Such a meeting was held to bring about a closer understanding between the two countries on the border.
Shillong, July 20: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited Tura to inspect the outbreak of Japanese Encephalitis in Tura which has affected 13 people. people inside the area.
On this occasion, Bah Ardent decided to sit on hunger strike indefinitely and the strike will start from 23rd June in front of the Secretariat. month in front of the Secretariat.
Speaking on the importance of the country's pilgrimage sites and temples, the Prime Minister stressed that these places are a symbol of our way of life for thousands of years, which also shows how India has developed. keep this essence despite the challenges that come from time to time.
The Minister said the SDMA has informed that three C&RD Blocks have been affected by the cyclone and heavy rains: Mawryngkneng, Mawkynrew and Mawphlang Block.
The Turkish film, which depicts the activities of the Iranian police, has won director Nader Saeivar the Silver Peacock for Best Director.
Pastor Kadew spoke about Thomas Jones' sympathy for the Khasi who were attacked by the British government.
Shillong, Lber 26: Hundreds of teachers today gathered near Dinam Hall in Jaiaw to protest against the two teachers' unions, the All Meghalaya Primary School Teachers Association (AMPSTA) and the All Meghalaya Primary School Teachers Association (AMPSTA). The Primary School Teachers Association (APSTA) at this meeting decided to suspend their strike after the government has released their salaries.
Shillong, March 24: The Meghalaya People's Committee on Aadhaar (MPCA) today held a public meeting at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkar. One decision has been taken to hold an All Out Movement on Aadhaar which will start on the 30th of this month in Shillong.
There are only four members of the party, Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Pynshngianlang Syiem, Charles Marngar and Grabiel Wahlang. The Congress MDCs who have joined the NPP are Bajop Pyngrope while Balajied Rani has joined the UDP. With the joining of these two MDCs, the NPP has 16 MDCs in the 30-member Assembly. The MDCs in the EC are, Bah Victor Ranee, Kong.
Speaking at a meeting held at the State Central Library, the Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor said that 20,81,570 lakh voters have registered to vote. 10,28,395 lakh and 10,53,173 lakh women and 65% of those who have registered are between the ages of 18 and 19 years.
The union will award prizes and awards to all the students who have passed well in various examinations such as SSLC/HSSLC/ICSE/ISC/CBSE/DEGREE/PG/DIPLOMA etc for this year 2018-2 , who passed in the 1st Division.
Police have recovered three pistols, one DBBL rifle, 20 unused bullets, bombs and many other ammunition from the scene.
In this regard, the Meghalaya Truck Owners Association (MTOA) on Thursday met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem to explain the issue. too much of the tax collection gates.
The Club would also like to thank the MLA of the area Bah David A Nongrum who has been with us since the establishment of the Club and opened it on 22nd June
Shillong, July 07: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah WMS Pariat today issued an order ban ban the appointment of day laborers in all government offices and this order will come into force immediately.
The main theme of the NCC is to maintain order, to bring unity in the country and to encourage the youth to take up the defense positions by joining the NCC. in the military.
India will not be able to accept these 50 lakh Bangladeshis.
At the meeting, the DCs, SPs and BDOs of the Block expressed their concern about the loss and damage caused by the floods. assist and deliver relief to those affected by the floods.
Shillong, June 17: The meeting held today at the Khasi National Dorbar, Mawkhar, Shillong between the Chief Executive Members and various civil society organizations has decided to meet again after the 22nd. April 2013, after the meeting of the Sub-Committee, KHADC, which is responsible for the amendment of the Sixth Schedule.
He said that the youth need to get the rights so that they can contribute to the society.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District has completed the inspection of the road from Nongstoin to Kyrshai to connect near Mirja in Assam. to take and build this road.
The JSU has requested and demanded from the Union Home Minister Amit Shah that the Government of India should take immediate action against these areas where the Bangladeshis have invaded and order the BSF to take action against them. They are responsible for patrolling these areas which have not yet been signposted and bring more BSF troops to these areas from Dawki to Muktapur and also to Shella village in the border area.
The government's target was to complete the work worth T.48.31 crore by October this year, but the work is still pending although the work has been completed by 62%.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: Former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Donkupar Roy, who is also the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, today said that The ministers of the Congress government if they oppose Dr Mukul K Sangma should step down and speak out against him.
Besides these, Umroi Airport and Tezpur Airport are also operational.
According to the rules laid down by the government, teachers in Lower Primary Schools must have passed Class XII and must have completed a special training in this field known as Teachers Eligibility Test (TET) will also be applicable to those who teach in Upper Primary.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the youths said that he expresses his opposition to the decision taken by the state government to appoint only those between the ages of 18 and 21 years. , in which he said that this sudden release of the government's sudden release of it could lead to suffering for the youth.
At the same time, he said that in the struggle to demand their own state in the past and also from other states like Telengana, the people have staged many protests according to the Constitution of the country. India, however, has not been recognized as foreigners, the GHSMC's demand for a state is based on the language they speak.
Furthermore, Minister Duh spoke about the goal of implementing 6G and spoke about the establishment of a special team to take forward this work.
On receiving this information, the police have launched a search operation but have not yet arrested the suspect.
He said that there are some people from outside who support UCIL to mine uranium in Domiasiat.
Police are still questioning the owner of the dam to get a clear answer to find out the reasons for the fire.
Nabam said he could not accept this action of the NPP and decided to leave the party completely.
New Delhi, March 14: The PDF has sent a delegation to talk to the EC to support the EC. New Delhi, March 14: The Union Home Minister of India, Rajnath Singh, on Tuesday said that the They don't have any religion, but there are those people who accept this. On the other hand, the Prime Minister said, “India is like a school that teaches tolerance”.
Please change the picture to your own country.
The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya has been asked why he has promised without being able to verify whether his statement through the media is like those leaders who promise only during elections without to have something.
Why are they afraid if they follow the schemes, why is Bah Hamlet afraid, as a party member he has the right to give his opinion, at the same time he urged that the schemes should be implemented in the The truth is that Meghalaya does not belong to the BJP, at the same time it does not belong to the PDF. When the government was formed, it belonged to the people of Meghalaya.
The first issue put before the CEM and his EC was “to establish another Department within the JHADC, the Arts & Culture Department”.
In his speech, Bah Awhai Andrew Shullai said that he alone cannot do anything but he needs the cooperation of all. Other party leaders were also present on the occasion.
“(I have) asked Modi to fight and help us, to guide us and support us so that we can achieve the goals we have set in the next five years. come," he said.
Shillong, June 12: The office of the CEO of Meghalaya has sought permission from the 35-Konachar Polling Station under the Salsella MLA Constituency. The ECI has decided to hold another poll at this place.
In recent days, we have seen an increase in cases of COVID-19 around the world.
While apologizing, the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Dr. Nalin Mehta said that he should forget what happened and come back to discuss the issues but the HYC leaders have informed him to resolve the issue. one day to come and talk.
According to the Ministry of Labor & Employment of the Union Government, the scheme has helped to create an additional 11.2 million jobs between 2015 and
Secretary to the Ministry of Education, Meghalaya, Ambrose Ch.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: U Bah Lambor Malniang, MLA and MDC of Nongkrem and Chairman of the State Planning Board, today inaugurated three footbridges in Madanriting Block. -G for facilitating public transportation.
On the other hand , the Seng urges the Garo people not to say that only the Garo settlements are their land because most of these lands have been owned by the Khasi as private individuals and Hima and The Garo are the only residents.
The meeting decided to urge the government to convene a special session to resolve some of the shortcomings in its resolution and the political parties under the leadership of KAS will take action. to urge the government to improve the resolution.
Shillong, Shillong Lajong FC in their home match against Neroca FC today scored a goal.
Besides, MeECL has arranged to give increments of 5, 10 and 15 percent of the minimum wage to those who have worked for 5, 10 and 15 years or more.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will file a complaint in the High Court against those who do not practice Panchayati Raj, said Bah PN Syiem, Chief Executive Member.
The President of the Garo Students Union (GSU) Tengsak G Momin said that they cannot trust the government to fulfill its promises. Meghalaya if the government takes action as it has said.
Under the leadership of Pa Togan Sangma, the Garo, who were armed with only small weapons, fought against the French troops.
The KSU demands that the Deputy Commissioner and the Supply Department of South West Khasi Hills District should immediately resolve such issues especially at this time when the people are in need.
The 100W transmitter will cover an area of ​​about 400 sq. km.
The government's decision to appoint an Expert Committee or Expert Agency came after allegations by civil society and private individuals that there was radiation in the area. Jynrin is located in the southwest of Khasi Hills District.
These routes are Kolkata-Guwahati, Guwahati-Aizawl, Shillong, Shillong, Aizawl-Kolkata and Guwahati-Kolkata.
Another topic discussed was that all the Councils should send their recommendations on the Central Government's desire to amend the Sixth Schedule within this month and in They can submit it to the Parliamentary Standing Committee in November, at the same time they can ask for an extension if possible.
Shillong, Naitung 29: Leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today visited Sabuda village to get more information from the people regarding the incident in Sabuda village in Assam. you came with power.
GNLA C-In-C Sohan D Shira and ULFA Deputy Commander Dristi Rajkhowa were also present at the meeting.
There are 211 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Jaintia Hills, 163 in East Khasi Hills, 2 in Ri Bhoi, 1 in South West Garo Hills and 1 in West Garo Hills. 18, West Jaintia Hills 5, West Khasi Hills 3 cases.
“Our people depend on the environment to survive without touching it,” he said. lost.
The trade has started at Mawiong for two weeks but today the Marwaris who buy these two types of marrep have stopped saying that they cannot buy anymore because the KHADC has sent them to take “Transit”. Pass".
In the Shillong seat, there were 14,00,411 lakh voters.
Shillong, Naitung 26: U Nababrata Bhattacharjee today met the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan at Raj Bhavan Shillong to invite the Governor of Meghalaya to be the highlight of the group’s three-year anniversary celebration.
There have been 489 recoveries today, bringing the total number of recoveries to 44067 so far.
The decision to cancel the protest was taken after they saw that the protest has not reached anywhere and the government has not taken action on this issue. may convene a meeting to discuss their demands.
Shillong, November 21: The Umroh Sports Club has concluded its football tournament on the 20th November, 2019 at the Umroh Stadium.
The reasons are due to corruption at all levels of the management and implementation of various government schemes.
The program will be conducted by the Ministry of Agriculture of the Union Government in collaboration with the Government of Uttar Pradesh.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting , Deputy Chief Minister Preston Tynsong said that with the introduction of this policy , we can now move forward in terms of conservation of water supply.
Programme, Panchayati Raj, JNNURM, Internal Security and others.
He said the Deputy Commissioner has accepted the request of the VPP to repeal the fourth item of Section 144 CrPC which prohibits the public on polling day in East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Naiwieng: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that he received a letter from 12 Congress MLAs who have left to join the Trinamul Congress.
The petition was signed by Pritam Areng, Matsrang Sangma of FKJGP, Dalseng and they hope that the Chief Minister will take action with understanding. Bira Ch Monin, Supam R Marak of ADE, Sengbath Ch Marak, Silkam Ch Marak of AYWO and others are the leaders of the party.
Members of the Seng also visited the shops and roads along the surrounding areas of the neighboring village market in Jatap, Mustoh District.
He said a meeting with the political parties in the state will be called tomorrow.
In this regard, organizations with disabilities have expressed their support to them to fight against these insults, such as AMABEDI of Bethany Society Shillong and other organizations.
The party also invites the Chief Minister and members of his Cabinet to attend the meeting tomorrow evening. At the same time, the Leaders of all the NGOS have been invited to join hands with us tomorrow.
Shillong, March 19: The Eastern Air Command today held an Air Fest at Hynniewmer in Upper Shillong to mark the Diamond Jubilee of the Eastern Air Command. and the same with helicopters.
Bandari Ryntathiang said that according to the meeting with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, there is no law or rule that Sengbhalang leaders cannot be Rangbah Shnong.
Speaking on the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019 passed by the two Legislative Assemblies of India, he said that the Sixth Schedule areas have been exempted from the Act but the government wants Meghalaya should be exempted from this Act as a whole.
Dr. Noor Topno, Medical Superintendent, promised to take action on the complaint.
The park authorities are taking the assistance of the residents of the park, said Dr Bhaskar Choudhury, Regional Head (North-East), IFAW-WTI.
After the decision, Bah Ramsiej said that he was not satisfied.
This is a great loss and the party prays for the soul of Bah Honsen to rest in peace.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Swinisda Khasohnoh, wife of Bah E Marngar, resident of Mawlai Motsyiar PHC, passed away on Saturday.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the Government is ready to provide assistance to the residents of the state in case of any incident. these natural disasters caused by the impact of Cyclone Remal.
Shillong, Nailar 09: Police from the ANTF of East Khasi Hills have arrested six drug dealers, four men and one woman. 8.97 grams of heroin were seized from the police.
According to one of the rules of the state government, students should not have a Permanent Resident Certificate (PRC) from the state, but the KSU has found that many of these foreigners do not have a complete PRC, but submit a Provisional Permanent Resident Certificate (PPRC) valid for 3 or 12 months.
Earlier, Swami Hitakamanandaji Maharaj welcomed all those who took part in the award ceremony and Swami Divyaswarupananda Maharaj gave a speech of thanks.
On this day, the teachers not only gave the lessons but also set aside time to have a question paper where the youth could ask their questions. facilitators answer and clarify what young people want clarification and information.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today announced on Twitter that these hospitals have already been given permission to start operating these hospitals.
After resigning, Saleng said he had to resign as MLA because he had to take over the post of president of the NCP in Meghalaya, while his friend John Leslee K. Sangma said he has nothing to do with the party as he will not hold any position within the party.
Speaking to reporters, he said that 50 children have been examined at Lawmali Hospital and 15 of them have been found to be positive. Three of them will be treated in Guwahati and 12 others will be taken to Chennai.
As the largest district EJHD, there is no DM & HO yet. The lack of a full time DM & HO in the district is one of the reasons for the lack of health services in the district.
Bah Shullai hopes that the number of elephants will continue to increase in the state as the forest department in charge of wildlife has taken steps to prevent the killing of elephants. It used to happen in parts of Garo Hills but now it doesn't exist anymore.
The four abductees are traders from Assam who work in South Garo Hills.
On this occasion, awards were also given to the volunteer groups in the villages for their work. On this occasion, 17 voluntary groups in the villages were distributed awards. such as Community Investment Funds (CIF).
They were identified as Damanbha Ripnar alias Shall Lapang, Robinis Ripnar, Jill Tariang and Shining Nongrum.
The suspect was identified as Richard Tiplang Swer (39 years old). Police have seized a Bolero with siren and VIP light. They also seized a laptop, mobile phone and documents from his residence in Wahingdoh.
Shillong, Nailar 25: After the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) held a rally against the MoU in Nongstoin, some political parties and supporters of these parties said that the HYC is trying to mislead them. MoU on the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
He said that the presence of COVID-19 has also put people in fear to travel to different places and this is also the case in Meghalaya. There is a shortage of tourists in the state at the moment.
The amount will be paid directly to the accounts of the beneficiaries.
In this colour, the songs, dances, dances and dances from all over India were performed.
According to police, two persons threw a petrol bomb at the shop. Police are conducting investigation to track down the suspects.
Therefore, the KSU congratulates NEEPCO for its initiative to implement the demands of the KSU and hopes that through the presence of NEEPCO, the village will develop in all aspects.
Under the Employment Mission, the Government of India and several States/UTs have held RozgarMelas across the country and distributed employment letters to lakhs of youth every month.
HANM is doing this to protect the jaidbynriew from the illegal infiltration of foreigners which is a sign of injury to the heritage of the jaidbynriew because they have come to destroy the unemployment and income of the indigenous people. In fact, 60 MLAs have already accepted the decision to implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
If we take the creation of the earth, it is said that it was through the earth and the moon that the Sun, the Moon, the Wind, the Water and the Fire became the creators of all these things in nature.
Those employed in any occupation under the NI Act 1881 who have the right to vote on that day shall be entitled to a leave of absence from which their wages shall not be counted.
Answering questions, Prestone said that whenever the government takes decisions, there will always be shortcomings. The fight against this disease requires cooperation.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma, who is also the MP from Tura, today opened the door for his candidacy for the MLA election 2018 to the Legislative Assembly.
At the same time, Kong Ampareen urged the people of the state not to think about this incident, but to wait for the authorities to decide. you have nothing to say about this.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawlum Tyrsad Unit has demanded that the Fedback Energy Distribution Company Limited (FEDCO) should immediately install a transformer in Mawlum Tyrsad village.
The state government has also allowed those who are outside the North East to come if they can arrange their own travel from Monday, said the Chief Minister's Symbut Prestone Tynsong.
The KSU leaders who visited the village today promised that the KSU will not leave but will be with them in any situation as it happens and they have been ready to help.
Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister in charge of Education, said that these posts have already been approved by the Cabinet for the Arts Stream.
He also admitted that the NPP will win the Shillong seat from the Congress because compared to the votes in the MLA elections held in 2023, the NPP is the first to win more votes. When asked, “We welcome any political party who is willing to offer to cooperate with the NPP in this election.
The Governor of Manipur has praised the IBSD for its efforts to make flower farming an employment opportunity in the North East. and this in Manipur is an example for others.
On the other hand, Singhania said that the work has been too slow and unfair.
Answering a question on how many people have traveled to these four countries at the expense of the government, the Prime Minister said that the total number of people who have traveled to these four countries has been spent by the government. , in Switzerland no one attended, in the USA four and in Bangladesh three.
He said the government has many schemes but they fail because there is no proper implementation and the end result is that all the plans fail.
The bridge was inaugurated by Bah Embhahlang B. Syiemlieh, MLA/MDC Mawlai Constituency in the presence of Bah K. Ryntathiang, Rangbah Shnong, Bah R. Kharkongor, Asst. Members of the Executive Committee of Mawpat Village, Bah LS Kharbuli, EE of KHADC, Bah Gervasis Kharmujai and residents of Mawpat Village.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The Nongkhlaw Hima will celebrate the 184th death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiem on July 17, 2019 at Mairang.
New Delhi, Jymmang 13: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, today joined hands with the members of the Rajya Sabha to congratulate the retiring members of the House.
He recalled that while the North Eastern Region of India is against the CAA, the MDA government supports it in Parliament which the people of Meghalaya cannot accept. The MDA government in the last three years has not produced any job vacancies or appointed vacancies.
MDC Bah Nassar Marwein was also present at the meeting.
The Cabinet has approved to introduce a new amendment to the Service Rules of the Meghalaya Civil Defense and Home Guards.
The party through its President U Jersom Shylla together with the members of the party have taken to the streets to raise the flag of vehicles and urged all drivers and the people of the state to come out together to protest. The government has been forced to increase the price of umphniang.
When asked, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the State Government cannot be involved in the provision of accommodation to illegal immigrants in resolving this issue which has been pending for a long time.
It is indeed a great hope for the nation to have people who do the job properly.
The KHNAM Mawlai Constituency Committee together with the Mawlai Youth Wing and Women Wing took part in the public meeting of the party held on 28th July 2017 at Mawlai Polytechnic where the top office bearers were elected. Pynbadborthiaw Saibonkum has been confirmed as the president of the party.
Many of these sign boards are training centres, but their presence has destroyed even the beautiful trees.
New Delhi, November 23: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today announced that the mid-term elections for the South Tura (ST) constituency will be held in 2013-2 The Assembly Constituency will be held on the 23rd July 2018 and the election will be held on the 27th of July 2018.
He assured that there will be no shortage of funds from the Government of India and will provide all assistance to ensure that the States become 'HarGharJal' in a timely and efficient manner.
This includes the assistance to the poor and the sick. The total number of beneficiaries is 22.70 lakh.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) has called for a two-day office blockade on the 18th and 19th of this month. in the evening until 5 o'clock in the morning.
At the same time, he urged the members of the party to cooperate with the police to arrest the perpetrators.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: Mizoram today beat Meghalaya 2-1 in the U-21 of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 at the MFA Turf, Polo Ground, today. sun.
He said that the Minister of Education has called for talks after the Seng has given 15 days to the State Government to increase the salaries according to the passage of time due to the shortage of food items and other items. the needs of the day.
In his speech, MLA Wailadmiki Shylla expressed his regret over the lack of time by the people and the village authorities to start the Sukra festival at the right time.
This will pave the way for the increase in coronavirus testing centres, personal protective equipment (PPE), isolation facilities, ICU beds, ventilators and other essential needs.
The stadium will have many other facilities which can be used in many areas besides sports which can be played in this area and this will benefit the youth of this area. .
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 293 people have tested positive for COVID-1 East Khasi Hills District 93 cases, West Garo Hills 93 cases.
A search operation is underway to track down the robbers, police said.
Shillong, July 08: U Bah A Khonglam Secretary of the Meghalaya Government Contract School Association (LPS) on Tuesday urged the government to allow the teachers who failed the MTED examination to write the examination again.
This bridge has been long awaited by the people and has now been fulfilled with the opening of this bridge at Chainage on the Rongre River in East Garo Hills District.
Mishra also met with the Rangbah Shnong and residents of Nolikatta village during her visit to South West Khasi Hills.
The Governor of Meghalaya has issued a complaint against the CMJ for allegedly issuing fake degrees to students. The staff of the University were also congratulated.
Police have recovered a pistol and five unused bullets from the body of David Ch Momin. Police have also recovered the ID cards of David Ch Momin. He may be one of the suspects involved in the recent incident in Garobada in which three people were killed.
On the other hand, the Minister replied in the House that the Medical College could not be started on the site where the foundation stone was laid because it does not comply with the rules laid down by the Medical Council of India. .
In this new year, I wish you all the best and pray for good health.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: Madanriting Police today seized 100gm of drungs from two women from Demthring.
Those who participated in this emergency meeting under the chairmanship of the Secretary of SNSBH Bah RL Blah requested the villages, especially the Rangbah Shnongs and Dorbar Shnongs to urge the residents to be calm.
““Through the difference in the growth of foreigners in the state, we can clearly understand that the illegal entry of foreigners is very high.
To ensure this, there have been laws since 1908, during the British period, as well as in the Assam government that in the Kahsi and Garo Hills other ethnic groups cannot buy land.
Police on receiving this information conducted a search operation at Ronggmatchu in North Garo Hills District, about 8km from Dainadubi.
The tournament started on Tuesday last month with a preparatory prayer (Tridum) which ended on Thursday.
To protest against this incident, the KSU today held a flag raising ceremony in Shillong without any writing on the flags.
When the truck was searched, it was found that it contained Ganja and after completing all the procedures according to the law, an ejahar was registered with the police. under the NDPS Act.
Shillong, March 16: The Bansara Eye Care Center in collaboration with the SPECS, World Diabetes Foundation, KSU, West Khasi Hills and the Union of Women's Associations of Nongstoin, More than 200 people including students from various schools took part in a march to mark this day in Nongstoin.
Dr RK Sharma, Pro VC USTM briefly spoke about the work of the university.
The KSU NKHD Unit has been angry after the Assam police came to suddenly stop the installation of post electric in Iongkhuli Ri-Bhoi District which is still the entire territory of Meghalaya. The Government of Assam through its police forces have used violence and attacks by using the people of Assam who have invaded the Khasi villages on the border for the purpose of their desire to seize land in the border areas.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Dong of Block-2 of Mawiongrim Village, Bah Rebelson Suchiang said that the village will seek detailed information from Bah Manik before taking any further action.
The purpose of this loan from the World Bank is to implement projects in Meghalaya for the conservation of land in Meghalaya, how to strengthen the management of land resources in Meghalaya. the state and how the people can participate in the preservation of the land.
Public awareness campaigns on the GST will be conducted throughout India to explain and explain to consumers through meetings and also through the media.
As members of the KSU, they should strengthen their foundation because those who have lost their minds have forgotten their weaknesses. He said that those who have been in the KSU have lost their strength. jyllih but you are the one who is right.
The Income Tax Department has seen about 1.06 crore new income tax returns and has a target of 1.25 crore new income tax returns this year.
Regarding the resignation of the Chairman and Deputy Chairman on the same day, AD Rules 12(1) allows them to resign but the Governor will have to appoint a pro-term chairman to run the House. dorbar to elect a new Chairman of the House.
The President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit said that he is still pleased that the leaders with special skills have come to join the party and this will help the party.
Police have arrested them and taken them to court today and the court has remanded them in police custody for further investigation.
Immediately, the Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) together with the Umtyra Check Gate and Khliehriat Police Station conducted a search operation at Nongsning village under the leadership of Addl. Police of East Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, the union urges the students to work hard to work hard in their exams and the union wishes them all the best and wishes them success even in the midst of the pandemic of Covid ong “God is with, he helps those people who help themselves”.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya Government, P Bakshi, on Tuesday said that it is still yet to be verified whether it is a rubella case at Mawphlang PHC. When asked whether it is true that Rubella has been diagnosed at Mawphlang PHC in Meghalaya, the Secretary did not give a clear answer. , but said it still has to be proven.
There will be 2677 participants, 296 teachers and managers, 358 sports managers and 380 assistants and the government has allocated T. Rs 10 crore for this game.
Dozens of members of the HYC have demanded that the government should implement the IPL in the state. to prevent the entry of mynder into Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the Director said that the price of this work has already been increased twice and the PWD wants to increase it again for the third time and this has put the government department in a difficult position. the problem of how to do it.
Dr Sngma said that during the implementation of MHIS there have been many comments and allegations.
Shillong, July 03: Meghalaya today experienced the first cold weather of 2018 in Shillong. city ​​of Shillong.
Shillong, June 17: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) today announced that Ripun Bora, former Assam Chief Minister, former Rajya Sabha MP and former President of the Assam Assam Assam, has been appointed as the President of the Assam Assembly. The Assam Pradesh Congress Committee (AITC) today welcomed the Congress leader Abhishek Banerjee into the party in the presence of General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee. other party officials.
The meeting also discussed various policies and programs of the Ministry, including the development of tourism, culture, heritage and spiritual tourism in the Himalayas, the responsibility and sustainable tourism and tourism related to the G20 summits.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Shillong Police today arrested two drug traffickers and seized heroin worth T.25 lakh from their bodies. spirit to the injection thyrnia.
Shillong, Nailar 14: U Titosstarwell Chyne MDC of Sohra and CEM of KHADC today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Connead K Sangma to submit a petition regarding the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited is the owner of the Sohra area.
The four arrested were identified as Lucky R Natal, Netun R Sangma, Damin K Sangma and Elkin K Sangma.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Chairman, Bah Daniel Khyriem, President of the party, Bah Daniel Khyriem, President of the party, said that the Board is currently collecting all the information and will soon complete the process. .
The winners of this competition were Nangkyrsoi Synrem from Kelian Memorial School who came first, F.Christy Linda Lyngkhoi from Synod Higher Secondary School and P. Bareh from Synod Higher Secondary School. JNV School, Mukhla who came second and third in Kahsi.
On the other hand, the UDP hopes that the government will think again once again whether to implement the ILP despite the prime minister's refusal.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Minister of Rural Development, Bah Embhah Syiemlieh, he said that during the meeting, the Minister told them that the government has not yet taken any The decision was taken to set up an office in the Mawlai C&RD Block.
“We as the residents and as the children of the Hima, we don't trust this Syiem anymore because he is a stone, he is also a disturber of the village and he is also a destroyer of peace and order in the community. region and in the Hima as a whole," he said.
Bah Paul said that the number of police in the state is very low, this is where the cooperation between the people and the law enforcement agencies comes in to arrest them. crime and hopefully having these CCTV cameras will help prevent crime.
The articles called for an end to the discrimination against the Muslim minority in Myanmar.
Shillong, Nailur 07: U Dr DRL Nonglait, President of the Khasi Author Society (KAS) today launched a book entitled “Where shall I go?” written by Dr BPS Toi.
Dr Jitendra said that the government led by Narendra Modi since 2014 has taken action for their welfare and through the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, , has been increased from three inherent defects in the human body to five.
Shillong, Nailur 15: Muslims in Shillong today held a mass march against the genocide of Muslims in Rohingya in Myanmar.
Up to 164 cases have been settled at this Lok Adalat and the amount of money has reached T.64,14,872/-, most of the cases are vehicle collisions under the Motor Vehicle Act. Act.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Manstudy recalled that when HS Shylla brought the motion, he asked for the help of the Congress party and this time the Congress party gave it. The Congress will not give its support but they will not give a no confidence motion because they know they cannot.
The Waheh Shnong of Huroi, Bah Golden Marbaniang, said that the flood occurred on the 15th of this month and many houses were flooded. people were evacuated to safer places that were safe from flooding.
The three youngsters have been invited by the All India Football Federation for a special training to be held in Kalyani, West Bengal, next month.
We do not want in the future years or times that this work will revive to disrupt and disrupt life.
The Prime Minister said that by working together, we should ensure that stolen money should be eradicated and this will empower the poor and the rich, the rich and the poor and will help the future generations. The Prime Minister said this while congratulating the people on the 10th anniversary of the issuance of 500 and 1000 notes.
According to the statement of the two arrested persons, they were arrested and the one who is still at large, Lang Sungoh from Mowtyrchiah village, is still missing.
The District Administration has been handed over to the District Administration to look after the jobs in the field of pet purchase. bam mardih is now available in the market.
Shillong, July 26: The Chief Election Officer (CEO) of the Election Commission of India, Bah FR Kharkongor, today said that the office has informed the Election Commission (EC) of India that the MLA Martin M Danggo of the 35th Ranikor Constituency has resigned and the constituency is now vacant.
The Cabinet also approved the calendar of holidays for the year 2017. The Prime Minister said that the change will be made only on the 24th of November. The holiday on the 1st of June has been postponed to a working day.
This has left the people homeless where the UDA has not helped the people and has led them to become refugees in their own country.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the need to open temporary hospitals due to the lack of land in the North East.
The night curfew has been lifted on the night of the 24th, 25th and 31st to allow people to attend night services. Christmas and New Year celebrations must be held with the permission of the Deputy Commissioner.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh said that the party came to this place with a sense of sorrow after receiving information from the people that there has been an earthquake in the house in Umthlong Lummawnei.
During the visit, the Chief Minister also inaugurated the Agriculture Kendra office at Mawthadraishan in the presence of Bah Brolding Nongsiej MLA. the Government of Meghalaya.
Naba Bhattacharjee, one of the environmentalists, said that the spread of these sign boards on trees and public places has made Shillong look like a dirty city.
The residents of Jaiaw Mawkhar said that the government should expedite the construction of this parking lot as it is near the market and the traffic jam on this Jaiaw Mawkhar road has been increasing since the construction of the parking lot. this parking lot will be rebuilt.
Regarding the spread of the conversation between Bah HB Nongsiej Minister of State and the Secretary Shnong, the Chief Minister said that in fact they should have informed the relevant authorities or the Secretary Shnong. the BDO of that place.
Other demands include the government to send back MTC vehicles to operate in the area, to implement a PHC in Khonjoy, to provide adequate drinking water and to provide electricity. to all the villages.
During the meeting, Cornad invited the Prime Minister to Shillong for the Water Conference to inaugurate the Piggery Mission and the National Institute of Fashion Technology. he said he would give the word.
(Family Pension).
As part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the Meghalaya Board of School Education, the Meghalaya Board of School Education on Tuesday held an Inter School Choir Competition on the theme “Celebrate the Past, Embrace the Present and Rise to the Future”. Eight schools from East Khasi Hills District took part in the competition. The judges were Bah B. Latam, P. Warjri and Bah W.Chair.
Dr MRS E Shullai, Joint Director, MCH & FW, Govt.
Jowai, Naiwieng 24: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, West Jaintia Hills District, today said that the distribution of Rs 5 crore to the people will start tomorrow through banks. He said that the residents of the district should not worry about the money as the total amount of money in the banks is T.46.5 crore.
Poor mothers, pregnant women and children under 6 months to 14 years of age have the right to receive nutrition as stipulated under the scheme and program of the Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS) and to Mid-Day Meal (MDM).
Shillong, Naitung 04: U Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan today visited the BSF troops at Out Post Shella.
Speaking to reporters, Bah NP Muktieh said that he received the counterfeit money when he withdrew the money from the ATM at Mawlai bridge at 9 pm. thousand and this money was written fake note.
This training center will be specialized in how to fight against fire for those who will be newly appointed and there will also be other trainings. DGP R. Chandranathan, IPS welcomed all those present.
“The Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra is Narendra Modina's commitment to the poor, needy, women, youth and farmers of India,” he added.
From 1947 to 2014, only nine airports were built in the Northeast.
When asked, he said, “According to my opinion, Bah Tarson has nothing to do with it.
In another incident, they abducted a tourist vehicle (ML 04B 0278) identified as Bah Pynshai Rymbai of Jaintia Hills on the 8th of this month with a pistol. .
The registration fee will be 1000 tyngka and participants will be residents of Meghalaya only.
Shillong, July 27: The Union Government through the Ministry of Home Affairs has awarded the Police Medal to Dr. Jalaj Sinha, BSF, Shillong. good ones that he worked in the field of intensive care.
The party prays that he will be able to pass this Bill soon.
At this meeting, the DC also urged the people how to stand on their own feet by starting their own businesses by farming and ring jingri. as well as to encourage tourism.
: The men's football team of Ribhoi District has won the title by defeating the team of West Jaintia Hills District 4-0 goals in the men's football tournament. The tournament was held at the STC Shillong Stadium in Shillong. The tournament was held at the STC Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 18: Police have arrested two drug dealers from Iewduh and seized 41.85 grams of heroin from them, eight small packets, one mobile phone and one ATM card.
On this occasion, the CEM said that they are still consulting whether it is possible to take the festival to other places.
“They will soon send a report on this to discuss with us and perhaps it will be taken to the Cabinet on how to proceed,” he said.
All 17 persons who lost their precious souls were buried today in all three villages.
“We demand that the State Government should set up an Integrated Check Point to curb the evasion of revenue due to the lack of Revenue Checkpoints or Checkgates before coal trucks and mining trucks enter the country. There are no dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills,” he said.
During the inspection, the Seng has seen with its own eyes these uranium mines which have been destroyed and burnt down in many parts.
The Government has also strengthened the lat to fight against drug traffickers not only in the strengthening of the police force but also in the law enforcement force to ensure that drug traffickers should not get lat. .
In the state, the BJP Meghalaya Unit under the leadership of the party president Bah Shibun Lyngdoh has started the celebration on the 9th and will end on the 23rd of this month. celebrate the Independence Day of the country.
“Recently, there was a heavy clash between the Karbi and Pnars in Khanduli village, West Jaintia Hills District.
In the first month of July , 2023 , the Prime Minister sent a message through SDDF member Bah Alan West Kharkongor that he wants to meet with the members of the Forum on the 5th July 2023 to announce the Sohra Civil Sub-Division as a whole District.
Police are investigating the perpetrator of the crime and will punish him according to the law.
Because of the government's lack of action, the union will soon consider taking other protest measures to force the government to improve the roads.
The Commissioner of Transport, Bah E.Kharmalki on Thursday warned the passengers of Rapido to take their own responsibility as the company from Bengalore, Karnataka has not yet operated the Rapido. You must have a permit issued by the Transport Department of the State Government to transport passengers into the State of Meghalaya.
At the same time, the senior MDC denied that he had any intention of joining the NPP as he is now an independent person.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the KSU, Bah Pyniaid said that during the meeting, it was decided that the KHADC will not allow the BSF to purchase land in the KSU. Lokhra borders with Assam.
The BSF arrested the suspect who was trying to enter Bangladesh due to a vigilance in the operation of the operation. granted permission.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Ri-Bhoi Dorbar, which will turn 60 in 2025, and is now celebrating its 57th anniversary (1965-2022), will continue to strengthen its services. After 11 senior and retired leaders of the Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) joined it.
The KSU recalls the incident in 2005 in which there was a riot such as the theft of question papers.
These are the demands put forward by the government. The government has removed the odd and event numbers of vehicles in Shillong today. the sun shall go down.
As is the case in other states in India, the village authority has been clearly reflected in the form of Panchayats under the 73rd and 74th Amendments to the Constitution, while in the Khasi Hills it has appeared. The Sixth Schedule states 'Succession of Chief and Headman' but it does not explain who or foreigners.
The Chief Minister has urged the residents of the state to go and get vaccinated in places near their villages and this is the most important thing to protect and the government has taken a decision to ensure that Tika is given to all those aged 45 years and above.
Dr. Mukul said that every time they have a meeting with the central government on peace and order, they have expressed their concern and discussed how to fight against corruption. those who appear in any state if they are not involved in the same.
The announcement of the SSLC Examination in 2021 has also been delayed.
Meanwhile, the party has announced that HS Shylla will contest from Nongkrem constituency, Wankupar Syiemlieh will contest from Nongspung-Sohiong constituency, Jambor War from Pariong constituency and Fedrick Lynshing from Laban-Mawpren constituency. Constituency.
“I would like to inform you that the State Government has received many complaints from the students of Meghalaya regarding the postponement of CUET examination outside the State such as in Ranchi, Jharkhand, Jorhat, Dibrugarh, Kolkata and to the States. northern India,” said Conrad Sangma in the letter.
However, it is surprising to ask the police why the name of Eastern West Khasi Hills District has not appeared on the website of the Meghalaya Police Department even though this district has been in existence for almost two years. ball opened it.
This was announced by NEIPF Chairman Wellbert Rani after a meeting with the Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and President of the United Democratic Party (UDP). Speaking to media, Bah Rani said, “Our meeting with the Speaker was in two parts and One is the Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and the other is the President of the UDP. “It's a special session and during this special session to talk about the ILP issue and to pass the ILP by a resolution and send it back to Delhi,” said Bah Rani.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has warned against the illegal kilo cutting of agricultural products in the market. There are different types of Khasi Jaintia.
The KSU Upper Shillong Circle expresses its strong opposition to this story if it is true. various departments of the Government not to auction land to the military departments.
Shillong, July 03: The decision of the 17,15,329 lakh people who voted on 19/June/2024 by casting their votes will be known tomorrow who will be sent as MPs to the Lok Sabha. 1-Shillong Parliamentary (ST) Constituency and 2-Tura Parliamentary (ST) Constituency among the 40 candidates.
Only two Dr.C.Masharing and Bah Mayralborn Syiem were elected as the Executive Members.
On the other hand, Bah Sanbor as Chairman said that all these allegations are baseless.
There are 12 cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 24 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 157 cases in Ri Bhoi, 6 cases in Ri Bhoi, 6 cases in South West Garo Hills and 6 cases in South West Khasi Hills. 14, West Garo Hills 34, West Jaintia Hills 21, West Khasi Hills
After the speeches, a prayer was offered by Topas Shangpliang, President of Mawdatbaki Unit.
On the other hand, the DC said that she cannot say anything only after receiving the report from the Magistrate who went today to investigate to find out the truth about the reports that there is a Uranium waste dumps, at present nothing can be said until the report is received.
It is to be recalled that many groups have donated to the CMRF to fight against COVID-19, churches, religions and private individuals have also donated to the CMRF. contribution to the fight against this disease.
The festival will be held in all the strawberry farms in Syntung and Nohron in East Khasi Hills, Umktieh and Sohliya in Ri Bhoi. Baladinggre, Durakantragre in West Garo Hills.
The death toll from East Khasi Hills District has risen to 1035, while the death toll from the state has risen to 1518 people.
Pyndengsohsaw President Bah Borbingstar Kharwar General Secretary, Risingstar Sohmatk, Phlangwanbroi President- Bah Slipshon Dkhar General Secretary kong Phinriskhem pdahkasiej.
“Meghalaya has made progress in the last nine years,” he said while praising the Meghalaya Government for implementing the Prime Minister's vision for a country that has progressed in all aspects.
On this occasion, Bah Sanbor also inspected the Aqueduct Drainage which has been requested by the residents from the PWD road near the residence of Kong Glorimai Laban to the road. St.John Laban Parish at Laban Square for the benefit of pedestrians and school children under the SPA state PWD scheme which has been allocated T.55, 29,000 lakh. The project will be completed soon and once the budget session is over, the work will proceed.
Shillong, Nailur 19: At the 24th session of the United Nations Human Rights Council held in Geneva, the Permanent Representative to the UN and Chairman of the Meghalaya Peoples, DG Dympep, in his speech, said that in Asian countries, many countries have National Security Acts to fight against terrorism. lazy.
Other constituencies which have not yet sent their applications are Mawryngkneng, Nongkrem, Sohra, Mawphlang and Mawkynrew.
The first set of these guidelines were published in 2010, and these were revised in 2016 and 2019.
Shillong, July 9: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the Cabinet meeting held today has decided that the government will take responsibility for the debt of MeECL. T.1300 crore has been taken from REC and PFC under the Atmanirbhar Loan.
Before the polio drop, the whole world was affected by polio.
The complaint regarding the cancellation of the mark sheets of teachers from Mawkyrwat, Baghmara, East Khasi Hills, Jowai, Amlarem and many others Xerox copies can be sent to FSL for verification.
When asked about the cultivation and marketing of cashews in the area, Momin said the cashews in the area are good and spoke about MNREGA and self-help groups. is used to encourage the production of cashew nuts.
“If they feel that the detention is illegal, they can apply to the Board by submitting a written statement why they should not be detained and why they should not be released,” he said. .
Most of the vehicles that came were vehicles carrying goods from Shillong and these vehicles were given passes by the Deputy Commissioner, BDOs and SDOs and allowed to park at the place and leave. pat at the time when they entered the city to bring food.
The tournament started on 28th June this year and ended on Saturday with 32 teams from 32 sport clubs participating.
At the end of the debate, the opposition won, as many of the participants present agreed and opposed.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor War Nongbri, said that police have registered a case against the Facebook account. it's a Video box.
The founder of the SCC, Bah Neil Nongynrih, besides teaching foreign language, has also set up a Shillong Chamber School at Whispering Pines, Pohkseh. taught the children how to sing.
Shillong, June 13: U Bah Banshai Marbaniang, one of the residents of Mawsynram Village and also a volunteer, has said that he is ready to demand from the Government to improve the development in the Mawsynram Block area. the negligence of the Government in many respects.
The Seng strongly opposes the government's plan to forcibly dismiss such officers who are responsible for the lives and livelihoods of the people.
Research has shown that getting COVID-19 during pregnancy can have a negative impact on the health of mothers and they will be at risk of developing severe complications which can also affect i child in the womb.
JACATAM has already requested to meet with the Chief Minister on or before the 23rd of this month and has already announced that if the Chief Minister can meet with them on or before the 23rd of this month, On the 24th, I will go to the Secretariat.
Shillong, Lber 11: The Joint Action Committee of Sohiong Hima today went to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to demand the removal of Bah Shemphang Thabah from the post of Lyngdoh of the Hima.
I hope that the members of the Northern Party will cooperate especially on issues that affect our people,” said Bah Pyniaid.
The Appropriation Accounts provide information on the total expenditure of T.3,439.41 crore beyond the approval of the State Legislative Assembly under nine Grants and one non-grant.
In connection with the NDMA Order, the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has issued an Order on 24th October, 2020 under Section 10(2)(l) of the Disaster Management Act, which directs Ministries and Departments of the Government of India.
Hundreds of trucks carrying illegal cows to Bangladesh pass through every day and many of the truck drivers when asked said that they are cows of Khar Bangladesh. The union is surprised that the Bangladeshis have been able to smuggle cows illegally.
This was announced by Daniel Khyriem, President of the Khasi Students Union.
In a message of condolences, the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan, said that he is deeply saddened to learn of the tragic incident of a bus overturning near Sonapur Mandir in East Jaintia Hills. Hills District where many precious souls have lost their lives, the Governor has sent his condolences to the families of all those who have lost their lives.
The IMI will be launched in 173 districts in the country and 17 capitals of 16 states and 52 districts in the North East of India. Those Districts where this scheme has not yet reached the rural areas.
The RDA will develop mechanisms to meet the needs of health centres, PHCs, CHCs, Civil Hospitals, NEIGRIHMS and others.
In this incident, the driver of the truck sustained minor injuries while the driver escaped without injuries after getting out of the truck.
Speech was also delivered by Mr. Kobarness Tlang, President of the Farmers Producer Organization of Thadlaskein Block.
Chief Executive Member, KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, has filed a case in the Supreme Court.
A total of 25683 candidates wrote the HSSLC examination and 20740 candidates passed and the overall pass percentage was 80.75%.
In a statement sent to the media, Bah HM Marbaniang, General Secretary of MSSASA-Central Body, said that after the Union found that the results of the D.El examination were incomplete.
The union also expresses its gratitude to the District School Education Officer (DSEO) for its initiative in this regard.
“We see that Manipur which has been denied ILP dozens of times and this time has now received ILP. “ILP is not available to our state,” he said.
The HSPDP and UDP have nominated former HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin as their candidate for the Lok Sabha elections.
All the people of the country are proud to say “I am an Indian (Main Bharat Hoon) because they understand the power of the vote to elect people to run and build our country.
Shillong, Naitung 14: U Bah Ebor Dkhar, Waheh Shnong of Moolamylliang Village, has lodged a complaint with the police based on his findings through RTI requested by Bah Marshal Biam of Ladrymbai Village.
With this victory, the NE Women's Team will face the Bangladesh Women's Team in the final.
The training started on 09th November and ended on 21st November where 40 youths from inside and outside Shillong came to participate. A hockey match was played between the children who participated in the camp which was held at Madan Polo.
Then how can you now claim to be a leader?"
According to the latest news received from Raj Bhavan Shillong, the Minister's briefing is scheduled to be held at 11.00 am tomorrow morning at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
These Muktiars also hope to get a National Law School in Meghalaya if the BJP leads the government in Meghalaya. I don't want to join the BJP party to develop the state.
We must overcome the darkness of this disaster by spreading the greatness of the light in all directions.
Meghalaya has a population of 2,96,6889 according to the census released today.
This recognition was sent in a letter to the Director of the school.
On this occasion, the Minister also launched a vehicle to travel around the country.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Federation (HNYF) has strongly condemned the arrest of the Organizing Secretary of HANM-JH without any reason.
The honor was paid to Syiem Tirot Singh after the Meghalaya Government worked hard to erect a statue of Syiem Tirot Singh at the Indira Gandhi Cultural Center (IGCC), Dhaka. The Symbud Chief Minister, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday.
The theme of the event was “The Contribution of Thomas Jones and the Proclamation of the Nation.
With the outbreak of this disease, the government has increased the workload of ASHAs in the fight against COVID-19 and in the villages they are the ones who go to see and treat the sick.
This is the first match that Shillong Lajong have won today.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Ricky Thabah President and Bah Teibor Marpna, General Secretary of the All Meghalaya Muster Roll Workers Union (AMMRWU).
KSU Shillong Eastern Circle strongly condemns the actions of the OC in charge of Pasteur Beat House.
Aiboklin Rina won the gold medal in the Senior Women's 65 kg Left Hand and the silver medal in the Senior Women's 65 kgs Right Hand.
The Myth vs Reality Register is a comprehensive source to clarify the errors and myths spread during the election period and empowers the electorate to make decisions with an understanding of the facts.
They said that they have been in Nongjri village for about four months now and they are working to build a house with a contractor called Mon.
The polling in Meghalaya will be held on the same day.
It may be recalled that Law Nongthroh on the slopes of Lum Sohpetbneng is a place that has been discovered by the scientists and the civil society led by Dr Marco Mitri. the stones, and the marble and marble, which have been used by our ancestors since ancient times.
Many of the schemes implemented by the Central Government have brought about change in many people and many of the schemes are to improve the income of the people through various activities.
For more information, please visit the University website or by phone at
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Cabinet today decided to amend the Meghalaya Secretariat Service Rule 1992, regarding the power to appoint secretaries. Under Secretary, Deputy Secretary and Joint Secretary.
The words of the wise say that pride goes before destruction.
The biggest problem facing the country and the state is the lack of jobs, which is why we should look for ways and means how to create job opportunities or self-employment opportunities. , The state has many opportunities but it needs a vision and guidance, where as an MP you have the ability if you can't do anything now, you will lose in the years to come.
After the blood was shed, these soldiers were given food.
The government has set up temporary shelters for the people in Mawsiangbah and Nongkhniang villages. In fact they wanted to set up another shelter in Mawsiej but the village authorities have not given permission.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The BSF today planted 500 tree seedlings at their post in Umpling. At the same time, a march was held to encourage the planting of trees. .
One of the things that the government has seen is the shortage of IAS officers in the state and the government has written to the central government to separate the IAS cadre from the state so that Meghalaya can have its own IAS officers. it is now part of the state of Assam.
He said the VPP will not seek any support from other political parties in the Lok Sabha elections.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: Ram Shakpal Singh DIG of the CRPF, according to a letter, said that they have been at Mawlai for more than 40 years. acres of land in New Shillong for them.
He said the union wishes these children to get treatment at the hospital as soon as possible.
Due to the severity of the suffering and the refugees who have come slowly, the Elders from the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Border Areas on 16/2/2017 and sent along with their photographs, came He met with the Minister of Forest and Environment, Government of Meghalaya at 10 pm.
“OROP is a tribute to our country’s military.
In his speech, Bah Charles Marngar MDC Mawhati urged that there should be gratitude to those leaders who brought the KHADC to protect the people as it is until now.
The opening ceremony was conducted by Bah BN Shanpru, Vice President of the Union. Speech was delivered by Bah S Kharsohnoh. to hold this tournament in Nongumlong village where the village welcomes such tournaments.
The JSU has expressed its deep sorrow that this overcrowding and difficulty in getting students to enter classes is due to the lack of confidence of the Education Department and the Government.
Speaking to SP News Agency, one of the members of the committee in charge of the Dolura Hat said that the Indian side has nothing to do with the ADC in charge of these Hats, Bah Peter Passah. go in person to visit these markets to see that there is no disruption.
With the surrender of the rebel group in South Garo Hills, which has caused panic among the people, the only remaining rebel group is the GNLA which is still fighting against the government.
Shillong, November 02: The 10th Annual Thanksgiving of the Hima Mylliem at Iewduh has shown that only peace and stability can bring about the development of the children. that thousand.
Regarding the EOI called by UCIL, the state government will write to the central government company to set up the land first, and the government's decision to allocate 422 hectares of land. The UCIL has been canceled on 24th July 2010 . For more information on this road , the State Government will write to the Road Construction Department of the Central Government for clarification .
He said that to be leaders in today's society, we have to face many insults and criticisms in various aspects especially in this age of social media.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister and the Principal Secretary handed over checks of T.75,000 and T.1.50 lakh through the My City Campaign to various Dorbar Shnongs.
Other parties in the MDA government, the PDF and the HSPDP have recently met to discuss the same issue regarding the MP election. The political parties' view is that the candidate should not be from any party.
Shillong, November 21: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today said that the Congress party candidates can be released after Christmas.
The party did not accept the allegation that the Khasi have been insulted and discriminated against and said that all these statements can be proved whether they are true or not by looking at those who appear outwardly.
Shillong, June 19: The Khasi Hills District Council (KSU) has urged the district authorities of Mawsynram Community and Rural Development Block (KSU) to gather the village leaders and civil society organizations. , religious organizations and others on COVID -1
With the opening, this small power plant will provide electricity to 14 surrounding villages.
We urge all the Dorbar Shnongs not to allow this demand of these foreigners to succeed as it is part of their efforts to violate the rights of the indigenous people and the Dorbar Shnongs in the country. The whole Khasi Hills.
Regarding this discussion according to the petition, the Minister of Home Affairs has been pleased and promised to look into it and after that she will call again to discuss these issues raised by Bah Sanbor as MLA and member of the Committee.
The Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, while explaining the speech of the Members of the House on the decision taken by the Government, said that according to the CAA, the areas that have ILP, the Districts. Referring to Meghalaya, he said that although almost the entire state has been exempted from the CAA, there are areas known as the European Ward in Shillong. The Wards Commissioner 7,8,9 and 10 are exempt from the CAA. The government wants to demand from the Central Government that the entire state should be exempt from the CAA. He said that the CAA is to grant citizenship to those who have already come to India during the partition of India, during the independence of the state, not to those who will continue to enter. The new application must be submitted by 31/12/2
The Waheh Shnong informed the Saitsama Outpost Police Station and the police immediately rushed to the Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong for post mortem.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency, said that as a leader in a small position as an MDC, he has tried to provide the most accurate and clean service. He said that the distribution of all the schemes in the morning and evening without discrimination against anyone for the benefit of the Constituency as a whole, he said. The MDC's death is a small matter but perhaps because the residents of Tanglei Village have seen that the scheme has been given in a pure spirit, they too have left for the sake of the welfare of the villagers. the Village.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, said that it was a vision of the late Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi, who during his speech in Parliament during the introduction of the Act. On 15th May 1989, he spoke on the need to exempt Meghalaya, Nagaland and Mizoram from the Panchayat Act. of Meghalaya, said at this special meeting that the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement of 17 August 1948, which was signed between the Government of India and the Hima Khasi States, has not yet been signed. to fulfill these agreements.
Speaking to reporters after being granted bail, Agens said that she had spoken to the police at the scene as this is a public place but to accuse her of entering the area. beain is unrighteousness.
The Government will not be able to run it because it has many other expenses, the Government does not want to close it either. the PPP mood, which means that there will be no private investment.
I have urged the residents if they have committed any crime not to commit such crimes but to hand them over to the hospital or to any private person who wants to have children,” he said. Bah Khongphai added, “To do this is a sin.
The Minister also inaugurated the 6th session of the India Mobile Congress and visited the IMC Exhibition.
She said that out of the allocation of T.64,000 crore for the country as a whole, about T.150 crore has been allocated for Meghalaya in the next four years.
After six years of absence from his country, he was ordained a Deacon on 29th March 2016 in Belgium after the authorities of the Province of Amsterdam Province saw that he had been sent to Shadong. Bishop Lucas Van Looy SDB has been ordained a priest in the Diocese of Ghent, Belgium on the 24th of July.
All this was done by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya as invited by Nongthymmai MLA Jemino Mawthoh.
On the other hand, the NPP has nominated Clement G Momin who contested the election twice against Dr Mukul Sangma from the same constituency, but failed to win. nominated him to contest against the daughter of the former chief minister of the state.
Therefore, this issue not only affects the trade, land and shyiap but also affects the longdoh longsnam of the Khasi.
Charles said that during the meeting between the Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi District and the Deputy Commissioner of Hamren, it was discussed that the development works should go smoothly, but sadly, the small development works Meghalaya and even the JJM scheme of the Central Government has not been implemented.
Shillong, June 04: The State Government through the General Administration Department has declared a public holiday on 15th June 2024 in East Khasi Hills District for the purpose of the Shad Suk Mynsiem at Weiking Square by the Seng Khasi Kmie Mawkhar.
In his speech, Dr Mukul said that he is delighted to be able to open this CHC even though the foundation stone of this health center was laid 17 years ago. treatment will be a blessing to the people in the area.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that when the Chief Minister returns from Tura, he will meet with the Chief Minister of Assam to set a date for another meeting to discuss the issue. the second to reconciliation.
“It is surprising that this place is near the Assembly but the state leaders are blind and every time when they go to the Assembly they don't take the opportunity to see this place.
The Chief Minister said that MePDCL should receive T.52 crore from the factories, T.40.1 crore from the public and T.40.1 crore from the electricity consumers. shops cost T.21 crore and government buildings and schools cost T.52 lakh.
The statue was inaugurated by the Chief Guest, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar and the flag was hoisted by the former Chief of KSU, Bah Daniel Khyriem in the presence of the dignitaries. Dr DRL Nonglait, President of the Khasi Authors' Society, elders from Sohra village and KSU youth from other branches of the state.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has allocated funds in 2016 to open Trauma Centers in these three places but the preparations for the tender have not yet been completed. It is only for Tura, while for Shillong and Nongpoh nothing has been done.
Even if there is a sense of frustration, people are always interested in the right way of working.
Shylla said the MSWC has the authority to hear, but how can the Chairperson of the commission appeal to the Governor without taking the hearing from both sides? The Chairperson shall be appointed only on the complaint of one party, the opposition.
Regarding the NOC, if the Central Government does not issue a proper written statement on this road, they will not be able to issue the NOC. The Central Government should understand this and the State Government should to pay attention to because it is an extremely serious issue.
Commenting on the removal of the banners by the KSU, Thabah said, “It is surprising that in some areas where we live, the government is fighting to remove the banners and This is surprising to us when only the banners are removed, while other groups who are not from our community have removed the banners in Khyndai Lad but no one has removed them and they last for months. Your mar syn wah, mar syn weng.
India is a country of many ethnic groups and religions but these days, the wind of change has come from the speeches, from the deeds that are no longer beautiful, from the sad and divisive and this has brought something unpleasant to our country India.
Also present on the occasion were Sampat Kumar, IAS, Principal Secretary, Program Implementation and Evaluation Department, State Government and Ian Campbell, Olympian who represented Australia in the 1980 Olympics.
Shillong, July 11: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) on Tuesday decided to celebrate the 21st July 2021 as the anniversary of the founding of the state. Meghalaya to hold a mass protest in Shillong.
Shillong, November 26: A three-year-old child has gone missing from Mawsynram village on the 23rd of this month. .
This SMS has been sent to all Rangbah Shnongs to announce publicly in their villages.
It was also witnessed that these students, wearing uniforms made of borni and carrying guns made of wood, showed their physical skills by following the sound of the ksing. .
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Garo Hills District today imposed a curfew in Mahendraganj village after a protest by the people of Mahendraganj village. and damaged many vehicles.
Regarding the salary, the Minister said that until the central government sends the money, the government cannot do anything but they have to wait. at this public meeting.
Aibila Kharbani of Garri Khana said that the youth had followed her and asked her to take him to a shelter.
After the owner of the land moved to East Pakistan, the Government of India in 1950 passed the Evacuee Property Management Act.
The vehicle had a vehicle pass and it was written on the pass that it was a vehicle used at the Corona Care Center. take this car too.
Mawlai Police Station has taken the children for medical examination and handed them over to the children's home on Saturday.
Shillong, March 28: U Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Chairman of the Legislative Assembly of Jaintia Hills, and Spokesperson, Bah John F Kharshiing, on Tuesday said that the suspension of several Dolloi in Jaintia Hills. He said that he has been talking to the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills District Councils for many years now and all these complaints are because until today the District Councils of Khasi and Jaintia Hills Hills have not fulfilled their duty to In all 54 Himas/Elakas in Khasi Hills, 18 Dolloi Elaka, one Sirdarship in Jaintia Hills and 1400,000 Nokmas in Garo Hills.
It is reported that there are many elephants in the area.
However, on the other hand, he said that the HNYF will not recognize Hynniewtrep and will not recognize Khasi.
It was also necessary for the villagers especially in the fields to have guns according to the permission of the government which they used to give to protect their crops.
Most of these dirt roads are connected to the National Highway-4
Before the arrival of the coal factories in Narpuh, coal was mined 40 years ago. In February 2007, the Lukha River suddenly turned blue from the bottom. and the Lunar River to Bangladesh.
On his behalf, PK Mishra, Director, Maithan Alloys Limited congratulated the NSSO(FOD) for organizing such an important meeting and requested all the factories to send their applications on time. payment.
The question we ask the government is “What is the government doing about those places where foreigners are illegally occupied in Them Metor, Polo Sawfurlong and so on?” When these illegal occupants of these foreigners, the government instead of destroying or destroying these places, it gives protection while the owners of the state goes to destroy and destroy their houses and it is clear. that the government has sent to demolish these areas without any order and has been attacking and destroying the houses of the state residents.
Jowai, Nailur 13: The month-long exhibition of traditional costumes and music organized by the District Society for Arts and Culture at the District Level has ended today at the District Library Auditorium, Mynthong, Jowai.
Shillong, July 17: Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Media Center for Journalists at the Legislative Wing of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) said: He said that the media should not take sides.
On this occasion, the Minister said that the PWD should look into the roads which are dangerous such as the stones on the side of the road.
ECI Icon PankajTripathi with dignitaries like Anil Kapoor, Sidharth Malhotra, R.Madhavan, SubodhBhave, ProsenjitChatterjee, Mohanlal, Kapil Bora, Suriya, GippyGrewal, Shubman Gill, Harshal Patel, IzvedivyerChandhrey, Harshal they are the The video of this song is about the 'Value of One Vote.
The Deputy Commissioners in charge of the disputed areas have also been directed to talk to the Deputy Commissioners of Assam from time to time to fight for peace and order.
Kubma is a Khasi-Pnar community with about 4000 kurs and this will be the synjuk that will take the lead in looking after the welfare of the kurs.
Tura, Naitung 10: The Meghalaya government has set a target to train 7500 youths and other youths. This is the easternmost part of India.
The Sordar of Ryngud, Bah Edmund Khongsya, said that in preparation for the celebration of the Jubilee of the village, the village has decided to hold a Beach Festival in which the residents of the village have taken part. jngi, volleyball, sword throwing and others, said the Sordar.
In the men's 75 kg category, Pynskhemborlang Marngar from West Khasi Hills won the title and Olivia Dkhar from West won the women's category. Jaintia Hills in the weight of 60 kg.
Lotsing Sangma from East Garo Hills district spoke about the support of the Government which has enabled him to expand his sohtrun business where he has earned more money.
When the government imposed a curfew in the border areas which ended recently last month, the Dy CM who is also our MLA came and asked for the opinion of the village headmen.
All government offices were closed on this day and especially in Shillong which is the capital of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Lamphrang, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, wants to see that the use of modern powers in the Legislative Assembly during the tenure of the Legislative Assembly. In the current Budget Session, the distribution of documents has been significantly reduced as the relevant documents have been posted on the NEVA Website and on the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Website.
The meeting welcomed the opportunity to take action to prepare for the Special Dorbar Ri on 13 February 2013 which will bring the honor and reputation of the entire nation and especially of the Hima Khadsawphra/Nongkhlaw.
Dr Mukul has urged all the MLAs of the state as only the MLAs who will vote to elect the MP to the Rajya Sabha should support the Congress candidate Kennedy Khyriem. Meghalaya has been elected to the Rajya Sabha.
In this regard, the Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh has sent a notice to all the faithful of the Catholic Church in the Diocese of Shillong to clarify that the Fiduciary Supplicants without changing the original law of the Sacrament of Confirmation in the Catholic Church and the prayer of the Priest does not mean that he approves or encourages their practice (homosexuals).
Dr Jitendra Singh said as the Minister in charge of DoNER, he is pleased to announce that the state of Mizoram has been able to host this meeting.
Facilities include a research center that plié opportunities for interdisciplinary research, with a view to promoting it as a center of skills in medicinal plant cultivation activities throughout the region.
In addition, these trainees also receive financial assistance from the DBF as well as from local beneficiary groups for the purchase of suhjain.
The winners of the junior category were Wanbok Warjri (Mawkneng), second prize Marbakordor Warjri (Siejiong), third prize Mebanshngain Warjri (Siejiong) and Graceful joy Warjri. Stella Warjri (Sohryngkham) won the first place, Cynthia Warjri (Upper Shillong) and Iaphira Warjri (Mawkneng) won the fourth place.
The pass must contain the name, rank of employee of the office and the pass must be stamped with the government seal and the pass must be issued only for one day and the time of pass. It will be open from 9 am to 8 pm.
To preserve the water wells, the Prime Minister urged the people to preserve the forests in the areas where there are water wells and this scheme will be the last to get water. there is no need for forests to have water sources.
Furthermore, the union demanded that the Government should not remain silent but should take action to curb crime and illegal activities on the border to protect our fellow citizens from such attacks.
The Common University Entrance Test (CUET) Under Graduate (UG) will be conducted by the National Test Agency (NTA). This CUET-UG will be the first time that the NTA will conduct this examination. .
On the other hand, the FKJGP, besides submitting a petition on the Citizenship (Amendment) Bills, 2016, has also held a protest to express to the members of the JPC that the Citizenship (Amendment) Bills, The party is against the bill proposed by the central government.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Thursday demanded that the State Government should release the marks obtained by the candidates before they go to the Walk-in-Interview. In a letter sent to the Director of Health Services (DHS), the Chairman of the KSU-Employment Monitoring Cell, Samla Reuben Najiar, said that the KSU is concerned about the allegations of the protesters. Applicants for the post of Staff Nurse will be according to the vacancy announcement issued on 06/03/2024 by the DHS, Shillong.
On the other hand, the union through Chanky Shylla General Secretary Ladrymbai Unit and Samla Kyrshan Dkhar President Khliehriat Town Unit have suggested to the Traffic Cell Department to curb the traffic jam in the district headquarters and Ladrymbai market. which issues the command.
Through the implementation of this road, it has caused many problems to the people such as government employees, parents who come to school and also to many schools and government offices.
On the KHNAM side, Bah Latiplang Kharjongor received the Trade and Enforcement Award.
The welcome ceremony for foreigners will be held from the 20th of this month at Lengpui Airport.
Shillong, Lber 17: Two civil society organizations from Mawlai, the FKJGP and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today surprised the government by standing at the gate of the Legislative Assembly to hold placards. They demanded the opening of the Mawlai C&RD Block which was promised in 2016 in the Budget Session.
In a statement sent to the media on Tuesday, the President of the party, Bah Stevenson Raymond Khyriem, said that if it were for the Khasi, the police would have arrested them even in the middle of the night. He also accused the Government of discriminating against the Harijans.
Neng said the claim of some opponents that about 90 hectares of land will be flooded is not true because the project is a running dam and not a stock dam. .
In this regard, the KHADC has scheduled a meeting on the 29th of this month to find solutions to the problems of the residents.
The Kyrbei is an endangered species and the police will hand over the animal to the Wildlife Department and at the same time the police will investigate. and this work.
Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, President FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle said that the leaders and members of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle said that the leaders and members of the FKJGP cannot refuse to come out themselves to repair the road. Shu listen and don't sit idly by when the people of Nong Shong Shnong come and go as leaders from time to time.
(b) A Dkhar shall not have the right to become a member of the Executive Dorbar or Village Dorbar within any village of the Syiemship.
In a statement sent to the media on Saturday, Bah Nongrum said that the issuance of the advertisement by the Police Department for the 2938 posts has been postponed from the 1st to the 8th. The Upper Age Limit for the post of Constable is 21 years and 27 years for the post of Sub Inspector.
Payments through RUPAY increased from T 8 billion before demonetisation to T 57.3 billion in November, 2018 for PoS and from T 3 billion to T 27 billion during the e -commerce.
“However, the Khasi-Pnar people can still know where we come from, because we have been given special protection under the Constitution of India through the Sixth Schedule which is a protection,” he said.
Mairang, July 20: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the elections to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya. The provisions of the RP Act 1951, the IPC and any decisions or orders of the Supreme Court and High Courts as well shall be implemented immediately.
The Search and Rescue Team, the State Disaster Response Force, the Sohra Police Station with the assistance of the residents, worked hard from morning till afternoon on Tuesday. January 2024 until all the bodies trapped below can be found.
We have seen that the government encourages the people to farm fish and also provides schemes to build fish ponds. When asked about this, Kong Mawlong said that there are schemes of the state government and there are also federal schemes.
The AdventuRes team has left for Dawki to meet with the BSF troops who are deployed in the area to protect the Indian border in parts of Meghalaya. to the BSF troops who have surrendered for the sake of the country.
“When the 21Law Commission in 2018 expressed its view that the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code is not necessary or desirable at this time, therefore, what is the urgency of the The Central Government wants to implement the UCC,” said the petition.
After the closure of colleges and schools in the state since October.
After receiving the three month budget by the House, the Speaker of the House, Bah PN Syiem, concluded the session.
It is self-sufficient with a solar plant, water treatment plant, water recycling facility, 100 acre of water habitats and other amenities that help maintain of nature.
Shillong, March 24: The supporters of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today celebrated the victory of their candidate Bah Balajied Kupar Synrem in the counting of votes for the first time.
Those who are firmly established on a good foundation.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: For unknown reasons, a mob today burnt down the vehicles of a road construction company in Byrnihat.
The construction of the famous monument in the name of Patel was the initiative of the Chief Minister of the state, Narendra Modi.
Other people follow the rules and regulations laid down by the government, and if these 41 people do not count, it means that the hard work of others is in vain.
Shillong, July 22: The Awaken India Movement (AIM) today held a march from Motphran to Bijoy, Raino, Civil Hospital, IGP, Kashari and ended at Khyndaitlad. people came to take part.
He said the country has witnessed positive and promising practices through the cooperation of all sectors of society to show solidarity in this struggle.
One death has been reported from West Garo Hills District, bringing the total number of deaths to 1566, with the highest number of deaths from East Khasi Hills District 1063 so far.
Nongpoh, Nailar 08: The construction of the 4 lane lading road is progressing slowly to complete, but sadly, some parts of the road have collapsed. I don't have any time.
All employers are urged to obtain permission from the office of the DC and SDO civil in Sohra and this will start from the 10th of this month. and they shall be punished according to the law.
The names of those coal miners who have appeared in the media who have stolen their lives are Omar Ali of Magurmari, West Garo Hills; Mezamur Islam of Phesiakandi of Rajabala,West Garo Hills; Bogidar Muslim Mosque, Chirang, Assam ; Amir Hussain of Apdaguri, Chirang, Assam; Saiar Islam of Khoyarsala, Chirang, Assam; Shirapat Ali of Magurmari, West Garo Hills; Mozid SK of Magurmari, West Garo Hills; Raziul Islam of Magurmari, West Garo Hills; Md.Samsul Haque of Bhangnabari, Nalbari Assam; Chal Dkhar; Dkhar and Nilam Dkhar from Lumthari village, East Jaintia Hills District.
We demand that NHAI and GR Infra should install more speed-breakers and road signals to prevent accidents”.
They are Process T Sawkmie, Mayralborn Syiem, Congress, Shitlang Pale from TMC, Lambor Malngiang Ind and Renikton L Tongkhar from HSPDP. On the same day, the four MLAs will be welcomed to the party at a meeting to be held at the party office in Laitumkhrah. Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
Bah Kharjahrin said that if anyone goes to court, the rule of the government will be repealed because the rule cannot be outside the Act. and the demands for a strong law to protect the nation.
Speaking to media after the Budget Speech in the House, the Prime Minister said that the government will continue to implement the schemes of the government, and If there is a shortcoming on the part of the government, it will resolve those that cannot be resolved and those that have failed will be considered.
The award was distributed to all the students who passed the SSLC and HSSLC examinations. Five young men and women were also honored who have brought fame and glory in various sports. that of them.
The meeting with the EE of PHE was after the union received a complaint from the residents of Mynso-B' village regarding the issuance of NOC by the Rangbah Shnong to another person. Decision within the Village Committee and to issue NOC to the Village Council to implement the scheme. After PHE, the Rangbah Shnong has issued another NOC for the same work elsewhere by ignoring the decision of the Dorbar Shnong.
The investigation revealed that these people voluntarily went to the farm because there is a farm house and it is not far from the village. deed.
Three grams of heroin were seized from him.
In such circumstances, the Election Authority shall not have the authority to review any work done before the announcement of the date of the election.
The Standard Operating Procedure has been introduced and implemented by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare from 2nd June,
He said that his wish is to get a district and the discussion is for Sohra and Mairang to get districts.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Kharpran said that the announcement for the elections has been made and if the dam closure continues, they will suspend it but if it is released, they will hold elections. Behold, it shall not be established, for it is the time of renewal.
The reopening of the market after three months of closure due to the COVID-19 pandemic will be tomorrow morning only for those shops with the letter “A” followed by those shops with the letter “A” don't have a “B" and don't have a “C"
On the 14th of this month at 8:40 pm, the Cantoment Beat House Police received a tip from Shillong Sadar PS that at 5:45 pm a body was found in Boucher. Road, Shillong.
UHM sends its condolences to the families of those who were injured in the attack and wishes them a speedy recovery, said the president of UHM. in a statement sent to the media.
The JCCRP said that they would like to write to the JCCRP before sending it to the Expert Committee and they said that if we issue too many statements it may lead to confusion and misunderstanding of the demands.
The Seng has raised the issue of idolatry and pollution of rivers and wells.
Regarding this question, the Commissioner and Secretary of the Political Department said that if there is any desire to lodge a complaint, the complaint should be sent to Bah R Rapthap Secretary of the Political Department. the Local Government.
The markets of Smit, Mawhati, Lyngkyrdem, Pynursla, Tyrso, Mawlasnai, Mawryngkneng, Sohryngkham, Bhoirymbong, Maroit, Nongrum, Nongrum, , Raid Marwet, Umdohlun, Umsning, Nongpoh, and Partharkhmah, Jowai/Iawmusiang, Sohra, Sohiong, Sohiong, Sutnga, Rymbai, Muktapur, Sohiong, Sohiong , Shella, Balat, Mawsynram, Mawdon, all these have been affected by the ban on the slaughter of cows.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club today, Prof. Lakhon to clarify the VC's statement on the appointment of a secretary inside the school as accepted by the VC. He said that the appointment of Rohit Prasad is illegal without following the rules and regulations of NEHU. He said that the explanation of the VC is unfounded. They will continue to demand that the VC should remove Rohit Prasad without delay.
Strawberry saplings will also be up on sale.
Despite the shortage of staff, the people in this government department are fighting to stop the people by arresting them from time to time and punishing them according to the law.
On the allegation against the current prime minister that he has gone abroad, Dr Mukul should not forget that during his tenure as prime minister he has also gone abroad and demanded that he go abroad to find out.
This year, T.25 crore has been allocated as special assistance to the state to promote economic development in the state.
On the same day, Bah Raphael Warjri, one of the prominent artists of the state, was honoured and Bah SK Sun, owner of Rangdajied Sport Club, was also honoured.
The Deputy Secretary has lodged an FIR against Daniel N Sangma on the report sent by the Crime Investigation Department and the Anticorruption Branch of the State Government. , Accounts Officer, in charge of the office of the Executive Engineer, PHE, said that the officer demanded money from the contractors to release their bills.
When asked, he said, “They are all over Khasi Jaintia and Garo and I can say that about 15 percent of them are (rngai schools).
He said that they have already sent a letter to all the 36 MLAs of Khasi Jaintia Hills to look into the issue of the Roster System to bring to the Special Session.
Shillong, Lber 11: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem today said that they will not allow the mining of uranium in the state within the boundary of the KHADC. He said that the EC will not only talk about this but he will send a letter to the Central Government and also to the State Government to express his opposition. and uranium mining.
Real-Time RT PCR testing labs: 620 (Government: 386 + Private: 234).
Explaining about the program to connect farmers working in smallholder farming, Myntri Rangbah Duh spoke about FPOs and cooperative groups such as PACs. they are a big part of life in rural India.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The construction of the Super Market at Sohra Market has resumed and many of the residents want to see that the market will be completed so that the residents can use it.
Shillong, March 15: Teachers of the All Meghalaya Deficit School Teachers Association (AMDSTA) today met with the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui to discuss their issues. of teachers.
The bags containing the sugar were handed over to the Police for further investigation.
On the 19th of March, the match will continue between Mawthoh vs Kharsohnoh, Ningspung vs Marboh, Songthiang vs Thangkhiew, Rynjah vs Mylliemngap.
“We are here to preserve, to preserve our snap as a nation,” said Bah Paul.
Shillong, July 10: U Bah CB Syiem, former MDC and CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) along with his followers and hundreds of supporters. The reception was held at the Umbuda Village Sports Ground, Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has declared the 17th of Nailar as a 'BLACK DAY' across the country. , flag raising ceremony or public meetings so that the heritage and history of the nation will live Pateng Pakit.
He said the BJP has only one goal and that goal is to bring about economic development in the country and the region as a whole.
Currently, 3.2 kilos of 'Karimunda' can be produced from one tree which is a total production of more than 10,000 kilos of sohmarit per annum.
Speaking on the occasion, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, said that it is true that one of the prisoners has escaped today. they shall soon be caught.
He said that through the financial assistance of the Asian Development Bank, the school is fortunate and will be able to improve education in the area not only in the stream and even in the college.
When the first well collapsed, a complaint was lodged but the police did not take any action against the company and now for the second time the well has collapsed again after heavy rain.
While there is a need for a special national fund to carry out the necessary activities such as in these times of crisis such as the COVID-19 pandemic and to assist those in crisis, the public charitable trust known as ka'
The Minister of Home Affairs said that many of the decisions taken today in the Cabinet are the laws that the government will introduce in the House in the Synrai Session which will start tomorrow.
The BSF has handed over these vehicles, personnel and sugar to the Kostom at Dawki for further investigation and action against these smugglers.
He said that the state has a lot of opportunities to produce milk.
The seeds to be encouraged will be Oyster, Button and Shiitake and the cost for this project will be T.50 crore for the next five years.
He also encouraged them to make good use of the talents that the Creator has given them, at the same time he urged them not to forget about education.
The Budget Session will last 18 days and 12 days will be allocated for government business and 6 days will be allocated for the opposition if they have anything to bring in the House. interact.
Recently, in a meeting with the Director, the KSU learned that the applicants from the state have received examination centers in Shillong, Guwahati, Jorhat and Delhi.
Shillong, November 08: The Hynniewtrep People's Front (HPF) has held a meeting with the Syiem of Raid Tyrso and the Rangbah Shnongs of the border area of ​​Ri Bhoi District. Riad and the Rangbah Shnongs have agreed not to issue NOCs anymore.
Police have expressed their gratitude to the people who have cooperated with the police in this operation against drug traffickers in East Jaintia Hills District.
In this match, the men of Shillong Lajong have done well from the beginning of the match.
Shillong, July 29: The MeECL has sent a petition to the Meghalaya State Electricity Regulatory Commission (MSERC) to request the Commission to grant permission to increase the electricity tariff.
There are 7 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 6 from East Khasi Hills and 1 from Ri Bhoi. The total number of recoveries has risen to 83299 so far.
The CEM of KHADC said that this Act does not prohibit anyone from marrying a person whom they have a love affair with, but this Act does not prohibit anyone from marrying a person of another race. long that they lose their Rit paid character.
This is part of the celebration of Children's Day and at the same time to open the Shillong Literary Festival which is also part of the Cherry Blossom Festival
On June 20, 2022, a total of T 57,847 crore was disbursed through 9.58 lakh payments and between 4 and 5 pm, nearly T 8,000 crore was disbursed through 88,000 payments.
The residents of this area are now asking what has happened to this bridge which the residents have been waiting for. The Madan and Shella areas will be rebuilt.
It was reported in the House that the LCS is no longer operational, but the Government of India and the Government of Bangladesh have talked to improve the LCS and recently the State Government through the Ministry of Industry has approved the LCS. Shillong, June 19: Khliehriat Police Station has received a complaint from a girl that her boyfriend has posted a video which she sent to the LCS. my young man as he asked.
On the other hand, the BJP in the state has urged Bah Pala to refrain from politics and at the same time has urged him to work with the present central government for the sake of bringing about The Congress government in the past five years has not done anything.
In accordance with the powers conferred by Clause (I) of Article 174 of the Constitution of India, the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, has issued an order to hold the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly. 16th June 2024 from 10:00 pm.
Shillong, November 17: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) today held a protest across the North East and in Meghalaya by the KSU in Shillong and in Tura by the GSU. This is to convey to the Central Government that the students' organizations in the region demand that the ILP should be implemented in all the states.
“I have been directed to inform you that the UGC has taken a decision on the request to allow the colleges. in the state to accept admissions as in the past and do not need to take the CUET for the year 2024-2
We dream of all races, even when we walk alone.
During the meeting, both the Chief Ministers decided to continue the talks to resolve the border dispute between the two states. Today's meeting will lay the foundation for reaching the goal of the border settlement issue through dialogue and understanding.
Shillong, Naitung 21: BSF troops at Pyrdiwah in East Kahsi Hills District today arrested smugglers of sarees from Pyrdiwah in East Kahsi Hills District.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Khliehriat Circle led by its President Bah Livingson Dkhar Sama met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh during her visit to Khliehriat on the 15th of this month. January 29, 2023.
Answering a supplementary question, the Chief Minister said that there is no rule for selecting these two Smart Towns, but they are the urban areas of the two oldest areas in the country. state.
Shillong, Lber 21: The BSF has convinced Dikki M Sangma, one of the leaders of the GNLA, to come and surrender and live a life like his fellow citizens. village.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The EC today decided to amend the existing laws to detect and prevent the spread of drug trafficking. the illegal entry of foreigners within the boundary of the District Council.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Umsning Circle on Tuesday night arrested several Mynder who were sitting in a truck and were trying to enter the city. into the State.
The opposition is ready to bring before the House regarding the peace and order in the state, many allegations against the MDA government and the MDA government is also ready to respond if The discussion in the Legislative Assembly will start tomorrow.
The second ball match will continue on the 29th October 2016 between Khongsngi Kur Marbaniang, Thongni Kur vs Mawthoh Kur and Kur Sun vs Rynjah Kur.
C Wankhar, one of the EC members, said that the Seng and the fish vendors have decided to meet the Commissioner of Food Safety today to get a detailed explanation. Then they will see what is necessary to do.
The financial assistance will range from T.10,00,00 to T.2.40 lakh per household.
On this occasion, Bah Sanbor said that he has already donated 100,000 rupees to the party and today he will donate 100 rupees from his salary and urged everyone to remember to pray. when you sleep in the morning.
They have taken steps to ensure that children do not miss out on learning.
The unity of a nation is based on longkur longjait, so this nation is different from other nations around us.
At the same time, the CEM said it is up to the land owners whether they want to register with the District Council or the Revenue Department of the state government.
He said that the Dorbar Shnongs are fighting but how much can they do.
The Rangbah Shnong in his speech said that the HYC Nongkwar unit has taken the right steps through the spraying of pesticides in the village.
This certification is to ensure that the advertisement (i) does not mislead the public, and (ii) complies with all the rules, including those set out in Article 7 of the Cable Television Networks Rules, 1994 and the Standards of Journalistic Conduct of the Press Council of India.
He said to avoid corruption, the people should elect people who have the basis to serve the people and the people should understand that because they are the ones who will decide.
For ITC Cementation India Ltd.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister explained to the Prime Minister that a delegation from Meghalaya will leave for Bangladesh in November and this visit is to promote trade. between Meghalaya and Bangladesh.
Those who wish to learn to sing will also receive training from the coaches and judges of the competition.
July 13: According to the Economic Survey 2022-23, about 65% of the country's population lives in rural areas and 47% of the population depends on agriculture for income.
The tournament, which will end on November 1, was organized by the Meghalaya Boxing Association in collaboration with the Boxing Federation of India and supported by the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government.
He said that he has not yet owned the land but they are living there.
Answering a question regarding the parking of vehicles to transport voters on polling day, the Chief Election Commissioner said that political parties are prohibited from parking vehicles to transport voters. to voters on polling day, political parties cannot do that.
Earlier, only about 10 years ago, Assam used to border only to Moojem and Moolber, but now we see that these two villages of Assam don't know how to mushlia because it has proved that these two villages. These lands have fallen under Assam even though they have not yet fallen under Assam.
Shillong, March 23: Jiten Nath, 43, of Byrnihat Police Station has arrested Jiten Nath, 43, for allegedly stabbing Leson Teron at 22-Miles Byrnihat in Ri Bhoi District.
The PAHAL scheme was launched on 15th November, 2014 initially in 54 districts.
Shillong, Nailur 03: There are 21 cases of COVID-19 positive in East Khasi Hills District and 18 cases in East Khasi Hills District. , Ri Bhoi 1, South West Garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills
Adelbert said he wants to have cooperation between the ethnic groups without joining hands with NEDA, but to work together with other ethnic groups in Meghalaya.
In this regard, the Riti Academy has developed a plan to prepare a sawangka to spread the message of durim and in turn, durim will promote sawangka.
The theme of the MPHRC's campaign is “My Voice Count” which means “My Voice has been counted”. to participate in public service activities in the community.
Bah Daiaman Langstang translated the speech from English into Khasi, Dr. Shyamal Mandal and several students from the university took part in the public explanation.
Hunmon Huwa President, Emlang Gympad Vice President, Dapoimi Khyriem General Secretary, Pynshnain Dkhar Organizing Secretary, Frankie Suppoh Publicity Secretary and 11 office bearers were also elected. This is according to a statement sent by Bah Emdor Buam, Spokesperson of the party.
Khliehriat, Iaiong 08: The FKJGP Bataw Unit would like to thank the district authorities for increasing the number of food and beverage delivery points in the border areas during this lockdown.
On the 5th there will be speeches by the farmers to raise the issues they are facing and also their suggestions to the government so that it will be of benefit to the farmers of the state as a whole.
Furthermore, the union does not agree with the MeECl not to provide electricity to them because if it does, it means providing electricity to the illegal residents.
Shillong, June 30: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA of Jirang Constituency from the National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday said, “I am not against the construction of roads. parts of Balakhawa which falls under Ri Bhoi District.
Ed training of the 1st batch.
“Similarly, Sesame Workshop India has collaborated with the Social Welfare Department to conduct Learn Play Grow in four districts of Meghalaya.
There are two parts that cause air pollution.
About 2,000 players from 188 countries will take part, the largest number in the history of the Chess Olympiad.
On behalf of the country as a whole, she commended the efforts of the Election Commission, its officers and personnel in charge of this work, other officials involved in the management and monitoring of the election campaigning and voting.
The Cabinet also approved the amendment to the Meghalaya State Victims Compensation Scheme. , anyone who has been raped is now eligible for assistance.
West Jaintia Hills won 14 medals including 4 gold, 8 silver and 2 bronze.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 558 people have tested positive for COVID-1 The total number of cases is
The party also calls upon the people, government authorities, Dorbar Shnongs and others to work together to solve the current problems in the society from unemployment among the youth to eradication of poverty.
The Income Tax Department on the 2nd of this month raided the area and seized T.2 crore hidden in syntax water. , the office has also seized many documents related to this case.
The four victims were tied up and thrown into a river where they were found on Thursday and this was reported to the police. that they may do what is right.
In East Jaintia Hills District, the districts include Umkiang, Lumshnong, Khliehriat and Lad Rymbai.
After testing, 77 grams of marijuana was confirmed.
“We request the department to punish the violators,” said Bah Synrem.
This was announced by Samla Dusterwell K. Lyngdoh, Finance Secretary, KSU Umdohlun Circle.
The CSWO said that the complaint has been lodged since 2012 and what the police say cannot be accepted.
There were also many shootings of Khasi at Nongmensong, Rilbong, 4th Furlong and elsewhere.
He also compared the state where he came from, Kerala, and said that this state sends people all over the world to work. and many that are wise.
The total number of COVID-19 positive cases in the state has risen to 96420, the number of recoveries has risen to 94706, the death toll has risen to long according to the statistics prepared by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Regarding the increase in Benami in the State, the KSU has urged these two District Leaders to curb the increasing trafficking in the State by foreigners in the name of foreigners. The State has implemented the Benami Transaction (Prohibition) Act 1988 and the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Regulation Act
At present, Meghalaya has only one venue for the National Eligibility Test at Qualapatty and that examination was held only in November.
Also present at the tournament were the Village Authority of Wahthapbru, Bah Jop Rymbai Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong and other elders from other villages.
She also spoke about the problems faced by the hospital staff from time to time.
The competition was held in two phases, the first phase was for only those Graduate Engineers who numbered only about 44 students from different parts of the state and the second phase was for all the employees of Graduate Engineers. MeECL, who took part in the meeting were 60 people.
Half an hour into the match, Sawmer counterattacked following a Nongthymmai free-kick and Lamshaphrang Kurbah delivered a through ball for Rheadolf, who timed his run perfectly behind two defenders.
At the same time, he urged the youth that it is time for the youth to come forward and take part in the Khadar governance so that they can build the future of the country in the right direction. Kiang Nangbah Govt College, which has been in existence for 50 years, has been providing services in all aspects especially in education, health and employment opportunities,” he said. which provides education to all the youth of Jaintia Hills, but sadly the college is not complete until today.
Shillong, July 11: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the government has decided to continue the curfew in East Khasi Hills District, while in other districts shops have been allowed to open. there is work up to 20%.
The Ministry has organized the International Day of Yoga-2022 (IDY-2022) at the Parade Ground, Secunderabad, Telangana on July 21,
Shortly after, the leaders of the kurs will present their views at another meeting to be held at Maitshaphrang.
Regarding the case registered at Mawlai Police Station on the murder of Arjun Ray, the SP (City) said that Gary Rinaldy Mawlieh is involved in three other cases. misdemeanor cases in which charges were filed against him in two cases.
The social agreement shall be prepared before submission to the Dorbar Shnong.
BSF troops also arrested a Bangladeshi named Nasir Miya, 35, while he was entering India, according to the Company Commander of BSF 193 Battalion.
The event also has a section on inviting people to join hands and lead this public work by becoming Swachhata Ambassadors.
In comparison, the USA has 813, Brazil 805, France 780, Spain 955, the UK 846 and Italy has 888 deaths per million inhabitants).
At this meeting, the party asked Conrad to talk to the Chief Minister of Assam and NEDA Chairman Himanta Biswa Shama on the demand for KJDC in Assam.
At the invitation of Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice President, Prime Minister and Minister of Defense of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, I will address the World Government Summit. in Dubai on 14 June 2024.
He also urged that if there is any problem, please contact the District Council authorities.
On the other hand, the Army said that if you have any questions, please contact the Deputy Commissioner's Office of the I Division or at their headquarters. If you are in Shillong, please call 0364-2
I believe that the Nari Shakti Vandan Adhiniyam will be a tool for the empowerment of women.
Two jerseys were released, one for the home match in Blue and the other for the away match in Stem.
Shillong, Naitung 04: U Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik today wrote a letter to Union Home Minister Amit Shah regarding the suspicious death of two persons from Dimapur. Nagaland, Rosy Sangma and Samuel Sangma in Gurugram.
The intention is to introduce the bill again in the session which will start on the 9th of this month.
It is usual in the party congress that the leading working group holds office until a new working group is formed, but unfortunately the MPYC has been dissolved. Shillong, November 03: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 22 people have tested positive for COVID-1 Today, 17 cases were confirmed in East Khasi Hills and 2 cases in East Garo Hills.
On this issue, the Minister in charge replied that he will not promise anything on this issue but promised to bring this issue to the desk of the Chief Minister. Conrad K Sangma also to the DC's office to direct to look into the requirements for the construction of the new block.
Jowai, Jymmang 05: The deterioration of the NH 44 from Jowai to Malidor has caused traffic jams and theft of porleit porwan. parts of the road are long.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the HYC, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that the HYC has brought forward 12 issues. to give advice.
The National President said that the NPP, which is the party from this region, has decided to work for the North East as a whole and urged the people of Manipur to ensure that this Cornad said that the election in Manipur has given the party the opportunity to serve the people of the state and as it is now. Manipur wants a new government and that is the NPP and urges the people to support the NPP party.Shillong, Naiaiweng 22: To make it easier for passengers between Shillong and Guwahati The Highway Authority of India has started construction of two more toll plazas in the 20 Mer area.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Friday celebrated its Martyr's Day in honor of its leaders and members who have died. to fight against the invasion and oppression of India.
Police said that he committed suicide by hanging himself at 7.30 pm at his residence which is a government building near Lady Keane College Shillong. Police on receiving the information rushed to the scene.
From all the history and official documents it is clear that these areas are Hynniewtrep areas which used to fall under the Jowai Civil Subdivision.
The powers of the Governor to enact the Regulations, 1952 are contained in clause (b) of sub-paragraph (1) and sub-paragraph (3) of Paragraph 19 of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India. “(1) (b) the Governor may make arrangements for the sake of peace and order for any area and if there is an amendment, it shall be made by introducing an amendment in Parliament, or by the Legislative Assembly of the State shall pass the laws in force, but all laws made for the purpose of coming into force in those areas under clause (b) of section (1) shall be sent to the President. , until the president has given his approval, they will not work.
(1) of the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act
He said that the government is taking more action to hold festivals as employment opportunities for the youth.
If we want to end the problems of the jaidbynriew, there is no other way except if Hynniewtrep really gets the supreme power or that “SOVEREIGNTY” which will free our country from the oppression of society, gets the court and the rule of law.
Police have registered a case and are conducting a thorough investigation to identify those involved.
Shillong, Lber 12: Members of the KSU UMsning today arrested three persons who intended to come to Meghalaya to work in violation of the Inter-State Migrant Workers Act KSU Umsning Circle.
Besides these areas, the people of Madanryting, Happy Valley, Mawshabuit and so on have been affected. and that the people of the area will continue to face these same problems”.
It was seen that every time, while the festival was far away, many people talked about God.
Furthermore, the union demands from the government and the leaders this session to “demand from the central government to bring a resolution in parliament to declare that the uranium mining has been banned in our area”.
“The Government should talk to the NTA so that there should be no more chess, " added the party.
Also present on the occasion were Secretary General Leaningrad Tariang and Garland Shadap (Edn.
The party has demanded that the government should send a CBI inquiry into the corruption, such as Smartmeter, Khaw, the collapse of the Dome of the Legislative Assembly. and other groups and those investigative groups will disappear.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The BSF this month handed over about 50 cows to the BGB troops after they entered India on the Meghalaya border.
Shillong, Lber 10: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) on Tuesday said that the construction of the MMR Road to Nongrim Jirang village in Ri Bhoi District has been too slow and the road could collapse only during the rainy season. fine.
“We don't know why this happens and if all the doctors have to explain or tell us about this, I believe there will be no one to take medicine or not to drink medicine,” said AIM. AIM Meghalaya State Unit requests for a full explanation through the State Government and we have to ask the question on what is the main reason why school children have to take medicine when they go to school in good health. “The establishment of schools for us human beings is to go to school to get education, or should the school also be like a hospital that will have to treat patients?”.
The scheme has now provided assistance of up to T.5,30,000 per household.
Unless they move fast, we will not be able to move fast,” Chalai said in an interview with the media in response to a question on the complaint that the NEC in the last few years has not been able to bring forward projects. not new because of lack of money.
At the meeting, the KHNAM, UDP, HSPDP, VPP and INC expressed the need to review the Reservation Policy 1972 which is too old. taken to the streets and almost all of them are silent to discuss important issues," the statement said.
On the other hand, Bah Bobby also donated 50 large flower beds to beautify the village.
This letter was signed by the President of the Union of Village Elders of East Jaintia Hills District and the General Secretary of the Union of Village Elders of Jowai.
During the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, Prime Minister Duh urged the athletes and those who train them to encourage the children by visiting 75 schools and educational institutions in the country last year. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The Khasi Authors' Society (KAU) together with the Khasi Department of the North Eastern Hill University (KAU) have met with Dr WR Kharlukhi, Member of the Rajya Sabha to discuss the efforts to include the Khasi language in the Khasi language. the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Regarding the GPF of government employees which has been in existence since 1985, the government will abolish the old one and introduce a new one.
Prof Syiemlieh explained that the battle between Tirot Singh and the French was the Anglo Khasi War and not the Khasi War.
However, the members of the KSU will continue to stand firm to work and fight for the welfare of the people of Hynniewtrep, said Donald V. Thabah, General Secretary of the KSU in a statement.
Shillong, Nailar 05: Tens of thousands of people took part in the Silent Peace Rally organized by the Catholic Association Shillong today to pray for peace and stability in Manipur. .
MEPA also reminded that the media has an important role to play as well as various groups in conveying the voice of the people of the state.
Of the parties in the MDA government, only the UDP has proposed the name of Dr Jemino Mawthoh.
On the occasion of its fourth anniversary, Minister James Sangma visited 91.1 Mirchi and spoke on air as RJ Jamie.
World No Tobacco Day will be celebrated on 31st June, 2019 on the theme of Tobacco and Tobacco Health.
Shillong, Naitung 07: Leaders of the North Eastern Hills University Students Union (STU) on Thursday submitted a letter to the Minister in charge of Electricity, AT Mandal regarding the loadshading. Students who are not taking exams on these days.
The report prepared by the group on the incident is.
The inspection started in July this year, all of them were found to be 320. Initially, they were told to leave, but because they did not want to leave by the end of July this year, they were told to leave. started to arrest and so far 181 arrests have been made.
Further information can be obtained from the Sports Department of the State Government and applications can be submitted on or before the 31st of this month.
If you don't have a minister's opinion, you can't talk about it, but you don't have a conversation.
The Border Security Force (BSF) of the 110 Battalion on Thursday seized drugs packed in boxes and mobile phones worth 73 lakh tyngka. They have been smuggled into Bangladesh by smugglers from the border of East Khasi Hills District.
The President urged the members of the SHGs to continue to move forward and also to lead the way for other women.
“We remind you that the people should continue to comply from time to time with the Acts, Rules and Regulations issued by the Parliament because the State Governments have not. These Central Acts must be implemented and if they are not resolved, the Khasi customs and traditions will be destroyed.
His father's wish to bring a Civil Sub Division to Dalu has not been fulfilled for unavoidable reasons, but today what his father wanted has been fulfilled. the Horn.
The seven persons selected to receive assistance from the Rupang Poverty Committee are Phildaris Longsiang of Khwad, a disabled child, Poska Diengdoh of Baniun, who lost her husband and five others. Minit Kharthangkhaw of Phansawrang, Jinpor Kurbah of Weilyngkut and John Rani, 116, of Kutmadan. Sohra.
After the landing of the aircraft at this place, attempts were made to transport cargo from this airport to other airports and it was found that it was running smoothly and this shows that the aircraft The C-17 aircraft can carry people and at the same time be used in combat, according to a military source.
After the reopening of the economy, borrowing under PMMY resumed steadily.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: After winning 14 MDC seats in the JHADC, the Congress party has not yet elected its leader to be the CEM of the District Council.
The functions of the government offices under the jurisdiction of the Districts in the new District have been functioning properly and have brought peace to the people of the District.
On this occasion, Bah Hamarsing Marbaniang was elected as the President of the HYC, Bah Risai Majaw and Bah Overgrain Mawlong were elected as the Vice President, Bah Wanplielad L. Nongbsap was elected as the General Secretary and others were the office bearers of the HYC. organization.
Other beneficiaries, about 1200 residents of Lamalong and other villages like Sonidon, Mawbri Makaleng, Pamphlang, Umkra, and others will benefit from this high speed internet which will connect them with others. other parts of the country and pave the way for full economic development.
The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Bah T. Lyngwa was the chief guest. District Social Welfare Office and Block Development Office, Mawkyrwat.
Speaking on the healthy diet, she urged all the students to maintain a balanced diet and ensure that they eat about 5 types of food a day including carbohydrates, proteins, vegetables. dairy, dairy products, green vegetables.
Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) Chief Executive Officer (CEO) PK Boro has congratulated the staff of the Municipality, the SDRF team and the public who have worked hard to search for the body of Bah Marshall since Saturday until further notice today.
You have to understand that Meghalaya is the closest state to Bangladesh and from time to time there is illegal entry into our state without laws and regulations,” said Marngar.
The Departments of Health and Disaster Management Authorities in the States have been directed to work together to ensure that all the recognized hospitals in their jurisdictions take the following measures: conduct fire safety audit in all hospitals to understand compliance with regulations for fire safety.
The bottling plant was constructed at a cost of Rs 131.75 crore to serve Bhagalpur, Banka, Jamui, Araria, Kishanganj and Katihar in Bihar, along with the districts of Godda, Deoghar, Dumka, Sahibganj, and Pakur in Jharkhand.
He also spoke about the achievements of the state in terms of preservation of traditional culture.
Employees of the Local Election Department have left for Kamsing village by boat in Amlarem Constituency in West Jaintia Hills District as this village has no road except by boat to reach this village.
He said that the Council has not yet seen any documents issued by the Society as a No Objection Certificate since 2007-2
Referring to the demand for a Khasi Jaintia State by the late HSPDP leader Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, he said that initially they demanded a Hills State and they got it and now they demand Khasi Jaintia Land. , this is the difference, said Bah Shadap.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The MDA government has announced that it has allowed people to play any kind of sports, to go to the cinema, to drive vehicles. However, the most shocking thing is that people are allowed to go to playgrounds only for those who are in the city and surrounding areas like Phan Nonglait park. Formerly known as Lady Hydri Park, Nan Polok is located in the heart of Shillong.
Shillong, April 7 : The Mystery of the Cave is a book written by Dr Glenn C Kharkongor (Chancellor, MLCU) and translated into Khasi by Patricia Mukhim (Editor, The Shillong Times) with illustration by Careen J Langstieh (Associate Professor of Practice, Community Center for Arts, Craft and Culture, MLCU) and published by MLCU Press.
This road is used by the farmers of Iooksi Pyllun village together with the residents of neighboring villages for farming, carrying stone, shyiap and timber. The development of the residents of Iooksi area.
Claudia Lyngwa has been transferred as SP of East Khasi Hills District and replaced by Sylvester Nongtnger as SP of East Khasi Hills District.
Once the public knows about Bike Taxis, the Traffic Police and Enforcement Police will do their duty.
It is true that compared to 4% of workers in Germany and 1.7% in the UK, India has only 0.1% of workers who are apprentices.
At the same time, the Chief Minister has informed the people of the state that they should not have any anxiety as the government is still able to control the spread of the disease. The people should also follow the rules and regulations laid down by the government from time to time.
This shows that the present government of the State is an agent of the Mynder and the Government does not want to do anything for the people but is thinking day and night only how to deceive the seinpuh so that they can turn against the owner of the land. The introduction of the railway line and the misleading of the people in the name of development is just a made-up word because how can the indigenous people develop and develop when foreigners come? every day to make the people rich.
On the other hand, Bah Sanbor Shullai, in this letter, said that the SMB should provide water within two days and therefore he cannot file a PIL against the office. work of the government.
He said that many of the households in the village have to buy water at a very high price, up to T.2500 per month, T.2000 for water supply and T.500 for drinking water. They have to draw water from the wells of those land owners who have adequate wells.
Jowai, June 24: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) War Jaintia Region has expressed its deep sorrow and regret over the behavior of the Organizing Youth Federation (JYF) Samla Esterwis Ryngkhlem. The JYF and its leaders especially the president of the JYF, Samla Poipynhun Majaw.
“May the souls of those deceased heroes rest in peace, and may their names continue to inspire future generations to stand against injustice and being struck beiñ.
The Physical Efficiency Test will be conducted at two venues, on 17th October 2020 at Mawiong for the 1MLP battalion and on 23rd October 2020 at Georagre in Tura for the 2MPL battalion.
He said that the people should be united without any division so that it will become a truly great force on the part of the voters who should be vigilant not only on the money laundering. for personally without a long-term view over the next 5 years.
The Office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (EL), Mairang, West Khasi Hills will hold an Online Music Video and Short Video Clips Competition under the theme “Greater Participation for a Stronger Democracy” for the residents of 30-Mairang. (ST) Assembly Constituency and 31-Mawthadraishan (ST) Assembly Constituency.
Shillong, July 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today laid the foundation stone of the Tura Medical College at Doldegre, about five kilometers from Tura.
The writing on the letter is only being prepared and is only intended to begin the discussion.
Lambok Nongrang filed his nomination at 10 pm and Ioanis Lyngdoh at 2 pm.
To ensure that the ceremony will be held smoothly at all the venues, police have been deployed to ensure that there will be no incident during the entrance to the venues.
Shillong, Naitung 14: Two Bangladeshi nationals have been arrested by the BSF at Latangtilla in West Jaintia Hills District. you have received a hundred shekels of silver.
On the other hand, Bah John said that he would like to request you to convene the Dorbar Hima Mylliem, together with the Ministers and Kurs, Basan, Lyngdoh, Minister, Lyngskor, Lyngdoh Raid, Syiem Raid. , the longsan, the Rangbah Shnong, the village officials, and the “u khun u thousand” of the Hima to discuss the issue.
The Karbi-Anglong Social Agreement signed on 4th November, 2021 to resolve the long standing conflict in the Karbi areas of Assam.
KSU SWKH urges Bah Pynshngain Syiem, CEM and his EC that the KHADC should not issue NOC for this road which will be a threat to the future.
When the AR was issued by the CEM, Bah Latiplang went to the court to ask for the right to remove it without explaining, whether to amend paragraph 16 and sub paragraph ( a) but the EC has only approved the AR. How do they know that the EC cannot function according to the Sixth Schedule?
Ardent acknowledged that this is the issue that the VPP has put forward to demand from the Government and the party has followed up on this issue while others are not willing to do anything. The party who led the committee urged the government to set up this Expert Committee.
The donation of blankets by the Survey of India staff, who are only Khasi, was in the form of syiad blankets to 34 poor households who selected their colleagues and 2 blankets per household. currency.
Both the ministers promised to support cooperation between the two countries for the strengthening of cultural and human relations.
The “SVANidhi se Samriddhi” initiative , launched on July 4, 2021, aims to connect the families of the beneficiaries to five social and income schemes of the Government of India ,to promote inclusive economic growth.
Through the PM GatiShakti NMP, 11 terminals are under construction under the Inland Waterway Authority of India, the largest of which are Dhubri, Jogighoba and Pandubad Sadiya.
At this meeting, the Minister directed all the Deputy Commissioners and all the officers to be vigilant and to reach out to all the villages affected by the floods. storm in nature.
This is the gift that the people have given me and it is an honor for me that they will know this. I was elected as the Rangbah Shnong on 17July
The scheme is for the villages and organizations to sign a memorandum of understanding with the government to protect and maintain the water sources and the government will allocate funds for the construction of water sources and planting trees in them. water well.
Investigation revealed that the drugs were smuggled from Myanmar and intended to be sent to Bangladesh. Police have arrested a man in possession of these drugs after his confession. Police have arrested another person involved in the drug trafficking.
On the part of the SDO Mairang Civil Sub Division, Kong Lakiang, she said that she is pleased to have such a meeting and hopes that the construction of the market will go smoothly. The tender as announced by NERCoRMP and hopes that it will go ahead.
The demand for separation of Telengana from Andhra Pradesh is long standing and well founded. Even in Assam the demand for statehood is long but there is a difference between the state and the state. state of Assam.
Shillong, July 25: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh MDC of Jaiaw Constituency today inaugurated the CCTV cameras in Quallapaty Village under the MDC scheme. within the Constituency which has 12 constituencies.
In the incident, the Deputy Superintendent of Police (Dy.SP) was injured.
At the same time, to select players to represent East Khasi Hills District at the Meghalaya Games to be held this year in Tura, the EKHVBA invites everyone to come and take part in this tournament.
Rangkynsai Makdoh was also the CEM and Chairman of the KHADC in the past.
The works of man and the forces of nature.
Speaking as the chief guest , Bah Nehimaia congratulated the organization for having such an idea for the sake of the country and the nation through this voice The party will continue to move forward for the good of the Jaidbynriew.
Political parties or candidates are prohibited from hanging banners on streets or entrances.
This is also the third (3) Award that this young leader (Kitboklang Nongphlang) will receive from the government as in 2005-06 he received the first award.
Officers from Block Office, KVK, Agriculture, Branch Manager SBI, Jowai, officials from LPG Gas Agency and others informed the participants about various schemes of the Government.
Speaking at the meeting held at the Secretariat, the Minister said that Meghalaya has been affected by the presence of insurgents.
The transfer of Themiew Mawlong to the Government at that time was not done by the Hima Mylliem but by the ministers of the Hima Mylliem bypassing the kur and the office of the Syiem.
The reception will be held at the helicopter landing site in Upper Shillong where Air Marshal RK Sharma AVSM VM, Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Eastern Air Command, said in a statement.
Because of the work entrusted to him will be with the youth, in these years he has done many works to train the youth and he also holds meetings of religious organizations from time to time and from time to time. In 2000, the Government of Meghalaya awarded him the Meghalaya State Award for Social Service.
The Behdeinkhlam festival has brought about a cleanliness and cleanliness of the villages by cleaning up not only the houses, the houses, but also the roads in the villages. their.
At present, out of the 209 candidates, only 56 candidates have been employed and the rest are still waiting to be seen in various government departments.
Tympang Rymbai won the 1st Runner Up category in the women's category and Lionel Lamare won the 1st Runner Up category in the Men's category.
All the speakers on the occasion said that the death anniversary of Rajiv Gandhi is considered as a day to fight against terrorism in the country.
On the other hand , the Central Government has urged the State Governments to conduct the distribution of ration to the people in a manner that will make it easier for the people . The Central Government has allocated up to T. crore to run this business through computers, in distributing the quota of rice to the ration shops.
Replying to a question by Bah Gabriel Wahlang, the CEM said that it depends on the number of jobs issued by the Land Department. and others shall be appointed by the forest department according to the requirements.
The vaccine will be distributed to all those who are ready to become young from the age of 10 to 19 years to help them in getting a healthy body.
This is the beginning of the implementation of the scheme on the day the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma inaugurated it at Polo last year.
The provisions of the Ration Distribution Act were amended in 2009 and in this amendment it is clearly stated that all single women and single men who are over Those aged 60 years and above and those living with HIV should receive this food.
Prominent figures present on the occasion were the Danish Ambassador to India, Raja Karan Singh, Sir Mark Tully and others.
On the UDP's proposal, Tynsong said the MDA does not already exist and they can talk about it and they will talk about it.
Dr Mukul doesn't know anything about the Naga people. The Nagas themselves have declared a plebiscite 66 years ago since 1951 that they want to stand as an independent country no matter how small or large.
To provide education, this committee, which consists of four members, is appointed to oversee the work of private universities.
Police of Ri Bhoi District and Byrnihat Police have raided the house of Kaisikamo and seized five boxes of soap. and the powder shall be stemmed.
TUR says we need an India that rules fairly, protects the rights and promotes minorities and tribals as enshrined in the Constitution.
The union has informed the District authorities and the Labor Inspector to take action and they have promised to visit the border areas and other places to investigate.
However, unfortunately, these classrooms have not been provided yet, where the building of KNGC Jowai has remained the same until now without any change, and this has made it difficult for the students to enter the classes inside. KNGC especially those who do not have access to private schools or colleges.
Where are the 5 seats? All these problems found by the union have been found to be acts of violence and attacks on the Khasi, Garo and Non-tribals which deprives them of their right to study MBBS through the part government.
Harsh Choudhary of Rajasthan reached the final in the light heavyweight category 75-80kg after defeating Delhi's Harsh Lakra.
Those Rangbah who struggled to get their own State Government for the sake of the people have now become a victim.
In doing so, Indigo exports to 78 countries and across India. It is said that Indigo carries 2.8 lakh passengers a day in these countries. country in a month how many people will know this beautiful city.
With this opening, the Meghalaya High Court brings the total number of High Courts in India to
Myntri Rangbah Duh began by saying that this is a day of pride in democracy, a day of glory.
However, in recent years, the political parties from the State and the State have issued their petitions during the elections and these petitions often include, among other things, fundamental principles of organizations.
It is to be recalled that FASTOM has demanded from the government to increase the salaries of Adhok teachers in the state and has also met with the officers of the education department of the state government to discuss these demands. yours.
Bah Synrem urged the Government to pay the scholarships to the students from the Contingency Fund.
New start ups in the fisheries sector have attracted talent, technology, investment and those who want to start their own businesses to turn to the fisheries sector which has brought about a major change.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister urged the people not to be afraid as such incidents have happened in other states of India.
Two persons lost their lives in the collision of the dumper truck. The deceased were Bah Donborlang Shynrit 32 and Bah Joshua Kurbah. u Bah Benedict Mylliemlong.
This is the first time that more and more members of the party have come, but the members of the party cannot come until the government has granted freedom of movement or amnesty to the members. I am the son of Sadon.
Therefore, the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle urges the youth men and women to avoid the use of drugs.
According to a statement from the KSU, the deterioration of the NH44 road, especially in the Lad Rymbai area, has put at risk the health of the passengers due to the heavy traffic jam on this road. .
He said that the reason why the union has not handed over the drug users to the police is because they have escaped from jail for only 10 nights while those who have been arrested have to appear before the High Court. day to day.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Lyngam Hynneng Brei Area Unit under the leadership of Samla Anselm Ryntong President and General Secretary Samla Nisroy Riangjong in the presence of Samla Banshanpaul Sohbar Organizing Secretary and Samla Joswell War Finance Secretary haka January 28, 2021.
On the other hand, Pa'im said that he has to take action because this is not acceptable.
Shillong, Sept 21: The Congress party on Tuesday said that the Congress party will not allow the amendment of the Sixth Schedule as Panchayati Raj in Meghalaya. If there is such a thing, it will not be allowed.
The dorbar, organized by the Synod College, will last for two days today and it was clear that the participants came from other countries of the world.
The organization on this occasion also provided some assistance to these youngsters who will take part in the World Cup in Russia and expressed its satisfaction with the desire and determination of these youngsters who have gone through difficulties. and many trials but they were determined to fight until they reached the goal.
The church supports all civil society organizations to fight against this violence against women and the church will provide assistance to this young woman who has been involved in this tragic incident.
The tournament was closed with the participation of three schools under Raid Nonghulew including Raid Nonghulew UP School, RCLP School Nonghulew and Nonghulew Presbyterian LP. School through traditional songs and dances.
Shillong, June 16: The General Secretary of the All Meghalaya SSA School Association (ASU), Garo Hills Unit, Sengphan K Marak, on Tuesday said that the letter sent to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, has been rejected. The press release was signed by the President and Secretary of the All Garo Hills SSA School Teachers Association (AGHSTA).
The JAC also said that the lights off at night have led to crimes such as theft and others.
Therefore, in connection with this illegal act of the family members of Ramesh Dkhar, the Seiñ Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills, after discussions with them, and also after their own consent, They have requested and promised before the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, to give them time within three months to remove themselves from the Kur Dkhar.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 453, with 200 cases from East Khasi Hills District and 90 cases from West Garo Hills. The total number of cases so far is
In East Khasi Hills District, 261 cases, 198 cases from BSF, 49 cases from others and 14 cases from Army.
Speaking to media, Ialam said that Ialam Makri Gas Agency has been established since 2022 in collaboration with Seujee LPG Distributor Agency from Assam but till now the company has not received permission to distribute. Makri said that so far there are about 600 people who have registered with Ialam Makri Gas Agency and as the owner of this company he has taken responsibility to clarify the money. of the public from the 20th of this month.
Shillong, July 27: The Organization, as usual every year, congratulates all the students and this time too through the 15 Meritorious Award for Student and Male who have passed well in various examinations such as SSLC, HSSLC, ICSE, ISC, CBSE, DEGREE, PG, DIPLOMA, for the year 2017-2018, who have passed at 1Division and above.
As the village has been facing difficulties from time to time we have to go out to evict the people who stay at night. The village has met with the MLA where Bah Adelbert has come to see and we have been able to build a The opening ceremony of the road was attended by the village officials of Raitsamthiah.
These days, we are surprised to see many comments especially on social media which divide the nation by the region we come from, the language we speak and others. section.
Shillong, Lber 11: The National People's Party (NPP) has opened an account in Manipur by winning four seats in the MLA elections. India.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed one death today from East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of deaths from the disease to
However, there are some places that are still under construction but the road has been completed.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla James Hitler Mawphñiang said, “We are living in other days, what can we do for the country” and urged the students of this university to live in life. young people have to walk with all the challenges.
These teams focus on a simple and transparent recruitment process.
Only the delivery of essential goods will be allowed in these zones and there will be strict restrictions on movement and entry into these zones.
Speaking to reporters, he said that to count only the shortcomings in the district cannot be counted because there are still many. stay.
Regarding the arrest of Eric, the leaders of the KSU Nongthymmai Circle have held an emergency meeting on Friday morning to discuss the matter.
The MDP is the party that split from the UDP last year, under the leadership of Bah BB Lyngddoh, along with Bah Mukhim and others from the Meghalaya House corruption in Kolkata.
It is learned that today alone, the members of the party have repatriated more than 2000 people who came from Assam, mostly in Ratachera where they have repatriated more than 1000 people.
The money alone was worth T.11.10 crore, liquor T.74.89 lakh, drugs T.4.18 lakh, gifts T.1.5 lakh and other items T.5.71 crore.
This is why former leaders, like Bah Bull N.Lyngdoh, Bah Herlambok War, cannot allow and have to fight for a year until the authorities have to flee the country. Expressing that the KSU has been accused of 40 ethnic groups by other ethnic groups, Samla Thabah said, “Other ethnic groups who are not from our ethnic group, they They accuse not only Bah Bull but all the leaders of the KSU and all the members of the KSU. They accuse us of violence, discrimination, and racism, but we who are here in our We know well what we are doing and what Bah Bull is doing.
Shillong, Nailar 22: Leaders of the KSU Central Body today met with the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah WMS Pariat to demand the postponement of the results of the DSC Nongstoin. which was in 2010.
49,391 people have been informed through the helpline, 22,303 people have been contacted through IVRS, 223 people have been found by visiting and 5,0 who were admitted to the Bethany Hospital.
However, most of the expenditure on the part of the KHADC will be for the payment of salaries of the employees after the salary increase.
Shillong, November 01: Due to the lack of knowledge of the rules regarding the disposal of garbage has affected the cleanliness of the city of Shillong.
This is urgent for the State Government as it should not wake up when the disease has entered.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Government has decided to declare a curfew from 9.00 pm today until Monday morning from Byrnihat to Khanapara. within the Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, March 01: Six cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, one from East Khasi Hills, one from North Garo Hills, one from Ri Bhoi and three from West Garo Hills.
The group was led by B Pyngrope who was not a group with leaders but a concern of the youth who are looking for jobs in the state. that this place is not yours.
He said that next month he will distribute foodgrains in Mawkhar, Wahingdoh and other villages under the 17-Shillong North Constituency.
The exact date will be announced later.
Purno started his election campaign by sitting on a chair but today he saw himself walking to the polling station at Walbakgre Lower Primary School. hi, he was accompanied by his children and grandchildren.
It is through these platforms that she has worked hard to showcase the dignity of Meghalaya.
Emphasizing that the Congress does not care whether it is in the Ruling or Opposition, Pala said, “When we work for the people, we don't even think about the Opposition or the Ruling Party. we have the power to work and we will work as much as we can in any position.
The search operation for the recovery of the bodies of 15 people who were trapped in the coal mine has continued till today by pumping water from the coal mine not only from the suspected place. They were allowed to drink water from the nearby caves.
Great.
At the same time, he said that he will look into the request of Angela Rngad and when the rightful contractors will receive this money, he said that he is happy to be able to look after this department. the taxpayer who belongs to the people.
Referring to the forgiveness of the factories for the money they have spent on the light bill, the Minister said that this has been done for the benefit of the people as well as it should not be done only one-sidedly. no iano has done everything.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The Central Executive Committee of KHNAM has informed the public, especially the residents of West Khasi Hills District, that a public meeting will be held at Markasa tomorrow morning.
Speaking to Batesi TV, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani said that the party will meet the President of India on three issues that the people of the state have expressed. the Inner Line Permit (ILP), the demarcation of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​and the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Donboklang Kharlyngdoh said that the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep under the leadership of Tirotsing Syiem has fought against the tyranny of the Dohlieh. The President of the HYC said that Tirot Sing Syiem is a great Syiem and a patriot, a freedom fighter and a unifier. If we remember Tirotsing, we must also follow in his footsteps to be patriotic, respectful of freedom and united.
Perhaps if there is any inconsistency, those who are in doubt should come forward in the right direction without being misled anywhere. to the Village Leaders without knowing the whole truth.
On the other hand , the union will look into what the government will do on the demand for salary increase , if other teachers have been increased why other governments have not been increased as said by u Chief Minister of the State in the House.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Commissioner Secretary of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya today announced that the two-day training for the new MLAs of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya will be held on 24th and 25th of this month has been postponed to 31st of this month and 1st of July.
When people leave, according to the law, there should be no discrimination.
There have been 329 recoveries today, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to 38,361, with the highest number of recoveries in East Khasi Hills. 107 people today.
These elephant bones were seized on 29/June/2024 and handed over to the Forest Department and Customs has congratulated the Biswanath Police and the Forest Department.
According to him, he is a retired government officer in the PWD (Rd) department and has completed his BE (Civil) degree from abroad. said Ahmedabad and Gujarat.
On this occasion, a meeting was held between the farmers of the area and the Congress MLAs to discuss the problems of the jhur farmers at the MLA Hostel.
The Chief Secretary has issued an order that anyone who violates the social distancing rules and does not wear masks in public places will be punished under Section 269 of the Indian Penal Code and other provisions.
She said that until 9:00 pm, the doctors had not come to do a medical checkup to check the condition of Kong Bindas Syiem.
The State Government Act does not contain the important provisions mentioned in the Government of India Act, for example, the Government of India Act clearly states how many tens or hundreds or thousands of people can be allowed the inspection of places or public places or market places where people can sit and sell in the market and this Act the Government of India has made it clear that market vendors should be involved during the inspection.
Shillong, Naitung : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday wrote a letter to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi regarding the NGT's order to ban the coal mining in this state.
Kumar said the Mahotsav is designed to showcase the richness of the North East by showcasing traditional crafts and culture in one place.
The two kilometer road to the hospital has been completed and was inaugurated by the Chief Minister. km of road inside the village.
In his speech, the Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh has slammed the National Media for not covering the damage caused by the North East. in the North East.
The presence of this slum in the middle of Shillong will bring glory and prominence to Shillong,” he added.
He said that the HFU will hold a memorial service to remind the State Government to be more vigilant when allowing the conversion of farmers' land in the name of factories and schools. you are allowed to change.
Speaking to reporters, HYC Sohiong Zone President Purning Shabong said that they were summoned on the basis of a complaint filed by F Thabah. the owner of the house did not bring the foreign workers.
Explaining about the ILP, he said that the ILP will not only protect against the entry of foreigners but will also prevent the wealthy who want to come to the state to steal their wealth. This is the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has called on all political parties to discuss the government's plan to set up an ANVC camp. -B in West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills districts.
MMECC sends its condolences to the family of Bah Stodar Dkhar and prays that God will bless the family of Bah Stodar Dkhar. The party prays for the eternal rest of this leader of the party.
Other civil society organizations that attended the meeting were the JACSO, the Langrin Youth Welfare Association (LYWA) and the Meghalaya People's Rights Commission.
At the same time, the union has informed the Minister of Education to direct the relevant authorities to set up a MTET Center for the students living in Patharkhmah. or Jirang to make it easier for the students who write the examination because at present, those who sit for the MTET examination have to go to Nongpoh to write the examination besides it being a long distance.
Skhemlang Suba of Ri Bhoi and the Glorify Kurbah of EKH have won the title of best athlete.
The arrest of the President of KSU Nongthymmai Circle came within hours after the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, announced through the media that the police have registered four cases against him. groups who went to collect Work Permits for foreign workers who are working on the project at Polo Ground.
On this occasion, it was also announced that BAM will hold Basketball and Cricket tournaments only for the Nongmalki residents at present as they have not been able to hold larger tournaments.
Speaking to reporters after the launch of the website, the Chief Minister said that the government will not encourage self-employed people to invest, but what the government does will help them to provide financial assistance through banks.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: As part of the preservation of the culture and traditions of the Hynniewtrep people, the Hima Umniuh-Tmar Sirdarship will hold a Shad Suk Mynsiem on the 30th and 31st October
Soshan Sangma, also a member of AYWO, said that this is a problem for the people that the PWD has not done anything for six months.
Speaking to SP News Agency on the Inner Line Permit issue, Bah Pala said, “I will not say implement it. reject it, but my personal view is that the government should appoint a team to inspect the matter thoroughly to see the merits and demerits before taking any decide".
The previous announcement issued on 10th November 2023 which stated that all shops will be closed by 10.00 pm around Shillong has been lifted.
I spoke about Swachhata in 2014 from Red Fort.
Leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) ER led by Samla Pynbiang Rymbai have submitted a petition to the Superintendent of Police (HNYF) ER, Bah C.Syrti. Kyrshandame Talang, a resident of Mupliang village.
Jowai, July 24: The AJYWO Sengkmie, KSU-JHDU, FKJGP-Khliehriat Circle and HNYF-East Jaintia Zone have called for a night curfew on the 27th and 28th of this month from 7 pm to 5 pm. In both the districts of Jaintia Hill, the government will continue to repair the National Highway 44 from Mookyndur to Malidor.
These programs are tailored to meet the unique needs of officers where the courses are advanced, workplace-friendly and experiential.
West Khasi Hills 4, Ri Bhoi 44, West Jaintia Hills 14, East Jaintia Hills 15, West Garo Hills 15, South West Garo Hills 4 and South Garo Hills
The KSU questions and seeks clarification from the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Ribhoi District that they are working exactly for the purpose of investigating, arresting and torturing KSU members and to harass and torture even their relatives. The DC and SP should understand that they are only servants of the people of Ribhoi District.
The group has already written to the government to implement the missing sectors, those who are still in short supply, those who are more skilled and those who are skilled in the job. in Ri Bhoi District, they are under 30 years old.
He said that the decision of the MUA II government to implement the Regulation of Landlords and Tenants Verification Bill is against the demands and aspirations of the people and the civil society as well.
The union has promised to conduct regular inspections of these shops in the market as it has been seen that many foreigners who stay in these shops are from Assam, Nepal and other countries. other states.
The other four are from GHADC, Ismail Marak as an independent MDC, Khorus Marak of the NCP who has joined the BJP, Rigsteeus Sangma as an independent MDC and Saiful Rehaman. He is also an independent MDC who joined the BJP today.
Lad Mawknor LP School and Syllei U Lar LP School have received a building worth Rs 14,22,500 lakh and Rs 4,59,724 have been spent. Umsehkhlieng RCLPS and Mawnohsynrum Pres LPS have received only 4,59,724 schools and Mwanohsynrum has received more than 3,17,0 This has left many people in wonder how they can do the most and how they can accomplish it.
Shillong, March 14: The Parliamentary Party of the Congress party in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today elected Bah Manstudy Nongrem as the new leader.
This is the first time that such a training has been conducted in Meghalaya.
After receiving a tip, the troops of the 200 Battalion of BSF Meghalaya, in collaboration with the state police, seized the sugar and kwai.
: An Auto Rickshaw (ML10-C-8814) and a Thar (ML05-AB-0028) collided with a truck. NL01-N-5423 at Sumer Umbang, Ribhoi District on the 15th of this month at 3:45 pm or 4:00 pm.
Rev Lyndan Syiem in his speech congratulated the students who have completed their studies.
“If the EIA is successful, our Jaitbynriew will be the first to be affected, the government can take the land as it pleases especially to know the Uranium in our State. The office bearers of the KSU Sahsniang Unit are Samla Yoolang Lathong President, Darington Kamar Vice President, Hababiang Syngkon Vice President, Shanlang Hadem Assistant General Secretary, Mardaplang Kamar Finance Secretary, Iaid Shaph Rabon. Lamphrang Tang Organizing Secretary, Christopher Biam Publicity Secretary, Rimanroy Kamar Cultural Secretary, Wansanmi Rabon Sport Secretary, and 14 members.
Shillong, November 06: The meeting of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) of the coalition government in Meghalaya was held today at Pinewood Hotel. Shillong was inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
Shillong, July 19: At present, it is estimated that the world needs about 5 million skilled workers by 2020 for many jobs.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Clan Bills, 2020, he said that the Clan Bills, 2020 are based on the tip kur tip kha. At present, there are more than 3000 tickets. They are still part of the Khasi people.
“We appeal to the people when they leave, to be calm because it will disrupt the peace and order,” said the VPP MLA. NPP Working President Prof. Don War. The NPP leader said the meeting with the Returning Officer was to express the opposition of the political parties to the enforcement of Section 144 CrPC on the polling day.
The investigation by the Anti Infiltration Directorate is part of the investigation to ensure that foreigners who come to work in Meghalaya are Indian citizens and have already committed crimes. Register at the office of the Labor Department.
He said the government has taken steps not only to streamline the recruitment process but also to change the examination process.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The farmers who are the suppliers of food and beverages have been suffering from time to time due to the excessive price of agricultural products.
This was confirmed by Bah Gerald Kyndiah, Deputy General Manager.
On the other hand, Bah Pynshngain expressed his dissatisfaction with the shimsting of the state government and the lack of vision of the leaders to bring forward various policies. to the Education Policy, Farmers Policy, Culture Policy, Tourism Policy, who has benefited or lost.
The Prime Minister said that compared to 40 years ago, India has become a more stable, peaceful and strong country.
This happened on the 3rd of this month, when the SP of South Karbi Anglong District, with a threat, did not allow the Rangbah Shnong of Madan Umwang in Mawhati Constituency. Ri Bhoi District and adjacent Karba Anglong District.
Other government officials who took part in the meeting were RM Mishra, Principal Secretary, Planning, KW Marbaniang, Secretary, Health and Family Welfare, Dr BDR Tiwari, Secretary, Planning. and Member Secretary, BRDC, Dr. PK Goswami, Director, NEIAH, Shillong, Swami Padmaprakasha, in charge of Santhigiri Ashram, New Delhi and other government officials.
Umsning, Naitung 27: The Rural Self-Employment Training Institute (RSETI) office in Umran will provide free training to the people in the rural areas on the Entrepreneurship Development Program (EDP) in Umran. different types of training.
He said under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the central government has sent a delegation to Manipur including Union Home Minister Amit Shah to inspect and clarify the situation.
He said that at the meeting held today, it was said that they will set a date and now they have sent a letter to the government and at the same time they will go and ask for permission because this month. They will hold an indefinite protest in Shillong. That is the decision.
He said that PA Sangma is a visionary.
The party will also bring up the issue in the state assembly on the attempts of some forces to create instability in the state. .
This award will strengthen the teaching profession in the future and will also inspire the spirit of selflessness to improve education in the state.
To open a college is not easy for the founding team to face many challenges. The college which was opened today has received permission from NEHU. He urged them to stand forward and not back down to run the college.
It is not necessary to walk on a clean or paved road or there is no cemented path in this area.
Even in the 22 Hima/Elaka which have Acts and Rules, these Acts and Rules of the 22 Hima/Elaka which have already been enacted require many amendments to make them relevant to the Act. being of the time.
Many of the chairman said that the election to determine who will win will not be possible due to the turnout of voters which was not expected to exceed 90%.
The Committee is against the inclusion of Articles 92 D and 54 A in the Bill because under the Constitution of India Article 246 A empowers the Central and State Governments to implementation of GST. (SP News).
On the part of the Seng, we strongly condemn this action of the police guarding the gate and urge them to take action and fulfill their duty properly.
He said that the anti-party movement will not happen here because there is no restriction on independence.
Referring to the expenditure, Kyrshan said the government should know where to get the money.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by Chief Secretary Thomas A Sangma and Chief Whip Marcuise Marak.
Luis Dohtdong President of HNYM said that the HNYM has written to the government and tried to phone the Chief Minister's Secretary Prestone but they have not responded. answer.
At the end of the celebration, Bah Prestone and others launched the Souvenir of the school.
Those who spread garbage will be punished under Section 102 of the Meghalaya Police Act,
The department is fighting as much as possible to protect the people from being cheated by the traders but the problem it faces is that at present there are only nine inspectors from each district. This has put them in a difficult position to fulfill their duties.
To achieve this target, the Government on 18.3.2005 wrote to the Rural Electrification Corporation (REC) Limited to request for funds for the provision of electricity to 1943 villages which have not yet received electricity. 370 received but destroyed.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (NLLF) in a statement sent to the media on Tuesday strongly condemned the arrest of Tarson Lymba. He was arrested in connection with the IED blast in Them Metor.
Toi said that on 27/5/2022, the killer of her children had left her husband in front of the public before she went to work and she had lodged a complaint with the police but the police did not act. In fact, even if the police don't receive a complaint, they should have issued a Domestic Information Report.
Shillong, July 29: Ka KSU EJHDU on Tuesday 29th July 2024 after receiving a complaint from many parents of students staying in hostel at JNV Rymbai regarding the lack of water especially in the women's hostel. Speaking to the Principal of the school, he said that the lack of water is due to the lip light in the past few days and the water has not been purchased.
He also briefly explained the purpose of the Kur Warjri and the work done in the past 25 years since its inception in
This was announced at a meeting today at the MeECL office in Shillong.
The purpose of this independent group is to encourage the youth to become change agents in society and builders of the country by enabling them to become like YuvaSetu between the government and the citizens of country.
After that, the two groups signed an agreement on 9.01.2022 to set up a training center in Meghalaya. They see that the same approach should be implemented in Meghalaya.
Regarding the test center in Tura, he said that the preparations are in progress in terms of permits and also to bring in the machines and the construction is also in progress and perhaps within a day it will be possible. complete the construction of the test center in Tura.
The committee appointed on 31/6/2023 has met with all political parties and in accordance with the rules of public administration the Government of Meghalaya has agreed to listen to the recommendations of the committee. and on the State Roster or the manner of management of jobs or the appointment of jobs in the State of Meghalaya.
HANM has closed down after receiving complaints from many people. The officers of HANM have not resisted but have worked with the HANM and have obeyed the order and closure. HANM as a sign of respect for this special day of the Jaidbynriew in the state.
The struggle for certificates has been going on since 2020 following the rules of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) that village authorities must obtain certificates from the Syiem of Khyrim Hima. approval to apply for 'sanad' by the Dorbar Shnong as a whole.
The Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa,im Ainam Syiem, said that the closure of these two shops will set an example for other shops to follow the guidelines issued by the government and the Hima. .
In the meeting , the company officials acknowledged these issues and said that they will complete the work within six months as it takes time to print the signboards equipped with radium and the printing place is far away. to Udaipur (Rajasthan) and then to other parts to erect those signboards.
During the inspection, HANM found that there are up to nine quarries and quarries that have been closed, but there are only quarries which have already been quarried but the workers are not in them. bag tylat maw.
Shillong, March 01: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla, on Tuesday said that the meeting of Chief Executive Members (KHADC) scheduled to be held on the 3rd of this month has been postponed. Student's Square will be held at 11.00 pm.
At this meeting, it was decided to work together on the border for the benefit of both countries as in crime on the border both sides face the same problem.
At the same time, the JSU understands that if the students do not attend classes and continue their studies, the JSU will take strong action.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) is struggling to educate the residents of Meghalaya to get vaccinated to prevent the spread of COVID-19 positive in Meghalaya. There are 17 lakh people in Tika.
Shillong, March 21: Seven persons were injured in a road accident at Sawphorlong in Polo at 5.45 pm this morning.
These members followed the swearing-in ceremony by Commander Shangpliang, President of the HFU. Dorbar on the 4th and 5th of this month.
Shillong, March 08: The teachers who have completed their training with the National Institute of Open Schooling (NOIS) sent by the state government have decided that if the results of their training can be released within this month. They will go to hold a protest at the Secretariat.
However, this is only a count of the PHE officials to the village leaders because they gave this answer 6 years ago and until now they have received the same answer.
The no confidence motion moved by Rambrai Jyrngam MDC Bajop Pyngrope was supported by 11 NPP MDCs and six Congress MDCs.
Shillong, July 04: The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) led by the BJP is expected to win 293 MPs while the Indian Party is expected to win only 232 MPs. MPs and other parties won 18 seats.
Speaking on the occasion, the Lamphang said that the Assembly Secretariat has initially implemented a new system by computerizing all the branches, redesigning the website and Preparations for the implementation of the National e-Vidhan Application Project in the new Legislative Assembly through the IT Cell Branch.
All the Sordars and Secretaries of all the 32 Villages shall be members of the Executive Committee.
New Delhi, March 18: Union Minister of State for Civil Aviation, Jyotiraditya M.Scindia, Minister of State for Civil Aviation, General Dr. VK Singh (Retd.) together with Rajeev Bansal, Secretary, The Ministry of Civil Aviation (MoCA) has opened six airports to improve connectivity in the North East by air.
The BJP leader said that this is to ensure that the mothers will get adequate medicines and for those who go to hospitals to give birth they will also get adequate medicines. you don't have to go to the hospital.
Shillong, November 29: UDP MLA Remingtone Pyngrope, Mawkynrew MLA, on Tuesday said that the UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy has not yet resigned from the post. long as the Chief Minister of the State or the Chief Minister of the State.
It is worth mentioning that the last COVID-19 patient in the first test was negative and after being sent back 24 hours later for the second time when the report was received it showed that it was still negative.
NESO urges the people of the North East to support NESO to send a clear message to the Central Government that the North East is not a breeding ground for foreigners.
Total number of students who were awarded were 30, four from Commerce stream and 26 from Arts stream.
Shillong, June 02: Two youths of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) South Khasi Hills District Unit today were arrested for questioning. in the District and Sessions Court of East Khasi Hills District.
Of these 57, one is in Meghalaya and will be located in Tura West Garo Hills District near Tura Medical College.
At a meeting convened by him at the MLA Hostel today, the heads of the PHE department, the Shillong Cantonment Board (SCB) and the Ward Commissioners have decided that the SCB and the Shillong Cantonment Board (SCB) PHE shall submit a report within 45 days regarding the water and if they fail to do so, a PIL shall be filed in court.
Assam has accused those who went to work, carry and leave any goods beyond the Check-Gate of Karbi Anglong Assam.
After meeting with the owners of the houses affected by the natural disaster, the MLA promised to provide them with tins of household items so that they can cover their houses and He will continue to look for ways and means to help these poor families.
Besides, the students who were here thanked the KSU Sengkmie for listening to their request from time to time to set up a unit here in Dehradun.
Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA of East Shillong Constituency, who was elected as the candidate of the National People's Party (NPP) on Friday, gathered with four MLAs of the party. from Jaintia Hills and the NPP leaders from the nine constituencies in Jaintia Hills.
If it is what our people can do or have done, the JHADC should no longer issue Trading License so that it will not affect the decisions of the indigenous people.
Singers will have to prepare one song of their choice as they wish to sing.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the struggle to prevent the spread of COVID-19 is a matter of life and death. lade because this disease is increasing.
You don't have to turn your back on this party.
In another incident, at 4.45 pm, robbers robbed the shop of Parash Bopara at Cantonment BH, Shillong. .16000 rupees.
At the meeting, the CoRP suggested to the CEM that foreign shops who come to trade within the Council boundary should display their Trading License in front of their shops, so that they can know which shops have a license. also assist the employees of the council or civil society groups when they visit foreign shops.
The Central Government has allocated T.1290 crore for this project and the Central Government will spend T.950 crore.
Leaders of FKJGP in a meeting with DTO Bah HF Khongsit, expressed what the FKJGP has alleged as the absence of timely work by the employees of the office which has affected many people, such as On the other hand, the FKJGP said that in talks with the DTO, the DTO has promised to call and resolve this issue as soon as possible.
In his speech, he said that it is necessary to instill in the people the spirit of cooperation because cooperation increases income generation.
The scheme worth 4.36 crore tyngka was prepared and implemented by the MLA of Mairang who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and who has also been able to acquire 5 acres of land in the village. Moses was near Manai.
When the COVID Committee advised these people to stay alone at home (home quarantine), she visited these people at their homes and monitored their treatment. and their other needs.
However, under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Government of India has taken many steps in the last eight years to bring peace and stability in the North East, to improve connectivity and to ensure detailed the development of this region.
Shillong, Lber 11: The Speaker of the House, Dr Donkupar Roy, today called an urgent meeting of the Business Advisory Committee (BAC) to restructure the House. sitting days of the current budget session.
This was announced by the President of KSU SWKH District.
Shillong, November 23: BSF troops while patrolling on the border with Bangladesh in Garo Hills have arrested Errit N Marak from Gopinathkilla market. who are involved with the ANVC(B) armed group.
This is the first time that 90% of the results have been released today.
The demand to upgrade the Sohra Civil Sub Division to a District was launched by Dr Donkupar Roy at the Dawar of God. You don't have to get a District.
The meeting between the two Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya has not yet taken any decision but has been scheduled to meet again this month to take a decision and the decision will be taken tomorrow. Prestone said.
The reason why we have taken this decision is that after careful consideration we don't want to disturb the public especially at such times when there are programs that cannot be postponed because of the schedule. “We want the full support of the people in this struggle to demand the implementation of the ILP in the state,” said JSU President Shri.
Police of Ri-Bhoi District are conducting a search operation in the forest near Ranibari village to arrest the members of this gang.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the MDA government under the leadership of Chief Minister Conrad Sangma for ignoring the demands of the people of Ri Bhoi District. The Administrative Unit of Patharkhmah has been upgraded to Civil Sub-Division for 30 years.
He is fluent in many languages ​​such as Khasi, English, Garo, Nepali, Hindi and Assamese.
Shillong, Lber 17: The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, in reply to a question raised by Bah Syntar Klas Sunn regarding the Adhoc Teachers, The Minister replied that the total number of Adhoc schools is
Are you still there!  it may be to obtain their daily food or to earn an income to support their needs from time to time through agriculture.
Why don't we think that every country can buy goods from India produced by different districts?
“This is an India that is walking on the path of truth, dignity, justice, policy, duty and to be stronger,” he concluded.
Lyngdoh said that Martin M Danggo is an MLA of the Congress party.
On the other hand, the teachers in Meghalaya demanded that the NIOS should postpone the examination until it has been able to correct the mistakes made in the release of the results. .
How and on what basis is the basis for stating that the factories will no longer need the authority of the District Council? publish an announcement, as appears in the media.
The PM-WANI of the DoT is an initiative approved by the Cabinet of Ministers of the Union Government headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to roll out broadband through the Wi-Fi networks of the people.
Regarding the affected students, parents and students on Tuesday met at the office of the Principal of Alpha English Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh, Kong WK ​​Blah to demand that the affected students should be allowed to write again for the NEET examination. They tried to get a detailed explanation from the NTA, but it was only after 10 and a half hours of the examination that they were able to get in touch with the Director of NTA. NTA, Vijay Kumar said that they have received information that one of the questions the youth do not need to write.
Due to economic growth, building strong teams is essential and also those who are newly entering the workforce should get good training and work in their fields of expertise.
The National Sickle Cell Anemia Elimination Mission was inaugurated by the Prime Minister on 1st November 2023 at Shahdol, Madhya Pradesh.
On the other hand, the CSWO alleged that the deletion of the names of people like Bah PR Kyndiah, former MP of Shillong, is surprising.
The Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong trains about 6000 youth per annum in computer science in five sessions.
Bah Teinwell Dkhar in his speech urged the Deputy Chairman not to take sides. He said that when they were in the opposition, they tried to dissolve the EC but they couldn't. I don't want to come to the council because it's a public issue.
The Syiem of Khyiriem Hima said that there is a saying “The Hima can be divided, but the family and the religion cannot be divided”. para, when the kingdom of Shyllong was divided, the household and the religion were given to the brother of the Nongkrem family.
The tournaments were held at Laban Indoor Stadium, Shillong Club, Madanrting Indoor Hall, NEHU, Mawlai Mawroh Community Hall, Mawlai Madan Heh, Crinoline Swimming Pool, Khlaw Malki, Shillong Golf Course, NEIGRIHMS and Sports Authority of India. (SAI) Training Centre.
The Seng congratulates all the injured who are still in the hospital for their recovery.
In the past two or three days since the strike, Himalaya said he has received the complaints of the people from all over and especially from the constituency he leads.
Shillong, July 03: The National General Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday issued a statement within the party banning members from taking part in public meetings against or to support the Citizenship Amendment Act
The Minister appreciated the efforts of the state government to reduce infant and pregnant mortality through various means.
The AJYWO Central Body, which has not been involved in the sale of fake Residential Certificates in EJHD for Aadhaar entry, on Friday met with the ADC. of EJHD, Bah SS Syiemleh, MCS along with the demands that all those who have registered Aadhaar through fake certificates should be removed and all those who have committed such fake certificates should be punished.
Because it is proposed to plant siej on an area of ​​10 lakh ha, it is expected that about 10 lakh farmers will benefit from the cultivation of siej.
Two Bangladeshis were arrested from Bakur and three from Dawki.
The letter said that they will discuss the unity regarding the payment of salaries of teachers in government funded schools and other demands such as the government's resignation. teachers and to implement the policy on education and others.
Shillong, Iaiong 30: MeECL has appealed to the Meghalaya government to come forward to help them pay their debt to NEEPCO. in the midst of a financial crisis.
Shillong, Iaiong 26: The Milk Association Shillong (MAS) has decided to increase the price of milk by 6 tyngka per litre. without informing the District Administration or without any prior notice to the public.
He also reminded that Huroi Village has already submitted a petition to the Government to take action for the construction of a well to prevent flooding.
Referring to the ongoing peace talks, he said they are still with the central government. He said that soon what they have already discussed will be completed. and he is hopeful they will become work.
“The continuation of this drama could lead to unknown incidents, and if our reservation policy is killed, it is up to us to take responsibility.
Five people have recovered from the disease today, while three out of 28 people are still in critical condition and are in hospitals for treatment.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongpoh Circle on Tuesday after receiving a complaint from the applicants, has immediately suspended the personal interview for recruitment at the District Medical Office. and Health Officer (DM&HO) Ri Bhoi District after applicants from all parts of Ri-Bhoi District and the state have alleged that the names of those selected for the personal interview have been released. without the knowledge of other bidders although there were many bidders.
Places where complaints can be sent and problems resolved in the State and Districts.
Guwahati, Nailar 05: The protest for Bodo Land in Assam will soon affect the supply of food items and the income of the people of the North East.
If the union finds that any shops have taken advantage of the situation, the union will not hesitate to take the necessary action according to the law.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 51 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 24 in Ri Bhoi and 7 in West Garo Hills. , South Garo Hills 3, East Jaintia Hills 2, South West Garo Hills 1, East Garo Hills 1, the total number of cases is
As part of the celebration of the National Fish Farmers Day, the Ministry of Fisheries, Government of Meghalaya today conducted a virtual program for the states of India. India where the Union Minister of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying, Parshottam Rupala inaugurated various projects related to fisheries.
Ed training especially for those who have not yet attended the training, new salary or other issues related to the problems of SSA teachers in South West Khasi Hills.
HITO said that ACHIK should seek detailed information according to the rules of law before speaking, not just aiding, and urged the government authorities to to keep a close eye on these groups as they are misleading the public.
The committee will hold its first meeting tomorrow morning and the second meeting will be held on 18th October at Nagaland Bhavan in Delhi to meet with people from all over the country to exchange views. on this part.
Shillong, July 03: The National People's Party (NPP) will hold a public meeting to welcome five MLAs to the party tomorrow at Madan Polo. in the morning with their servants.
The police of the state have worked hard to fight against this illegal alcoholic beverage which affects the future of the youth of the state.
Various meetings and inspections were conducted during this period, including the inspection of Public Sector Banks by the Minister in charge of Finance, Zonal State Reviews across the country in various places. Dr. Bhagwat Kishanrao Karad, Minister of State in charge of Finance, as well as review meetings in the States/UTs by Manoj Joshi, Secretary MoHUA and Vivek Joshi, Secretary, DFS. assisted in the release of 65.75 lakh loans, which has benefited more than 50 lakh street vendors, at a cost of more than T 8600 crore.
Shillong, Iaiong 02: U Emanuel Thongni, 23, of Wahblei West Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has been killed in a tragic accident. Hills District.
“He said that the preparation of the report appears to have been done in a slow manner, that is, without visiting the site and examining the records of the Transport Department.
On the occasion, the Chief Minister also distributed sohmarit seedlings to the farmers of the area in the presence of Ronjen MLA Sengnam Marak, Kharkutta MLA, Cherak Momin and officials of the Horticulture Department. of the district.
The mother went to the hospital in the morning but was not admitted and was sent home in the evening and when the baby was born she died.
“We have received many requests from educated youths who are unemployed and who are working as contractors on the construction of the officers and employees of the Soil and Conservation Department,” he said. “How can the Government allow the Soil and Conservation Department to employ its own officers and employees despite the lack of an Engineering Wing in the Department including the supply of goods and avoiding Registered Contractors or Suppliers and from experienced employees as has been done in other Government departments.
Prevention of the spread of Coronavirus is at the forefront as the number of cases in India has risen to
In another question regarding the PMGSY road in Mendipathar, the Chief Minister's Secretary Marthon Sangma said that there are two contractors whom the PWD has dismissed due to non-completion. The government has called another tender to implement them.
While the KSU was conducting the memorial service for Bah Lurshai, it was also witnessed that the shops of foreigners in Iew Ichamati have closed their doors and did not dare to open until after the end of the meeting. respect.
PM KISAN in three years has been able to provide financial support of more than Rs 2 lakh crore to needy farmers.
The union says that the government is the mother and as the mother it should not bring about this difference between the government teachers and the non-government teachers. They are not government teachers because they are all under the jurisdiction of the government.
