The need to include the Rangbah Shnongs, Raid Nongsynshar and Leaders elected by the Hima Dorbar to the Executive Dorbar, Hima Mylliem, Khadar Administration within the Hima Mylliem.
The smuggler, during the investigation, confessed that the foreign gold imported from Bangladesh was still with him and the Custom Officers immediately seized 14 gold biscuits. articles that are not plastic.
Speaking to media at the KSU office, Augustar said that during the celebration of the 4th June, there will be many programmes. related to that day.
The Central Government should give special recognition in the Constitution of India to the people of the North Eastern Region of India to own the land and mineral resources and to set your own time for the North East.
"Prime Minister Duh advised the MPs to try to learn from the working methods of these honorable members as they are the leaders.
Poverty and a new India are not compatible.
e.2012 and this time the Seng has reached the highest level to receive the Best State Youth Club Award 2012-13 on 10th July 2013 at a special meeting held at that's Donbosco Tech.
“U Men Khapnap” (from the book “Ha Jylli Ka Rynsan”) was broadcast on All India Radio as “U Ma Syngit”).
Regarding this, the authorities in charge of the district have decided to continue the protest until the arrival of the Chief Minister from Ri Nongwei. They will suspend this protest only if they receive a letter from the Chief Minister.
Ltd, Bangalore.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the incident. Police are still trying to find out the cause of the shooting. know.
The death toll from East Garo Hills has risen to 1461, with the highest number of deaths from East Garo Hills District. 991 people so far.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today continued their investigation into whether foreign workers have wor permits at the places where works are being carried out in parts of the state. Malki and Laitumkhrah areas.
The members of the Committee unanimously agreed to send a recommendation to the Government to turn the factory into a museum and the residences of the MCCL employees into a resort, in order to open up opportunities for the employees. to manage the Resort and the Mesuem.
According to the order of the Speaker, the MLAs of the opposition continued to stand and the MLAs who stood were as stipulated in the rule, after receiving the number of members of the House from his side. Shongknor has fixed the date for the meeting tomorrow morning at 11.00 pm on the issue of no confidence in the government.
Shillong, Iaiong 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today said that the situation of COVID-19 in the country and the state is critical as the increase in the number of cases is increasing and we have to do something now to prevent the spread of this disease.
Shillong, March 01: The Meghalaya Bodybuilding and Fitness Association (MBBFA) has announced that Prosonto Basumatary will represent Meghalaya in the World Amateur Bodybuilding Association (WABBA) Mr. Universe Championships 2017 to be held in Budapest, Hungary.
During the meeting, they discussed development works in Jaintia Hills.
During the visit, he will also meet with the Minister in charge of the Textile Department of the State Government and the organizations involved in the textile industry.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Khasi Authors' Society (KASO) has expressed its gratitude to the State Government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister for declaring the 22nd July as a Government Holiday. to the great work of Rev. Thomas Jones who developed and developed the Khasi alphabet.
In the complaint, the DTO of Tura said that the man had visited the office of the DTO of West Garo Hills District, but without the knowledge of the people from the office, he had asked for He took away the documents of Forms 21 and 22 of three bikes bearing the numbers ML-08-F-0231, ML-08F-0375 and ML-08F-4
Vehicles that will travel in rural areas will be on the first day with numbers ending in 2,3 and 4, on the second day, vehicles ending in 5,6 and 7, on the second day. On the fourth day they will pass at 8,9 and 0, on the fourth day they will pass at 1,2 and
Ferdinand Myrthong, 45, Balamanbha L Mawlot, 16, Lapynshai L Mawlot, 16, are still at the scene. 13 years old, Ibashisha Lyngdoh, 24 years old, and Daman Lyngdoh, 17 months old.
The VPP also urged the Government to create more posts in this department, especially in Ri Bhoi District and other districts.
KSU Mawprem Circle Assistant Publicity Secretary F.Lyngdoh said in a statement.
He told about the new schemes related to medical supplies.
Has this government been able to allocate 18.46 sq km of land to Assam without the permission of the landowners, the Dorbar Trai Ri and the District Councils?
Special work has been done to improve the welfare of those living in rural areas, and those who are poor, needy, suffering, marginalized, and ethnic minorities.
They also honored the Rangbah Kur who have been in charge of the Seng Kur Warjri since its inception 40 years ago, and the first Chairman, Bah DL Warjri (bam kwai ha dwar U Blei) was also honoured. The mother of the children, Kong PO Kharkongor, who was accompanied by her children, was welcomed with a medal.
“About 300 people from the border have gathered to force the BSF troops. While the group was fighting with the BSF troops, another group took the opportunity to destroy the witnesses by looting the goods. Marak, who was seriously injured after being shot and died due to excessive bleeding,” said the BSF Chief, who did not want to be named. There is also a video recorded as a witness of the incident in Dalia village.
The HBRF today informed that it will write to the Human Rights Commission to raise the issue of the Khasi-Pnars in Block I. to resolve the border dispute between the two states.
Referring to the improvement of the water supply, the Governor said that there is plenty of water in the state but the problem is how to improve it.
However, the MCCl and the government have not been able to pay the salaries of the employees for the year 2015, as well as the arrears and the operation of the factory is not running smoothly. and where it is spent.
They were summoned to seek clarification on the rape of two children in their district.
On the other hand, the Governor urged them to work hard to make India a leader in sports according to the goal of the central government known as “Khelo India”.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The Go-Northeast group from Assam has conducted a medicine distribution in Kongthong village, one of the villages in Khasi Hills which has attracted the attention of the people with the “Iawbei song”.
The deceased were identified as Unity Lapasam, 71, of Shangpung, WJ Hills, Phool Kumari, 65, of Lapalang, Delbora Marbaniang, 61, of Lummawbah, Upper Shillong. Jolan Thapa, 30, of Barapathar and Ram Bahadur Biswa, 56, of Upper Shillong.
Furthermore, it was reported that the Meitei and Bengalis have destroyed the farmland of the Khasi people in the village and until now the Khasi people are still living in fear.
In such circumstances, the organization is sorry if we just sit in the houses, then we come here.
The Government should speak out and we demand that the Meghalaya Police should immediately stop this killing, robbery and arrest of people if it really wants peace in the country. HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin said.
He said that the divers who can dive are only 30 feet and if they can ring out the water they can dive deeper and maybe they can rescue the people inside the crematorium. coal.
Speaking at the meeting, he said that the people of Assam and the Khasi have had a cooperation since ancient times since the time of the Ahom kings in which the Khasi have given their support and the Assamese have supported them. the Khasi in their fight against the infiltration of foreigners.
Union Home Minister Amit Shah inaugurated the Inter State Bus Terminal at Mawiong on Saturday.
He said the party will not rest and will take other stronger measures until it succeeds.
because it is against the Khasi system of counting.
On 31/1/2023, three candidates from East Khasi Hills District, Ampareen Lyngdoh from 16-East Shillong, Jasmine Mary Lyngdoh from 21-Nangthymmaikine, both from NPP, while Pynshai Manik from East Shillong. Syiem as a candidate for 20-Mylliem.
New Delhi, July On the World Sickle Cell Disease (SCD) Awareness Day on July 19, many programs were held to raise awareness about the disease and prevent the spread of sickle cell disease.
Jana informed the Nongpoh Police Station and the police are conducting an investigation into the theft of the vehicle from Umling.
The lack of ration has affected four villages including Balat, Umlynter, Pynden, Umsawrang, Phodstein, Nongrum and Kandapara (Hajong) where up to 200 households are under the BPL line. The shortage of ration has been going on since November including this month.
The Union has decided to send a letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is also in charge of the Urban Development Department, to immediately end the proposal to bring the Marten to Nonghali.
Jowai, July 27: The village of Thangskai today could not listen to the breach of the contract by Dalmia Company which has signed a contract with the village which owns a dewbilat factory inside the village.
Federal assistance, assistance from protecting the lands of the hill tribes and from the gates.
Weibha Nongtdu Lakiang of North Liberty School in the sixth grade, Freddy Lyngkhoi of Sacred Heart Boys' School and Edward Pohlong Lamare of St Edmund's School in the sixth grade. Mairang Presbyterian Science College in the first place.
In a letter to the Director of Mineral Resources (DMR), HITO President Donbok Dkhar said that the union would like to receive information regarding the identification and announcement of the Designated Depots for the census. coal for auction, construction of depots, responsibility for transportation of coal to Designated Depots, issuance of Transit Pass for transportation of coal to Designated Depots and gates the method of transportation of coal by the owners and buyers of the coal auctioned from the Designated Depots after the issuance of the Transit Pass, the certification at the Designated Depot, the method of auction and the calculation of the money and so on.
On the other hand, the HNLC said it is incomprehensible that the workers in these coke factories are foreigners and there are no locals. However, there has been no development work in the area.
Before the Prime Minister's reply, the Minister in charge of Industries, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar said that the government has received proposals from the private sector to run the MCCL. to submit documents for further information before making a decision.
Even women have this opportunity, but as it is, they have not yet been given the full power to become those who can fully participate in economic development.
: There has been a tragedy in Nongpriang village when rescue teams have recovered the bodies of two houses in the landslide.
Born on March 8, 1939, Dr. Kharlukhi graduated from Gauhati University, St. Anthony's College, Shillong with a Ph.D.
The meeting was held after the union received a complaint from a mother that one of the constables of the police station had spoken rudely to the poor mother by using the words “Armet or laimet spirit will not be released”.
On the 4th of Shad Nohkjat, a thanksgiving prayer was held before leaving Iingseng for the Lympung Shad at Madan Shad in Raikohmit. God the Creator also at the Madan Shad before the start of the dance.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, has told reporters that he has no connection with the rebel groups.
The government should not take this stingy when they are proposing peace talks, said Bah Nongtrwa in a statement.
Shillong, Nailar 29: Two MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today joined the new People's Party (KHADC). Democratic Front (Democratic Front) at a public meeting held at the Jaiaw Lumpyllong Legislative Assembly.
Others present were Anita Kharpor, Director Employment and Craftsmen Training, Shillong, YR Mawlong, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, Bah D. Mawlein, Deputy Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills District. Hills District, Sakwang Village Minister, Bah S.Kharjahrin, officers from PWD (Building), and others.
During the search, police recovered two soap boxes suspected to contain drugs from the body of Dony Paya Mulieh, 19, resident of Khliehshnong, Lumshnong, East Jaintia Hills. Langki Rymbai, 23, resident of Lumshnong.
The URPC has also decided to inform the leaders of the two constituencies Umsning and Mawhati including Bah Donkupar Sumer MDC and Dr. C Lyngdoh MLA Umsning. JK Dorphang MLA Mawhati together with James Sylliang.
I would like to state here that the rejection of the report does not mean that we are against the report,” said Bah Titos.
At present, the Science stream is taught only within the Rama Krishana Mission and the Commerce stream is taught only within the Rama Krishana Mission. Inside St John School, it is necessary if the government can set up its own schools in this area to help the students.
Before proceeding, it would be appropriate to suggest that there are times when it is necessary to improve the publicly used language and there are times when it is necessary to change it according to the meaning of the words.
The program was concluded with a welcome speech by Smti.
It looks at all aspects of society.
According to the latest news, on the first evening, these robbers saw the BGB troops and at this time they fled and left Dajied Syiemlieh and the BGB troops behind. rescue him from the hands of the captors.
However, if the law has proved his involvement in the rape of a 14-year-old girl, the MPCC strongly condemns the current MLA and the Congress Party-led Government. and he too must fall into the same punishment as the others.
The curfew today went smoothly without any incident across the state.
Two shops, a shop selling tea and other food items and another shop selling juti, slippers and coffee, have burnt down after the blaze destroyed them. the two stores on Saturday night at about 12 midnight.
Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma said, “It is a pleasure to collaborate with 1M1B in establishing the 1M1B Green Skills Academy here at Meghalaya, aimed at accelerating the adoption of green skills among our college youth in our state.
Peter & Paul is the fourth parish in Mawpat.
He said that there are many parts of Meghalaya which have not yet been cleared and it is expected that the clearing can be completed as soon as possible to avoid many other problems on the border.
The State Police Department is preparing to strengthen security in Shillong and Tura in the days ahead of the visit of the President of India Droupadi Murmu on the 15th and 16th of this month.
In her short speech, the DC expressed her satisfaction to see that there are people who are determined to preserve the environment and this will help to achieve a clean environment.
The time will come when this road will cut off the traffic of the people of Meghalaya and also the people of other states of North East India through this road.
During the investigation, it was discovered that the group had unreported earnings by selling merchandise without promotion and by lying about expenses.
On the need to introduce sports facilities, the Minister said that small countries with a population of only 26 lakh win the Olympics.
Superintendent of East Khasi Hills District Davis NR Marak said, “It appears that the cause of the fire was a short circuit of the light. attempted burning is not".
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister said that the government will have to find ways to create 50,000 jobs every year and this is a struggle for the government and the government will have to move towards to prepare for employment in various fields.
In Sohra, he visited the households who have been allocated T.10 lakh under the PMEGP scheme and out of this T.3.5 lakh is 35% of the government's assistance. give.
Other issues to be discussed include corruption, unemployment, tourism and others related to the state, the North East and the country as a whole.
The exhibition is open until October 9, 2023 and the public can visit the exhibition.
Meanwhile, Babu Kular, one of the elders of the area, said that the government also has a scheme to provide soh seedlings and helps the farmers to plant but the farmers do not know.
The CEM has sought the unanimous approval of the House to demand from the Central Government not to implement the Uniform Civil Code within the boundary of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council. the villages that were in the seventh century.
The Civil Sub Division has sent an inquiry to find out the cause of the incident.
Shillong, March 13: The Principal of Police Training School, Meghalaya, Shillong, on Tuesday announced that the admit cards have been distributed to all those who have applied. the SF-10 police force.
How can the coal acid not flow since the years before the establishment of these coal factories?
From these four persons, four bags of drugs were seized, one knah was seized. Police have charged them under the NDPS Act. Shillong, March 28: The Syiem of Khyrim Hima, Pa Dr.Balajied Syiem, has invited the people to take part in the Nongkrem Festival which will be held once a year. on the 1st and 2nd of November next month in Smit.
Shillong, Iaiong 06: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 9 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District. there were 104 of them.
Also, the increase in sports activities opens up new job opportunities, he said.
Holy is allowed to do by keeping away from the corpse.
The decision to hold the 50th Anniversary Celebration was taken at the 70th meeting of the NEC in Guwahati chaired by the Minister of Home Affairs. on November 18, 2022.
Speaking at the launch of the DREAM Project in Shillong, Dr Bishnoi said that the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment, Government of India has conducted a survey across the country including in the Union Territories. .
Thousands of vehicles pass through this road every day due to the failure of the PWD to complete the cleaning of this road.
Shillong, Lber 11: A truck carrying nar rot has collapsed at Umshongker Larem near Nongsynrieh village today.
According to the preparations of the Forest Department of the State Government, the land for the construction of the State Zoo will be about 56 hectares and the total allocation for the completion of the work will amount to T.19 crore. It has already released only T.17 crore.
The construction of the Inter State Bus Terminal (ISBT) at Mawlai Mawiong recently has also caused more and more doubts among the intellectuals especially the signs by the outside authorities to show or understand but, the authorities Think people are still lyngngai, people are still sleeping, people don't have the strength to think.
At present, the selection of ration vendors is for one year and the appointment of ration vendors is for one year. The ration shall be for two years.
She said that in recent days, IIT Guwahati has built 3D printed security posts to provide a flexible solution for the defense activities of the Indian Army.
The check was handed over by KL Pariat President and General Secretary M. Bareh in the presence of L. Kyndiah Treasurer and East Jaintia Branch. hills district.
“Let this incident be a lesson to all that they should understand the powers of the House which has been entrusted to them,” said the Chief Minister. No one was allowed to speak, but the officer was allowed to leave after he had greeted the Speaker, the ruling party and the opposition.
The Laskeiñ Block Tourism Promotion Society (LBTPS) has its headquarters at Iooksi, West Jaintia Hills.
He said that HANM is a prominent organization in the state and not only works for the people but has also provided many assistance to the people in the needy. continue to contribute to the work of the organization.
In a complaint signed by HITO East Jaintia Hills President Deibormi Rymbai and Secretary Burom Dkhar, a public hearing was held on 24/8/2023 at the premises of Meghalaya Cement Limited in Thangskai. in which those concerned were directed to attend this public hearing.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the DGP in charge of prisons in the state said that the government will appoint a team of inquiry to investigate the escape of the suspect. I'm going to Tura.
The State Level Bankers' Committee (SLBC) is the top body of banks, the state government should have an understanding and this committee will assist in the development of income generation in the state by By bringing in job opportunities according to the needs of the youth in the state so that they can set up their own jobs.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: Ka Kong BT Jyrwa President of the Hynniewtrep Women's Wing (HNYF) on Tuesday said that their presence at this meeting should be a sympathy not only to their fellow party members, but also to the people. they are good.
However, the DC said that it is up to the CEO. When they went to meet the CEO, the CEO said that there is nothing wrong with the DC of East Jaintia Hills. he didn't have anything to say.
The injured were taken to Shillong Civil Hospital for treatment.
It is not clear whether the Prime Minister has accepted the resignation or not, as Dr Mukul Sangma is currently in Delhi to take part in the resignation. Shillong, November 04: The family members of two girls have lodged a complaint with the Mairang Police Station that on Thursday, Rikynti Wahlang Lidiancy Rani, 14, from Maw Phanniew village near Nongkhlaw in Mariang district came to Shillong and since that day they have not returned home.
The Khasi Author Society (KAS) is ready to publish the Khasi-Khasi-English Dictionary which will soon be available to the Khasi-Pnar people.
These two gentlemen asked if I had received any post? I said no.
With the passing of the days, the Yatra has grown and continues to attract the attention of the people, and it continues to grow.
He encouraged the author to publish more books.
; (ii) improve the Logistics Performance Index ranking – the target is to be among the top 25 countries by 2030, and (iii) introduce a data-based approach to logistics. who are running.
Ten people from Shillong have registered for the training program at this meeting today.
So far, 96,722 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 95,071 have recovered and 1,622 have died.
The shooting competition will be held for two days and will start at 9 pm.
At the same time, he said that sports not only benefits the players but also the spectators as it removes the burden of the mind from the work they do every day. sun.
Earlier, before 2013, students used to receive Minority Scholarship through the NEC but since 2013, it has been changed to 90% of the scholarship. The Central Government will provide 10% to the State Government.
In his speech, he said that there are countries which have made terrorism one of the policies of the country, this is a sad thing, he said.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 09:The RBYF has said that the ILP is still alive in Bri-Hynniew Trep and as an organization under the umbrella of 13 parties who have been fighting for the implementation of the ILP, it has not changed. but what has prompted the party to come forward with a new proposal is that after the party has accepted that this Act cannot be implemented as it is in the state. on the second page and on section 2 of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 Reg.
At the same time, the state government has directed the health department to prepare preventive measures and the report should be submitted to the government within 30 days.
The four organizations sent this statement to the Government that it should think and accept that the indigenous people should be at the forefront to hand over the work.
On the occasion of the 119th Anniversary of the Seng Kut Snem, the march started with a march from Madan Iewrynhep through the streets of Shillong. To show the world that the Khasi people have their own culture.
Shillong, Iaiong 23: U Rakkam Sangma, Leader of the National People's Party (NPP) who is also the Minister in charge of Education, on Tuesday said that the Lok Sabha election will be held in There will be no contest between the Congress and the NPP in Tura Parliamentary Constituency.
Speaking to media, the FKJGP leaders said that according to the Meghalaya Identification and Registration of Migrant Workers Act, 2020, those who employ foreign workers must register. name in the Labor Department.
In South Tura, Conrad K Sangma will win, while in Ranikor, Martin M Danggo of the NPP and U.K. The NPP hopes that its candidate Martin M Danggo will win easily, but the UDP also believes that the party candidate Bah Pius Marwein will win. will succeed in this current round.
This was discovered and witnessed by the Adventure Team of the Youth Hostel Association of India, Meghalaya State Branch during a trekking trip to visit this unique Mawbah of all the Mawbahs in Meghalaya. in India on 29-04-2
The festival was organized with the support of the state government through the scheme known as 'Supporting Human Capital Development in Meghalaya' (SHCDM).
In 2018, the state had only 5814 cooperatives in the state and now there are 38,115 cooperatives and this includes 3.16 lakh households.
Umroi, Nailar 01: The Umroi Presbyterian Hr.Secondary School has honored 45 students who have completed their secondary and higher education.
He said that the complex has about 70 stalls.
The new office bearers are Sen Thabah of Umroi, Stening Nongbrih of Umsning, Franky Synrem of Nongthymmai, Pradeep Das of South Shillong, Romino Sangma of Mahendraganj, Sumit Lakiang of West Shillong. Salmanpara's right.
The UKHADC since 1965 has already prepared records that Assam at that time occupied the lands of Ri Khasi.
, said Mr. Dympep.
Shillong, Lber 04: Shillong Police today worked hard and fined 52 vehicles for smuggling iong and from these vehicles they seized up to T.23800.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HANM) today sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to demand that the government should lift the home quarantine for COVID-1
They also demanded that the police and district authorities should clarify where they have the authority to destroy such explosives inside the shops of the people who have nothing to do with the incident.
However, the price of biscuits has dropped further besides the illegal kilo cut and this price drop has also affected other commodities such as sohsaw produced in West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Chief Executive Member of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) Boston Ch Marak today sent the names of the MDCs to the Governor for approval. Committee.
“Let us take care and clean it, don't destroy it, don't hate it and don't pollute it because it is our land,” he urged the residents.
It was also seen that these other ethnic groups also clashed while Bah Kimfa was talking to the Assam police which shows that they don't care about Meghalaya.
During the meeting, the Synbut CEM took note of this and there were many discussions. The purpose of the meeting with the land owners was to verify with the documents that they have. They are located in Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 02: To assist the government authorities in curbing the violence in Shillong, the Army today conducted a Flag March in the areas where there is violence. at the request of the District Administration.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister has directed the DCs to send relief goods to the refugees.
On the part of Dr Don, he congratulated Ms. Banalari who has been one of the Khasi women who has been able to rise in the field of entrepreneurship to employ others.
The decision was introduced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, in which the entire House accepted the decision without any objection from the ruling or opposition parties.
The same rules and regulations appear in the following brief explanations of the procedures for registering land within the Hima Nongstoin and it can be said that these customs and traditions are almost widespread in Hynniewtrep.
“Rahul Gandhi has said that the Khasi and Garo languages ​​are not in the Eighth Schedule but he has forgotten about the Jaintia people. “The BJP also wants to know and ask what the Songres has done in the past 60 years when they were in power. why Rahul didn't make those words when he was in power, but only baseless questions," the BJP asked. to the Congress.
The Seng's visit was successful as it received the cooperation of all the owners and contractors who took the initiative to take away these workers immediately.
The conclave was inaugurated by Rakkam A Sangma, Minister of State for Education as the chief guest in the presence of Vice Chancellor Dr Alicia Gatphoh, Principals of various universities and colleges. teachers and students of this College.
The Chairman of the party, Bah Arjune Katrai, received the award with a jain ryndia, kpieng and syntiew in the presence of more than 400 people.
According to the 2018 report, the mortality rate is between 47% and 51%.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The President of the Khasi Jaintia Butcher Association (KJBA) on Tuesday said that the government has set up a slaughterhouse but there is no law to slaughter.
This visit is to ensure that there is peace from all sides.
The Program Head, Prime Hub Meghalaya was also present on the occasion.
In this regard, it has been handed over to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to improve the distribution and the distribution will be especially in those districts which have been most affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, such as East Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi and West Garo Hills District.
At this meeting, the Prime Minister explained that the decision to set up the Expert Committee was taken after a meeting with all political parties and after consultation with the political party leaders.
The construction of the JNV School in Mawsynram was completed before the outbreak of COVID-19 which has facilitated the work but now that the lockdown is over, the staff is still short. Delhi wants to see the process accelerated.
In the first list, the party has announced only 10 constituencies and the remaining constituencies will be announced in the coming months.
He said that on his part as the MLA of the village, they will issue a letter regarding this so that there will be no grief in the future. He said that he will also talk to the owners of the land to relocate the land. these are still valid.
“Prime Minister Duh spoke about experts' estimates that India's space activities will reach $16 billion to $8 billion in the coming years.
In implementing the objectives and objectives of the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 issued on 29th November, 2019 and to assist the States and UTs in this regard.
On this occasion, the office has lodged a complaint with the Nongstoin West Khasi Hills District Police Station. is involved in this failure to provide the accounts for the deposit process.
Conrad K Sangma was sworn in in the name of God, his ministers Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar were also sworn in in the name of God.
In another raid, BSF troops of 110 Battalion arrested nine Indian smugglers along with fish who were trying to smuggle to Bangladesh from the Indian border.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: HANM Southern Mawsynram Balat Border Circle has congratulated the MDA Government under the leadership of Chief Minister Shri Conrad Sangma on the construction of the Balat Shella Road which has been neglected for decades. The mountains of the poor and the happiness of the people of the border.
In East Khasi Hills, 126, North Carolina 1, Ri Bhoi 44, South Carolina Hills 1, South West Garo Hills 6, South West Khasi Hills 2, West Garo Hills 12 and West Jaintia Hills 8, the total number of cases is
The Executive Committee has decided to send the name of Bah Kitborlang Nongrem to the party authorities through the District NPP South West. On the other hand, the President of the NPP, Bah German Nongsiang, has urged the General Secretary, Bah Nelbi T. Sangma to take the necessary action.
Today, a record number of new airports have been built in India, connecting cities by flights.
Shillong, Naitung 28: Many trucks carrying water pipes have stopped on Umroi Road today and the question is how many tonnes of these water pipes weigh and whether they will pass through the Dawar Bridge or the Dawar Bridge. Ghost.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) on Friday lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Khasi Hills District for the non-arrest of a person who accused him of HANM on its Facebook Page titled 'Lympung ki Khun ka Ri', even after the 24 hour report has expired.
KIUG is part of the Government of India's Khelo India initiative which was launched in
The Chief Guest, Ma Kmenlang Lapasam, Waheh Shnong Sohkymphor Mission, in his speech, congratulated Ma Protasius Suiam for the honor and blessings that his school has brought to the village through the passing of students every year.
The maximum 28% price only applies to low-end products and services.
In view of these requests, the Government of India has extended the Mission until 31st October 2025 to complete the remaining 10% of projects.
Nongpoh, Iaiong 20: The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) Ri-bhoi District has expressed its concern over the increase in the price of food items especially rice. The price of rice has reached T.1650/- to T.1700spah 50kg along with the price of rice Arham.
: Two members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) who were arrested by the police on Tuesday were brought before the District and Session Judge of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday afternoon.
The MoU aims to build mechanisms of cooperation between the two countries in matters related to integration in the energy sector, peak-hour power sharing and contingencies; co-construction of projects; co-production of green hydrogen with clean hydrogen and electricity from renewable sources.
On the other hand, the Assam government said that the agreement between the two states should be signed.
To commemorate this day, the KHADC Council has announced the donation of Rs. 25 lakh for the construction and extension of the school from the Fifteen Finance Commission Grant received by the Council from the Central Government. .
The speakers included Dr. PA Bhatt, Professor University of Karnataka, Dr. Rehman from NEHU, Dr. SN Lamare from NEHU, Dr. R. Lamarr from Kiang Nangbah Govt College, Dr. ER Tongper from NEHU, Dr. A. Lyngdoh from Kiang Nangbah Government College, and Mrs. W. Sumer from Women's Wing, Sein Raij Jowai.
India is already strong in terms of resources for textile production.
The road was constructed in 2009 at a cost of T.271.52 lakh while the maintenance cost is T.6.61 lakh. lakh and in the writing placed in front of this road the contractor is Bah K.Pala.
He praised the gratitude of the people who received the 'Modi Guarantee' vehicle.
For the implementation of this Act, the Government in collaboration with the NIC, Meghalaya has announced the online application on 8th November 2023 so that residents (landlords/tenants) can register yourself with a certificate from local authorities.
Speaking at the meeting was Bah Ioannis Khriam, Secretary of Dong Iew Pynursla who encouraged the youth to take part in any good deeds in the village and society. society.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, welcomed the delegation at the ALG in Upper Shillong today in the presence of the Chief Secretary, Bah PS Thangkhiew and Bah AL Hek.
There is a Constitutional Anomaly in the Constitution of India for 64 years and because of this anomaly we have faced many problems because we need to amend many Acts, Rules and Regulations passed by Parliament, and many others. These are often in conflict with our customs and traditions and ways of life as a unique nation, especially in relation to the rights to land, waters, rivers, forests, jurisdiction, governance and customs. and others.
Syiem said that during the investigation, John Baglary from Assam and Zonglal Kipgen from Manipur were found to be drug addicts.
Although all the civil society organizations in Garo Hills are opposed to this policy, the Khasi-Jaintia groups will continue to insist that they are involved in this policy.
In his speech, Dr Mukul said that this road is very important for the people of Shillong, the length of this road is 505 meters and it was constructed at a cost of T .7.58 crore to build any buildings within government land is a problem.
District Transport Officer, West Jaintia Hills Pyndap Laloo and MVI of DTO visited the office on receiving information and it is highly suspected that the fire was caused by an electrical fault.
The highest payment per day last year (on the same day) was T.48,000 crore through 7.22 lakh payments and the highest hour of collection was (2-3 pm). same day last year) brought in Rs 6,400 crore through 65,000 payments.
On the same day, the CEM also met with the Village Authorities of Wahthapbroo, Qualapaty, Mawkhar, Mission, Umsohsun and Wahiengdoh in Motphran to discuss how to bring about a clean environment. A notice shall be issued to establish the Committee.
“I have written to the Minister of Power and also to the CMD office. This is a matter that affects the people and we need to provide the facts on this increase in electricity bill and we will send them,” he said. .
The letter of condolences was signed by Lambok President Starwell Marngar and Donald V. Thabah General Secretary.
Shillong, Iaiong 26: The Women Wings Central Body of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has issued a statement saying that the Women Wings Central Body (HANM) has issued a statement saying that there are men who rape young girls. They deceive them with money and deceive the girls with the promise that they will live righteously and righteously but when they have lived for only a few months. They have left and given birth to children on the grounds that it is the work of women and even if they have children they have no responsibility for the children they have given birth to even to pay for food. son spirit.
The meeting was also attended by the Minister in charge of Sports, Baht Banteidor Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Bansara Eye Care Center (BECC), SPECS, World Diabetes Foundation and Meghalaya Women's Alliance have celebrated World Diabetes Day with a Global Diabetes Walk today. sun.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 08: The Central Body of AJYWO under the leadership of Bah MH Dkhar and Bah WS Suting, President of AJYWO East Jaintia Zone, today met with the Deputy Commissioner of AJYWO East Jaintia Zone. The Block Development Officer of Wapung C&RD Block, formerly known as Khliehriat C&RD Block, and urged the two government officials of the district to expedite the transformation. The name of the Khliehriat C&RD Block: Khlehriat to Wapung as notified by the State Government since last year.
Panchayati Raj Institutions (PRIs) are the pillars of public administration.
Before the opening ceremony, speeches were delivered by several elders and the Shongknor of Mukhla Nongrim, Teng Sari, was the conductor of the meeting.
Regarding the total damage, the shopkeepers have admitted that it will exceed 100,000 tyngka but the police are still investigating whether it is true or not according to the shopkeepers. .
Shillong, Jymmang 07: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of the 19th Congress of Meghalaya attended a meeting of the Youth of the North Eastern Region of India in Bangalore. Shillong South: The KSU Bangalore Unit has submitted a petition to the Chief Minister through Bah Shullai. The KSU has demanded that the Meghalaya government should set up a Meghalaya House in Bangalore for the employment of the people of the state who work and study in the state.
India is a democratic country with many ethnic groups with their own customs and traditions. The belief in having one law is unacceptable.
The seized illegal immigrants were sent to the shop of Bah Binsing Kharphuli in the presence of the Assistant Returning Officer-Elections and witnesses.
On the other hand, the BSF is facing a lot of problems because there are Garo and Khasi people in Bangladesh, because according to the law, whether you are a Garo or a Khasi who is not from India, you are not considered a Garo or Khasi. day that minister country.
The Forum will soon submit a petition to the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma for the upgradation of the Sohra Civil Sub-Division to a full district. The headquarters of the Demand Forum should be located in Sohra, said Bah John W Thabah in a statement.
On the other hand, the government wants to bring about change in the communities in order to improve income, he said.
The NPP has expressed its deep sorrow and loss over his sudden death as he has made a great contribution to the party.
On the other hand, Bah Kharsohnoh expects that many children will be able to take part in the bigger tournaments and he also hopes that there will be many children who will be able to take part in the tournaments. children who will be able to represent the State as well as in various competitions.
He said the MDA government has decided that the ILP should be implemented in the state.
Independence came to our country in the middle of the night on 14-15th July,
Shillong, March 24: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 81 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 42 in West Garo Hills, 13 in West Jaintia Hills and 13 in West Khasi Hills. The total number of cases in the state has risen to
The BGB team of 13 army officers was led by Additional Director General Md Shazedur Rahman, Regional Commander, South East, Chattogram.
Vikash Gupta said.
As human beings we should live a free life and the government should not force the people to take vaccination and now the government has infected people with this COVID-19 which distinguishes between those who have been vaccinated and those who have not been vaccinated. Right, the government should not introduce this distinction.
The PNB has set up these training centers in 12 states of India and this one in Upper Shillong is the first in the North East. India.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the members of the High Power Committee (HPC), the Minister said that they have been given time to respond to the Blue Print regarding the request to respond within the 10June 2023.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Government today issued the notice for the MDC elections to the KHADC and JHADC. Latiplang Kharkongor has been elected as an independent candidate from Nongthymmai Constituency.
Shillong, Jymmang 17, 2023: As part of the efforts to improve income generation through new initiatives, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma together with the Minister in charge of Agriculture, Dr.M. Ampareen Lyngdoh, to inspect the implementation of various projects in several places in East Khasi Hills district.
At this meeting, they also decided to talk to the government to increase the fare and regarding the payment, the government should pay after the release of the vehicle.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills said that the reason for their opposition to the proposal to install Smart Meters is because these meters have defects and cannot work properly.
In another match between SAI and Odhisha, SAI scored a goal and won the match.
Hundreds of innocent souls have lost their lives in bloodshed.
On this day, the leaders of the three parties came from all over the Khasi Hills, but many of the members were blocked in the middle of the road before reaching the rally. they have come to this protest.
Speaking on the occasion, Prestone said that he had to ask Dr Mukul Sangma, “What is the mistake you made at that time when you strongly opposed the implementation of the ILP, what is happening now? “It's just because you're in the opposition that you don't need the ILP”.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: Nongthymmai Village Council in South West Khasi Hills District will celebrate its 64th anniversary in July The event was inaugurated by the Chairman of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem MDC of Mawkhar Constituency.
After the question period, the Chairman, Bah LG Nongsiej, directed Thankhiew, who had moved the motion of no confidence in the EC, to proceed with the motion. After the motion was tabled, the Chairman ordered that it should not start the hearing but it refused.
The people are expecting what they want and for this reason a committee has been set up to look into the election promises that should be implemented.
To climb back to the King of Mawbah Mawsan, there are strong and stable bridges that reach the summit of this stone.
He became his army chief and was chosen by Gandhiji to lead the Kheda campaign.
Former Acting Syiem of Bhowal Hima, Bah Kynsaiborlang N Syiem, said that the Council on the 23rd of last month had sent a letter to remove him as Acting Syiem and to appoint him as Administrator or Administrator. Kynsai said that while the District Council is still on its way, the council on the 24th came to take over. For the purpose of holding an election to elect the full Syiem of Bhowal Hima, suddenly in the middle of the preparations for the election, I was removed as the Acting Syiem of the Hima on the 4th of this month.
On the other hand, the officers of Horticulture and Agriculture informed that many farmers have been forced to turn back to the old days through modern technology, which will provide access to the Organic market. organic produce market) where the price is three to four times more.
Indian Silk has been promoted through product development and expansion of product range to meet the needs of the world.
On the other hand, the union has talked many times but it has ended only in papers, while the government departments that should appoint us do not recognize us.
In this meeting, Dr. AK Singh; Dr. R Sil and Dr. Shishir Tiwari, from the Department of Law explained to the village officials who came to take part in the rules and regulations of these new laws.
He said that the Director of Tourism has promised that the Tourism Department will provide special training to the drivers of tourist vehicles regarding safety, not to smoke inside the vehicle and others. others are teachers.
“Through the collaboration between Avenues and Young Change Agents, it is expected that thousands of youth in Meghalaya and the North East will be encouraged to start their own businesses,” he said. you are showing the way.
When the village leaders ask why they don't work properly on the road, the answer is that they don't get money from the Government,” said the statement.
He said that Yoga has transcended the borders and deity and has attracted the minds of millions of people from all over the world.
Speaking to reporters, the HANM leader recalled that Prestone Tynsong, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, had said during the elections that if the NPP comes to power, The authorities should resolve the border with Assam.
It has assisted in the installation of 694.5 MW power plants and the construction of 10,341.63 circuit km of transmission lines, the construction of 11 Inter-State Bus Terminals (ISBTs) and the improvement of infrastructure at 5 stations. regional airline.
The Hima has made arrangements for the holding of this thanksgiving at this holy market of the Hima which is held every year by the Hima.
In his speech, Manish Singh, Director of the ICCR, said that the customs and traditions of the people of the North Eastern Region of India differ from one ethnic group to another and it is necessary to maintain them and doing that is not easy.
The food and beverages produced by ITC are also exported to North America, Africa, Middle East and Australia.
However, Telinia Thangkhiew referred to the provisions of AD Rule 71, which stipulates that a motion after being introduced in the House can be taken within 24 hours or two days.
Since the outbreak of the pandemic, the National Telemedicine Service of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare between doctors and patients has improved significantly and many have started using it.
Various organizations such as the All Bodo Students Union, Koch Rajbonshi Organizations and organizations from Ksrbi-Anglong districts have called for a curfew since 31st November by blocking the trains. to this area to demand a state of its own.
However, the present Government, said Myntri Rangbah Duh, is committed to service delivery and therefore it can talk and work for the North East which has become closer to it.
He said that the party has been following up on this issue since
During the meeting, it was also discussed to set up helicopter landing sites at three places in Meghalaya and these places will not be opened soon.
Police have seized several aircraft and arrested Lolekson D Sangma, 37, one of the prominent GNLA cadres. long that the police have found that he was hiding the robbers.
The polling stations inspected today are Lapangap, Khanduli and Saitsama. These three villages have polling stations bordering Assam and Karbi Anglong District.
Uttar Pradesh has been paired with Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh.
Modi paid tribute to them and remembered the plight of those who lost their homes.
He also recalled that sometimes world-famous players like Maradona and Messi sit as reserves and give chances to others and leave in the minutes before the break.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Union of Village Authorities of Shillong (UVH) today held a meeting with the Village Authorities of Shillong.
Religious leaders in places of worship are conducting Shramdaan.
With this extension of age, those who have the ability to teach will have the opportunity to train themselves and by doing so, qualified teachers will be obtained and this will improve education in the state.
The States have been directed to act decisively to complete the task of tracing these persons.
“Recently, the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has gathered the leaders of the leading Christian religions in the country as a sign of celebrating Christmas which is the great day of all Christians in the world. In his speech, Modi added that Christmas is not only a Christian holiday but a great day for all citizens of India and reminded of his closeness to the people of India. Modi in 2021 when he met with Pope Francis in Rome invited Pope Francis to visit the country. India as a national guest,” said Bah Pohshna.
Today, 29-12-2021 at Mawkhar Christian Hr.Sec School, Shillong.
On the other hand, the SCC is delighted to see that this group has been able to do many things through their hard work to speak to the world through their songs.
The Government, as a measure of good governance, has introduced a subsidy scheme to LPG consumers through PAHAL. no misuse of money.
Reid Provincial Chest Hospital, East Khasi Hills District was also awarded the award and Ganesh Das Government Maternal and Child Hospital was selected as the best hospital in the field of treatment. the women and the children.
Ten cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District.
When we see and understand the dangers of plastics, we understand that we get plastics but we misuse them, so we need to use them properly as we take care of our own lives.
On 7th July 2021, the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF immediately sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma expressing their opposition to many of the decisions and plans. One of the eight issues raised with the government is the proposal to auction these sub-stations to a foreign company. The government will have to pay up to 3,75,000 tyngka per month to the company.
Thousands of youths from four parishes took part in the Holy Mass conducted by the Vicar General of the Shillong Archdiocese, Sohblei Richard Manbha Majaw. Sylvester Synrem Spiritual Director, Parish Priest John Balen of Holy Cross Parish Mawkynrew and other Priests.
Referring to the KHADC bill which is currently being prepared on how to run the villages, the Chief Minister said that let them talk and discuss and when it reaches the government it will be done. I will judge together whether it is in any way for the good.
It is on this basis that the thirty categories of rights divided into categories of this Declaration have been drawn up and written down.
“It has upset us at home because for whatever reason we don't know where she has gone and now we don't know where to look and her mobile phone has turned off,” said the family members.
Shillong, Lber 03: The National People's Party (NPP) MLAs today elected National President Conrad K Sangma as the Leader of the Parliamentary Party. they get to form a government.
Mawkhar-Pynthor, Mawsynram, Mawkyrwat and Mawlai are the most active constituencies in the country. to the MDC constituency.
The three Rihnos were rescued from Kaziranga National Park and are currently under the care of the CWRC. walk.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Water Supply Department of Mawkyrwat Division has lodged a complaint with the Borsora Police Out Post that the water pipes of the department which were used to supply drinking water to Chimasora village have been lost.
The ceremony and sacrifice to the Dkhen gods has been going on since the past few days and the 10th and 13th are the only days to end the ceremony with the color of behdeinkhlam. which brought the Rot Rong to Pungaitnar.
Peter and Paul for about 27 years and Archbishop Victor was appointed to the parish.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Border Security Force (BSF) has awarded 55 personnel in various ranks this year, four persons have received the Police Medal, three persons have received the President Police Medal and 47 personnel have received the Police Medal. they are brave.
He said that after this, the DC (Supply) has spoken to the IOCL authorities in Guwahati who have sent 10 trucks of LPG cylinders to the district.
Police have reached Smit to release the arrested persons but even the police have found it difficult to do anything because of the large number of people gathered at this place.
Today, the HANM, Women's Wing (WW), in collaboration with the District Child Protection Officer (DCPO) of Ri-Bhoi District, and the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) of Ri-Bhoi District, district, they inspected the orphanage at Killing which is run and owned by Kong Holy Kharjahrin.
However, the question of Samla Banshai is how long will the transformer reach the village and how many months will the people have to face this darkness.
He said the voters have the right to elect those they want, and he said they need to think carefully not to lose the right to have two leaders as enshrined in the Constitution of India.
Speaking on the construction of roads in many places, he said, “There is a lot of work going on, but due to lack of funds, many of the roads have to be stopped”.
The Shillong Archdiocese Catholic Youth Movement Zone-V, has also conducted a tree planting campaign in the surrounding areas of Pingwait village as part of the restoration of the environment. The Longshwa in the past have given back and they are now to preserve and protect for the future generations.
Yoga has united millions of people around the world who desire overall well-being.
However, when it comes to Mawroh Secondary School, it was explained that this school is supported by the village authority and since 2012 the students have passed the matric examination. T.100/- per month and the salary of the teachers is paid by the village.
Shillong, Lber 26: The election for the post of CEM of GHADC will be held today at 2 pm.
The candidates for the 12th Umroi Constituency are Arbinus Lyngdoh, Highlander Kharmalki from the 13th Mawryngkneng Constituency, James Ban Basaiawmoit from the 14th Pynthorumkhrah Constituency. 15-Mawlai, Judah JM Wahlang from 23-Sohiong, Leston Wanswett from 26-Shella, Counselor S. Wahlang from 30-Mairang and Synranlang Nongshlong from 33-Rambrai Jyrngam.
He said that according to the rules of procedure of the House, it is clear that an adjournment motion can be brought by specifying the topic of the matter to be discussed.
The victory has brought about a change in the region and her Department has also worked hard to open up opportunities for people with disabilities for inclusive development.
This was announced by the Commissioner and Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of the General Administration (A) Department in a statement today.
In addition, the department also provides services in the field of fluorescent in-situ hybridization for leukemia and breast cancer, flow cytometry for immunophenotying of leukemias free of charge or at price and lowest.
During their visit, they held a meeting with the officers of the state to discuss with them the preparations for the election, and also a meeting with the political parties of Meghalaya.
North Orissa University of Agriculture & Technology, Odisha.
New Delhi, March 11: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today delivered a video address at the United Nations World Geospatial International Congress.
However, the Minister said that she has not issued a law but has promised to issue a new guideline or instrument to all the DCs in this regard.
If anyone knows or knows anyone, please visit the Civil Hospital Shillong or call 0364-2230402, 0364-2
I sincerely hope that all the Honorable MLAs and all the parties currently in the MDA Government will see the danger of the MRSS Act,
: Bah FR Kharkongor, Secretary in charge of Education, Government of Meghalaya and Project Director SSA, has inaugurated the new building of the Presbyterian Primary School, Mawrah. Mawrah village is located on the road to Khatar village and falls under Laitkroh C&RD Block.
Despite the reports in the media that there is a division within the Congress party, today it has shown the unity within the party in which the party candidate has won easily.
U Bah H Nongpluh welcomed all the more than 80 delegates from all over India who attended the meeting which was held in Shillong today and will end tomorrow in the presence of Heeralal Samariya, IAS. He is the Chief Information Commissioner of India.
NEHU has conducted this job fair which started today and will end on the 18th of this month. It will help the students to understand that there are about 7000 jobs. which young people can choose as suits them.
Shillong, November 09: The total number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to 101, 58 from East Khasi Hills, 28 from West Jaintia Hills and 8 from West Garo Hills. , 3 cases in South West Garo Hills, 2 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in East Garo Hills and 1 case in North Garo Hills.
The union strongly condemns the health department especially the government for its stingy calculation without considering the people especially the poor and remote rural areas.
Speeches were also delivered by party leaders, Cabinet Minister AL Hek, National Council Member Mariahom Kharkrang, National Council Member David Kharsti and Dr Feneralla L Nonglait.
The day-long celebration concluded today with the distribution of prizes to the winners of various competitions.
In a letter sent to the Returning Officer of the 2-Tura Parliamentary Seat, the Meghalaya government has issued the NOC to Pawan Hans to suspend the registration. Pawan Han to use it on the condition that they should not ask for any rent during this time when the government has not taken rent.
He said that the opening of the college is to increase the number of science students at the college.
In his speech, MS Roa Additional Chief Secretary said that the winners of this competition will be given financial assistance and if they do well they will be selected to be sent to Russia in
“Because they have seen the danger to the lives of the people in the communities where they work, they continue to fulfill their duties,” she said.
When did we say we would give them space?  The land will be handed over to the Municipal and the Municipal will do whatever is necessary in relation to its employees,” said Prestone.
However, the Assam government has accelerated the construction of the illegally built office of its forest department in Mukroh by building office buildings and construction of a road to Samatan.
“We doubt, perhaps, the lack of attention of the JHADC and the State Government to fully implement their existing laws relating to trade, employment and residence of the Non-Tribal in Jaintia Hills, this not only causes a loss to the JHADC and the State Government but also puts the indigenous people at risk in the future”.
KVIC has also signed an agreement with Paytm to sell 2 crore packets of khadi handkerchiefs through online and mobile application.
“In this regard, Bah Pyniaid said that the Council has decided to work with the Dorbar Shnongs to educate the people in the villages, Hima and districts so that the people can understand how to collect land. to avoid polluting the environment including the water supply.
All are invited to attend.
This was written inside the GD Entry inside the Cantonment Police Beat House.
New Delhi, July 16: The Union Minister in charge of Agriculture and Rural Development, Shivraj Singh Chouhan today briefed the media on the release of the 17 20,000 crore under the PM-KISAN by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
This book will be of great benefit to the readers as they will get a lot of valuable information that the author has collected over the decades.
One of the speeches of the civil society groups demanded that there should be CCTV cameras in the police stations so that the police cannot harass those arrested.
Regarding these incidents, LYWA demands that the Meghalaya government should take immediate action and release the members of the Khasi Student Union (KSU) without any conditions.
On the part of Mawhati BCC, those who attended the ceremony were Charles Marngar, Adviser, BCC President, Daminot Sylliang, BCC President, Otril Pamshong, Working President, Ban Laloo, Vice President, BCC. Female, President of Youth Congress, Bah Gershom Dkhar, Genl.
The Congress party has expressed its concern over such incidents and AICC President Rahul Gandhi has strongly condemned these incidents. to this.
Vehicles coming from Longmaw Lailad will not be allowed to enter the taxi rank at Mot, but will have to pass through the road leading to Mawpat Circle-III to Shaw Shaw near the C&RD Block Mawpat office.
The purpose of the meeting with the journalists today was to urge the youth of the state to come forward and take this opportunity to get paid for the job they want to do.
"“On the other hand, with the introduction of a Bill to ban magical healing in the name of medical treatment by healers, in Assam, the ban has been lifted from the power of the be against the idea of ​​worship, prayer, faith, spiritual life that includes in humanity," the statement said.
Niangti also urged the members of the union in the unit not to allow the cement companies to come and buy land for the mining of Mawrasong (Limestone) as the mining of the companies has caused serious damage to the hills and rivers. , the Umbam, the Umdih, and the forests.
“However, we have received information that there are some buyers of coal that your office has not issued the NOC to transport the coal even after they have completed all the payments in the right way. .
The Journalists Association of West Khasi Hills (JAWKH) has expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of this member and fellow journalist from the district. of the District and the State as a whole.
To wear masks, to keep a distance of at least 1 meter from each other, not to gather too many people in one place and shop and not to spend too much time inside the shop.
Shillong, November 19: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) today held a bomb blast at Jaiaw parking lot in Motphran to convey to the Central Government in Delhi that the people of Meghalaya are demanding to implement the Inner Line Permit to prevent the influx of foreigners into the state.
Meghalaya has already witnessed that former CM Mukul Sangma, who has been in power for two terms, has slowly destroyed the rule of law, income, trade and peace in Meghalaya.
The Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills District will deploy police to operate vehicles in this area and there will be the cooperation of all to solve this problem through the cooperation of all.
Finally, KHNAM urges the people to give their full support to the leaders in the Legislative Assembly (opposition) who will continue to speak on these issues and also to the 10 political parties who will continue to speak on these issues. They continued their protest to demand the Government to implement the ILP in the State.
Guwahati, July 28: Founder of the National Socialist Council of Nagaland (NSCN), Issac Chisi Swu, passed away today at Fortis Hospital in New Delhi at 12.40 pm. today.
Another decision taken by the EC today is to suspend the sale of any products weighing less than 50 kilos to farmers. They weigh 10 kilos and don't weigh 1 kilo.
Bah Budlang Warbah, one of the Sordars who was present on the occasion, said that there are 53 villages in the Kharar area, but the 12-Shnongs were called because these Twenty villages fell under the jurisdiction of 12 sordars, which is why they are called 12-shnong.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister requested for special financial assistance from the Central Government for the holding of the National Games in the state and for the construction of various sports venues. for the National Games.
He said that as the Prime Minister in the past six months he has not been an MLA and now as the Prime Minister who has become an MLA, he said that his goal is to provide services to the people. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has acknowledged that running a coalition government is not easy, but in this MDA government, led by the NPP where he is the prime minister, there is a consensus even from those political parties which have only one MLA, when the government takes any decision for the good the miat of the state.
The party would like to congratulate Madam J.U Kharpuri who has worked hard for the welfare of the people while being compassionate in all their needs.
He said that the laws in India were made during the rule of the mynder and that they rejected the traditional beliefs and values ​​in Indian society at that time because the foundation was laid for this. in the interests of the foreign rulers of the country.
Shillong, Jan. 13; The Union of Waheh Shnongs and various civil society organizations of East Jaintia Hills today protested against the government's permission to import coal from Assam to the coal mining factories in the area. District.
Khongwir entered politics by joining the HSPDP and was one of the leaders who took part in the revival of the United Democratic Party (UDP).
According to sources, this family used to earn a living as a quarrymen.
These illegal Coke plants were destroyed by bombs.
The BSF troops on receiving a tip informed the Meghalaya Police to raid a camp at the border of Silbari village, South Garo Hills and seized 22 muid.
Sports Minister Anurag Singh Thakur and Sports Minister Nisith Pramanik will launch the programs across the country on 13th July, in which groups such as the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan.
On this day, all the drivers of the buses were present at the scene and threw stones at the fire pits which were dug at the scene by the workers after they said that they should not stop working.
According to newspaper reports , 13 people have lost their lives in the coal mining at Ksan near the Lyntein River in Lumthari on the 13th of this month and the coal mine is about 300 feet deep.
“We strongly oppose the Citizenship Amendment 2016 of the Central Government for the sake of the lives and livelihoods of our minority and we don't want our State along with other states in India, especially the “I don't want to be like a dustbin,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that the C&RD Block is the center of development where the government implements development schemes in the state. Any schemes implemented by the government are through the blocks.
Shillong, June 26: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Nongstoin today informed the public that the Central Government has implemented the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY) scheme with the aim of reducing the consumption of burn wood in cooking.
Shillong, July 14: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District Nongstoin today announced that the residents of West Khasi Hills District can register for Aadhaar at these places recognized by the DC's office. The places identified by the DC's office in West Khasi Hills District are in Shallang.
In the second phase of dismissal in 2019, 260 candidates were reinstated and 187 candidates were dismissed from 15 examination centres.
To distribute 2,09,000 Soil Health Cards to farmers, the government has allocated T.53 lakh to the SHC. The Meghalaya government has allocated T.1.59 crore to develop agriculture without the use of pesticides but the Meghalaya government has not yet released the figures.
Regarding this seizure, the police immediately called the police who are specially trained in the use of bombs to extinguish them at the same place.
At this meeting, they also wanted the government to set up a Policre Out post but they said that for now they will not talk anymore and they will resolve the border.
However, it is surprising that in Bharat, which sends vaccines across the world, 60 crore people do not have access to vaccines because they cannot afford affordable medicines.
Drugs destroy the user personally and society, because they destroy our society.
In this regard, the union has received permission from the Delhi Police to hold a sit-in protest on 3rd November 2023 and the union calls upon all the people of Meghalaya. Those who cannot attend will join in this protest.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said he admits that the incident has been contained by the Police Department and peace and order has returned to the area.
Shillong, June 23: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by Bah Titosstarwell Chyne today decided to meet with the Chief Minister. Conrad K Sangma to discuss the T.20 crore which is the share of the Council which the government has not released yet.
Bangladesh has sent a team of five officers from the army to visit Agartala to inspect the memorials for the soldiers who gave their lives in the country. It was during the Bangladesh War in
The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang, through the Health Department, has expressed its regret and requested the Government to repair the PHC as soon as possible so that it will be of benefit to the residents of Umkiang. to escape the rain.
They strongly opposed the Living Bridges Foundation which has been working for several years to promote the value of bridges led by Bah Morningstar Khongthaw. They admitted that the MBDA has come to explain to their villages and explained the needs which has been accepted by the people as it will be of benefit to many.
“The objectives of the soskular include the construction of Pump Storage Hydro Power Projects, the development of Large and Small Hydroelectric Power Projects, and the exploration of opportunities to increase the number of Solar Projects.
The Chief Minister said that such a meeting is necessary to celebrate the uniqueness of preserving the customs and traditions and to ensure and expect the future generations to continue to preserve the customs and traditions. custom is special.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the party, Bah Khongwir, said that the dewbilat companies in the state will not be willing to do this unless they have the cooperation with the Congress-ruled government.
“In his speech, Bah Hek said that the award he has received is not equal to the Padma Shri Award 2024 for Kong Silbi.
Other EMs were also present on the occasion. The meeting was conducted by Bah M Kharkrang Secretary Legislative Wing of KHADC and the welcome speech was delivered by the Joint Secretary.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah PS Dkhar, said that he has received information that there is a road blockade in Sohiong-Mawtap village. The Engineer in charge of the area has been directed to leave tomorrow morning to meet with the residents to resolve this issue.
The head coach of the team presented the jersey to the headmaster of the college as a souvenir as the college has supported the club in many sports.
When asked about the entry and exit of people into the state, u Bah Tynsong said that until now the entry and exit of people into the state is still closed. The government has not allowed people to enter and leave the country.
Umsning, June 05: U Rev PBM Basaiawmoit, an independent candidate from the HSPDP and KHNAM, today arrived in Umsning to campaign for the election. for the MP election to be held on the 9th of this month.
The program was conducted by Samla Francis G. Mawlong and welcome speech was delivered by the President of the Unit, Samla Aibok Swett.
This is also a barrier to unemployment for the unemployed youth.
The purpose of the event is to raise awareness among the people on how to protect and maintain water sources so that they are clean and safe and at the same time to raise awareness that water is important. cleanliness and cleanliness.
Shillong, March 29: The loss of Bah Vincent H Palat as Minister of State in the Union Government will affect the Congress party in Meghalaya especially in the Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The Catholic Church has set aside the month of Naiwieng as a month of prayer for the souls of the deceased.
All the MDCs of KHADC have been informed of the convening of this special session by letter.
On the other hand, Dr Rani said that soon they will have a place in Shillong where people can get information regarding their desire to send for treatment at the hospital of the company.
Those who wish to visit can visit on this day to see the flowers that bloom during this spring.
The first International Yoga Day was held on 21 July 2015 by the United Nations General Assembly and was supported by many countries of the world.
He said that the UDP, Congress and others would benefit if the CAB is implemented. He said that if the central government has the power, if there is a need to change the central theme of the discussion in the world, this work has to be done.
Meanwhile, media sources close to the UDP said that the party does not want to withdraw from the EC but wants a change in the leadership.
At the same time, the Minister said that she wants to see that the bank should open these ATMs in the villages as well as to provide services to the people in a more convenient manner. .
There have also been rebel groups that have expressed their desire to reach the negotiating table.
The Chief Guest on the occasion was the Minister of I/C Market, Minister K.Langstieh as a sign of his hard work in the HMYWO. to work better according to the passage and changes of time.
M War Nongbri, President, Archery Association Meghalaya, PB War Nongbri, Secretary, Prof PS Shukla, Vice-Chancellor, NEHU attend the closing ceremony of the archery competition.
He said that as of now, there are 342 households and these are those who have been there since the past and those who are present. They talked about the issue of transferring land to those who were not allowed in the Harijan Colony.
The Government has been paying T.50/- in 1965 and T.50/- in 1967 and T.50/- in 1969 and T.50/- per annum. In 1975, T.50/- was still paid and the last payment was in 1977 and the payment of T.50/- shows that the Nongkhlaw Kur are the owners of the land.
The ringed water pipe has been cut off at Stand Jeep for many months and there is no continuity to supply it. he pipes and falls to the ground.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The Congress Legislative Party (CLP) has decided to nominate Winnerson D Sangma MLA of Salmanpara constituency. to be the party's candidate for the speaker election.
Charles Marngar is the assistant to DD Lapang President of the MPCC and at this meeting the MBCC has approved Bah Marngar to be the party's candidate and hopes to win the MLA election. Election in this Constituency.
The next day, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh informed the parishioners to reopen the Parish Mawpdang.
The Customs (Preventive) North Eastern Region (CUS) has issued this information as part of the celebration of the International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking through awareness programs and activities to destroy the seized drugs.
According to the statement, these four persons took a vehicle and went to the East Jaintia Hills Police Station in Khliehriat on the night of 13/7/2021 and detonated an IED bomb at the step of /7/2021/ and in this incident one policeman was injured.
Shillong, Naitung 29: Regarding the FIR lodged by the Secretary of KHADC, B Basaiawmoit, the police are now conducting a search operation against those involved in the destruction of the office of the KHADC. SP of East Khasi Hills District, Bah M Kharkrang, said that the police have been searching for the perpetrators.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) led by General Secretary Robertjune Kharjahrim has met with the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem to demand that the trading licenses should be revoked. this stone is the Council.
Speaking at the X Session, the National People's Party (NPP) Leader and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma congratulated the two newly elected MPs from Meghalaya, Saleng A. Sangma and Dr Ricky Syngkon. .
After receiving information about the opening of these offices which did not respect the special days of the Khasi, the union ordered them to stop working immediately.
This neglect can affect in many ways, including housing, education, employment opportunities and most seriously the loss of livelihoods and livelihoods.
In this regard, we express our opposition to the king," he added.
The closure of these markets has been for about three months and this has caused a lot of trouble to the traders where some of them have to auction even their belongings because they have no choice. to earn something else.
The chief guest on the occasion was Rosetta Mary Kurbah, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong.
This will start from the 22nd of this month in the Eastern Range and on the 26th of this month for the Western Range.
“The NPP Womens Front strongly condemns this incident and we don't want these incidents to happen again while we are preparing for our candidate Dr. Ampareen.
The role of shun in the Khasi culture is almost as important as the mluh in human life in society from the shet ka tiew to the treatment of many diseases in the body.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah, while addressing the drivers on the occasion of the National Road Safety Month, said that this celebration is very important because we are talking about the value of life. also to play.
Answering a supplementary question, the Chief Minister said that the age limit for employment in the state is up to 27 years and has been extended by five years for the ethnic minorities and minorities. to 21 years, while the age limit for teacher recruitment has been increased to 27 years.
At an inspection meeting held today, it was informed that an oxygen plant has been started at Tawang in Arunachal Pradesh with funding from the Ministry and steps are underway to open more of these plants. oxygen in rural areas of other States.
These leaders expressed their deep sorrow over the problems faced by the commuters in Laskeiñ Block due to the deterioration of the Pasyih Garampani Road (PG Road).
The complaint came from Bah Sylvester Lamare, husband of Rika. Police have urged the public to inform the police at 9774070078 and u u number 0364-223069.
These two ethnic groups have been introduced into the same state of Meghalaya.
In the cold weather which happened on the 6th of this month, many houses of people covered with tins have been completely destroyed when the cold weather has covered the houses of the residents.
Besides the leaders of the HFU Central Body, the Principal Secretary in charge of Veterinary and Corporation GHP Raju (IPS) was also present as the chief guest.
If Didika has compassion for her people, why doesn't she reduce the price of petrol so that it doesn't exceed T.100/litre?
It is learned that with this card, people will get a discount of between 5% to 35% from the shops which have already signed a contract with this group by showing this card.
Assam also won the National Games in
Referring to the MDC of Mawhati, Bah Charles Marngar, he said that he has received such complaints from several people in these days, but it is understood that this is not just one or two. In 10 villages, this increase in light bill has been in almost all villages.
He congratulated the newly appointed youth and said, “I am confident that you who have been appointed will contribute to building a new India through new ideas, technology and public participation.
The Prime Minister said that India is proud of its scientists.
Speaking at the meeting, many farmers expressed their dissatisfaction with the government's neglect of their farming activities.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Hill Farmers Union (HNU) has urged the office bearers of different blocks to elect their members to lead the 1st Meghalaya Farmer Parliament to be held in November,
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Liana Rani, owner of the land, said that although the government authorities from Ri-Bhoi district and the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) have come to investigate. and look at the land adjacent to the road but until now they have not been able to pay the fee for the land.
Shillong, Nailur 08: Students of St. Anthony's College, Shillong from the Mass Media Department who are at the beginning of their studies, have organized a game entitled “Heaven of Freedom? ??".
Furthermore, they will disseminate information to the people by reaching the remotest parts of the state.
On a tip-off, police raided the vehicle at Mawlai Mawiong Rim and seized the vehicle and arrested two persons identified as T.Ginlienthang and Lamminthang Pongam. 100 boxes of soap containing drugs were seized.
Pyndapborthiaw said they don't see that the government will call for a meeting on this issue to get the explanation and opinion of many people, but it is seen that MR is trying to make flesh and blood only the your mind and heart.
SPVS Secretary KC Momin told SP News Agency that the Society has not yet received any funds for the implementation of the development works. The rules of procedure of the Society, after their completion, will be sent to the committee headed by the Chief Secretary of the State, Bah WMS Pariat.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 560 people have tested positive for COVID-19 and 4338 people are still in critical condition.
Everyone has been ordered to quarantine if they have any.
The land is not mine, but the land belongs to the Municipal,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Shillong, June 17: KSU Mawlai Circle on 17.4.2024 under the leadership of Samla Eddie Malngiang (GS, Mawlai Circle) on Tuesday donated to two households, the household of Ri Wanshnong and Twistina Nongneng. residents of Mawiong umjapung Nongneng A. This assistance is for these two households who lost their houses due to the fire which happened on .2024.
“As I talk to the teachers, you are a visionary, who contributes equally to the school, even though you are not a member of the committee, but you have contributed a lot and we cannot repay you,” he said. “When you come to our school, you don't come empty-handed, even if you say a little, but we don't. ibarit, thank you very much.
The Geological Survey of India (GSI) has implemented 108 projects in the region related to various mineral resources in the last five years and 23 projects in the region during this period. 2022-23.
Officials from the Department of Horticulture were also present on the occasion.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: BSF troops from 172 Bn Ratacherra on Tuesday seized 20 muid from Umkiang while they were trying to smuggle them to Bangladesh. and Assam.
In a statement, the residents of Wahkhen said that the actions of SP East Khasi Hills Bah Mariahom Kharkhang and SP (Crime) Bah Vivek Syiem have set an example for others to shock people. Before conducting such illegal activities in Wahkhen village from 19th to 21st June, 2014, the police came to check on the 21st of this month. receive authority from the district authorities.
The President of the All MeECL Union Association (AU) said that they have set a deadline for the government to release the salaries today but it has not been able to do as they demanded. On the 15th of this month, they will hold a strike.
The Union expresses its gratitude to you for bringing in the Meghalaya Assembly today, the proposal on the urgent need for special protection under Article 371 of the Constitution of India.
A meeting was held between the BSF and BGB in Shillong today on issues that were not discussed at the level of the DGs of the two countries. return to their respective countries via Dawki.
The religious leaders of the area also urged the people to remain calm.
Shillong, Iaiong 29: A cyclone has struck at 9.30 pm on Thursday night and damaged 15 houses in four villages in Ri Bhoi District.
However, the police, who thought carefully, were able to resolve the incident and the people regained their peace.
Among these three states, Meghalaya is the easiest state to infiltrate with these refugees from Assam as it has a 900 kilometer border with Assam and there are no refugees. There are strong laws that can prevent these foreigners from Assam from entering the state.
On the same day, there was also a meeting of the children of Hynniewtrep who are studying and working in Delhi from the Longkmie, Rangbah and Samla on the theme “U Prew ka Imlang Sohlang ka Mationg Bah Hamletson Dohling, former KSU leader and current advisor to the CM of Meghalaya, was also present.
S. Bordoloi, Consultant, SDMA, State Government.
Along with providing immediate assistance to those who have experienced such incidents of rape, they also strengthen the control of those who commit such illegal acts.
The main benefit goes to the villagers because the ATMs are far from the Ganesh Das Hospital. This puts the villagers in trouble but the State Bank has increased the number of Mobile ATMs on the ground floor of the hospital. Help all those who are treated at this government hospital.
Ong the news.
We want the incident to be investigated immediately so that it does not cause confusion among the students," the union said.
Shillong, Nailar 28: Three beautiful girls from Meghalaya left for the Philippines in April and November this year.
The Prime Minister's Secretary was speaking on the incident in Umsning regarding the arrest of people going to Silchar.
Modi also made some important announcements.
The resignation of the MLA is to contest the election to be held on the 23rd of next month from the United Democratic Party.
Referring to Meghalaya and its situation, we would like to say that we need the District Councils and also the ILP or we can say that we need the Stieh and the sword to protect the country. .
“I don't know how many times Bah Sanbor Shullai went to the Assembly.
Bah Syiem said he welcomes the decision of the High Court today and with this decision of the High Court it will resolve the issues behind the scenes as well as any government that Later on, they will no longer compete with the District Councils.
Shillong, July 12: Shillong Police on Tuesday morning raided a house at Nongkhyriem in Nongthymmai and arrested six persons. The Anti-Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) has seized drugs from the suspects.
Among the many problems that the KHADC has faced regarding the construction of the road in the backward area , the KHADC has now faced another problem regarding the release of the The money from UCIL to pay the contractors who have dedicated their lives to build the road.
The Emerging Player award went to Aloto Sumi of Nagaland in the men's category and Sheikh Neha of Manipur in the women's category.
On the other hand, the two organizations have decided to work together in the future on issues affecting the welfare and livelihood of the people of North East and South India. .
Another reason is that many times the drivers are under the influence of alcohol while driving and this is especially at night when the overturning of vehicles happens more often and this leads to the death of the driver of the chariot and the driver of the chariot.
He said he remembers the times when people had to go to government offices but now the government reaches the homes of the people by delivering services to all.
The flag of the country is now hoisted on the streets of Kashmir.
To strengthen the security, police teams have been deployed in areas where police teams are still needed. Separate entry and exit points have been set up to manage the crowd. I'm not going to this railway station.
He urged the youth within the NCC to be its leaders in the future and to be the youth who can bring about change for the better.
Shillong, November 18: A Garo religious song in the form of a video was released today at Shillong Press Club entitled “Ka.
Ms Wamon has now appointed four employees to work with her, not only that she has also trained people in this field.
It is learned that the fire broke out on Friday night on 5/04/2020 and the fire is still going on today.
Therefore, the DoT has issued the following orders for completing KYC activities without having to meet people.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah SS Rynjah Secretary of KJWA today.
This was announced by the Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh in a statement sent to the Catholic Church. Pope Francis has appointed Reverend Father Ferdinand Dkhar as the new Bishop of the Diocese of Jowai on the 8th of November, 2023 at 3:30 pm.
On the same day, the Chief Minister also inaugurated the Purakhasia C&RD Block at Chongnapara in the presence of MLA Winnerson D Sangma, Co-Chairman. , State Planning Board, Ian Botham K. Sangma and many other government officials.
Therefore, those who have Aadhaar for these reasons and who wish to withdraw, please come to the Office of KSU, Central Body, Jaiaw, Shillong from 29/10 to 13/11/2018 for more information. claim.
Dr Lana E Lyngdoh Nongbri said it is shocking and sad to know that the death toll from tobacco is up to 8000 people every year.
Shillong, Nailar 30: Ribait Phawa of NCC, Rama Krishna Mission School, Sohra, has been selected to take part in the All India Quiz Competition. The conference is on the science of space and during this visit he will have the opportunity to meet with the Prime Minister of India. India on the day of the launch of the Chandrayaan-2 satellite.
The platforms of people who have passed out from educational institutions have a huge scope to contribute to the progress of educational institutions, he said.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah PN Syiem, CEM of KHADC, said that the District Council has met with the CM after the NDA government has abolished the fiance commission of the District Council. You can apply for Under Special Assistance from the Government of India.
It appears that the university has acted at its own discretion without getting permission to admit students to the university starting in 2010-1
On the other hand, the Secretary in charge of the Secretariat said that these two offices are under the jurisdiction of the police. The police shall be at the gate, and thou shalt not be allowed to enter.
Other office bearers are Charles Thabah, Vice Chairman, G. Pariong and members of the Executive Committee. Well Gregorious Paliar.
Dated 26/06/1981: NO.PER(AR).239/80/49.
Despite the many challenges faced by the village, the hard work and perseverance has brought about many changes in the environment of the village by implementing various schemes within the village. village.
In the women's semi final, Ri Bhoi District and East Khasi Hills District reached the final after beating Eastern West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills District respectively.
Shillong, July 19: The Election Committee of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has announced that an election will be held to elect the new office bearers of the KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit. the term of office 2018-2
The Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today visited Mairang to renew the office bearers of the Mairang Circle after some selfish people tried to defame the party. Without any reason, it was published in the newspapers on 13th November, 2013 that the FKJGP has been dissolved in Mairang.
He said that the DC will take action on this issue and will soon discuss with their Joint Committee. the dorbar shall be called.
During the meeting with the Chief Minister, it was understood that the Sur Ki Paidbah Mawlai will express that the Shnong Mawlai Mawtawar has already decided to allocate the land in Mawlai Mawtawar. The Mawlai Town Durbar has also sent a letter to the office of the Director of C&RD, Meghalaya.
The President of the HSPDP, Bah Martle N Mukhim, has contested the MDC election from Mawkynrew constituency.
As the Seng has been established since 2008 to stand for the cause of protecting the land, from now on we will have to fight hard because we understand that the land is the country and if we lose “It means that we have lost our country,” said Bah Lamphrang.
The union hopes that on the basis of sympathy for others in such a sad time, their lives just because they are paid by the government, will be a great blessing and their lives will be happy if The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has shown mercy to the school children.
At the same time, they also urged the Government to improve the border market so that the farmers from Pynursla area can market their produce.
On the other hand, the opposition leader asked many questions in front of the engineers who were accompanied by Superintending Engineer Bah C Marngar from Electrical, Bah BL Lawai Executive Engineer and Bah BL Lawai Executive Engineer. SDO is the longest.
The union also informed about the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) and in this regard, the union will send a letter to the Regional Director so that the residents of East Jaintia Hills District can get It will also be a benefit to the students who have dropped out of school part-time to continue their studies.
Therefore, the FKJGP-EJH requests the district administration, the police department and the Motor Vehicle Inspector (MVI) to take the necessary action. NCC ADG Major General Ananta Bhuyan today met the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
The same bus will leave Nongstoin for Shillong at 3 pm from the parking lot near Anderson School, Nongstoin.
Answering a supplementary question, CEM PN Syiem said that the agreement this year was between the UKJHADC and ASEB, but when the state got its own, it became MESEB and now it has been transferred to MESEB. MeECL. In this regard, a committee has been appointed to look into this, because this agreement was at that time and now there has been a change but this agreement remains the same without any changes.
Shillong, July 08: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its surprise and shock over the remand of two leaders of the union in police custody and the continued filing of cases against them. of the organization.
“If the authorities in charge of the road department do not take action on this issue, how much this road will not be suitable for traffic.
The first word of the preamble is “We” means “we the people of India.
Teiborlang Pathaw EM in charge of the construction of houses of the District Council said that according to the PIL No.10 regarding the construction of houses near the Umiam River, this has affected the works of the KHADC on the bridge. With the question of the MSPCB on the Septic Tank, there will be an arrangement to resume the completion of the work.
With the arrival of the authorities from Shiliang duriaw, it has changed completely.
Shillong-793001.
Union Minister Scindia said that this is to strengthen air traffic in the North Eastern Region of India. praise in the work of the judges.
Out of the four matches that Shillong Lajong FC have played, they have scored 50 points, won three, drawn one and lost one in the I-League this season.
The Seng Samla Catholic Parish Mawkynrew Parish will hold a one-day Sohphlang Festival to promote the traditional food produced in the area.
“Whatever decision you take, these examples should be witnesses to your character,” said the Vice President.
Other Bangladeshis arrested by the BSF while trying to enter India from Lyngkhat are Md Zakaria, Md Sohel Ahmed, SK Babibulla Zalali. you don't have to.
From the Director Health Services Department, T.82.4 crore has been spent on the purchase of ventilators, machines, oxygen and other purchases. it is T.40 crore.
However, the MDCs in the KHADC, especially the opposition, as stated by Bah Lamphrang Blah, Leader of the Opposition and Bah RV Lyngdoh MDC from the Congress party, have demanded that this money should be distributed to the KHADC. all MDCs have received T.1.50 crore.
He said he doesn't want to cut off his leg because he still hopes that after the treatment he will be able to walk again and at the same time he expressed his hope through the treatment of doctors and nurses. he shall be healed again.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA of Laitumkhrah today went to the District Council to express her opposition to the division of Laitumkhrah into two MDC constituencies.
Shillong, Naitung 24: Police have thrown stones at a meeting between the Chief Minister and members of the protesting civil society in Tura today. The District Administration has imposed a curfew in Tura.
He said he was the first MLA in the state at the time of the formation of Meghalaya, he was an MLA from 1972 to
One person from East Jaintia Hills, one from East Khasi Hills and three from Ri Bhoi District have tested positive for COVID-19 since the beginning, bringing the total number of cases to 93,7
In 2018, FKJGP has launched a social and economic movement for the farmers. On this basis, the FKJGP has traveled around the East Khasi Hills District to gather and gather farmers. to the farmers to encourage them to continue farming.
Regarding the letter to the High Command, it is written from time to time to discuss the activities of the party. This is not new. He said that the meeting is the same from time to time and there is nothing surprising.
The Chief Minister said that if people cannot be trained to set up their own jobs, it will be a big problem for the state as everyone knows that government jobs have decreased as the number of jobs increases. day.
The College would also like to thank WAM Booth Director of Sports Department, Bah Arki Nongrum CEO of Meghalaya Football Association for allowing the College to use the ground for the purpose of training. you're playing.
Information on COVID-related measures is as important as getting vaccinated, and this should be followed even after getting vaccinated.
In his speech, SI ER Marak stressed that the VDPs should not only look after crime in the villages but also to provide services to the surrounding areas and to protect the environment from the forests and wildlife. client.
The BJP President BJYM questioned whether Dr Mukul Sangma does not know and respect Dr BR Ambedkar, the father of the Constitution of India, the drafter of the Constitution of India. Different ethnic groups and religions from small to large have been able to freely follow our customs and traditions through the leadership of this great man and the Sixth Scheduled has also been developed under his leadership. the wisdom of this great man which is a special protection for us the people.
Dearness Allowances of 62 percent and 70 percent have also been released to all teachers including deficit teachers.
Prime Minister Duh congratulated the European Parliament elections which started today.
Shillong, Nailur 23: Leaders of the BJP party under the leadership of Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, in the presence of Arvind Yadav, Secretary of the party in charge of Meghalaya, on Tuesday met Dr DD Lapang, Minister of State for Home Affairs. former state official at his residence Thursday.
So far, sitting MP Agatha Sangma from the National People's Party (NPP) and Saleng Sangma from the Congress have filed their nomination papers from the Tura seat.
Under the PRASAD scheme, the Ministry of Tourism of the Union Government has sanctioned eight projects worth T.256.45 crore for the development of identified tourist destinations in the North Eastern States.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that after these places, they stopped at Amring and then at Narling and reached Umshaleni and left at Domupaham. These areas fall under the jurisdiction of Ri Bhoi District.
Regarding the arrest of the smugglers, they were smuggling the drugs through the forest roads. When the BSF received a tip, they chased them away. flee and leave the alcohol behind.
The District Administration of East Jaintia Hills District today told the committee that seven persons have been arrested so far and two persons have been taken for further investigation. The committee has found that there is a serious shortcoming in the investigation into the incident.
All the groups are urged not to hold meetings during this period by distributing donations and other activities while the election is not over as the polling will be held on the 27th of this month. except for violation of the Model Code of Conduct.
Members of the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) in collaboration with members of the Mawkyrwat Youth Seng (SSSM) on Tuesday morning at 7:00 pm arrested a man who was arrested. It is suspected that Khrawbok Namlein is a drug trafficker in Mawkyrwat village after the two groups have been working hard since four o'clock to arrest him.
In collaboration with the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the G20-IMF High Level Dialogue on Capacity Building and the Two-Pillar Solution have been developed to demonstrate how countries work to improve tax capacity in workplaces.
Regarding the state government's plan to turn off the electricity supply, the KSU said that it should not disturb the people especially the students.
He also wished that the market will run smoothly.
Giving an example of the increase in living standards in the North East, the Prime Minister said that the progress of the work to connect all the cities of the North East including Shillong by rail and the increase in The number of flights per month has increased from 900 before 2014 to 1900 today.
However, since this has happened, the Provision of sub-section 2 of section 1 of the Act, 1973 clearly states that it is the meaning of the Dorbar of MDCs, not only The Executive Committee or the CEM alone shall decide whether to accept or reject the implementation of the Act 1973 in the Autonomous District.
The opening of this tungtap farm is part of the government's efforts to improve the income of the villagers involved in the farming and sale of fish or any other products that can be produced from It is also hoped that such schemes will help in providing employment to the residents who play a major role in the income generation of the country and the state.
The Minister said the Cabinet has approved the appointment of CP Marak, a retired Indian Forest Officer, as the Executive Chairman of the MBOSE for a period of 12 months.
Some who have the ability to teach do not have the opportunity to train themselves because of the lack of tuition fees b.
Shillong, July 03: Some of the 2019 readings and 2020 hopes are The follow-up with the State Government on the rights of Ri Khasi under the IOA & AA, is going on without rest but we have to follow up with the authorities. KHADC has appointed a new CEM.
The shortage of post lights in Meghalaya is across the villages and even in Shillong as MeECL does not have the staff to look after and inform the office from office to office. No one has been appointed to look after such post lights.
The main objective of these directives is to maintain the achievements in the fight against the spread of COVID-19 which has been seen through the decline in the number of ongoing and new cases in the country in these the last four months.
During the raid, police seized 92 containers of heroin weighing 99.21 grams, 51 empty containers, 13 boxes of soap. drugs, one mobile phone, and one Aadhar Card.
Shillong, Nailar 29: About 15,000 teachers in the union today continued their strike in protest against the government's failure to respond to their demands.
The NIDHI platform will help in gathering information on the opportunities available at different tourist destinations, needs of tourism activities in different places.
“We will never forget you and the Hill State troops.
The party has written and demanded this from the previous government of Mukul Sangma and also from the present government of Conrad Sangma and we will continue to follow up on this.
Regarding the MGNREGS scheme, Meghalaya has so far implemented up to T.1000 crore.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: Members of the North East Students' Organization (NESO) led by Bah Samuel Jyrwa are in Delhi to meet with political party leaders from other states of India. to seek their support to oppose the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016 if the BJP introduces it in the Rajya Sabha in the current session.
: Police of Madanriting Police Station, on Saturday, have recovered the body of a woman who was trapped in the rocks of Umkhen river under the Dorbar Shnong Mawshbuit in Kharkamni Village.
Their main demand is that the central government should increase the wages, increase the HRA by 30%, 20% and 10% at the same time. put the vehicle allowances of the employees which are the deficiencies within the ninth pay commission.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The MDC candidates of KHNAM today took their oath of office in front of Mot Tirot Singh in front of the State Central Library Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 07: Police in Assam today seized a truck coming from Dimpaur at Khetri and seized several air bags from the truck. They were sent to the GNLA in Garo Hills.
Referring to the employment opportunities, the Prime Minister said that there is a need for a State Technical University to run and in this era to establish this government needs T. 60 crore.
The 217th session of the NFDC Film Bazaar was held through the VFX & Tech Pavilion, the screening of documentary & non-feature films and projects, the Knowledge Series and the Book to Box Office.
Bah Shylla said that if the vehicles carry goods, the owners of the vehicles will still earn a living but if the railway comes, all the vehicles will have to stay at home.
This name which means "Abode's of Cloud" is indeed the name of Jem rngiew which has covered the Khasi-Pnar and Garo people.
Shillong, July 07: Since the independence of Meghalaya in 1972, new political parties have emerged in almost every Assembly election in the state.
The arrival of these robbers was no longer only for the purpose of robbing but also for the purpose of kidnapping the villagers and demanding money from them.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Meghalaya Gorkha Ex Servicemen Welfare Association (GHSA) has urged the state government to set up a Non-Tribal Security and Welfare Board in the state and to appoint Rangbah Shnongs. On the other hand, the Vice President of the KSU Seng Kmie, Samla Fredrick Kharmawphlang, on Tuesday said that the government should not entertain the demand of foreigners. Foreign states shall not own or rule in this land of Hynniewtrep.
This action of the government has shocked the insurgents who have emerged as tied in Garo Hills.
It is learned that the officers in charge of this long-term work, without mentioning their names, have already sent a suggestion to the government to increase the salary from T.1000/- to T. /- tyngka, but the government has rejected it on the grounds that it is too high.
This school was established in 1891 and was run by the KJP Synod.
On this occasion, there was also a song by the visually impaired and a dance by Josila Makdoh who cannot see.
"The program is named this way because it is a combination of many genres of music.
Looking back on the past years, what comes to mind is the fact that Sardar Patel got a united India at a time when the rulers of the states had the opportunity to unite with India or Pakistan or to remain independent.
Bah Shabong said that during the meeting, the two EMs of KHADC have expressed before the JAC that they have no knowledge of what happened. Executive Committee because it is not their part to discuss.
The total number of deaths from the disease has risen to 94 in the state.
“The petition we have sent to the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) is more difficult because the demand is to introduce the Official Bill in the next session.
Hek said that so far, 11812 people have tested positive, 11455 people have tested negative, 44 people have tested positive, 30 people are still in critical condition and 13 people have recovered. and one died.
: Two youths, Khrawbor Pakma and David Sajem, have lost their lives in a road accident on October 31, The Scooty (ML05 AB 5721) collided with a Hyundai Eon and at the same time collided with the wheel of a truck.
All 10 of those who had suffered from the disease have recovered and one of them has been tested again today and the report is awaited.
Titostarwell Chyne asked whether the council wants to protect foreigners or locals...? He said that the council itself uses the existing law, foreigners. “If you don't have a trading license, you can't open a shop,” said Chyne.
Seeds such as rice, wheat, barley should be thoroughly cleaned after harvesting before being placed in the field or in the house.
Two of the arrested were identified as Small Hammer, Shovel and the fourth.
Agriculture is important in improving income generation in the rural areas. He said that there is a need to work together between the MSRLS, the Meghalaya Institute of Entrepreneurship (MIE) and the Ministry of Agriculture. The Ministry of Agriculture to ensure that agricultural products should receive a fair price when selling agricultural products.
The party urges all the youth not to lose heart but to persevere and overcome all the challenges, God be with you in your hard work, said Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA and MDC in a statement sent today. sun.
The Jack Fruit Mission will cost Rs 50 crore from the Central Government and a maximum of T.30 crore from the State Government.
On this occasion, the President of Bangladesh visited Balat village in South West Khasi Hills District.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah MM Danggo said that this day is a day of history for Ranikor.
Explaining the Modi government's policies on terrorism as important, Anurag Thakur said, “In the past five years, we have taken clear steps by adopting an anti-terrorism policy.
He also spoke on the need for solar power plants and added that he wants to see that every state should have a city (whether it is a city or a tourist destination) which is a fully solar city. through a rooftop solar energy system.
Besides small loans, the PM SVANidhi scheme empowers street vendors through digital payments.
At this meeting, the Chief Minister promised that he will take action regarding the work of the Adhoc teachers, and as the union we hope that if not 100% This government will do whatever is necessary for the teachers.
Bah Marngar praised the great works of poet Soso Tham. 'The Khasi translation of other books from across the sea has become a treasure trove of information that has been read from generation to generation in schools'
On the demand of a TUR group that the government should consult before introducing the Meghalaya Right to Public Service Bill, 2020, Prestone asked what the TURs are. Rangbah said that this bill means for all government departments to fulfill the needs of the people within the stipulated time because the absence of this bill has put the people in difficulty. the problem.
The EC will meet and take a decision on the construction of the KHADC office in the new district.
Myntri Rangbah Duh spoke on the measures taken to improve connectivity in the North East and the improvement seen in infrastructure such as roads, railways and airports in the last 8-9 years. past.
On this occasion, KSU leaders from various branches in Shillong have laid a wreath in honor of this great man in the presence of KSU chief leader Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar. and other leaders including the FKJGP led by Bah D.Khongsit President.
Since 2007, Statistics Day has been celebrated annually with the themes of national importance.
Regarding Umiam, he said that Meghalaya will send the scheme to the Central Government and the Central Government will give its approval to improve this beautiful place in Meghalaya.
The companies named by the government are Sardha Group, Rosevalley, Unipay 2U, Jeevan Suraksha, Alliance, Deffodil, Abis, Basil and Prayag.
He urged the youth to come to this campaign so that they can get awareness on the dangers of this disease.
Shillong, Lber 11: Several residents of Pynursla area have expressed their sorrow and grief when they left their homes from different villages in the morning to go to the bank with the intention of going to the bank. They said that their hard work and investment in the bank has led them to put themselves in trouble because when They leave In order to get their own rights, they have to leave empty-handed.
Bah TW Chyne said that in these days there has been a lot of talk that there is no District Council anymore. The CEM said that there is no need for a District Council.
Shillong, March 03: Seven candidates for the mid-term elections from the 26-Shella Constituency have been nominated. The Returning Officer of the 26th Shella Constituency has announced that on the last day of the election, the Returning Officer of the 26th Shella Constituency The candidates who wanted to withdraw from the mid-term MLA elections today, but until the end of the deadline, no one has withdrawn from the race.
The AGM (HR & Admin), PM Swain conducted the workshop.
Speaking to reporters on the shooting death of Bah Thangkhiew, Chief Superintendent of Police, Meghalaya, said that police had arrested Chersiterfield at his residence in Kynton Massar. There is evidence that he was involved in the bomb blasts at two police stations in Khliehriat and Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
Shillong, July 12: The Congress government in Meghalaya today passed the Meghalaya Goods and Services Tax Bill, 2017, in a special session today. Zenith M Sangma, Minister in charge of Finance.
Dhar said he had requested to complete the Nongstoin Jail to relieve the overcrowding of the Shillong District Jail.
Therefore, all the householders/residents living in the nine villages, including Nongrim Hills, Pohkseh, Nongrah, Nongmensong, Lapalang, Riat Laban and Wahdienglieng, were selected in the first round. to register for the App through the website which can be opened through PCs, Laptops, Tablets and Smart Phones.
On the other hand, the Deputy CEM in charge of the Elaka Department has urged the MDC of Mawkynrew to withdraw the amendment as the bill was passed by the House in 2018 but the After receiving the promise from the Deputy CEM, Bah Martle N Mukhim, the House rejected the amendment and the House passed the Bills.
The Head Office said that it will take immediate action on this issue which as the depositors of the Bank of the Branch have stood up to demand for the needs as it should be.
Officers in charge of government departments have been directed to arrange for the staff in their offices to ensure that 50% of the employees in grades C and D come to work.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the delegation led by a group of government ministers, said that the government will set up a committee to look into this. The work includes the Legal Department, the Ministry of Forestry, the Ministry of Forestry and the Ministry of Home Affairs to look into this matter.
At the same time, if the Government wants to conduct the Entrance Examination, it should also be for all courses except MBBS and BDS and the reservation for Khasi, Jaintia and Garo should also be abolished. Open Challenge for Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
The focus on education reforms is one of the key efforts of the Government.
This was announced by Roy Kupar Synrem, Secretary of Shella Village Council.
BSF troops of 172 Battalion, on receiving a tip from intelligence agencies, immediately conducted a raid on the border of Hingaria East Jaintia Hills District and seized drugs hidden on the border. They are not allowed to smuggle illegally to Bangladesh.
All state government offices and schools will be closed on the polling day.
“Other ethnic groups can use our language and the names of our places, villages and towns as long as their language allows,” the AJYWO said in a statement. “But we should not allow them to spell Kulmar and put it in writing in any way so that this will not affect the Jaidbynriew and our heritage,” said Bah. M H Dkhar.
From time to time we have seen programs of protest against violence organized by various organizations and committees, but the truth is that we don't see the emptiness of the people, we don't see Many of the people have sent only condolences and complaints from home, from home, from their offices and from their social media. group.
The organization would also like to extend its special thanks to the parents and all the teachers who have been instrumental in supporting the students to achieve the fruits of success.
Raymond E.Lyngkhoi (President Mawshynrut AYC), Bah.
“Since ancient times, Mahadev Khola has been famous for crime and this is due to the lack of rules to curb the infiltration of foreigners,” said Bah Harrybirth.
The police outpost, which was built by Assam, is located near Saba village, which is only 20 minutes on foot from the village.
This action of MeECL may be one of the reasons why the department is in short supply of funds,” said MeECL. Estate and to check the theft of electricity and demand that the electricity should be cut off immediately and punished according to the law.
Current announcements do not require this current syrnot.
The Chief Minister said that he has directed the Superintendent of Police to visit the hospital and to ensure the peace and order. sit happy sit sign.
These games help to promote and learn more about the cultures of the Khasi, Garo and Jaintia people.
According to a statement issued by MeECL today signed by the Joint Secretary Bah D Warjri, MeECL said that according to the decision of the members of the Board of Directors number three issued in 07072017 according to the notice number MeECL/RC/137/2011/121 issued on 01.8.2016, which issued the names of Jugali for the recruitment which was supposed to end on This list is valid for 6 months and expires on
This was stated by Bah John F Kharshiing, Adviser and Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States.
On the other hand, the union alleged that this is due to the stinginess of the government which has not been able to provide the necessary facilities, according to the demand of the hospital. Charlie J Rani, General Secretary of the Mawlai Branch, said that it is the state government that has not taken action.
As the supporters of the MDC, we want to get the schemes that are still pending before the announcement of the MLA election in the state.
At this meeting, all the speakers condemned the action of the Assam police to demolish the school building which belongs to the people.
We also urge the Dorbar Shnongs to take action and come out in order to show their opposition to the Government.
The Financial Accounts show the revenues and expenditures of the Government for the year, together with the financial activities reflected by the revenue and capital accounts, public debt and public account balances in its accounts.
The KJNU in the complaint said that the collection of money at the gate has brought shame on Meghalaya and the people of the state as a whole.
Answering another question by Charless Marngar on the income from the market, Titosstarwell Chyne said that in 2021-22, the income from the market is T.17,51,9 of the District and also of the Himas which have to pay 10% to the KHADC of the market revenue.
When police rushed to the scene, they found two persons drunk and took them to the police station for medical examination. They started shooting one of the two men who were taken away by the police and started shouting at the CRPF personnel who were still on duty.
On the other hand, these leaders appealed to the people to support them.
There is no need to explain because the evidence on social media has spread widely.
He said that during the inspection today, it was found that the wall of the Jaiaw parking lot in Motphran should be demolished to improve the entry and exit points so that commercial vehicles can enter the parking lot and this will help. I'm going to Motphran.
After this, there will also be programs from 16th July, 2023 in Blocks, Municipalities, Corporations and States.
Treasurer Ajay Maken said the Congress party has Rs 285 crore in its account which it can no longer use for advertisement or election campaigning.
At the same time, the Speaker lamented the change in the media in these days when it has become the homes of the traders where the workers cannot protest for fear of getting caught. duh the opportunity.
During the celebration of Durga Puja, people went from one place to another to congratulate each other on a happy Puja because this celebration of Durga Puja is good. it overcomes evil.
There are 158 cases in the state, 23 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills, 2 cases in Ri Bhoi. West Garo Hills 1, West Jaintia Hills
There is also a need to consider whether to recognize those Khasi-Pnar who have been given their jait kpa by the Act. The CEM was requested to take action to support the Dolloi who have Law Kyntang as they are able to attract them. The Chief Executive Member, JHADC, urged the Chief Executive Member, JHADC, to bring a resolution from the Council to urge the Elaka to issue a Map Law. The State Government has decided to amend the Indian Registration Act 1908 which recognizes only documents issued from the office of the Registrar, Deputy Commissioner. You cannot register your documents at the office of the Deputy Commissioner without going through the office of the Dolloi/Syim and District Council.
85pc of the funds will be provided by the Central Government and 15pc by the State Government.
According to the MBOSE, in class x SSLC, 34 students failed the examination, 74 students failed one or two or three subjects to write the examination. the MBOSE will conduct the examination for them.
The High Court had fixed the date for his trial on the 20th of this month but he was surprised that he did not appear today, 10 days before the scheduled time.
Answering questions, the Minister said it is true that any school which receives assistance from the government, the government has the right to look after the schools, but the government does not want to challenges in the management of schools by the private sector.
He said that this action of India will be an example for the countries of the world.
Father Togan was killed in this engagement.
The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, SC Sadhu on Tuesday imposed Section 144 CrPC in the entire district to prohibit anyone from setting up money collection gates.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the KSSWC, Bah Badonnam Kharbihthai, said that the race will be held on the 20th July,
The release of Rs 44,000 crore is now from the Central Government's borrowings on five-year securities this fiscal year, with a weighted average yield of 5.69%.
The two schools were opened by the Asian Development Bank and Kharkutta MLA Rupert Momin and Bajengdoba MLA Pongseng Marak were also present at the opening ceremony. the two school buildings.
The EM in charge of Land and Shyiap of KHADC and MDC of the area, Grace Mary Kharpuri, were accompanied by the Rangbah Shnongs of the affected area. in this case you are a shiah.
The EC wishes that by November 2017, the dorbar hall and the office of the Chairman should be completed. The EC shall complete it within the stipulated time.
As a result, cleanliness has become the nature of the country and the Swachh Bharat Mission has reached every household.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang congratulated all the youth of the Shnong who have entrusted him with the responsibility of carrying the responsibility of The President for the term 2016-19, said that as the Leaders of the Seng Samla, we have the desire and determination to fulfill the motto of the Seng Samla “To Unite and Serve”.
The race was organized by the Governor's Office at Raj Bhavan.
New Delhi, March 14: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu, today inaugurated and laid the foundation stone through digital channels for various projects of the Government of Assam including the roads, petroleum & natural gas and railway departments. Srimant Sankardev Kalakshetra, Guwahati today.
We are trying to break them.
People travel to different countries with their families once or twice a year.
Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills District, MK Singh, confirmed to SP News Agency that it is true that the suspect has escaped but nothing was explained.
The time is not too late for the village leaders, the villagers, the Hima, the MDCs, the MLAs and the government to forget about their own interests and if they do their job responsibly.
The company has done a lot of work in which it has sent all its employees to work and to avoid being recognized by outsiders, it has closed the shutter from outside.
In this regard, the HYC led by President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem has submitted a letter demanding that the Government should remove the illegal residents from the slum.
This is for government jobs to thousands of youths at the Rozgar Mela in various states and union territories ruled by the BJP and NDA. .
All this is because the appointment process in the government is not as clear as it should be because many of them are temporarily appointed.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The teachers of Adhoc Schools this morning have listened to the order of the District Administration and have moved their protest from in front of the Secretariat to the parking lot at the Additional Secretariat.
Mairang, Nailar 31: The North East Zone Cultural Center (NEZCC), Dimapur, has organized a ceremony to honor the heroes of the country's freedom struggle on the occasion of the Azadi Mahotsav. The Cultural Affairs Department of the Government of India in collaboration with the Cultural Affairs Department of the Government of Meghalaya has organized a program this evening.
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss ways and means to protect the people who are suffering from the problems. In such meetings, they expressed their feelings and gave their opinions at the same time as they met with the government.
“We have been waiting for the government to set up a blood bank in Jowai which the government has promised, but until now the state government has not taken the responsibility to issue a license from the central government through the department. Drug & Cosmatic Department, said Samla Emperor Bareh General Secretary JSU. It is impossible to wait while the precious souls of our people are lost from time to time just because there is no Blood bank and they don't get it. Blood at this time is urgently needed, he added.
He said that the students will use these tablets for the benefit of their studies.
The Director of Textiles said that this place will be a meeting place between textile manufacturers, ksai producers, factory owners and students who are interested in developing textile techniques. you also have a special laboratory.
In the presence of the owner of this school, Kong Minphik Laban and her family members, this school has been serving for more than 10 years in this area bordering Assam. The school has 6 teachers and 85 students from KG to Class Vi.
“The success of the Aspirational District program has encouraged me,” he added.
Nongstoin, Iaiong 17: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, West Khasi Hills District, today said that according to the latest estimates, the loss so far has exceeded Rs 50 crore.
Shillong, July 01: U President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) Ardent Basaiawmoit today announced that he has suspended his 10-day strike after the Meghalaya government issued a statement. Public announcement that it has set up an Expert Committee to review the Reservation Policy.
After this, the Minister left for Mawlat Village where he visited and provided assistance to those staying in the Quarantine Centers in the presence of Bah Moron Suting, Sordar and Secretary of Mawlat Village.
Those who came to take part in this spelling competition were from the branches of the Khasi Seng around Shillong and surrounding areas.
Another change I have seen as a business person is the change in self-employment over the past nine years.
The Dorbar Shnongs of Demseiniong, Pynthor, Nongmensong and Urkaliar have taken part in the cleaning of the Umkaliar River and surrounding areas. Cleanliness drives will also be conducted in Demthring, Nongrim Hills, Umpling and Rilbong.
“He urged the people to consider and take the right decision in the MLA elections to be held in 2018 along with the agenda of the PDF on the issue of “Mynta ne Lano Pat”, he said. that the goal of the PDF is to make laws according to our situation in this village, and to introduce various policies, if it comes to power.
We request the Government to improve this work as many of our employees are suffering.
"It's so touching, so beautiful that looking at it, we feel we're shivering too," the jury said.
Two persons were injured in the incident.
The purpose of the climb to Lum Mangkashang is to bring unity among all the people of the North East.
It is the first time for Rembrandt Iakmenlang Kharnaior as a film director who has developed his talent through the inspiration and encouragement of the most experienced filmmaker, Bah Raphael Warjri.
At present, the functions of these offices are only to collect the Professional Tax.
Shillong, July 24: One person was killed and three others seriously injured in a road accident at Mookyndur in West Jaintia Hills today.
The three-day festival is aimed at exhibiting the traditional liquor of the North Eastern Region of India. Participants from Arunachal Pradesh, Sikkim and Assam have come to take part in the exhibition. all of these traditional alcohols are made from wheat and barley.
This helpline will start with the purpose of a Single Point of Contact and will have a good advice system.
Rupchand Dewan, 29, of Shillong, has been shot dead by unidentified persons.
As explained above, the nomination proposal as usual includes the foundation of the political party in general and the political and social policies for the country/state and the people around.
Insurance for employees involved in the fight against COVID-19 including journalists who report on COVID-19 is included in the insurance of T. 50 lakh.
Shullai also requested Alexander L. Hek, Minister of State and BJP MLA from Pynthorumkhrah, to support Dr. Nonglait. Former State President of the party Bah Ernest Mawrie to withdraw his ticket application and to cooperate.
All organizations, women's organizations, youth organizations, various associations such as market associations, drivers, teachers' associations, student unions of colleges and universities are invited to attend. COMSO urges all MPs, MLAs, MDCs and political party leaders to attend the protest against CAB and ILP. on that day.
The speakers also mentioned issues of cyber privacy and intellectual property rights violations and decided to curb these issues through international dialogue.
There is a spelling mistake in many of the signboards along the NH-6, it should be corrected immediately and if it doesn't, it means that AJYWO and our Jaidbynriew cannot accept at all,” said Bah MH Dkhar. “To remind, on the spelling of GRIL in the villages, The AJYWO has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District on 23rd October this year. The district councilor, on receiving the complaints of the AJYWO, immediately wrote to the company to correct the mistakes, but the company has not yet corrected its mistakes.
This is to verify the fraud, or they should complain to the phone number to help the public at “1930” or go to the website of the cybercrime at it.
Shillong, Lber 19: The MDA 2.0 government has nominated Timothy D Shira and has won the Deputy Speaker election to be held tomorrow without any opposition.
Latest reports from the Congress party said that the swearing-in ceremony will be held tomorrow morning in place of only two ministers who resigned today.
Regarding this issue, the residents especially the students of this area have been shocked and worried especially at this time when they are conducting classes through the internet.
The Seng expresses its dissatisfaction that this application process will not be transparent and will deprive the youth who are entitled to these jobs.
On the other hand, the Syiem expressed the hope that this disease which has come to the world and to Meghalaya will be cleansed and as the Hima will be able to perform this ritual in a proper manner. juh held every year.
At this Iew Khalai of SKDEJHD, there will be many markets from morning till evening, including housie, clothes market, tar market and fortune telling.
“I urge you to take action on this overwhelming problem.
Regarding the statement of Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya regarding the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh to rely on the BSF, the union condemns this as the state government also has its own role to play in curbing the smuggling of cattle.
Allan Kharbani General Secretary of the party said that two members of the party have been taken to the Civil Hospital for injuries. u  Medrit Marak of East Garo Hills, Williamnagar.
This has resulted in the lack of compliance with the rules laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare especially in terms of the distance of 2 meters or 6 feet from each other.
Several discussions have been held on this online platform between the Central Government Departments and the States and UTs to update the information about these children on this platform.
They also brought placards to express their opposition to the dismissal of the teacher.
The organization also invites the public to attend the dance competition on 6th November 2018 and the entrance fee for the spectators is T.30 tyngka each.
He said that the supporters of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) and the people of Shillong Parliamentary Constituency should not waste their votes to support the VPP candidate because he has no hope of winning. The VPP is still in power in many constituencies.
The RPF troops of the NF Railway conduct regular searches to prevent the presence of people committing illegal activities. station.
Air Marshal Mathur attended St Joseph's Academy, Dehradun, and joined the National Defense Academy in 1978 and completed his training as an Air Force Officer in
On Saturday night, police have identified only the name of Crystal Gayle Kharnaior. The three persons who lost their lives in this tragic incident are They were in the same taxi that was allowed to hit the tree.
At the same time, JKFC has informed that the singing of songs on the golden bridge in hotels, restaurants and FM Radio must obtain permission from the Club. steal the songs because this destroys the hard work of the singers.
There are more than 200 species of animals in this area.
The filing of nomination papers will end tomorrow morning if there are still those who wish to file their nomination papers for the MP election.
He said that some names have been included which are not in the village.
The RTI letter No. DMR/E 841/06/Vol II dated Shillong, July 7, 2014 states that the DMR has not authorized anyone to mine coal. The RTI has been forwarded to the office of the Divisional Forest Officer (T) of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai and also to the office of the DC West Jaintia Hills District to inform the RTI applicant. paw is an illegal act without proper documents.
Before the danger comes, all the citizens of Meghalaya from political parties, civil society, employees, government employees, salonsar should condemn not in secret, but openly to stop this plan of the government. middle.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the NHIDCL office in Shillong said that the footpath has been constructed for about two years by the PWD department of the Meghalaya government.
Only to impress the rich and to benefit this government without thinking of the people in this border area.
This book was launched by the Minister Incharge of Mawphlang Hima Bah Hodling Kharshiing at the Kur Dorbar held on 12.10.2019 at the Dorbar Hall of Nongrum Mawphlang.
He said that there have been articles in the newspapers that L.Kharbani, the leader of the party, has been in power alone but this was not the case. there will be no confusion and the people will not be confused.
The ban is for the employment of children in car manufacturing factories, coal mines, the manufacture of explosives and the manufacture of explosives.
The party decided to demand that the state government should take immediate action and talk to the central government to demand the immediate implementation of the ILP in the state as it has been more than 10 years since the meeting. The Central Government has not yet listened to the resolution of the MLAs in the Legislative Assembly.
Brig PM Bali, who is in charge of the NCC team in Shillong, welcomed the NCC members.
In his resignation letter, Bah Pariat said that he will not join any political party for the time being.
This report also recommends that the regulatory authorities should have a proper database or collection of information regarding the name of registered and unregistered producers and manufacturers in respect of and tobacco products or foods.
KHNAM SYW demands that the state government should pay the same salary to the workers who work in the same type of job regardless of whether they are regular or temporary.
The venue of the tournament will be at the State Central Library, Shillong.
How has India been able to do this? With the price of petrol and diesel rising by 35-40% in the U.S., Canada, Spain and the UK, and despite exports of more than 85% of the required oil and 55% of the required natural gas, the price of diesel has been less popular over the past year.
Shillong, March 17: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 55 people have tested positive for COVID-19. Garo Hills 3 cases, 845 cases have been confirmed so far.
The two teams that reached the final of the tournament were Dong Shliam and Dong Pdeng Shnong.
Shillong, July 16: The Hynniewtrep National People's Movement (HNPM) on Tuesday visited Dawki to inaugurate the Riwar Regional Unit. The Regional Unit will cover Amlarem and Pynursla Constituencies respectively.
At the time of writing, no tragic incident has been reported.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District said that the flags of political parties have been hoisted even in government buildings. and these were installed without permission.
The Prime Minister encouraged the youth to start their own businesses and urged them to become job creators and not job seekers and if this can be done it will bring about change in the country. “Believe me, it will be necessary to take into account the income of the state as a whole, to do this, it is necessary to take into account because there is no other shortcut to reach the goal,” he said. bring the change".
Shillong, Iaiong 16: Two houses in Mawiong Umjapung Nengong Block-A have suddenly caught fire and in this tragic incident all the belongings have been completely destroyed in the fire.
“According to the party, that a CEC member should be involved in this bomb blast is unacceptable,” said Bah Sadon.
Why doesn't the Government arrest those MLAs or Ministers who appoint those MLAs or Ministers who are not appointed? surprise then.
The Agriculture Marketing Board of Meghalaya today signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Lulu Group under the auspices of APEDA. Shillong, March 26: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, BDC Tiwari today said that the names of the voters in Meghalaya will be made public tomorrow. The total number of voters in the Electoral Roll is 21,86,1
The Prime Minister-elect said that the Prime Minister of India has taken steps to promote the development of the North Eastern Region of India and expects that in the next five years, the central government will provide incentives in development projects.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Disparsing Rani said that according to the RTI received, 119 posts have been applied for at the Secretariat. 56,563 candidates have been delayed in calling for the examination.
After investigation, it was found that the foreigner did not have a trading license.
Shillong, July 11: Hundreds of women and men today marched from Malki Square to Mali Square to spread the peace process. News to restore peace and order in the city after the incident in Iewmawlong area in recent days.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Cabinet meeting held today has approved new rules and regulations to enforce the collection of drugs. exceed revenue between T.40 and T.50 crore per annum.
Shillong, July 02: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that eight people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills. after.
Robert said that if the government could introduce these two provisions and amend the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act, the meaning of the ILP would be there. The law will be passed by the government, regardless of the name of the government, Conrad or Mukul.
November 12: The Cherry Blossom Festival 2016 will be held at Nan Polok from 8.30 AM and closed at 8.30 AM. This is the first festival to be held in Shillong. The opening ceremony will last for four days.
However, on 25th June, 2024, Bah Phurly Suting started showing signs of mental illness.
“All the facts mentioned above are exactly the offense of criminal conspiracy and criminal breach of trust and fraud and deceit committed by Lajja Ram Bishnoi.
“For my part, I don't have any feeling, when as leaders we have to hold an issue that is for the benefit of the majority, I can't give up.
Such meetings between the leaders will pave the way for the exchange of information and the implementation of any initiatives.
In fact, you can run the race at the right time and at the right time.
In fact, these two ethnic groups in the state want to see a peaceful Arunachal Pradesh.
The dedication of the Pallium to Archbishop Rev Victor Lyngdoh and the Holy Mass were conducted by the Apostolic Nuncio Rev Leopoldo in the presence of the faithful of the church at the Holy Mass at my house is gone.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: On behalf of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, we would like to express our gratitude to Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister, for his vision in the introduction and The launch of the Megha Health Insurance Scheme, which is a universal scheme (for all households) and will cover up to Rs 1.60 lakh per annum per household. The distribution of the Megha Health Insurance Scheme to all the people without discrimination between BPL and APL is something that has empowered and transformed many rural areas of Meghalaya. Many non-BPL households are unable to access and seek health care due to the high cost.
The NFNS will hold a public meeting in Tripura to explain to the public the need for a full state for special protection for the minorities. will be held on 23/9/2
In this struggle, we would like to thank the Government, the health workers, the police, the Durbar Shnongs and the public who have joined hands to follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
There are some policemen who have worked hard body and soul for the benefit of the people, whom the union feels should urge the government to recognize such people, perhaps by honoring and giving them buskit them or do any special recognition for them, in order to encourage them to work harder for the benefit of the community"
Banshai said that on Wednesday, while cleaning the car, he suddenly sustained an injury to his hand while cleaning the car. I rushed to Mawlai Mawroh PHC which is the nearest PHC to get treatment and prevention but when I arrived there I saw that it was locked and there were no doctors or nurses to help me. kapor because they did not take leave.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the government has taken action regarding the Nongstoin-Maweit road. parts of Ranikor constituency.
It would be good to investigate the allegation that the KSU and the HNLC have links and at the same time the police of Meghalaya should take advantage of the HNLC's claims and do Shillong, July 14: The Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills District, today announced that the Common Service Centers (CSCs) and Rainbow Centres, They have been allowed to register their Aadhaar names within the District.
However, the UDP believes that this issue is a serious issue which has been discussed from time to time.
When asked about other political parties, he said they don't have any leaders of the age of Bah Martle N Mukhin to lead them. The NPP has changed, on what basis they have stood for a while in the shape of a tree, for a while in the shape of a bell and now in the shape of a book.
Regarding the border issue, the Assam government has made it clear that it does not want to resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam, he said.
The grant is for a period of 18 to 24 months. Any group working for the improvement of income of the people can apply online at www:dm-india.com and the closing date will be on the 10th of October.
This scheme comes through the Ministry of Rural Development.
On the other hand, the MLA of this constituency said that whatever is necessary will be done.
The arrest of KSU-Sohra members in the middle of the night and to bring them to justice despite the lack of sufficient evidence on the incident ha Pyntha Umdan (Ichamati) is something we cannot do. to be accepted as members of the Nation.
On the other hand, the leaders of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle, after receiving information that Bah Damas Nongkhlaw has been discharged from the hospital, went to meet the family members of Bah Damas Nongkhlaw. After receiving all the information, the Seng together with Bah Starwin Kharjana, President Khasi Disabilities Association on 4th October 2017 went to meet with Bah Vivek Syiem, SP City to urge to take action and fight against this violation of the rights of persons with disabilities (The Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016) With the initiative of SP City, Bah Vivek Mawngap Police Station has ordered Rilang Nongkhlaw, the youngest sister of Bah Damas Nongkhlaw, to appear at the Police Station today to verify whether the case will proceed or not. The family members want to choose the path of peace.
The union is concerned about the behavior of the BSF in the area especially those living in Sonapur, Rattacherra and Hingaria.
Dated 30/01/1978 , NO PER(AR).105/81/4.
The death toll has risen to 13 today, 7 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in West Garo Hills, 2 in West Jaintia Hills, 2 in West Khasi Hills and 1 in North Garo Hills.
Of these, 31 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District including 10 cases from various armed forces and 21 cases from civilians.
To visit the districts, villages, meet with local government officers and talk to the leaders of the people and residents to listen to their problems and take appropriate steps to resolve them. they.
Logistics activities are about the promotion of logistics related resources and services.
We have sent to the Finance Department to allocate funds to hire staff to prevent the escape of prisoners,” he said.
“We urge the government to expedite the delivery of development works to these villages which have been suffering for many years because we understand that if these four villages go to Bangladesh, the border will be destroyed. I'm going to go too,” said Bah Lamphrang Kharbani.
Another is that the counting should be done only for the khoh ki kriah or byrni but this too has not worked at all and the kilo cut continues to this day.
Through investigation and RTI, the union found that these eight foreigners did not provide documents to prove that they are full citizens of Meghalaya.
The Government of Sikkim has been awarded the status of producing organic food and this region will be a food source for India to say that food produced from this region will be organic. , this will help the people of this area to grow in book ion.
Hundreds of vehicles coming from all over the North East to pass through the National Highway-6 in East Jaintia Hills District have been stranded in traffic jam due to the landslide in front of the tunnel at The landslide occurred in many parts of Meghalaya on Saturday as heavy rains hit many parts of Meghalaya and vehicles coming from Tripura, Mizoram and Barak Valley has been completely closed by this earthquake.
This has led to the residents of those areas to engage in old mining activities which the Meghalaya High Court has now approved to continue.
I am confident that our continued collaboration will enable us to develop new strategies and approaches to support the efforts of the Meghalaya government to promote sports education in Meghalaya.
The following are listed as attempts to develop in what should be struggled with full authority over the language:: the meaning is a word of advice that is proclaimed; and look at the page.
Shillong, June 27: The turnout for the MLA election in Williamnagar today was 76.63%.
With the determination of the family members and the support of all those who have been with us, even in the midst of poverty, by the grace of God, this child has finally received to righteous judgment.
Himalaya Shangpliang said that if the police had waited for two hours, this incident would not have happened. only in Garo Hills.
The 14th Dalai Lama Tenzin Gyatso said he has seen that although India is a pious country, there is a lot of corruption.
The government has also deployed a large number of police patrols on the occasion.
Employable companies also do not come because the price is low.
The announcement of the General Assembly to be held next year will be held at St. Paul's Church Upper Shillong, Zone I while the venue will be announced later.
It is clear that these protesters will continue to protest for the ILP, but the government will not suspend and implement the ILP. century lawswill guide this 21st century.
The Chief Election Commissioner, Rajiv Kumar, while addressing the groups, said that the cooperation is based on the information received by the anti-drug and other alcohol groups.
Narendra Modi, a day before taking oath for the third time as Prime Minister of India, will visit Rajghat to pay tribute to the father of the nation, Mahatma Gandhi.
It may also be recalled that the new Myrdon Pastorate was the first one which was appointed on 23rd June, 2023, at Myrdon Church by Pastor MB Makri and Tbn TJ Umdor.
The Autumn Flowers Show has been held for many years and is organized by the Horticulture Department of the State Government.
However, when the police from Pynursla arrived, they were surprised and as the village leaders, they went to the Pynursla Police Station to talk about the abduction. This is what happened in front of the police.
The committee has decided that a public hearing will be held on the 21st of this month at Mairang Circuit House. part of Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
The celebration of the Environment Day was held across parts of Meghalaya where people came out to take part in planting trees and cleaning up the area by collecting plastic.
On the other hand, the BSF troops conducted a march on motorcycles and distributed the flags of India to the people. This is the city of Shillong.
On the other hand, the Minister said that driving with understanding and knowledge of the rules of driving will help in saving many lives.
At the same time, the office has suggested to create opportunities to see if there are opportunities to bring about the cooperation of the people, women, youth, women and men in the villages. , Raid ki Hima/Elaka surrounding these forests, rivers and streams, to see if there are any roads to become roads for the development of the community, tourism, to create roads how to record the boundary, to produce a map, the names of the ancestors, their stories of those special forests, to record the names of the rivers, to put writing down the names of the caretakers, owners, and methods of management of these forests, to monitor the species of plants in these forests, income through the management of these forests, water rivers, protections for diverse wildlife, etc. for future generations.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Balajied Lawryniang Secretary of the party said that as a Khasi people, we take our lineage from our mothers and most of the schools have been given to women. until one thing happens to the righteous.
Also present on the occasion were Bah HS Shylla, Chairman of the Union, Bah Aristotle L Mawphlang, General Secretary of the Union and Starfing Pdahkasiej, Executive Member of the Union.
Shillong, Nailur 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today handed over his resignation letter to the Speaker of the Lok Sabha, Sumitra Mahajan.
In the presence of witnesses, it was confirmed that he was a heroin addict.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The relationship with the railway line is one of the issues that has been discussed for a long time as well as other issues. There is a need for a lot of work to be done together.
When the SP News Agency, today visited the bread shop, it was found that many of the mothers and fathers who were present at the shop had collected bottles of tin jot while the JCB is still trying to collect the garbage.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The BSF Wives Welfare Association (BSF) has been established in 1992 to commemorate its foundation day.
The purpose of the festival is to encourage and promote the production and sale of organic traditional foods.
Speech was delivered by Bah Ransom Sutnga, prayer was conducted by Pastor S.Umdor, welcome speech by Bah Baker War, in the presence of at home with friends.
Nearly 15,000 athletes, coaches, and members of the sports industry from across the country will take part in 36 sports, making this the biggest tournament in the country.
“With that desire and that desire has led me to stay in the Sengbhalang for almost 20 years I have done my best to contribute through the Sengbhalang and I still understand that there are still Many issues have been raised which we have not been able to achieve at this stage but the jaidbynriew needs the protection of the Inner Line Permit (ILP), the land, the border of the youth, the introduction of the Khasi language in the Khyrnit Baphra and other issues that are still very important as a nation,” he added.
However, there is another way and opportunity to free those who are addicted to drugs if they have the desire to get back to a new life.
I commend them through my gratitude".
If the perpetrator violates this law, he or she shall be liable to imprisonment for a maximum of one year.
She praised the work of the school to strengthen the radio therapy treatment unit and other services.
In Shillong, only four vehicles are operating.
President Kovind explained the new provisions of the NEP, saying it will also introduce the Academic Bank of Credits.
During the visit, Cornad Sangma met the wife of Clement at the door of the house and expressed his sorrow over the passing away of the father of the family.
Many issues related to health development were discussed during the meeting.
Dr Tiwari said technology like GST has enhanced various government departments by enabling them to focus better on “people's access to benefits and not processes.
The Minister particularly praised the new initiative to use drone technology in the delivery of medicines to the rural areas of Meghalaya.
The meeting was conducted by the President of the Khliehriat Block Congress Committee, Bah Deibormi Syad.
Elinda has been training in this field at Don Bosco Technical School, Laitumkhrah for two and a half years.
The state team will be involved in two prestigious tournaments – the multi-day Col CK Nayudu Trophy from 13 October and the one day U-23 Men’s State A Tournament from 15 December.
The meeting was held to demand from the District Council authorities not to give their approval to the sale and purchase of land in Rangthong by the authorities. soldier.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today informed that the ration for the month of Nailar has been released in the East Khasi Hills District for the villagers as well as the land. around.
Shillong, March 10: NEIGRIHMS, Head of Pathology Department, Prof. Vandana Raphael, said that NEIGRIHMS is the only government hospital in the North East which has Renal Biopsies with Immunoflourescene.
So far, the people who have returned by train have been from two places, one from Chennai and the other from Bangalore.
She is an expert within the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) and the office of the Directorate of Educational Research in Training and a well-known artist.
It has been renewed to provide 8 crore connections to women from poor households by October, 2020, which reached the target on 7th November, 2019, 7 months earlier than the target.
The President recalled that the government had called for talks with the group about five times and allowed them to write the rules and regulations. accept, in truth this is not what you should do.
He also spoke about the opening of new opportunities in the field of drone technology and gave examples such as the collection of information on plants and the application of nutrients with the help of this technology.
At this meeting, the union recalled the meeting between the union and the Vice Chancellor held on 16th July 2023 where the union demanded to give special permission to the Khasi youths who apply for jobs in the The union also expressed to Prof Shukla that the presence of Khasi youth in various departments of NEHU will bring about full service because of their commitment to their country. NEHU is located in the state.
The leaders and members of the committee are P Tangliang, Vice President Elisha Sayoo, Secretary GC Dkhar. and five other officers of the company.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today burnt the Mombati as a sign of the reopening of the Bethany Hospital Shillong.
Because AMD has been banned from mining uranium as it is now, AMD has come to enter and hide in the name of PHE. Doesn't this state understand the opposition of the people of the state even until they are ready to sacrifice their lives?
The Detailed Project Report (DPR) is under preparation and will be sent to the Planning Department by the end of this month. “I don't have enough money,” said the Secretary, PWD (Roads).
Shillong, July 29: Meghalaya has received three roads from NERSDS this fiscal year, one from Rhymbai to Jalalpur which is now only 3km long, one from 9miles NH-37 to Umsem via Pilangkata. and the East West Corridor of 34 Km.
The match was played between the Meghalaya Frontier BSF and the Assam Regiment, Shillong. The Assam Regiment won the match 2-1
The Secretary of the Hima Dorbar said that the government often knows only how to make laws but does not follow them. knowledge because the government cannot follow up.
The Seng will not allow or tolerate such corruption to undermine the development of the area especially the degradation of the society , within the village and the nation as a whole , and to set an example to others violate the rights of all the people.
The union also warns the government and district authorities of South West Khasi Hills District and East Khasi Hills District that the union will not accept any foreigners to come and endanger the people of Mawsynram Block and East Khasi Hills District. .
Shillong, July 01: Shillong Police have arrested a policeman after seeing a video circulating in the media that the driver and driver of a small Supper Carry truck have attacked and assaulted a policeman. They were arrested on Nongthymmai Road.
However, he left the party due to many problems if he remains with the HSPDP. He said that he and his colleagues have agreed to He said that the HSPDP party has also included several party leaders from all over the Rikhasi.
Here’s a look at the inspiring achievements and groundbreaking steps that have boosted India’s power sectors.
Out of the 11 MDCs, three are the incumbent MDCs, Victor Ranee from Jirang, Pyniaid Sing Syiem from Sohryngkham and Jansing Tynsong from Langkyrdem.
Out of the 30 MDCs in KHADC who signed against the state government's plan to implement the CrPC and CPC in the District Council areas, besides the CEM, others are PN Syiem, Gigur Myrthong.
Therefore, with great joy and gratitude to God who has set us apart as a small nation and has not allowed this disease which has spread to the greatest countries of the world to spread. places in our State and in North East India as a whole except Tripura and Assam.
Burial with money plays a role in the law.
“This shows that we have looked after the interests of farmers and people living in rural areas,” said Myntri Rangbah Duh.
In this regard, a complaint has been lodged with the Child Welfare Committee for the purpose of assisting these children.
The Umngot River is one of the most famous rivers in Meghalaya and famous throughout the North East and India. which concerns us the indigenous people.
Besides the Chief Guest, those who attended the meeting included Bah Wallambok Mylliemngap-MLA Jirang Constituency, Bah CB Syiem-CEM-KHADC, former MDC Nongpoh Constituency, members of the Union of Rulers of Raid Bhoi Mikir (Karbi). Chairman Bah RR Klein who is also the Acting Syiem of Raid Kharsati and Bah Moris Ingtih as General Secretary. , the Longsan Raid and others.
Speaking at the meeting were B.Khriam, CJM, Shillong, Davis R Marak, IPS, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills; Shillong: Vivek Syiem, MPS, Superintendent of Police, Shillong, Rajiv Nath, Public Prosecutor, Shillong.
The complaint is regarding the delivery of tins by the Housing Department to the Community and Rural Development Block of the state. tin sop should be 45mm thick.
The incident happened on Christmas morning.
On the other hand, police were surprised when the MLA of 17 North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum arrived at the Secretariat with his leaders and magistrates who promised to put him in a bus to take him to Madan Malki. if Mr. Adelbert does not appear before the Secretariat.
Chauhan said that in order to assist the farmers, training has been given to the women so that they can support the farmers through various activities related to agriculture where they can also earn about 60-8 thousand per year.
He said that the seized coal trucks will be prosecuted under the MMDR Act and other provisions of the law related to illegal coal transportation.
"he added.
The expenditure for the payment of retired employees is T.6.8,75,549 crore.
In this election, the NPP has lost only two seats, not only that but the opposition leader Conrad K Sangma has also lost in the election. the Congress.
The union said why don't they come to test the network which is suitable for use in this village before they come if they give reasons for that network and why don't they bring generators to get light? “It's a good idea to have a light,” said Samla Garland S. Manner.
All the citizens of Meghalaya from the Sengbhalang, Dorbar Trai Ri, Riewrangbah, women, fathers, youth and all the people are requested to come together to join hands to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill. .
Shillong, November 27: The Election Committee of the Congress party will hold a meeting on Friday to elect the candidates for the 2023 MLA elections. .
"We have shown them (the modified blueprint) and the rest we will discuss in the final," he added.
The Meghalaya Football Association has completed screening in the zones that will host the group stage of the inaugural Meghalaya State Youth League.
Other speakers at the meeting were Bah Metbah Lyngdoh Speaker of the Legislative Assembly who said that it was on 10th November 1976 that the demand for the Mairang Civil Sub Division was launched. The District has been running for 45 years.
In this meeting, it was found that some of the parents have expected too much of their children to improve in their education. They don't have time to love their children and this leads to mistakes because they don't have time to teach and raise them and this leads to mistakes.
It is for this reason that on this Sunday, the 5th of June, we must light up this darkness caused by the corona virus and we must bring it together with the light.
Eight candidates have registered for the post of Environment Secretary, Apporlang Thabah, Badonkupar Kharmalki, Basuklang N Khongwar, Dusterwell Lyngdoh, Franky K Pathaw, Lester Nongbet, Mesadapbor Skhembill and Shiningstar Khar. Shillong, June 20: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today issued a statement. All schools around Dangngar area under Mawsynram Block have been closed for one day due to the extreme heat.
This allegation against the BJP is only by those who want to mislead the people.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA, said that the people of the state initially opposed the Congress party but later they accepted it and now they have joined the party. suh thied in this state.
Therefore, the KDA has decided to march again suddenly in these days to come to the Secretariat with all the government departments. people with disabilities, in order to get these demands, because only in writing most of the government and government departments do not listen or believe us at all.
Shillong, Nailar 28: U Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Titosstarwell Chyne today met with the Minister in charge of Lands Kyrmen Shylla on land issues.
Representatives of 53 Commonwealth countries, divided into nine Commonwealth regions, attended the meeting.
Shillong, Naitung 01: Ka Dari Uriah, resident of Jaiwlaitdom Umphohliew, who worked as a journalist for the Kynjatshai newspaper, has passed away today after a short illness.
Furthermore, the control of these disease groups will be successful if these fertilizers are used.
Shillong, November 01: The National Council of YMCAs of India through the Youth Department has conducted a leadership training at the Shillong YMCA recently.
Krai is cultivated only in two continents of the world Africa and Asia and only 10 countries in the world and India is one of those countries. It is the second largest exporter in the world of 41% of the country.
After the discussion between the employees and Pastor Phawa, it was agreed that the employees of the Robert Hospital will wait for this request and after the discussion within the Executive Committee, they will decide. Shillong, Naitung 26: U Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, President of the BJP, on Tuesday said that the party has already won 47 seats from the EC. 60 Mandals and will complete the appointment of Mandals by November.
Shillong, July 18: The Chief Election Commissioner of India, Rajiv Kumar today announced that the polling in Meghalaya will be held on 27th June
“He said that the stinginess of the police in not arresting them has been like aiding to anger the people.
The most important thing is that they don't want it and there should be a proper policy.
Shillong, July 09: Market vendors today went to pay for their goods especially inside the market from morning until the curfew came into force at 4 pm.
This will affect the poor people of Jaintia Hills.
/10/2012 dated 18 July 2012, to the Chief Secretary, Meghalaya; The KHADC Village Administration Bill
The ANVC(B) has alleged that the shooting of the BSF troops was carried out by GNLA members to flee to Bangladesh from the area as it is easy to enter Kathie. Country.
We urge you to please take action on this issue so that we can prevent the violation of the law by foreigners and also the misappropriation of Council funds,” said the petition.
The bill also includes the Chairman and Deputy Chairman, CEM and EMs of KHADC. For the Chairman, the increase has been increased from T.38,570/- to The salary of the Deputy Chairman has been increased from T.37,240/- to T.99,800/- while the constituency fee has been increased from T.19,000/- to the Chairman and T. - Deputy Chairman.
Applications can be obtained from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong.
These are the ones who have lost their way.
in this article the names of defunct tribal organizations are mentioned.
The purpose of the visit of the students of the MLCU Volunteer Service Department to the villages is to get detailed information from the ground up on the needs of the people of the state.
Other speakers at the foundation laying ceremony were Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of PWD in charge of Housing, Bah RV Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs, Secretary of KPC Medical. Krishna Das, Finance Secretary, KPC Medical College, Kolkata, Uttam Das, Dr D Lyngdoh, Director, Health Services (MI) and Additional Chief Secretary, Health and Family Welfare, PW Ingty were also present.
During the search, they found a small door. When they opened the door, they found explosives and other items from the property of Bernard N Marak.
In his speech, the DC of Ri Bhoi District said that Meghalaya in the last 45 years has improved in many ways compared to the past.
Prevention of High-Risk Persons, Recommended for people 65 years of age or older, people with pre-existing medical conditions, pregnant women, and children under 10 years of age to take the necessary precautions.
During the visit, the Committee met with Bah S Khardyngdoh, IAS Secretary in charge of Home Affairs, Bah PS Dkhar, IAS District Collector, East Khasi Hills. Dr. Sabu A Joseph, Dy Inspector General and PSO, explained to the committee the status of the committee. Meghalaya on the border with Bangladesh, the construction of floodlights.
Dr Karmuti said the reason is that the government has not provided the equipment even though the Medical Superintendent has sent a letter to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare but they have not done so. She said that Ganesh Das is only a district hospital and even though they have demanded to become a state hospital, the health department has not responded.
The JSU said that this has caused problems in education and lack of performance in various fields in the school and has caused a huge loss to the students who are hungry for education.
However, we must fight with the Government until we achieve our goal and not just fight against the goods that benefit us the people.
The elders of the village.
The Chief Minister said that the NPP supporters are brave, their purpose is to fight for the people and they have to lead the state forward. The Prime Minister promised that they will be with the people.
The Central Body of the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) has decided to hold a protest in front of the office. The NIOS Shillong Gate Dharna will be held at the DERT office in Laitumkhrah on the 24th and 25th of this month.
The investigation is ongoing.
Upon receiving information about the stranded people of the state in Bethlehem due to the conflict between the two countries, the Chief Minister of the state with concern has talked to the Central Government to provide the Shillong, March 07: The Border Security Force (BSF) today seized drugs smuggled to Bangladesh from Bangladesh. The price of sarees was T.17 lakh.
When asked why he did not join political parties to apply for ticket, he said, “It doesn't matter if I stand as an independent candidate because the most important thing is to serve better. that I may give unto the people.
Members of KSU, HITO, GSU, FKJGP, HNYF, RBYF, Shillong Manipuri Students' Union, Kuki Students' Organization Shillong, Naga Students' Union Shillong, Shillong took part in the protest. Association, Mizo Students' Union Shillong, Twipra Students' Federation Shillong, Arunachal Students' Union Shillong, Mara Students' Organization and Lai Students' Association.
Shillong Lajong will play against SAI Guwahati, Rangdajied United and North East United.
Iawrod also expressed her gratitude to her parents and brothers and sisters who came to encourage her to reach this goal.
“When we work for our development, we also remember the development of the world,” he said.
Speaking on the idea of ​​the Silver Rose Institute, Executive Director of the Institute, Alexander N. Lyndem said that it is the inspiration of the mother of Rose Mary Lyndem and the father of Silvester H. Nongkynrih. at the door of U Blei.
During her two-day visit to Shillong, she will meet with the party office bearers at the Soso Tham Auditorium at the State Central Library tomorrow morning. Together, from the blocks, the mothers and the youth as well.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 11,41,758 lakh people from 18 years to 45 years of age have already received their first vaccination.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA of the constituency, today honored them at a function held at Madan Mot Tirot, Mairang Mission, Mairang.
At the same time, the commission has sought a detailed explanation from the Director General of Police, Meghalaya, regarding the incident on the night of 9/July/2024 near The Additional Secretariat has been appointed by Bindas Syiem.
In terms of the area of ​​the constituencies, Mawshynrut is the largest constituency and West Shillong is the smallest constituency.
Consultations are said to be ongoing.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that out of the 60 constituencies, only 46 constituencies have been resolved.
Therefore, as the Government has confirmed that the vaccination is necessary to prevent the spread of this terrible disease, we as the organizations working for the welfare of you the people, please go and register. Name yourself by receiving and accepting the Tika injection to protect against Covid-1
The BSF has organized across parts of Meghalaya to celebrate the Unity Month. The bike drive is to spread the message of unity in the country.
He said that in the two meetings with the Dorbar Shnongs, there was agreement from many that the Shnongs should work together to recognize and fight against the spread of drugs.
On the other hand, the MLA of Rajabala said he welcomed the visit of the MP and praised her for visiting the flood areas which have affected about 4000 hectares of farmland. The Bro and Irri constituencies fall under the Selsella Constituency.
Farmers call this plant 'Sla kain'
Shillong, Lber 12: The District Magistrate and District Election Officer of East Khasi Hills District has issued Section 144 CrPC to prohibit any protest in any form by any group or individual. the opponent.
Shillong, June 22; Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong said that 64,468 PPEs have been distributed to all districts of the state.
The Minister of Agriculture said that from now on the government will focus on producing Supari kwai in the coming years.
Nearly 10,000 candidates to assist in emergency and isolation related activities in the fight against COVID-19 have completed training in various fields including: The Department of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship of the Central Government is focused on the development of skills.
He said that among the Himas there are those who have their own laws and regulations, but there are others who do not have them yet. to ensure that all kingdoms shall have laws and regulations.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to pay all the arrears of employees including officers and eight former MDCs. Speaking to reporters, he said that the total cost of the EC will be T.6.5 crore, said Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem CEM of KHADC. , to confirm the Notification issued by the Executive Committee on the 14th of November on the United Khasi Hills District Fisheries Act, 1954, which states that those who organize fishing competitions must have obtained permission from the KHADC. According to the notice under the United Khasi Hills District Fisheries Act, 1954, we are empowered through Rule 29 of the Assam and Meghalaya Rules, 1954 and confirmed that all those who conduct Dohkha fishing must obtain permission from the District. Council covering three Districts.
“Secretary, I&B Department, Apoorva Chandra said that the partnership between MIB and Amazon will open up opportunities for the country's entrepreneurs at home and abroad as well.
The competition was inaugurated by Garod LSN Dykes, Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The seven-day session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly will start tomorrow morning with three days for government business and three days for private sector business. against.
Another decision taken by the Cabinet is on the declaration of “Meghalaya Human Immune Deficiency Virus Syndrome 2020”. .
If it were because of the coal, there would be no fish in this river until now as happened in other rivers like the Kupli and Lunar rivers in Jaintia Hills which have been affected by the coal.
The duty of the leader is to clean for the people and the people should go to fulfill their trade to fulfill their duty to sell juti, sell sleepers and other activities. .
You see that many of the older MPs have been deprived of their tickets and even many of the MLAs have not been given a chance.
Special attention was also paid to the treatment of those with diabetes and at the same time they were instructed on how to avoid this disease.
On the other hand, these teachers expressed their gratitude to the state government for providing this opportunity to the teachers to receive training in the field of teaching in order to improve their skills. we teach.
On the other hand, Savio said they want the government to understand that the GNLA wants peace talks and they want peace.
These centers will play an important role in the eradication of sickle cell disease and other diseases.
The death toll from the disease in East Khasi Hills District has risen to 1017, while the death toll in the state has risen to .
Shillong, July 02: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today met with members of MEPA at the Secretariat, on Tuesday said that the government wants to assist the media in the state. through them the public can be informed about the work of the government.
Justice Vaidyanathan was sworn in by Governor Phagu Chauhan at a swearing-in ceremony held at the Dorbar Hall of Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The National Assembly has appointed the National Quality Council of India (NABH) to review and approve the Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) for the ranking of District Hospitals across India.
At that time, if you have already turned off the lights in your homes, and all the people have lit the diyas, we will see the power of light that will show the goal that we all have.
The chief guest on the occasion was Bah Donkupar Sumer, MDC of Umsning Constituency, who is also the Executive Member of KHADC, Shillong. the Council.
The Ambassador expressed to the Union Minister the commitment of the French Government to cooperate in various areas in the North East and also in the development of tourism in Jammu & Kashmir.
The man was employed by an elderly man who worked in the wildlife department.
As usual before the lympung shad, the leaders of the Seng Khasi Mawlai, held a thanksgiving and prayer to ask God to grant us a bright sky. The forces of nature, even if it is their time to come, should not allow this joyful celebration to go smoothly.
After she screamed and called out, neighbors and her husband came and ran away.
According to information received, the three friends were playing ball at the Golflink Ground and when it started to rain heavily, they fell into a hole and the lightning suddenly struck them. They threw a jar and tied the pyrthad.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Organization (RBYO) today welcomed the CEM of KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar. The meeting was led by President Bah Baiateilang Lapang, General Secretary Bah Kronding Nongbsap and members of the party on issues affecting the society.
Replying to the request of the two MDCs who are also former CEMs of KHADC, Pyniaid said that they are now following the rule that the employees of KHADC should receive their pension. The CEM said that the opinion of the members of the House has been accepted.
On the other hand, the Central Government has decided to ensure that there will be no shortage of petrol and diesel for the domestic consumption.
“On this 25th anniversary of Amrit Kaal, let us move forward together to achieve the goal of a prosperous India,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The BSF today celebrated the Children's Day at their school in Umpling.
He said that the village had informed that the police department would send more police but due to the lack of police, the crowd bombed and shot in front of the police.
Various student organizations in their respective states today held a protest in Meghalaya, KSU, which is one of the members of NESO. the flag bearer with the writings.
N.Chinkheinganba, 16, who won the title of the youngest climber to climb Mount Mangkashang, was supported by the NEC on his first climb. (SP News ).
Shillong, Naitung 10: Two Bangladeshi women have been arrested by the BSF in Umsyiem area.
Meanwhile, the Branch Manager of NEDFi's Shillong branch said that the problem is that people do not pay what they have taken from the bank. especially in the area of ​​West Garo Hills.
On this day, hospitals are not allowed to treat people in OPDs and only look after patients inside the hospitals. As a sign of protest, they held this protest today.
He said that the tourism industry has improved in the past and this new coach will further boost the development of the area.
He said that even the people who came to the market from Jowai bought rice for home consumption, jhur and piat but in the middle of the road the BSF troops asked for documents such as GST and documents. The HANM leader alleged that these BSF troops have harassed even the children and women who went to sum, especially when they went to the fields. They have forced the Minister of Home Affairs to take action.
The Hima has also prepared a traditional market where the people will not have to worry about food and drink when they come to celebrate this day. Lyngdoh Minister in charge of Culture and Tradition, Bah Kennedy Khyriem Parliamentary Secretary, Tourism, MLAs, MDCs, Government Officers, Para Syiems and Lyngdohs from other Himas.
This year, there were 12 groups who came to exhibit their wines made from soh.
In the collision, the Thar vehicle collided with a shop in front of the road.
This was announced in a statement sent by the Secretary of Sohlap Shella Ecotourism Cooperative Society Ltd.
He said the government is determined to take action on the issue of drug trafficking as it has a goal to eradicate drug trafficking and as the MLA of the area he will work with the police and the Dorbar Shnongs to eradicate drug trafficking from the area. state as a whole.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: Police of Shallang Police Station on Tuesday night received a tip that there were truck robbers on the NH-44 E at Mawkhap village.
KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that what the people of the North Eastern Region of India demand from the Central Government is to immediately repeal the AFSPA from the North East. CAA, and demand the implementation of the ILP in the entire North East.
In a letter to the Minister of Power, James K Sangma, the union has asked him to clarify the implementation of the smart meter and to suspend it until further notice. be it a loss or a gain to the state.
On the other hand, the union cannot accept the proposal to replace the University with a Cillege.
The T.100 crore will be allocated to the Central Pollution Board and will be sent to the state government for the rehabilitation of those areas which have been affected by coal mining in the past.
A total of 27,000 selfies were submitted from all over India and only three were selected from Meghalaya, Punjab and Mwet.
Answering additional questions, he said the central government has given permission for peace talks with the HNLC and the government is confident that this peace talks will bring peace in the state.
Shillong, March 10: The Border Security Force (BSF) has joined hands with the Smile Train and Rotary Club of Calcutta Victoria.
Therefore, the union cannot refuse to demand from the relevant department to repair this road immediately.
