During his visit, Dr Azad met with the police of the 1Bn of the NRDF to talk to them about the tragic incident in which 13 people are believed to have lost their lives. their lives in this coal mine.
November 28: BJP Meghalaya State Unit President Ickman Momin today welcomed Dr. Rita Tariang to join the party at a meeting held at the party headquarters at Bivar Road. Shillong.
The Chief Minister, Cornad Kongkal Sangma, has congratulated and praised the Police for arresting the drug traffickers.
Referring to the claims of many churches that the Congress party is silent on these issues, Marngar said, “The Congress party has not been silent on these issues since the beginning. it's good.
Speaking to media, Father Marngar said this is to correct what has appeared in the media about the arrival of the body of the Archbishop in Shillong.
Latest reports said that about 20 BJP leaders from Meghalaya have been invited but it is understood that only about 40 leaders have arrived under the leadership of the BJP President from Meghalaya.
He also praised the Dorbar Shnongs and added that it is through the Dorbar Shnongs that the Government and the legislators will be able to run the works smoothly in the villages. thaw.
The KHADC cannot refuse to do this because it has been affected by the misleading allegations of these people.
In his speech, Bah Lamphrang Blah, said that it is regrettable that such incidents have happened before but it has never happened before. days because it is a responsibility of the government.
John F Kharshiing, said to Dr Gupta, that the problem of traditional rule such as the Dorbars is because there is no clear definition in the Constitution of India on the role and powers. ), the responsibility of the Kur, Shnong, Raid and Hima Dorbars.
Shillong Lajong played their last match against Qingdao Kunpeng FC, China.
Only vehicles with CAR PASS will be allowed to enter Tirot Sing Field to reach the Office of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima.
When they arrived at NEIGRIHMS, they tested for COVID-19 and there was a delay until the mother had to give birth in a 108 vehicle on the ground floor of NEIGRIHMS Hospital Shillong. place to this day.
Shillong, November 05: In a special meeting on 5th December 2017, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Legislative Assembly of Hynniewtrep, and Spokesperson, Dr Prasenjit R. Gupta, Ph.D, Consul for Political and Economic Affairs, from the office of the United States of America, Kolkata, where Bah John F Kharshiing said, that the problems of the Eastern Regions are that the Indian authorities have not taken action to resolve the problems of the minorities.
On the other hand, the police have launched a campaign to ensure that those who commit acts against the coal ban act should not be arrested.
Any children who have become orphans or who have lost their caregivers due to Covid 19 will receive support under the PM-CARES for Children scheme.
Before concluding, he said that if we all work together, there will be no problem to eradicate drugs in Shillong.
The Chief Guest congratulated these men who have been willing to contribute to this book which has been prepared by the Editors, Bah AW Rani and Bah KG Diengdoh.
When the Rangbah Dong submitted the applications of the youths to apply for jobs, the salary was only T.4-5 thousand.
“While the Director has not been able to fix the 80 to 20 percent, that is, 80 percent women and 20 percent men, NEIGRIHMS should not appoint nurses.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawkyrwat Circle today held a rally and sit-in demonstration in Mawkyrwat against the government of Mukul Sangma and Mawkyrwat MLA Rowell Lyngdoh.
In this regard, the KHADC will appoint a team of MDCs to visit the area to find out the truth and at the same time if possible, a team of experts will be appointed in this regard. and after receiving the report a decision shall be taken.
Shillong, November 31: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) has expressed its disagreement with the statement by Vicent Pala (MP) that the State has to choose only one ILP or the Sixth Schedule. If the ILP is implemented, the Sixth Schedule will disappear.
Also present at the meeting was Bah George B.Lyngdoh, son of (L) Bah EK Mawlong who gave his greetings and words of encouragement to the people of Umroi Constituency.
Shillong, Lber 02: Many water supply schemes through the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) which have no water supply schemes have been suspended due to lack of electricity. supply of water to households for years.
The meeting was attended by the Chief Secretary Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of State Comingone Ymbon, MLAs Wailadmiki Shylla and Santa Mary Shylla, JHADC CEM Thombor Shiwat and The Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Sniawbhalang Dhar has informed that the NPP will start campaigning in all districts from tomorrow to campaign for the candidate.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal, today accepted the no confidence motion in the Legislative Assembly. This issue will be discussed on the last day of the session after all the work related to the government has been completed.
Speaking about the diversity of human life as shown in this film, the jury saw that bloodshed and violence, courage and love are all interrelated.
The Chairman of the Council, Bah Lamphrang Blah, who accepted the no confidence motion, announced in the House that the Executive Committee led by Bah Titosstarwell Chyne has failed after 17 MDCs supported the motion. No-confidence motion against you.
“As all the villages have worked well on MERGS, it is necessary to have a bank branch in this area especially at this entry and exit point,” said HSPDP President KP Pangniang.
The meeting was held at the Conference Hall, KHADC to give a power point presentation on the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement. KHADC, in the presence of Bah Teinwell Dkhar, MDC, Chief Executive Member, Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Deputy Chief Executive Member, KHADC, Bah Titoswell Chyne, Bah Martle N Mukhim, MDC, Executive Member. , Bah Lambor Malngaiang, MLA & MDC, Chairman, Advisory Committee, Administration and Financial Reforms.
On the other hand, the Minister said that they are still looking for the movement of the person and they are looking for all those who have been close to him. All those in the household have to be quarantined, as this is an infection from other people.
He commended the central government for introducing new policies in the field of education.
Shillong, July 09: U Bah Ronnie Lyngdoh, Congress candidate from Mylliem Constituency, on Tuesday explained to the people the position of the Congress party and criticized the BJP for trying to violate the laws of the Constitution. in India.
Speaking to reporters, Ministers of Mylliem Hima, Minister Kharlukhi and Minister Langstieh expressed their gratitude to the District Administration for accepting the request of the Hima to provide Tika to the shopkeepers in the market. .
Shillong, Naitung 06: UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the United Democratic Party (UDP) has welcomed Dr. Aman War as a full member of the party at a function held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar. The party won more than 30 constituencies.
#Tokyo2020“I would like to thank the Government and people of Japan, especially Tokyo for hosting this tournament.
SSSS South West Khasi Hills District, where they also extended their blessings and congratulations to Kong Ripnar Lyngdoh (DC, SWKHD) for her hard work and good health.
Below us, Bangladesh is the fifth most populous country in the world with 15 crore Muslims.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Upon receiving information that the KJP Synod School which started in 1892 has collapsed, u Bah AL Hek, Minister of State, visited the school.
The incident happened at 8.00 pm and at 9 pm government officials arrived at the house of Bah Welson Shiangshai. At the place where the tree was removed, Bah Siangshai congratulated the group.
Following this, the Governor has lodged an FIR with the CID and has closed down the school to find out the facts.
Regarding the capacity of RTCPR testing in Meghalaya, 645 tests have been conducted daily at NEIGRIHMS, Civil Hospital Tura and Pasture Institute Lawmali Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Speaker of the Lok Sabha, Om Birla today inaugurated the 20th Annual Conference of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association (CPA) Zone III in Shillong. .
The question is whether the BJP-ruled Government of India has ignored the Official Resolution.
Brighstarwell Marbaniang, MLA of the VPP, announced that if the talks called by the Government do not reach anywhere, the party will continue to hold a mass protest.
There are three kurs to elect the syiem raid. These four kurs have elected Bah Stin Shadap as the new syiem raid and Bah Mes Lyngdoh as the Lyngdoh of the raid Iapngar. to be established by the king of the kingdom of Khyriem.
Of these, 13 cases were reported from East Khasi Hills, 4 from Ri Bhoi District and 1 from East Jaintia Hills.
The Cabinet meeting today decided to appoint Bah Will Khyllep as the Commissioner Secretary of the Law Department of the State Government for a six month contract.
Peter Challam spoke on the decline in income of the State and the inability of Meghalaya to improve in income.
Many of those who have been enslaved and enslaved are now in the search for employment.
The road is not only in the ground floor of her house but in the whole village,” he said.
The Meteorological Department has issued a warning of heavy rainfall in parts of Meghalaya, Assam and Arunachal Pradesh.
The march was supported by the Khasi Students Union – Central Body, Mizo Students' Union – Shillong Unit, Naga Students' Union – Shillong Unit, All Assam Students' Union – Shillong Unit, Tripura Student's Union – Shillong Unit, Manipuri Student's Union–Shillong Unit, and others.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 86 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 21 in East Khasi Hills and 13 in Ri Bhoi. The total number of cases in West Garo Hills is
Today, many groups operating in different countries look at India as an ideal place to come and manufacture.
The Seng Kur Lyngdoh Thabah Seng Kmie, which will celebrate its Golden Jubilee on the 16th of this month at Jaïaw Lumpyllon Dorbar Community Hall, invites and invites all the Parakurs from all over the country to take part in the celebration. this day.
More than 1,000 members of the KSU have gathered to witness this memorable day.
He said that after talking to the Director, he said that the reason for the shortening of the application age is not the action of NEIGRIHMS but the order of the Central Government through the Ministry of Health and Family. Welfare.
A Srinivas said Amrit Mahotsavka is a celebration of India's 75 years of victory.
Regarding the allegation of illegal transportation, he said that those who allege should also bring evidence of their allegation, not just allege in the air.
On the other hand, the residents of the area have urged the government to reopen the market where the residents need to sell and buy the products produced in the area.
The Prime Minister of India, Dr. Manmohan Singh on Thursday promised the voters of the State that the Congress will work for all groups of society without discrimination. and also to include those who are still behind.
Speaking at the meeting, he said that the youth from the rural areas cannot compete with those who study in public schools or in urban areas. enough shadong.
On the 27th of April, seven people lost their lives in a house fire in the same village. It has happened again in the same village. it is different from the dong.
For other districts, school authorities, school and college students, youth and others who wish to be trained in martial arts judo as a sport can register in advance at the O/ The District Sports Office in your district or you can call 87946-40973 and
There are 515 cases of COVID-19 in Meghalaya today, 184 cases from East Khasi Hills, 132 cases from West Khasi Hills and 5515 cases from Meghalaya. .
Referring to the refusal of the opposition to come to the House, the CEM said that this is unpleasant, because in democracy it is always in the majority.
The Executive Committee of JHADC, Jowai has announced that the Waheh Shnongs of JHADC, Jowai have announced a curfew to prevent the spread of COVID-1 At the end of their term of office, they may continue as Waheh Shnong.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Ka Miani D Shira, the Congress candidate for the mid-term elections from 53-Ampati Constituency, today lodged a complaint at the Ampati Police Station against the Minister of Home Affairs. James K Sangma and South Tura MLA Agatha Sangma on charges of violating the election rules.
At the same time with these Legislative Assemblies in such a way that the elections of Municipalities and Panchayats shall be held within 100 days after the elections for the Legislative Assembly of the People and the Legislative Assemblies Make State Laws.
In his speech, the Chief Guest urged the youth to be active in football and other sports so that they can have a healthy and strong body, especially the youth players should have discipline as well. to have honor and dignity in the community.
Dr Mukul said the TMC has waited a long time but it is the Congress which has delayed and it is the Congress which has announced its candidates for both the constituencies in Meghalaya.
Therefore, we must be vigilant in advance, so that Aadhaar will not affect the life and death of the country and our small nation in the future.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the mother said that they will look into the outcome of the investigation.
“We are working hard to improve the health sector in the country,” said Minister Duh.
On this occasion, the union also raised other issues and they are, To improve and repair the Mawsynram PHC, To expedite the implementation of the Jyllep and Mawhiang Sub Center which has been sent for approval to To upgrade Ranikor CHC to First Referral Unit (FRU) CHC by providing a proper Pharmacist and X Ray Machine in this CHC. To improve the Pediatric Ward in Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat This is a statement by Forwardman Nongrem, President KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
The Special Accelerated Roads Development Program for the North East (SARDP-NE) has also been implemented by the Central Government since
The purpose of distributing these garbage cans is to bring about a clean environment in the village.
Shillong, November 14: A delegation of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) led by Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma met with Home Minister Amit Shah at 12.30 pm. Today 14/12/2019 in Delhi.
The Kur Mawlong Mawmih & Krang Mawkhar understands that no one should disturb the work of the Kur Mawlong Mawmih & Krang Mawkhar. Mawkhar.
To just say that someone is who they are you just believe you have to find out until you find out.
The BSF hopes that this three days visit will help them to learn about Meghalaya, the culture of the area and the school children. The BSF will leave for Bangladesh at the end of this month.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, said that the people are fortunate to have the MDC election 2014 after the MLA election 2013 because as in the past years there has been no Executive Committee in KHADC. or in JHADC if they are different from the color and flag of the Secretariat.
“Another challenge faced by non-indigenes is the lack of representation.
Shillong, July 11: U Bah Lasting Pala, Waheh Shnong of Umkiang Village and Bah Nicholas Lyngdoh, Secretary, have demanded that the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) should not repair the NH-6 road in parts of Umkiang Village. the jot kept.
The state government's efforts to curb the fighting have also led to the increase in robbery, theft, drug trafficking and many robbers in the neighboring districts of Assam. days of the month now.
It is sad to see that the DC has failed to bring peace and order in Ri Bhoi district by arresting Khasi youth especially members of the KSU. How much peace have you brought to this district?  Has the DC and his administration arrested all the foreigners who attacked the Weigh Bridge, DMR and Sales Tax office in Byrnihat in the past few months? Is it because the DC is too skilled to bring peace and order in Ri-Bhoi that all the vehicles with number plate ML05 including the vehicle of the opposition leader in Byrnihat have been stoned? Has the DC been able to arrest all these border robbers who are constantly disturbing the movement of Meghalayans?
Members of the Khasi Students Union from various departments have collected Work Permits from foreigners working in different parts of Shillong.
Momin alleged that all these protests are just a plot to overthrow the government led by Dr Mukul Sangma.
In this state, the BJP has supported the NPP-led Coalition Government like others,” he said.
These areas are that minorities should be protected.
Regarding the absence of the four MLAs, the CEO of Meghalaya said that for unavoidable reasons, those who did not attend the polls were Sniawbhalang Dhar, Shitlang Pale, James K Sangma and Marthon Sangma.
There are more than 4 lakh people in the state who have job cards or 100 days bill cards in all the villages in the state.
The Minister said that whether they are in any field, whether in a large or small position, they should remember that everything they do is for the people of the state. for the people of the country.
After the passage of the Bill, it was sent to the Governor for his approval.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today announced that the government has decided to impose a five-day curfew from 8 am today until the 10th of this month. Throughout the East Khasi Hills District.
“As soon as the new Government comes to Delhi, the party is ready to implement the demand from the Government to include the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India,” he said.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Fifth Meghalaya Pay Commission (FMC) has received questions from all government agencies, groups and even private individuals. The distribution started on the 16th of this month.
The injured were able to escape immediately before their vehicle caught fire, and the fire brigade arrived at the scene to extinguish the flames. The number of these vehicles has been lost.
The President of India, Ram Nath Kovind, said in his speech at the opening ceremony of the conference. .
In particular, the Seng informs that it is ready to help its fellow citizens when they are in need during this time when the whole world is in the midst of the fight against this disease.
Therefore, the Seng feels that this is the right time through the initiative of Bah Hamletson Dohling, MLA Mylliem Constituency to move the Jhalupara Outpost to Umshyrpi Bridge so that it will be a source of comfort for the people. the public as well as to maintain the State Government’s ownership of the land.
The arrest and suspicion of the police is groundless as the 10 Sengbhalang have already temporarily suspended their protest program on the grounds of respecting the religious practices of other ethnic groups.
According to the Wildlife Protection Act, which was amended from 1/June/2023, the Customs has been empowered to fight against the smuggling of wildlife into India. more opportunities to fight against this illegal wildlife trade.
The RozgarMela will serve as an employment opportunity and a suitable opportunity for the youth for their empowerment and participation in the economic development of the country.
Shillong, July 29: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by Conrad K Sangma from the NPP will complete two and a half years. in November, when there was a new minister in the government.
Besides the festival, masterclasses and discussions are some of the programs that you can see and experience at the 53rd section of the IFFI. to open with the obstacles, but the 'road' to the IFFI will open the way for the celebrations.
Shillong, November 10: U KHNAM today sent a letter to the Minister of Education of the State Government to complain about the overweight of school children in primary classes.
Modi also spoke about the power of music in the region to provide more information.
Shillong, July 15: The Cabinet today decided to abolish the administrative rule of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC).
All these cases will be brought under a special court set up by the government.
Mawkasiang Marvels and Seng Samla Mawlong Nongpdeng have become the winners of the Maitshaphrang Khasi League Basketball Tournament, 2024 organized by the Khasi Students Union (KSU) as part of the celebration. on the 4th June, 2024 at the Basketball Ground, Mawlai Nongpdeng.
The Chief Secretary has been directed to send an inquiry into the incident and the inquiry should not be under the Under Secretary and the report should be submitted within 45 days.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today expressed its surprise that the government has decided to merge all the colleges of the state into the Williamson Sangma State University. The Government has not said whether it has already held any meetings with the principals and students of colleges in the state on this decision.
All residents of Shella Village and all residents within the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong are prohibited from leaving their homes or residences. and especially not to come into the Kher Sohlap on that day except those who are sick.
The incident of a mother being stabbed to death by her husband after he died has shocked the people who know about this tragic incident and condolences from many. .
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Prime Minister's Secretary, Wandonbok Jyrwa said that they did not agree to the discussion because the Prime Minister's Secretary said that the committee has been convened. The committee is long.
However, the residents agreed to work together with the Dorbar Shnongs and Government authorities to follow the rules and regulations of the authorities in charge of environmental protection, water supply, rivers and streams. cleaning of clothes, fields, water sources, roads to prevent the destruction of hills, rivers and other needs of the people for the sake of peace and order in the community.
That's before the referee ends the fight.
However, what happened was shocking, instead of the police fulfilling their duty on the complaint, they acted violently. I want to set up an inquiry into this,” he said.
Prof. Dr. PK Goswami, Director, NEIAH delivered a welcome speech.
Apbor Nongrum, Vice President, HNYF Northern Region.
Is it reasonable for the Government to give the money paid by the people to these owners of the pumps? When they have already received their commission for every 10 liters of umphniang they sell.
He said that many of the laws passed in the Legislative Assembly during his tenure as Prime Minister have shown clearly the government's commitment as promised.
They went to the house of the Rangbah Shnong on the 19th of this month at 3.30 pm to talk to him. said Bah Khongwar, the headman of the village.
The police have imposed punishment on those who violate the curfew even in East Jaintia Hills District. The purpose of the police is to make people aware that they should obey the curfew. to protect yourself and your family.
In this regard, NESO and Twipra Students' Federation (TSF), Gauhati Unit, will hold a protest in Gauhati on the 2nd of July to express their opposition and condemnation to this incident. of their unity with the people of Twipra.
Through this RozgarMela programme, the Ministry of Home Affairs has recruited youths in various CAPFs like CRPF, BSF, SSB, Assam Rifles, CISE, ITBP and Narcotics. Control Bureau (NCB) as well as the Delhi Police.
The total number of cases tested positive today is 73, 58 from East Khasi Hills, 8 from Ri Bhoi, 4 from West Garo Hills, 2 from West Garo Hills and 1 from North Garo Hills. There are 664 cases in the state.
The Sur Ehrngiew of Malki invites the public to support by joining together as a sign of protest against the killing or rape of Bah Cheristefield Thangkhiew at his residence in Mawlai.
During the meeting with the Minister of PHE, Bah Teibor Pathaw, he said that the delay in completion of the project is due to the lack of funds for the construction of water tanks and water treatment plants. He said he has already spoken to the owners of these land regarding these issues.
According to a statement issued by the District School Education Officer, East Khasi Hills District has directed schools to conduct the selection test from 25th March 2021 to 05th November 2021, while in West Khasi Hills District from 01st November and expires 10 November 2021.
It is also regrettable that until today the KHADC authorities have not completed the codification of all the 53+1 Hima/Elaka Acts in Khasi Hills and 18+1 Hima/Elaka Acts in Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, July 22: President Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar and General Secretary Samla Donald V. Thabah together with members of the Central Executive Council today congratulated Amebaaihunsha Kharbhih for winning the first place. Amebaihunsha Kharbhih is the daughter of Bah Babunlad Syiemlieh and Banrilin Kharbhih, residents of Mawreng Village, East Khasi Hills District. Paul’s Higher Secondary School, Marbisu.
It is to be recalled that last month, the HYC found that foreign workers are allowed to work at will without permits even in KHADC as well as these foreign workers are The Legislative Wing of KHADC has expressed its concern that from time to time it is found that foreigners are allowed to work in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday handed over the bodies of two youths who were addicted to drugs to the Alive Again Foundation. The rehabilitation center is located near Guwahati, Assam.
Shillong, Nailar 30: JSU Laskein Block Circle under the leadership of Samla Dapmain Suchiang, General Secretary Franky Shylla, Finance Secretary Chibaitlang Langstang and members of the JSU Laskein Block Circle.
Shillong, July 19: The Bangladesh government has issued an order to evacuate the residents of Neharpunji on the 12th of this month. you are a Garo people.
In this meeting, the Chief Secretary said to the members of JACATAM that the government has to look at other states how they are implementing and the government will compare and how to do in this regard. in the state of Meghalaya.
Police have so far recovered only the body of Bah Aibokstar Nongrum.
It has helped bring money and resources to the community, especially in sectors with many large gaps including education, health, sports, water sources, agriculture , tourism, industry and more.
Ninth – Respect those who are fighting against Corona such as doctors and nurses, cleaners and police.
On the other hand, the CEM said that the House today passed a resolution to urge the Government to issue the Schedule Tribe Certificate to the District Council. is now taken over by the government.
Shillong Lajong FC have moved up to fourth place in the Hero I-League this season after beating Tiddim Road Athletic Union (TRAU) FC 2-1 in The match was played on Saturday at the 1st Ground of the Shillong Sports Association, Polo.
The main objective of the two-day program is to showcase all the capabilities of ISRO and the space agency and to work together in future science missions.
The message that Rgh Teibor wants to share with the brothers and sisters who are still holding on to their traditional religion is like the word that says the highest right, which the Sengbah wants. that this goal should be achieved in our own and that we should not forget our own origins because here lies the right.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Pradeep Jyoti from Kerala said that Vasudeva Vilasam has been practicing herbal medicine since 1884 and it has come to the state now.
This shows our collective strength and is also a fitting tribute to Baba Saheb Dr Bhim Rao Ambedkar on his birthday.
The owner of the shop in Kharnapara is Jeny Wahlang and the house is located opposite the CRPF camp at Baridowa-NH-3
On this occasion, there were also many prominent singers in Khasi and requested the public to attend the festival so that they can see with their own eyes the richness of the Khasi culture.
Shillong, March 08: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that 27 people from Meghalaya who were stranded in Bethlehem due to the fighting in The Hamars from Palestine were able to flee to Egypt.
In April last year, we met and wrote a letter to the Secretary of PWD (R) of the Government of Meghalaya to convey the concerns of the people of the area.
New Delhi, Nailar 14: To all the citizens involved in building the country, My congratulations on the 70th anniversary of our Independence.
On this occasion, the children were accompanied by the parents of the honoured children.
No.ML05 of Rajesh Gurung son of LT Lachman Gurung resident of Nongmynsong Lumshiap was burnt down on 14th March. ei ei evening and it was also said that the bike was completely destroyed.
It is also necessary for the farmers to get their rights, they need unity so that they can express before the government authorities and also in the community the problems they face from time to time. for.
Rajingstar Thabah was arrested on a complaint by the mother of the child to the Sohiong Police Outpost on 3rd November,
The State Government has enacted Rules to strengthen the provisions of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985, as Section 64 (a) of this Act provides for freedom of expression for those who use drugs. happiness from the shrip of the law.
Swu was admitted to the hospital for treatment of a chronic illness.
(WAMUL), which has worked hard behind Purabi Dairy, has been honored by the Union Minister in charge of Cooperative Dairy, Amit Shah at the National Cooperative Dairy Federation of India. NCDFI) Limited e-Market Awards 2023”.
Where will these leaders go if the political system changes?
Our country can be a great tourist attraction but we have not done enough.
The sale of blocks will also bring other sources of income to the area.
The seizure of these two vehicles from Nongstoin and Mairang came after the Assam Police conducted an investigation and arrested a gang of robbers from the state.
The purpose of the search operation is not only for small vehicles but for all vehicles entering and leaving Shillong. people are registered in the area.
This was the central topic of discussion at a meeting organized by the Institute of Peace and Conflict Studies (IPCS) in New Delhi in Guwahati today.
On this occasion, DP Singh gave a speech to the children and said that our lives are like a soh if it falls on the ground it rots. You should always live a good life, have a spirit of knowledge, help each other and respect those who care for you.
Shillong, June 16: BSF troops at Borsora have arrested four Bangladeshis while they were entering India. They are Babil Marak, 28, Nishir Marak, 30 and Pumur R. The 25-year-old is from Berangasora village in Sunamganj district of Bangladesh.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed 576 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 247 cases in West Garo Hills and 90 cases in West Garo Hills. There are 5574 cases in the state so far.
The three persons who were burnt to death and a vehicle were from Assam. The Chief Minister said that such incidents are unacceptable and strongly condemned the attack. those who commit crimes and this is a violation of human dignity.
The Chief Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, said that three persons have lost their lives in the fire. every smell.
The Cabinet has decided to appoint a Peace Committee headed by the Symbut Myntri Rangbah. Hamletson Dohling and Renikton Tongkhar Lyngdoh are the members of the committee.
The MJAC leaders said that they should support the Lokayukta which has sent an inquiry into the coal mining industry according to the decision of the Supreme Court of India.
Finally, the Dorbar Shnong wants to know whether the Council will accept the 11 members or all the people of the Shnong, or whether it wants to turn the village into politics.
In Garo Hills, the approval of the President of India must be obtained to resume the work in the Garo Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Clean India Campaign was launched by the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi on 2nd March 2014 with the aim of making India clean from the ground up. urban to rural areas.
I.Laloo, SDO (C), Amlarem, and government officials were present on the occasion, along with the residents and residents of the area.
On the other hand, the Director General explained that the recruitment is ongoing and has not yet been completed and they will put up a list as requested by the Seng on their website. layer.
This announcement will take effect immediately.
This means that about 1.39 crore residents of Assam have yet to prove their citizenship.
Jowai, Jymmang 02: A tragic incident has occurred in Madan Nongkylla village where the house of Kong Hahelem and Bah Minot Sutong has been destroyed by robbers. bright.
The VPP leader expressed his satisfaction and confidence that there has been an Expert Committee to look into the employment quota in the state. to participate or become members of that Committee shall be those who have been educated.
There were no casualties or injuries in this incident.
This is the meaning of the prayer that the Khasi people do not use any words without mentioning whether they are alone or single, male or female.
Two persons were in the vehicle and after the arrest of four others.
At the request of the state government, four companies of BSF have been sent to Mukroh, two companies from Shillong and two companies from Manipur have been taken to Mukroh to assist the Meghalaya government.
After the issuance of this order, the shopkeepers in these areas in collaboration with the United Hynniewtrep Movement UHM today went to meet with the Head of Forest Department u R S. Gill, Principal Chief Conservator of Forest & HOFF to express the plight of the women.
After the meeting, Pravin Bakshi said, regarding the recent raid by the police, let the law do whatever is necessary as the police are conducting an investigation but there should be nothing wrong with the police. and that the people should not worry or panic, as there is no suspension of petrol supply to the state.
Speaking on the occasion, the Symbud Kongsan congratulated the committee for taking the initiative to organize such a tournament which can bring together the youth of this village. He said that the Seng encourages all the departments across the Bri U Hynniewtrep to provide opportunities to the youth so that they can escape from the evil practices which have spread rapidly in these days.
Bah Shylla said that the hard work of the Government from the Chief Minister to the government employees at various levels and especially the Doctors, Nurses and staff who have dedicated their lives and souls has been seen.
Police had to retreat to avoid any tragic incident.
The Department of Cooperation is also drafting a new National Cooperation Policy which will address the economic and social challenges.
" said Mr. MH Dkhar.
In his meeting with the party, he said that he supports the KHADC Bill despite the shortcomings that need to be addressed.
On the other hand, the brave officer tried to shoot back but could not escape as the robbers turned away as soon as they saw that the officer was ready to fight against them. .
The meeting also urged the public not to be afraid and at the same time it was ordered to follow all the rules and regulations as directed and to keep themselves clean by cleaning their kits. jyrhoh and distance from each other.
During her three-day visit to Shillong, she met with the minorities and today she also met with the Chief Secretary and the Chief Minister, she said.
The discovery of the new spider species from Meghalaya has beenpublished in the recent issue i.
Further improvement of resources along with shared use of resources between schools.
The Director General and Head of NE LSA of DoT said that DOT NE LSA has proposed to continue 4G services under the 4G Saturation Program of DoT to 1512 villages in Meghalaya. Similar proposals for Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Mizoram, Nagaland and Tripura have already been sent, he said.
What the people need is that without the MLA it has put the people in great difficulty in their daily lives.
Furthermore, the Liquid Medical Oxygen (LMO) will top up the oxygen produced in these hospitals.
A webinar on the topic “The Uniqueness of the Khasi as a Nation” was also held during the celebration due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
This shows that there is also a trade opportunity in terms of education.
Shillong, June 23: U Bah CA Diengdoh, Sordar of Shnat Raid Tynring and Khyrim Syiemship, East Khasi and Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday said that Cristabel is like a female cow. of it, who have destroyed the whole world of nature is true and have condemned sin that they have fallen completely into the hands of the law and the righteousness of Tynring has stood firm before man. in the presence of God.
The party from Shillong North has approved the name of Bah Erwin K Syiem Sutnga.
West Khasi Hills came fourth after winning only one gold medal.
It also shows that these traders have ignored the complaints and opposition of the residents of Ri War Jaintia who are still strongly opposed to this trade and also puts the people at risk from this disease.
Shillong, July 12: The Smart Charitable Trust today honored two traffic policemen for their hard work in driving vehicles, Inspector David R Marak. Sub-Inspector Krishna Kumar Ruchal of Sadar Traffic Branch.
Answering a supplementary question on the Meghalaya House Guwahati, the Minister said the government has talked to the Assam government to get more land for the construction of the Meghalaya House. care.
For vehicles coming to the Lyngdoh Sad consecration ceremony, the parking lot has been arranged as follows: those coming from East & West Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi District will have to enter from Lad-Deinthare to enter the village. Moody me.
This was taken on the basis of the Mineral Conservation and Development Rules
Honorable Mention to Mr. Harvis Phawa.
Dance groups from Assam also performed traditional dances including the Bihu dance, which is famous all over the country.
During the meeting, they also discussed the plan to conduct examinations in the state according to the directive of the University Grant Commission (UGC) to conduct examinations of universities in November.
When they tried to lead from the front, when they turned around, they found that there were no followers because everyone had risen to the throne to appoint another king from outside the party.
The Deputy Commissioner also announced that the following departments have been exempted from the curfew, namely, the Army, people working in hospitals and health centres, pharmacies, the police department, Road Construction, Water Supply, Electricity, Municipal Board, Cantonment Board, Information Department, Media, Banks, ATMs, Treasuries, Petrol Pumps, which are responsible for the health department, the distribution of lyer, the delivery of food to the homes, the delivery of goods to the homes.
Not only that, the BSF will also provide special training to the youth of Meghalaya on how to sit for examinations and other jobs.
On receiving information about the incident, members of the Circle and accompanied by police of Laban Police Station raided the area and found injections and drug containers but the drug dealers did not take them. ladon is no longer in this bag.
During the training, Nazareth Hospital, Civil Hospital and Military Hospital were identified as the best places to take the injured in such incidents.
He said that medical facilities are now available in the entire area.
The CEM said that the rules of governance differ from one village to another and they have to change the rules of procedure in the Dorbar Shnongs according to the demands of the time, but at the same time to say that women they shall be chiefs of the villages, they shall be chiefs of the villages, that it is not yet the time.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Wanteibok Lyngdoh President of HPSO West. The meeting was also attended by Samla Lastmanroy Pariong, Secretary HPSO Rambrai Circle. or the participation of the Sordar Shnongs of this area.
On the other hand, the union said that the CEM has decided to turn his office into a room in his own house.
The Commission will also meet with representatives of rural groups, urban group leaders, trade and industry group leaders in Meghalaya.
Hundreds of people from the Kur Dkhar Circle attended the ceremony.
In another raid, the troops seized 21 cows hidden in a field on the border with the intention of smuggling them to Bangladesh.
The award also comes with a cash prize of T.1,00,000/-, a medal, a certificate and other prizes.
We appeal to the public to please keep their promise.
Saswati Mudai, IOC Officer in charge of Meghalaya, said that in Meghalaya, the use of tyndonglyer shet is only 56% but with the PM Ujala Yojana scheme, the grant has increased. The government has paid T.300 tyngka for the purchase of a tyndong lyer.
It also approved of India’s economic growth, advances in urban management and change in relations with other countries, especially with China.
It is worth mentioning that in these days there was a clash between the police and the militants of this group while they were going to surround their camp and in this clash three militants were shot dead. die.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Sangma encouraged the teachers and praised the teachers who have served under the umbrella of MUPSTA for 30 years.
They said that in fact they should have been imprisoned for only three months but they have been imprisoned for nine months . know what was written at that time when they were in the hands of the police.
At this meeting, the meeting also decided to arrange in advance the programs of the college for one year so that it will be easier for the students in terms of the management of the college in various fields. this is done strictly so that the students know what the college will do for them for the year.
Risingbor Kurkalang is a famous musician who makes traditional musical instruments and is also a skilled musician.
The team will not prevent or discourage people from providing reviews condemning the products.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: U Prof. Lakhon Kma, President of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of NEHU, on Tuesday said that they will send a letter to the President of India and the Governor of Meghalaya regarding the appointment of Rohit Prasad and VC and Prof. Prabha Shakar Shukla.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: KSU Nongtrai Unit under the leadership of Nowel Rapmai President today met with the Officer in Charge of Mawsynram Police Station, P Burma.
“The State Government has demanded that I attend the meeting on 30th November, while the Ministry of Home Affairs on the other hand, has invited all the senior leaders of the HNLC to attend. himself," he said.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah AL Hek said that this will help the people of the state who want to start their own businesses, not only to prepare schemes but also to raise funds from financial institutions. to start businesses.
Myntri Rangbah Duh reiterated the Government's commitment to introduce good roads, railways and airports.
The presence of this court will help in the prosecution of cases.
I must express my gratitude to Lt.Gen.
The total amount of cash is T.23,60,000/- and this is sufficient for the District. This does not include the cash in other banks like SBI. He said that tomorrow morning there will be more new notes from RBI Guwahati and especially worth 500 rupees and he hopes that this problem will be resolved in the next few days.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The KSU Balat Border Area Circle (KSU) last month met with the Executive Engineer of PWD (Roads) Mawsynram Division on the speed of completion of the work for the Tlongpleng to Balat road.
The President of the Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) Babu Kenneth Shadap in an interview with the media on Friday said, “This has been revealed by the officers who do not want to be named. and they would not that I should mention their names.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Mining workers from Shella, Mawlong and Bholaganj areas today met with the Meghalaya Forest Minister Clement Marak to discuss the ban on mining.
This scheme is to help protect these forests which are beginning to disappear.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) has expressed its deep sorrow over the failure of the government through the NHAI to repair the NH-6 as promised.
The employees of KHADC who were honored today are Sharilang Lamare, Khrawkupar Mynsong, Kerbhalin Wankhar, Bnaishon Nongneng, Firsty Lyngkhoi and George Badwar.
They also praised the self-employment of the women of the village who have brought wealth and development of a lifestyle based on nature which is very different from the lifestyle of today.
The union on this occasion said that it receives complaints from the beneficiaries from time to time and when it goes up and down it also hears about this problem faced by the people especially the women. and the elderly in which they expressed that there is a delay in payment of the money even after the deposit of the checks which they have received from government offices as well.
He used to drink alcohol, smoke, speak Khasi and is a Christian.
The union strongly requests the BSF, Police and Village Authorities to patrol.
They also said that they will meet the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) to investigate the lack of confidence of foreigners to renew their trading license even after the expiry of the term. .
The flag was hoisted by the President of the party, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar. On this occasion, the seal of the party was also released. letters throughout India.
The KDA requests the leaders of the Legislative Assembly to speak out in the Legislative Assembly for the welfare and schemes to help us people with disabilities because in Meghalaya we don't have many. , we have about 30 thousand more/less if the government spends only about 10 percent of the revenue collected from the people and to pass a law 3% of the scheme of the MLAs to provide assistance to the poor. it will be a great blessing to us who are suffering in these days.
It is learned that the village authorities have met with the health department from time to time but it has not reached the goal. to meet with the Minister of State.
Shillong, May, 16: The Williamnagar Division of the Public Works Department (Roads) conducted a spot inspection on May 14th of the bridge over Chibok River on L051 connecting Nengmandalgre to Daribokgre.
“The Government's delay, from 2021 to 2023, that farmers have not received compensation for the damage to their crops by natural forces,” he added.
The Seng together with the village leaders on learning of the incident immediately rushed to Karbi village known as Langkeroi to help the deceased. The Seng has set a deadline for the Village Leaders of Langkeroi Village within two days to find out those involved in the shooting of our paradoh parasnam.
BSF troops today seized 22 shynreh from Wah Shella with the intention of smuggling to Bangladesh but BSF troops who were in the area seized these shynreh while smugglers get to flee.
It was also decided to implement various schemes through the MDCs to be implemented in their constituencies and the details will be met by the Implementation Monitoring Committee to decide how much money to spend.
On the other hand, MePGDCL said that it will do its utmost to reduce the amount of water released from the Umiam Dam so that there will be no impact on the people living in the vicinity of the Umiam Dam.
As of today, the child has become stronger, which is surprising that the child is now able to eat and the government has sent people to look after the child.
The time requires all of us to work together in the light and not to slow down and stay in our work.
IMD officials predict that the deep depression will continue to move nearly northwards and is likely to intensify into a cyclonic storm by this evening.
The Prime Minister said that as there are very few people who come forward to apply for this scheme, I will not be able to visit myself to encourage the people to come forward,” he said. Dr Mukul.
He said that as a nation or as the citizens of this state, we have been listening to what is happening around us. long man man man.
Tura, Nailar 07: The Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC) has called a 12 hour curfew today to urge the Central Government to hand over the Garo people to the Garo people. Ri Lum Garo will be open from 5 pm to 5 pm.
Services won the Best Team title, Akash won the Best Boxer title and SSCB coach Jai Patil won the Best Coach title.
Because as it has been seen from time to time that chronic diseases which can still be treated in rural health centres, but only because of the lack of doctors and nurses, have to be transferred to the city.
The Seng would like to make it clear that the border settlement with Assam will be according to the maps, books and boundaries of the Khasi Hills and not by hand.
The house will cost T.53 crore, he urged the Minister to look after this project for the benefit of the people of the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Khasi Hills District Council (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District has sent a complaint to the Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya (KSU) on the failure of the Supply Department of the District to manage the distribution of food items in the district. through the PMGKAY scheme and all ration items.
Speaking at the public meeting held by the Hima Nongkhlaw as the chief guest, he said that salary is useless, pension is useless if it does not have the future of the jaidbynriew. of this great king of the Nongkhlaw Hima, may it inspire many young men to become Turot Singhs at this time.
He said that this place is also one of the recreational spots where tourists will pass through this road and stop to see the beauty of this place.
During these days, the BSF have seized 317 cows worth 40 lakh tyngka.
: The BJP Meghalaya Pradesh has prepared the Labharti Sampark Karyakram or a program to ensure that the people of the state can benefit from various schemes of the Central Government.
The Cabinet also approved the proposal to appoint Bah T. Pyngrope as the Secretary of the Meghalaya Dispute Resolution Forum.
Shillong, Lber 16: U Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui in reply to a question on SAA teachers by Himalaya M Shangpliang MLA Mawsynram. He said that this scheme belongs to the central government and has been implemented in the states.
Shillong, November 28: The Director of Social Welfare, Meghalaya Government has informed the public that according to Sections 41 and 42 of the Juvenile Justice Act, 2015, it is necessary for all children's homes in the state to have must be registered under this Act.
What has the MP (Vincent Pala) of the area done for the people, what has he done for the people and what does he think for the people? They don't care about themselves, they care only about their own happiness and not about the rights of the people.
The number of participants in the 5Meghalaya Games has reached 6000, including girls and boys, officers, journalists, government officials and employees. in this game.
Adding to the consecration, the Diocesan Administrator, Sohblei John Madur welcomed Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh who will take over as the Head of the Diocese of Shillong.
This is his first visit to Meghalaya.
Shah said that in the last 10 years under the leadership of Prime Minister Duh, the best practices from around the world have been brought to India to provide disaster relief.
What will India look like in the 21st century? How fast will it go? How much it will work, what goals it will set – we have taken steps, one by one by setting a vision for the next 5 years in which we have remembered all these.
Prof Xavier P Mao, President of NEHU Teachers' Association (NEHU) has been elected as its first Chairman and Dr Prasenjit Biswas has been elected as General Secretary. .
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Secretary of the Society said that they have received T.18.61 crore from the SPVC for the implementation of development works. jam of the Society and development works.
Titos said the EC has brought the report of the advisory committee and this has upgraded the House and urged the EC to reject the report because if accepted it will upgrade the House. the whole house.
Speaking before the flag raising ceremony, Lt Gen AS Bedi, YSM, VSM, recalled the history between the two countries and said how to strengthen the bicycle ride. the relationship between these two countries.
Police said that the relatives of the woman suspect that she has disappeared with a man named Mridul Boro, who works at Shakhambari Ferro Alloy Company, Rwiang.
Natural forces are forest fires, volcanic eruptions, wind from living things and others and lift waste into the atmosphere.
Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Shillong Eastern Circle on Tuesday held a work permit check on foreigners working at JN Complex, Polo, Shillong.
From this, the Government will select 25 proposals for the 100,000 tyngka award and 50 proposals for the 50,000 tyngka award.
On the other hand, Bah PT Sawkmie in his speech alleged that this is corruption. On this allegation, Bah Antonio War who is the Chairman of KHFC and who is also the EM of the KHFC. The EC said that they have not been able to submit the report because they are still waiting for the money which they have not received. On the other hand, Bah Antonia promised inside the House that the money taken from the KHADC will be used. KHFC can pay.
to increase the TA of Gram Sevaks
In the old days, when they were quarrying mawbynna, the Khasi kamar used to write shun on the mawramsong by following the path of ksai maw, and then they would build a thynram tree to burn like burning bun burning shlem for about ten days; before going to see the next day that the force of nature had cut the stone exactly as it was written.
At the time of writing, the curfew has been in place and there have been no incidents.
The statement was sent by the Publicity Secretary of the party, Dapmaiñ Suchiang.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: U Bah Pynshngian Rumnong, Independent Candidate for the MDC election from the 18th Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, today announced that the Election Commission has given him the nomination. fall in the form of leaves.
This shows that there has been a terrible shortage of food and illegal work during this year.
Two other HNLC members have been arrested for raising the flag of the HNLC and they are the same person who tried to blow up the coal mines in Khliehriat. .
Screening activities by the states were monitored.
Titosstarwell said that if a woman has a lot of work like men, it will be difficult because there are jobs that women cannot do in terms of night watch. There are villages where women have also become village leaders.
The appointment of the interim Governor of Assam as the Governor of Meghalaya came after V Shanmuganathan resigned following allegations of sexual harassment.
In a letter sent by the HYC, the HYC said that the reason for their request to the government not to send them to pay school fees is that almost all the families are in need at this time.
Also present on the occasion were Noverfield R. Marak, MLA, Deputy Commissioner Pravin Bakshi of West Garo Hills, leaders of various religious groups.
The flight will fly between Shillong and Lilabari four times a day, between Aizawal and Imphal five times a day and Lilabari Ziro twice a day.
In the freestyle wrestling category in the 48kg category, Scolastica Rymbai of East Khasi Hills won the gold medal while Ibakordor Jyrwa of East Khasi Hills won the silver medal.
He said that his visit to the state was to sign a MoU with the Assam Rifles to provide special training to the youth of the area in employment.
At the same time, the Congress party congratulates the people of Meghalaya for their support for the re-election of Bah Vincent H Pala from Shillong LS. The people of Garo Hills have given their strong support to the party candidate Darly William CH Momin despite not reaching the goal of victory.
The construction of the rooms for the office of the Lamphang, the Chief Minister, the rooms of the ministers and other rooms is progressing despite the shortage of staff.
Shillong, June 02: The Superintendent of Police (SSP) in charge of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that as an experiment, vehicles have been allowed to climb from the Polo Towers of Little Blossom School to Dhaba Junction. I didn't go to Khyndailad.
At present, Meghalaya falls under the Special Category State and has to rely on the Central Government for the development of the state.
Shillong, July 30: Three Bangladeshis identified as Mohibur Rehman, 30, Kudus Miah, 25, have been arrested by the BSF today. Mubarak Hossain, 16, of Sylhet.
Shillong, March 06: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Metbah Lyngdoh today announced that the party has decided to support the NPP candidate for the 13th Mawryngkeng (ST) Assembly Constituency.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: U Bah Kimfa S Marbaniang MLA of Rambrai Constituency today lodged a complaint with the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) against the Assam Police for bombing people. in Umsawli village which falls under his constituency.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the General Secretary of the party, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh said, “As the party, we have taken this issue seriously because not only other groups want to to review the Reservation Policy.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnongs who came from different villages while taking part in the meeting said that it is time to take action against this company because of the water well that comes near this company. it is no longer for food or drink.
The price of medicines for those who do not have BPL Cards is T.300 per injection while for those who have BPL Cards it is T.30 per injection.
Police are investigating whether in this age of photoshop, anyone can use the name of the party, as happened in Garo Hills where there are GNLA members. but only the tenants, however, will be investigated.
Speaking at the meeting, Union Minister Sarbananda Sonowal said, “Under the able leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modiji, Assam has benefited from many development initiatives. a night that changes the lives of people and improves the quality of their daily lives.
On receiving the complaint, the police conducted a search operation and at 2.15 pm this morning, the child was rescued from Umran.
The Government's money will not be spent.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The Minister of State for Petroleum and Natural Gas, Rameshwar Teli today distributed the Ujjwala 2.0 cylinders as a public launch of the Ujjwala 2.0 This scheme is available in Meghalaya.
Suhas Chakma, Director ACHR, said that the Maoist leaders should take responsibility for this incident and at the same time the central and state governments should work hard to punish those who committed the crime. have hands according to the provisions of the Act.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The State Bank of India (SBI) today opened its first Urban Customer Service Point at MUDA Complex at Garikhana. inside the city of Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The staff of Woodland Hospital have conducted a cleanliness drive around the hospital to mark the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
Shillong, June 20: The Vice President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah A Dkhar, on Tuesday said that in the next few days, the party will meet to discuss the behavior of four MDCs. Donkupar Sumer, Bah Albinus Lyngdoh and Bah Equator Nongrang who left to support the EC led by Bah PN Syiem CEM of KHADC. After receiving the reply from the four MDCs, the party will decide whether to expel them or accept them into the party.
At 4th Furlong, a mobile phone tower collapsed on Tuesday night and damaged the toilet of a house.
On this occasion, the President of FKJGP, Bah W.Rani, said that as a nation, we need an Inner Line Permit to protect our nation from being invaded by other nations.
The Governor said that the government has approved the Advertisement Policy 2023 to replace the old policy of 1988, with this new policy to include digital media to get part together from government announcements.
Speaking to reporters, HITO President Bah Donbok Dkhar said that through projects and schemes, the department builds dams, irrigation canals, wells and pedestrian bridges. and irrigation systems, reservoirs, and more.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District, Swapnil Tembe IAS today appointed a team of inquiry by a Magistrate to find out the facts. The investigation into the incident will be conducted by the Executive Magistrate Rezia Ch Sangma.
The drugs were smuggled into India from Myanmar across the Indo-Myanmar border before being transported to other places.
As an MLA, he is concerned about the problem faced by MeECL and at the same time said that the government should take action to resolve this problem so that the people will not suffer.
Paul said the office has received the letters from these Town Committees because in the census which will start this year and end in 2021, there will be rules which villages will fall under the census. Town Committee, if the KHADC does not remove these Town Committees from this census, it will be shown that they are urban areas.
On the other hand, Dr Azad has directed the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills to provide the necessary equipment to pump water so that the victims can be rescued. to enter this work.
Khanapara, Nailur 06: The FKJGP today inspected the cow market at Khanaparakhappud with Assam. for use in meat consumption they must be healthy.
In a statement to the VHP on the occasion of the National Awakening Day, the General Secretary of the KSU said, “We don't interfere with the work of the VHP in India. The VHP should not interfere in the affairs of the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
On receiving information about the robbery, the KSU SWKHD rushed to Nonghyllam and lodged an FIR.
The main reason why the fish can no longer come to the Myntdu River which joins the Pram River is because the water has become bih and the fish can no longer survive.
Tura/Ampati, March 18: The first cycle cyclothon from Tura to Ampati, a distance of 43 km, was successful today despite the curfew called by the protesters. ILP in this state.
Sangeeta Sharma encouraged the MCA team to come forward for this programme , and also told the trainees to try at home every step so that they can become more active and that they may have a healthy body.
Shillong, March 11: U Keith Newman of the World Bank in the presence of the Chief Executive Member of the KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, today met with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa. Ainam Manik Syiem and the Ministers to discuss the cleanliness of the market.
On the other hand, Dr. Alice promised to the Seng that she will take action as soon as possible within this month to look into all the problems faced by the people especially for those families who deserve to receive and also to create ways and means to monitor and avoid these problems that are often encountered from time to time.
The truck was seized by BSF troops patrolling through the Mobile Check Post (MCP) on the Sonapur-Lumshnong road leading to the Lailong-Harai road.
If there is any incident, we will get information but for now we cannot investigate,” he promised.
The union also said that the arrest of the union leader is a sign to strengthen the struggle of the union in the fight against Corona virus which the government and the district authorities of South West Khasi Hills District have failed to do. to restrict only the residents but to allow foreigners to enter and leave the District freely.
He refuses to be strict in his definition of politics and political activities, or even freedom.
The introduction to the Film Bazaar enabled the participants to understand the marketing of films.
The states of the region have experienced rapid economic growth in the last six years as the Government has focused on improving transportation and infrastructure.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Assam said that this statement of the BJP leader is nothing but a statement only because the election is near.
Referring to the opposition's statement on the delay in calling for talks between the central government and the state government on the ILP, Prestone said the opposition's statement will continue. they are still waiting to criticize.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Fredric Roy Kharkongor, said that the turnout in the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Constituency and 2nd Tura Parliamentary Constituency was 67.03%.
After receiving the complaint, the police have investigated the theft from the house of Bah Bijoy from Ur-Masi-U-Joh village to track down the perpetrators. Investigation is ongoing to track down the culprits.
It was from 1875 onwards that the first Entrance School was established by Rangbah Jeebon Roy Mairom and other elders known as the Shillong Zillah High School.
There are 11 confirmed cases and 303 cases are under Institutional Quarantine.
On the other hand, Bah Syad said that after reading through the newspapers, he immediately went to meet with the police of Khliehriat Police Station to find out the truth.
The union will continue to increase the issuance of work permits due to the large number of foreign workers who have smuggled into the state and warns the employers of foreign workers not to encourage foreign workers. KSU Nongthymmai Circle General Secretary Richard Mawkhiew said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
Shillong, Iaiong 28: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Umjaiur Unit has sent its congratulations to Bah M.Tariang, Area Manager II of MeECL for taking note of the demand of the unit to repair the two electricity posts which have been damaged. in Block-3 of Umjaiur Village.
Vincent H Pala and three priests are now in San Francisco to bring the body of the bishop to Shillong.
In line with this objective, the Ministry has introduced a domestic framework for Medical and Wellness Tourism.
Police have arrested them for further investigation.
He said that during the pandemic, the march went to the villages and houses and the beating of the heart of the country did not stop even for a while.
Food and beverages produced by ITC,s goal is that the beverages and food will always be healthy for the human body when consumed.
The traffic jam in Umïam occurred on November 13, 2023 after ITC Cementation India Ltd.
Within Patharkhmah GS Circle: Umkadhor, Umphung, Umsaw, Barigaon, Nongwah Mawlein and Nongwah Pahamryngkang.
He managed the operations of Hoechst in India but in 1954 he founded his own company, Parekh Dyechem Industries, which manufactured textiles.
The refusal to hold the soskular has given birth to a new armed group, which has further deteriorated the situation.
In a statement sent to the media, the President of the RWDO, Bah Tensing Khonglah, said that Bangladeshi authorities used to smuggle into Tishang Nongjri village through a road. From there they used to enter the forest to steal siej trees, kwai trees, and other crops.
The Governor of the State has asked for the welfare of this poor child.
In this regard, the Sordar has requested the civil society organizations of Ri-Bhoi to take action by taking any necessary measures to find the the reason for the attack and to punish those involved.
–: means the media to encourage the public to participate in the dissemination of information.
Out of the revenue of T.17,641 crore reported in the Finance Accounts for the year 2022-23, the main revenues received by Meghalaya are T.9,937 crore as revenue, T.4,426 crore as revenue Grant and T.2,796 as loans and others.
At present, 70% of the population still depends on agriculture.
Expressing his happiness at the establishment of this new office, Samla Biangbor Paliar said, “We are very pleased to establish this office in this village because it has become part of the office. look at the situation on the border"
Police have received a complaint that Mestondar K Hari has raped a mother in Mawkyrwat village.
She said that the issues cannot be resolved at once but through continuous talks they can be resolved.
The MBOSE should have considered and informed the public if it has any intention to change the textbooks in schools, should have reviewed and given more time to the textbooks it intends to send to schools and it shall ensure that the books which it orders to be sent for reading shall be adequate and in accordance with the requirements of the time.
Let us preserve these traditional teachings, to know man, to know God and to earn righteousness.
Most of the affected farmland is kwai, soh niamtra, tympew, Sohmanir, Kaid and many other crops. Hundreds of farmland have been affected. affect.
On the other hand, the Director of the company, Manjoj Sompura, said that the company will set up three power plants in the state, starting at Byrnihat in Ri Bhoi District and Mendipathar in North Garo Hills. District and in Ampati of South West Garo Hills District.
Shillong, July 04: The CSWO has expressed its surprise that the OC of Mawryngkneng, Bah Ekwin Pala has been granted bail without appearing in court. The CSWO questions why the police did not fight against the bail application, this is the failure of the government, why the police took the time to arrest them. powerful people while the weak were arrested on suspicion.
The Commission urges the people to come forward and exercise their right to vote according to their understanding without being forced.
The Syiem said it is necessary to set up an office of the Khasi Hima within the KHADC in order to work with the people and to get their opinions.
“Now it has increased to 200,” Modi said.
The thrilling win marked the culmination of an extraordinary journey for Meghalaya, maintaining an impeccable undefeated streak from the group stage to the title-deciding clash.
“You are the referee of Nantu Das who has decided to take you to Orissa because you are from Inter University.
Both of them have become prominent Khasi women poets and writers and have published many books which have entered various levels of education.
The Prime Minister said that the concern is about the influx of foreigners.
All the games were taken from the Holy Scriptures of the Gospel. The Yotuh Fest was held in the name of Father Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh. ".
The poet Soso Tham says in his poetry, 'We seek light all over the world, We don't know the light of the country'
The Seng expresses its gratitude to the State Government through its Cabinet decision against this Act but the Seng feels that it is not enough but should be passed by a Resolution of the Legislative Assembly. altogether to oppose this Act.
Shillong, Lber 10: Replying to a question on the speech of the Governor of Meghalaya on the opening day of the Budget Session, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that he cannot answer the speeches. but he will give only the essential parts.
“No one can stop me as an MDC from working for the Mawlai Constituency,” said Bah Pathaw.
Speaking to reporters after talking to the Chief Minister, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, he said that while there are no laws to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners, the party will not allow it. The HYC has made it clear that the government should not think of a railway line while implementing the ILP. There is no law to protect the ILP or any law to protect the entry of foreigners.
Regarding the employees in Group A, Group and Group C, their salary will be withheld by 35% in all departments of the state government.
Therefore, these arsengs have handed over to the authorities of the law to take the necessary action.
The Union Home Minister said that ITIs and Polytechnics should play an important role in skill development.
(ii).
Bah Khlur said that this is not the first time that such an incident has happened in Madan Iingsyiem Hima Mylliem, but this incident has happened to Bah Kulam for the third time. as an organization, we cannot remain silent when there are such incidents.
Jowai, Lber 18: Denis Siangshai from Mookhep Village, East Jaintia Hills, has been elected to the Lok Sabha on 09-04-2
In his speech, Bah John F Kharshiing, congratulated the Rangbah Shnong of Umran Niangbyrnai and the office bearers of Umran Niangbyrnai Sports Club who took this opportunity to hold this commemoration with a football match. to commemorate the enactment of the Land Regulation Act
There were also singers to entertain the audience and the singers came from all over the North East, said Cornad.
Police led by the Sub Divisional Police Officer of Chokpot, accompanied by the Circle Inspector of Sadar, the Officer incharge of Chokpot, the Incharge of BDDS and three policemen rushed to the scene. At 1:15 pm to conduct a search for hidden bullets and it was not until 3:27 pm that police recovered these bullets from Chikbokgre forest.
Rare commodities such as gold, silver, copper, zinc, lead, nickel, cobalt, platinum group of minerals, diamonds and others are very expensive.
Shillong, March 15: Shillong Police on Tuesday recovered the body of an elderly man between the ages of 40 and 45 from the ball ground at Umkaliar Nongmynsong. .
“In the month of July, 2024 alone, the Police have registered 6 cases in which seven cases have been reported that people have lost their precious lives and 13 cases have been reported. serious injuries.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek today inaugurated the COVID-19 Treatment Center at the 67th Army Base.
There are 45 cases in East Khasi Hills, 29 cases in Ri Bhoi Hills, 9 cases in West Garo Hills and 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
It may be recalled that in the previous government, the Football Mission was introduced in the state with the aim of opening up opportunities for talented players in the field of football in the state from all walks of life. and regions of the state.
On the other hand, the HYC said that in fact, if there is any problem, these criminals should come and meet face to face to talk and not to use force.
According to information received by the SP News Agency, most of the vehicles seized were pickups. These vehicles were parked in the ground floor of the office of the Beat Officer at this bag.
The event is expected to be graced by several dignitaries, including the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, adding to the grandeur of the occasion.
There are 1.40 crore Bangladeshi Hindus while there are only 14 lakh Khasi in Meghalaya, Assam, Tripura, Mizoram, Manipur and Bangladesh.
Shillong, July 17: The General Assembly of the Federation of Khasi States (FKS) held a meeting at Lumjingsuk, Shillong today under the chairmanship of Bah John F Kharshiing. States.
Shillong, Naitung 06: On 1.8.2015 at 10:30 pm, a man identified as Bah Victor Rynjah, of Lawsohtun Block, was shot dead by a man from Lawsohtun Block. -IV, Shillong: A man has raped a child at his residence in Malki Wakadait, Shillong.
If anyone in the family wishes to take care of this child, please contact the Child Protection Unit, Shillong at 0364-2 Also to contact the authorities of the Child Welfare Committee, Lachumiere East Khasi Hills District Shillong at 0364-2224409 and the Lawei Baphyrnai Adoption Specialist Agency, Mawklot at
Titosstrawell Chyne said that on his part, he said that all this came after the DC of Ribhoi asked for the list of kurs under the KHADC. He said that all the chiefs have accepted the Khasi Lineage Act 1997 and they have accepted the issuance of the order issued by the government issued by the Social Welfare Department.
The Minister also stressed the need to develop natural resources, strengthen income generation in all areas to reach the heights of economic development.
Shillong, March 07: Meghalaya MLA John Leslee K. Sangma on Tuesday said that Hindi songs should not be included in government festivals. long to promote the culture of the minorities.
These buses have been operated in 15 schools in Shillong and have received a good reception from the public. when dropping off to school every day, as it is now the registration to take these buses to school.
We hope this doesn't drag on," he said.
Not only to sell or buy but also to eat and drink they have the same rights as others in the market.
Shillong, Lber 17: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District has set up an Anti-Influx Cell within the party to take stronger measures on the issue of illegal immigrants. mynder especially through the smuggling of coal, smuggling of construction and illegal trade.
The union does not want to hold protests but when the government does not listen to the letter, they will not be able to announce their protest tomorrow morning after the meeting of the Executive Committee.
He also recalled how the party in 1966 had worked with the APHLC to demand Meghalaya by putting up a slogan for Hills State from Rest. the state of Meghalaya.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Shangpliang said, “It is our culture that we show to the world and it is through the filmmaking that the world knows that Meghalaya is a state.
The union urges the law enforcement authorities to take action against this smuggling of cattle, and to continue to seize the vehicles transporting smuggled cattle to Bangladesh.
The SP said that the police have registered a case against the HNLC flag on the National Highway in Ribhoi District in April 2023 and the case has been registered at Nongpoh Police Station. under Section 120B/121A of the Indian Penal Code and Section 10/13 of the UA(P)Act.
New Delhi, March 13: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu, inaugurated the Param-Kamrupa Supercomputer Implementation Center and Laboratory for the design and development of powerful microwave devices at IIT Guwahati today. sun.
However, for unknown reasons, the road has had to be changed from Lad Mawreng to Weiloi and back to Mawkyrwat to reach Ranikor.
The passing away of Bah Massar is a great loss to the state.
President KSU South West Khasi Hills District stressed that the youth need to have the spirit of unity, responsibility, avoid evils like drugs and others. that there are many wicked people, but it is the silence of good people.
Regarding the arrest of these two members of the KSU, the court has authorized the police to detain them for 7 days so that the police can conduct a thorough investigation. .
: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) authorities in New Delhi have not yet sent any message to the BJP Meghalaya Pradesh to request the names of the candidates who have applied for tickets from Shillong and Tura. Seat for the Lok Sabha elections to be held soon this year.
The party also congratulates the MDA government led by Conrad K Samgma, who has traveled to Delhi to discuss the ILP. The party believes that the visit of the Prime Minister to Delhi will be successful. the interests of the political parties and the state as a whole.
The purpose of the meeting was to explain to them the rule that the KHADC has introduced known as the “Council of Traditional Chiefs and Headman Rule,
At the same time, the union also demanded that the government should set up another Anti Infiltration Check Gate at Tongseng village to prevent the infiltration of Bangladeshi authorities into the border. India through the border of East Jaintia Hills District.
Among the five persons, Bah Poland Sohphoh, Superintendent of Enforcement, sustained injuries to his hands while protecting himself and himself when the robbers tried to bomb him. the parts of the head were covered with a stick and he had protected them, and the hands of both of them were covered with blood.
The SPB has been informed that the registration will start soon and they will give four months to the public to take the opportunity to register their names.
Dr. Minakshi A Sangma, Superintendent, Civil Hospital, Tura, Balsa B Sangma, Emika Lyngdoh, Representative, Meghalaya Rural Bank and Rockime Marak, Advocate spoke on the occasion.
The Chief Minister has urged all those groups who have demanded the temporary suspension of the police to wait for the investigation and the government has already made it clear that the government will do whatever it takes. not according to the findings of the investigation team.
With his purity and sincerity, having an understanding soul and not being greedy for a seat, he was an inspiration to the country of young people.
Mairang, Jymmang 18: The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in an order issued on 17th June, 2021 has informed that due to the increase in the number of COVID-19 cases and High Risk Contact in Umthlong Village, Mairang.
The parents of the child are teachers at Silchar University and the child was abducted from the grounds of the university. The parents of this child should be asked for forgiveness.
These are the builders of the country by doing work, and we need to follow this good example from them.
After conducting workforce development programs at home and abroad, the Presidency recognized the importance of involving the G20 Membership in discussions on policies related to workforce development and to two-pillar solution.
Shillong, March 07: The Meghalaya Government Contractual Association (MGCTA) today decided to end the strike after a meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs. The Meghalaya Teachers Eligibility Test (MYET) examination (MYET) is not restricted to the age limit.
“After visiting Bharat Biotech in Hyderabad, the Prime Minister said, “At Bharat Biotech in Hyderabad, I learned about the domestically developed COVID-19 vaccine.
At this meeting, the Chief Minister showed many of the things that the state has to offer including the Lakadong river and many tourist attractions of the state and the discovery of the Meghalaya Age. .
There are also more than 100 members in India.
Shillong, Naitung 5: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) War Jaintia Circle has decided to demand that the State Government should not upgrade the PWD Sub-Divisional Office. Amlarem shaka rank Divisional Office (EE office).
Three Lyngdohs from Sohiong State, one Wahadar from Shella State, three Sirdars from Mawlong State, Mawdon State, Dwara Nongtyrnem State, Nonglwai State and Pansanngut State.
This was done with the generous donation of the members and office bearers of HNYF Mairang Sub-Division Circle.
Shillong, July 20: The “Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat” was celebrated today by the Central Government. the day of the state.
The residents of this area are poor and destitute in terms of income. Even to buy rice, they don't have enough money to pay for the bill light. The markets are no longer open because the government has closed all the markets.
Shillong, Naitung 14:The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) today under the leadership of Bah Bandary Ryntathiang President in the presence of Bah Roland Lyngdoh President Nongpoh Circle, Bah Shainingstar from Central Zone and other members visited the The Shillong Bypass is located on the Dwarksuid Bridge.
At present, the Congress party especially Rahul Gandhi wants to eradicate corruption and if the Congress government listens to his speech they should have listened to the speech of the leaders of this party. establish.
He said that there are many youths who have trained themselves in special jobs but have been employed in areas where their education and employment do not match. They have returned without a job for them, and it is here that their brains have been taken abroad.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The AJYWO Central Body through its President Bah MH Dkhar, wishes a happy Behdeiñkhlam to the members of the Seiñ Raij Tuber and to all the children of Jaintia Hills. the public is all.
The Hima Malaisohmat has elected Bah Pailast Iawrod as the full Syiem of the Hima because the people themselves have elected him as the Syiem. KHADC has sent it.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Khlur said the meeting decided that the burning site should be within the boundary of Madan Iingsyiem Mylliem. If there is a death, the cremation should be held at the place where Bah Kulam Nongrum was cremated until a suitable cremation ground is found.
Prime Minister Duh said the world is now focusing on the youth of India.
The President of the union, Samla Jersom Shylla, said that the government should find a suitable place to dispose of the waste by using a new method of scientific waste management. Government land should first receive approval from neighboring villages and specially selected land for the disposal of nuit.
7,050 kilos of sugar and 6050 kilos of kwai supari were seized from the house on the Bangladesh border. The seized sugar and kwai supari were handed over to the police. Rongra to do what you have to do.
It is necessary for the government to call for a meeting with all the 60 MLAs to discuss the issue because as it is now, it is because of the shortcomings in these powers in the past at the entry points like Umling and the state. This is the question to the households and the person who goes home whether he follows the rules or not.
The march today is a message from the people of South Garo Hills to the insurgents to immediately stop their attacks on the people. their against civilians.
On the other hand, the HSPDP Jaintia Hills congratulates the Minister for making a promise at the meeting and fulfilling his promise on 16th June 2024 when the government announced the appointment of the BDO of Jaintia Hills. Block Lumshnong.
Shillong, March 13: The death of the Archbishop of Shillong, Rev Dominic Jala in a car accident in California, USA has shocked the people of Meghalaya, not only the faithful but all. in this state.
: The State Government will spend more than Rs 23 crore for the hosting of the Meghalaya Games in Tura, West Garo Hills District from 15th to 20th July,
Speech was also delivered by Bah Tambor Lyngdoh, one of the members of the Mawphlang Educational Development Committee (KSKJ) who supported the school, who explained the progress of the school since its establishment in
He also expressed his gratitude to the central government for exempting Manipur, Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh and many parts of Meghalaya from the CAA, but in Meghalaya the government wants it to be to exempt the whole state from this law.
Rai, who is in charge of the railway construction, is from Muzzafarpur district in Bihar.
Thousands of workers from all over the state have come to witness this day.
of India in collaboration with the Government of Assam as part of the promotion of unity among the youth of the North Eastern Region of India, a group of youth of the State will leave for the participate in various competitive events including FOLK DANCE, FOLK SONGS, ROCK BAND, PHOTOGRAPHY and other competitions.
Answering a question regarding the speech of former Nongkrem MLA Bah Adrement Basaiawmoit, he said that he should have received detailed information before speaking and not to confuse. said the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong.
Meghalaya has the second highest number of cancer cases in India and according to the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), In Meghalaya, it is one in five men and one in nine women.
According to HNLC Ksiang Sadon, in the previous talks, many aspects of the freedom of movement or amnesty have been agreed upon and what remains is to agree clearly. The meeting will be held in July.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act
Challam said that this action of Bah Paul has greatly upset the people of Jaintia Hills.
The distribution of this vaccine will be once a day in government and recognized schools while those who have not attended school will be distributed through the distribution centers in the villages.
At the same time, the party wishes and wishes all the children of Jaintia Hills that the Creator (Tre ki Rot) will carry out their plans. and to pour out his blessings on the children of the Raid to grow in their livelihood and for the sake of their lives, concluded the statement sent by the president of the party, Bah JG Kyndiah. .
Nongrum also urged the Police Department to take action on this issue and if the Police Department does not take action, Nongrum will take other measures. .
Shillong, November 22: The Chief Minister of Assam, Prestone Tynsong, today met with the Chief Minister of Assam, Dr. Himanta Biswa Sarma and Dr. Conrad K Sangma. which is related to the issue of demarcation between the two states.
On the other hand, the Ministers who visited the SP News Agency include Urban Development Minister Amparren Lyngdoh, Road Construction Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar, Parliamentary Secretary Ngaitlang Dhar. On the first day and on the second day, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, visited the site.
This is a traditional religious festival of the people of the union. The union demands that the authorities should not celebrate this special day. This was led by Bah Apbor Nongrum working president. and Kenny Nongrum as General Secretary.
Shillong, June 10: The FKJGP Laitlyngkot Circle has held an Inter School Athletic Meet at Laitlyngkot Village for two days which started yesterday and ended today. from this area came to take part in these two days in collaboration with the FKJGP Central Body.
Friends, these exemptions from the restrictions after June 20 will be given due to the consideration on the income of the low income.
The union visited these slaughterhouses today to demand that the government should appoint doctors to examine the animals before slaughtering them for sale to the public.
Union Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Anupriya Patel announced the decision at a meeting to mark World AIDS Day, 2017 organized by the National AIDS Control Organization (NACO). ).
The Union Minister who is also in charge of Ayush also inaugurated the Guest House and laid the foundation stone for the Administrative Building, Pharmacy Building, well and road including the entry and exit gates. you program.
It may be recalled that Ma Histokrist Pachiang has been the Secretary Village of Iooksi for three times.
Minister Kharlukhi and Minister Langstieh today visited the market together with the Hima Police to ensure that the people follow the directions of the government. and those who came to the market to wear masks.
We have urged the SDO (Revenue) not to hire a Meter Reader because we don't know whether the Meter Reader or Lineman of MeECL is involved in the supply of electricity or whether they have any benefit from the supply of electricity to them. hundreds of families here,” said Bah Synrem.
There are 2151 recoveries so far, 76 recoveries today, 115901 samples taken, 101173 negative cases and pending results. 964 total returnees to the state are
The victories of the MDCs in KHADC are: 1-Jirang, 2-Nongpoh, 3-Mawhati, Charles Marngar INC, 4-Umsning, 5-Umroi. , Rangkynsai Kharbuki NPP, 6-Sohryngkham, 7-Mawkynrew, Martle N Mukhim HSPDP, 8-Nongkrem, Lambor Malngiang IND, 9-Langkyrdem-Laitkroh Kharpuri INC.11-Shella, Bah Tweinwell Dkhar UDP, 12-Mawsynram, Bah Alvin Khyriem Sawkmie NPP, 13-Sohra, Bah Titosstar Well Chyne UDP, 14-Mylliem, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh INC, 15-Laban Mi Mawprem, 15-Laban NPP, 16-Nongthymmai, Latiplang Kharkongor IND, 17-Laitumkhrah-Malki, 18-Mawkhar Pynthorumkhrah, NPP 19-Jaiaw, Paul Lyngdoh UDP, 20-IND Borlang Pawlai. .22-Nongspung-Sohiong, Sherborlang Mawlong HSPDP, 23-Mairang-Nongkhlaw, Batskhem Ryntathiang INC, 24-Pariong-Mawthadraishan, Jambor War UDP, 25-Mawkyrwat, Carnes Sohshang-Lasarin INC, 23-Mairang-Nongkhlaw UDP, 27-Nongstoin, Bah Gabriel Wahlang INC, 28-Rambrai-Jyrngam, Bah Bajop Pyngrope INC, 29-Mawsynrut, Bah Gigur Myrthong.
Regarding the arrest of three persons involved in the incident at Laitumkhrah Police Station, the Superintendent of Police, Bah S.Nongtnger said, “We have arrested three persons and they are still under investigation. and we have not imposed any charges because we have not completed a thorough investigation.
Thank you Bah PN Syiem, Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, PP Leader of the People's Democratic Forum (PDF).
At the same time, Kharkongor said that the party has raised a question before the law enforcement authorities what to do for these two foreigners who have been arrested by the Nomngmensong Police Station along with the evidence. KSU members (SP News) said:
In the last 15 to 16 years, the CCIB has been protecting the land of the people in the Riwar area of ​​Meghalaya from Nongjri to Jaliakhola so that the land should not go to Bangladesh. shiah knife.
Shah said the Central Government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi believes that the full development of the country can be achieved only through the inclusion of all the languages ​​of the country and that The new National Education Policy has included a provision for the education of children in the mother tongue.
The House after discussion one by one accepted these issues brought by the EC. The EC members were PT Sawkmie, Telinia Thangkhiew, Pyniaid Syiem, Leader of the Opposition Nongrem, HS Shylla and Adelbert Nongrum.
All sessions will last for 18 days from the beginning to the end, 12 days for the government and 6 days for the opposition.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA)'s recruitment of the people of Umsawli is against the human rights of the people of Umsawli. person, the party considers this act against human rights.
The Director General of Police (DSP) has admitted that they have found evidence of money laundering on the night of 23/7/2 umphniang sharak shi klong and through the videos you can see how these 26 persons have incited the people.
Mother Mariam Thresia said this in the program 'Mann Ki Baat'
However, as it is now, there are many types of schools which has affected the quality of education in the state, where education has declined.
Directed and acted by Alfidarie Kharsyntiew as the central character, the character of “I'll Look Where I Can't Find”, “The Blood Of The Heart”, “Looking For The Bone” and others.
Metbah Lyngdoh received 39 votes and Winnerson D Sangma received 19 votes.
HG Lyngdoh SP of EOW has been transferred to the post of SP of West Khasi Hills District.
However, the residents of Mawmaram and Kyllangjasap opposed.
Shillong, July 02: The AJYWO Central Body in a statement issued by Bah MH Dkhar, President of the AJYWO, wishes a Happy New Year to all the children of Jaintia Hills and Hynniewtrep Hills. Trep Seven Skum.
I will meet him and talk face to face so that we two MLAs can request the High Command of the party to approve Dr. Fenela Lyngdoh Nonglait as the candidate from Shillong Seat,” he said.
As the signs show, it is clear who will form the Government in Delhi.
On the other hand, the government has opposed the invitation of foreign doctors by giving them contracts but this has not been able to attract foreign doctors to work in the state.
According to police, heroin worth T.1.3 crore was seized from these persons and four persons inside the vehicle were arrested. Police have seized a Swift (TR-05F-0208).
He said that he has raised this issue in the Assembly to resolve the issues of the residents. He said that the visit of the CEM of KHADC together with the CEM of KAAC to these residents. There has been no more cooperation with Assam in relation to the development projects that the residents should receive.
This has opened up a lot of opportunities to jam ahead in the conditions in J&K for the better.
““However, at this time, some of the truck drivers did not agree and it is on this basis that the ongoing investigation has been conducted.
Perhaps many readers have heard of an incident in which an elderly man suffered a heart attack and died in a hospital in Bengal.
The Election Commission has also installed CCTV cameras at polling stations in different parts of the state.
The purpose of the raid is to curb crime especially drunk driving, as many of the accidents are caused by the drinking of alcohol. many times it brings sorrow.
Teachers and students who received training from these motorcyclists on the need for unity in the country and also on development works in the most remote areas of the country, especially in the North East and in the northeast of the country.
The AGP and BJP did not take part in the counting of votes.
The Sengkmie Publicity Secretary Emdor Buam strongly threatens that if anyone is found involved in allowing uranium mining and long-term storage, it will not forgive anyone.
The three day Behdienkhlam festival started on 6/7/2023 and ended today with the breaking of the holy water at Aitnar. part of this Niamtre ceremony.
At present, these agents who are only employees have had to flee their homes due to the threat from the people who have deposited money in the companies they work for.
The program also witnessed the exhibition of some of the most unprecedented equipment, which allowed the visitors to get their opinion especially on the Solar Mission launched by the Government of Meghalaya. .
Shillong, November 21: The ICAR Umiam has conducted a training for farmers, in which 110 farmers from 47 villages have come to take part in the training. Mayralborn Syiem, in his speech, congratulated KVK-Ri Bhoi for conducting this training in order to increase the income of the farmers.
Regarding the land, he said that earlier the land should have been 25 acres but now it is only 10 acres.
These four organizations had burnt down the tyngshops near the residence of the Prime Minister. This has angered the government for delaying the settlement of the border which has resulted in the deaths of three people. Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills district.
Both the Prime Ministers will have to sign the decision taken at the meeting.
Besides these nine persons, the Meghalaya Lokayukta has also sued the Secretary of GHADC Hewingson A. Sangma and two contractors including Sanjay A. Sangma and Dolrish D. Sangma.
On the other hand, the forwards of Iatreilang FC played hard and managed to score their first goal in just 18 minutes.
Mondal said that the increasing light outages of the electricity department in the past few days may be due to the fire in the light wires which could lead to power outages.
The Central Government has laid down new rules for the distribution of ration.
If it is a special session for the No Confidence Motion, we will discuss only that.
Shillong, June 04: A Tata Sumo with registration no.
The union also found that the postmortem and childbirth centers have been thrown into a hole covered with lyngtang and soil but there is another hole that has been left open. smelled the whole place.
Speakers on this part of the program were Prof. Sharad Nath Bhattacharya, Faculty, IIM Shillong, Tshering Diki, Chairman, Meghalaya Rural Bank, Sneha Kochar, Investment Advisor, Prof. Ambika Prasad Pati, Dean, SEMIS, North Eastern. Hill University, BiswajitSaha, Govt bad Bank Relationship National Payments Corporation of India, Tarif UL Ameen, Senior Vice President, UTI Mutual Fund.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya government strongly condemns the protests between one ethnic group against another.
This rule also applies to those roads constructed under the PMGSY scheme and roads funded by the State Government as well, regarding the maintenance of PMGSY roads after three years. The State Government shall not be responsible.
He said the MPSC has issued an announcement that the closing date will be the 31st of this month for all youths under 32 years of age to apply for the post. The card has been issued for 40 years.
Most of the richest cities are in the US with four cities: New York, the Bay Area, Los Angeles and Chicago.
Police have arrested four women, one 17-year-old girl and others including Carry Diengdoh, 20, Alana Mawphlang, 21 and Suzana Diengdoh,
Shillong, Nailur 17: Answering a question by Mohendro Rapsang on the planting of palm oil trees, the Minister in charge of Forests, James K Sangma, said that the government has not taken any action. any decision on this proposal of the Central Government.
Several exhibitions on the beauty and culture of Assam were also held with the dignitaries of the state.
The Meghalaya Medical Drugs and Services Limited (MMDSL) on Friday said that according to the quality test report, it has confirmed that the drug Albendazole is in compliance with the requirements and does not contain any defects. the impact as if it were spreading in the state.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said he is pleased with the players who have emerged from the Khelo India tournament and who have played well against players from other countries.
If children have these symptoms, they should stay at home until they recover from the disease.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Chief Engineer in charge of National Highways of the PWD Department B Marak today sent an inspection to the complaints of the passengers about the parking of kitmaw trucks on Laitlyngkot road in the parmaw area as it has become a major inconvenience to the passengers on this road. Sir.
There are three banners of the KSU Jaintia Hills Unit which read, “Government should fix the border, political dramas have been played”.
Today, only one person has been arrested. Others have joined him.
Shillong, Lber 14: U Bah Pynshangian N Syiem MDC of Mawkhar Pynthorumkhrah today said that they will appeal to the High Court against the holding of the election for the Chairman and Chief Executive Member of the KHADC which was scheduled to be held on the 17th of this month. and 18 this month.
Speaking to reporters, he said that he has no reason against the UDP, but he has decided to leave his relationship with the party at this juncture. He also intends to support Dr Prechard Baldwin Macdonald Basaiawmoit who is contesting the MP election to the Lok Sabha this year from the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
The opening hours for the public will be from 5.30 pm to 7.30 pm.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong Kurbah, has suggested that those who own vehicles should put a plastic bag inside their vehicles where they throw garbage, especially those who take their children to avoid throwing garbage in the vehicle. road and shall throw the garbage back in the designated places.
Shillong, July 14: The Shillong Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum (KJCLF) on Friday, July 14,
Shillong, Jymmang 30: Vice Admiral Girish Luthra will take over as the Chief of Army Staff of India tomorrow morning. This is also known as the 'Pulling Out' ceremony in the Navy.
Authorities are aware of the situation in the area.
Hek said there are many schemes under the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department and the Fisheries Department which benefit the farmers such as the Aquaculture Mission, Poultry Mission and Piggery Mission.
After this, the Government of Meghalaya has issued another challan for the mining.
Speaking to the supporters who accompanied the rally to the Secretariat to demand the Government to re-appoint the three officers who have been dismissed from the Meghalaya Lok Ayukta, Bah Ardent said, regarding the removal of (three) officers from the Lok Ayukta, we have issued a written notice and scheduled a protest.
The three policemen are accused of robbing a truck number AS-01-EC-0515 carrying copper worth T.20.10 lakh. .
The Governor was accompanied by PK Dubey, Inspector General, BSF, Meghalaya Frontier.
“The Seng wants to walk in the right path with the rules of law but if the authorities are blind, the Seng will have to take the law into its own hands for the benefit of the people,” he said. you understand.
Many times students who have done well in Class XII but due to poverty have had to drop out of their studies because there are no adequate schools in the state to compare. and other states.
Therefore, the Government of India should allow the UN and the people to choose whether they want to join India or stand on their own as an independent nation.
Does this documentary promote or destroy the nation? This documentary is based on the experience of the filmmaker who has witnessed many events in the field of marriage, ethnicity, khadar rule, naim customs, traditions, customs and traditions, which the nation believes are its fundamental foundations.
Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit said the VPP demands that all recruitment should be suspended until the Reservation Policy in the state can be finalised.
A total of 6,34,168 Ayushman cards were issued at the health camps today.
The Congress leader should not forget the words of the late Rajiv Gandhi that only 100 rupees from Delhi reach the states which the BJP has been able to control. “It's a good idea to fight corruption and to ensure that the rights of the people will reach 100 percent,” said Bah Pohshna.
This 'AmritVatika' will be a symbol of commitment to 'Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat'
JSU General Secretary Samla Emperor Bareh said that the JSU doesn't have the same opinion anymore or do they just talk to confuse the people of Hynniewtrep? to talk to the Chief Minister or any Minister if the talks end in silence without being able to take a decision on the demand of the Sengbhalang to implement the ILP in our State, because we as various Sengbhalang have He has met and discussed with the Government since the previous government and also in the present one under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma as Chief Minister.
Shillong, Nailur 18: Former MLA of Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Constantine Lyngdoh, passed away today after a long illness.
Jambor said the NPP MDCs accept the soskular but the UDP does not accept the Soskular. That is the difference. but it shall be the Hima if they go to appeal to the court.
The Cabinet also decided to appoint 6 inspectors and 15 gatekeepers in the Ministry of Public Works and Highways. long 39 but those who are now have only 15 gnut.
About 1800 trainees attended the programme.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 519, with 151 cases in Ri Bhoi, 151 cases in West Garo Hills and 102 cases in East Khasi Hills. The total number of cases in the country has risen to 54875 so far.
Shillong, Lber 13: Police today seized 37 boxes of heroin from a truck coming from Tripura while searching vehicles coming from Assam to Meghalaya. Phensedly drugs worth T.38.16 lakh were seized.
The MDA government in Meghalaya has been formed by many political parties including the NPP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP and BJP. The NPP has nominated its MP candidate Bah Sanbor Shullai.
Not only that, according to the investigation and complaints received from the residents, many shortcomings have been found in the operation of this bank.
Speaking to reporters , Donbok Dkhar said that they had met with the officer and asked him how many people should have received the grant , but the officer had refused He replied that he did not have any grant, without showing any documents in this regard and his answers were also unclear.
Susanta Kumar Nathh IG BSF of Tripura, who led the Indian delegation to speak at the meeting, said that the meeting will help in the relations between the two countries. India's band is Bangladesh's.
Shillong, March 14: The Union Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mansukh Mandaviya, today inaugurated nine buildings at NEIGRIHMS Hospital Shillong and laid the foundation stone. The five buildings inaugurated by the Union Minister today are the Medical College and Hostel, the Regional Cancer Centre. , Nursing College and Hostel, Module Operation Theaters, Virtual Autopsy Facility and a new hostel.
After the outbreak of Covid-19, it is necessary for people to gather in water sources.
Out of the 3082 polling stations in the state, 2025 have no polling stations, 536 polling stations have been cleaned and 454 polling stations have been cleaned.
KSU Laban Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the arrest of Khasi youths without sufficient evidence. the Police Department is responsible.
The pride and hope of the entire nation at such times when the nation needs intelligent youth to protect the nation from foreign invasions.
The Seng receives complaints from time to time that there is corruption in the recruitment and discrimination during the Personal Interview.
The HYC demands that the authorities should punish these people according to the law.
In his speech, the Vice President of the party, Bah George B Lyngdoh, urged the people to work together to bring about change and the MTC has decided to bring about change for the benefit of the people. state.
The office sends its condolences to the family members of the deceased.
The Chief Engineer of the State Youth Department said that while we are trying to drain the water from these newly installed water pipes, the water has not been able to stay in those areas which have just arrived. water from new pipes in Shillong and surrounding villages.
The president of the party also urged the people of Langrin Hima that if the Hima calls any public meetings or public hearings, he urged the people of the Hima to take responsibility to attend the meetings.
The 44th edition of the Chess Olympiad has been awarded by the World Chess Federation (FIDE) to the All India Chess Federation and will be held at Mahabalipuram, Tamil Nadu from 28th to 9th November. April 15, 2022.
The two MDCs, James Sylliang and Grace Kharpuri, are from the People's Democratic Front (PDF) party where the CEM of KHADC is the Chairman of the party.
He said the Meghalaya government should immediately call for talks with the Assam government in the presence of CEM of Karbi Anlong District Council Tuliram Ronghang and should seek clarification on the CEM's insult to the Khasi-Jaintia people living in Mukroh.
According to the customs, the value of all these drugs has reached more than T.41 lakh.
The Government has set up a number of Brown Field Community Colleges.
In an attempt to find out the face of Tirot Sing Syiem, Bah Raphael Warjri came to the media from the 1990s and met Bah Skendrowell Syiemlieh, the great poet and also Bah Kitdor Syiem, Minister of State, Mairang.
When asked, he said, “I haven't received any information yet, but I've only seen it through the media.
Through a video recorded at the scene, it is clear that the Meitei tribe had tried to attack the Naga, in which there was also a heavy fighting between the two men.
In the meeting, the Seng demanded that the Head of NEHU should provide more detailed explanation to remove the darkness of the colleges and the students who have not yet started their classes. The National Education Policy (NEP) has been implemented.
Referring to the CAB, the Chief Minister said they have discussed this issue and the question is if the CAB is implemented what will happen to the ILP in Nagaland and also to the MRRS Act. has been implemented in the state and the government is looking into how to improve it.
The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting has informed all private satellite TV channels to refrain from showing children in inappropriate ways in reality shows related to dancing or others.
The objective of the National Rural Health Mission is to provide all the villages in the state with specially trained health workers who will lead the people to the health centres.
The General Secretary of Nongstoin Circle said that the topics to be discussed on the day were to strengthen the party, to discuss the excessive working of the law enforcement agencies, the ban on coal mining and others. .
New Delhi, Naitung 12: The Expenditure Department of the Finance Ministry today released Rs 7,532 crore to 22 State Governments for their State Disaster Response Funds (SDRFs).
"We urge the people to support Nehemaya Tyngkan and to honor him because he is a young man who really has the ability to be a leader of the country and the nation especially who is brave and who has the spirit to help them. “It's a good idea to help the people who are poor and need the help of the leader,” said B.Tariang General Secretary of the Seng.
At this meeting, they handed over to the President a copy of the Notice issued by the Election Commission of India, in terms of Section 73 of the Representation of People Act, 1951, which contains the names of the members. elected to the Legislative Assembly after the holding of elections to the 18th Lok Sabha.
Shillong, Lber 08: Congress candidate AT Mandal has been rejected as the new Speaker of Meghalaya without any opposition.
The SP said that doctors have taken the student to the hospital for treatment as he sustained injuries to his right leg and head.
What is more surprising is how this meeting was held with the constituencies which are units, as 18 West Shillong and Pynthor Units have already been abolished before the 2018 MLA election.
Only 30,207 thousand out of 54,134 thousand students from 679 schools passed the SSLC examination which was held at 157 centres.
The special prayer will be held at Rama Krishan Mission in Laitumkhrah Shillong at 11 pm. The special prayer will start at 7.30 pm only for the senior leaders. the public will be at 11 am.
The same complaint has been sent to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya, sent to the Registrar General High Court of Meghalaya for information and sent to the Commissioner and Secretary of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The Rangbah Shnong of Mawryngkneng, Peter Lawai, was also present on the occasion.
The Drum Competition was divided into two parts, the Drum Competition for individuals and the other for the Group Drum Competition. first, second and third.
It is necessary for all the Kurs to have an office of the Dorbar or Seng Kur.
The report, released today, said that among the small states, Meghalaya and Mizoram have improved in the provision of health services, while among the large states, Uttar Pradesh, Assam and Telangana, UTs, Delhi and Jammu and Kashmir.
I have led Salmanpara Constituency for nearly 10 years from 2013 to 2023 but I did not lose the last election.
Dr. Mukul also delivered a speech at the last rites of Dr. Andreas. In his speech, Dr. Mukul said that he has known Dr. Andreas since they were children. They studied together at St. Anthony's College and then they studied together during their doctoral studies at RIMS in Imphal, Manipur.
He spoke about the work of the Ramakrishna Mission, Sohra which has been training 12,000 students every year at 49 places in Meghalaya for 100 years.
It is for this reason that the Central Government has formulated the Act East Policy to achieve this need for roads, railways and airports and the Government has decided to develop the region in all aspects.
These awards are presented by the President of India at functions held at Rashtrapati Bhawan in April and June each year.
Regarding this, the Dorbar Shnong Mawsynram has already asked Pa,im Amos Malanniang whether there is a social agreement. There is no such thing on the part of the village now and it doesn't even have that soskular if it exists.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday decided to hand over the new presidency to Bah Bindo M Lanong, one of the senior leaders of the party.
According to the residents of Laitlyngkot, many of those who were fined today were also from the funeral home near Laitlyngkot Market. of those who are punished.
“This shows that the shops in Majai are foreign.
The meeting decided that it is necessary to invite all the groups from the Chief Executive Members including NGOs to meet with them on this issue.
The party has now started to consider which constituency they are sure to win, which constituency they will have the hope of winning and which constituency they will contest even if they do not win.
Shillong, July 09: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal, on Tuesday said that he has received a letter from the SP City of Shillong, regarding the arrest of Bah Julius Dorphang and the Director General of Shillong. Police informed him by phone when he was not in Shillong.
Not only that, the robbers also threw petrol bombs at vehicles parked in front of the MGCC office in Rilbong.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Sonstar Nongkhlaw, Asst Finance Secretary KSU CEC. Samla Meaning Pathaw President Nongthliew Circle, Samla Pynshaiborlang Rani and Samla Shemphang L. Mawphlang Litigation Secretary KSU Sengkmie.
At the Summit, books entitled “Glimpses of NMEO-Oil Palm Cultivation in NE States” by the Oilseeds Division, DA&FW and “Improved Management Practices of the Oil Palm Cultivation in NE States” by ICAR were launched. IIOPR and Assessment Report.
There are 140 villages affected by the floods. The District Administration has deployed the SDRF to help rescue the people trapped in the floods. to more remote areas in collaboration with the District authorities.
The signing of the soskular will be a milestone in the development of electricity, to pave the way for prosperity and a secure future.
existing viral diagnostic and research labs will be strengthened, 15 biosafety level 15 labs will be implemented, 4 National Institute of Virology and the National Institute for One Health will be opened.
Shillong, March 03: Ka KSU on Tuesday 2nd March 2021 has opened its office in Laitumkhrah Village where the youths of this village have come out with the responsibility to take over. to the Lyngkor to share the burden of the Jaitbynriew which is facing and suffering from time to time.
The IDY Podcast will be released in
He said that this is the act of the border guards and the government will not leave those involved in the bomb blast at Police Bazar today. There is no peace in the state.
The Prime Minister was accompanied by Sniawbhlang Dhar, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Lahkmen Rymbui, Ministers, government officials and traders on the four-day visit to northern Bangladesh.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 36 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state. Garo Hills 3, South West Garo Hills 2, West Garo Hills 11, West Jaintia Hills 5 cases.
Furthermore, the KSU has urged the Minister of Health and Family Welfare Department, Ampareen Lyngdoh to visit the CHCs and PHCs in South West Khasi Hills District. and Mawsynram.
On the other hand, the HPF would like to extend its special congratulations to Bah Blah President of the HNYF for being elected as the ksiang on behalf of the HNLC in this peace talks between the state government, the central government and the HNLC. The HPF hopes that the talks will be successful to achieve peace.
The districts with the lowest number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 today are East Garo Hills with 6 cases, North Garo Hills with 7 cases and South West Garo Hills with 9 cases. Department of Health.
Looking at the influx of funds, the government has decided not to withhold the salary for the month of June which the government employees will receive in July.
The Prime Minister said that when the government signed such a social agreement and now they don't come to ask questions, it is not meaningful but as a government that should have responsibility, the government has taken them. some solutions to the problem regarding power outages.
The State Disaster Management has directed all the Deputy Commissioners of Districts in the State to deliver relief to all those households who have been affected by the storm.
The loss is not only for the party as one of the founders but for the country as a whole.
There are 133 recoveries, 95 cases in East Khasi Hills, 19 cases in West Garo Hills, 11 cases in Ri Bhoi. to 5406 people.
Posters produced by one party should not be removed by employees of other parties.
A Pulsar 150 was seized from Amlarem and another Pulsar 220 cc was seized from Pynurlsa. Both these bikes did not have number plates.
Director AG Ahangar said that the MCI officials visited the doctoral college to inspect the facilities.
If I get the support of the majority, I will remain and if I don't, I will step down from the post of CEM. Not to be decided by the MPCC, I was elected by the House and let the House decide”.
There are 4 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi and 2 from West Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries so far is 92,0
On the other hand, the police have arrested him.
: The meaning is not marked with the correct number and is not correct in the intended location.
He said that it is in the hands of the youth through the encouragement of the mothers, through the empowerment of the elders that they can stand up against many kinds of challenges.
Other sources said that the party will announce two names tomorrow, one of Grace Marry Kharpuri MDC Nongskhen and the other of Bah Will Khyllep IAS. who has retired from his job in Mawlong.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today held a protest near the Additional Secretariat to protest against the discrimination against the Khasi people living on the border with Assam. The protest was also to condemn the government for its inability to protect its own people from the violence in Assam from time to time.
Honsen was awarded the Bhutan Scouts and Guide Fellow Medal in 2016 and has been a supporter of not only the Silver Elephant. in the state but also in the country as a whole.
The medical college will train 100 students with 40 seats reserved for the youth of the state and will have a hospital with 500 beds which will be set up at the RP Chest TB Hospital. The target is to start education and to start a 250 bed hospital in 2016 and by 2020 it is expected to have a fully equipped Medical College and a 500 bed hospital.
From the old Look East Policy, the Act East Policy has now been implemented.
The Deputy Commissioner not below the rank of Addl. District Magistrate shall be elected as the Chairman.
The BJP Meghalaya State Unit on Thursday demanded that MPCC President Vincent H. Pala should clarify the allegation that the BJP has insulted churches.
He said that a special program is being conducted in the state to connect the youth of the country with the NCC which will bring about the desire to serve the country and train the youth how to protect themselves.
Pala said that in politics, the time is still one year, the time is still enough, it can go up or down. I've craned I've craned".
Our countrymen also need to accept technology.
At this meeting, the Chief Guest handed over the AmrutKalash to the leader of the team who will deliver the soil to Delhi along with the participants from different blocks of Meghalaya on 25th March,
DIG UK Nayal, who is also a PRO, said that there is no expense involved in the exercise. He urged the BSF to conduct the exercise regularly. day and diet and to the soldiers on the border to take better care of their health.
Dr Mukul said that the price of shynrai im has decreased in the market only for the products produced in the state. He gave an example of the price of shynrai im in the month of June in the villages. The price is only T.10/- per kilo.
Shillong East Circle won 6-5 in the tie breaker.
At this juncture, the union also expresses its surprise regarding the soskular (MOU) signed by these two groups which has not been made public since then. This shows that there was a mismanagement of the EC of KHADC at that time which misled many churches.
More than T 2,000 crore will be invested in the North East to develop and introduce air services by the Government of India.” Explaining about the UDAN scheme, the Minister said, “415 air routes have been constructed. implemented under the UDAN scheme and more than 91 lakh people have benefited from it.
In this regard, the KHADC will introduce a Bill in this session that according to the bill, each village will have a Village Development Council with the Chairman. The Rangbah Shnong and its members shall be for all in which women shall also be able to participate and the operation shall be once every five years and the election shall be by election.
Shillong, March 23: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on receiving information that some private individuals want to sell their land to the Border Security Force (BSF) has sent their complaint to the Border Security Force (BSF). The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor War Nongbri.
He said that the police department has received complaints from many taxi drivers associations in Shillong about the operation of these blue taxis within Shillong.
The Prime Minister said that people should not misunderstand that the construction of these two-wheeler roads will be the beginning of uranium mining, as the government has not yet taken any action. The Government will not make a mistake if there is no consensus. The Government has clearly understood this issue.
Pynshngain N Syiem said that there has been a suggestion in the past regarding the inclusion of youth organizations in the Village Administration Bill but this has not been successful.
We also want the experts to give their opinions on what measures the government should take for the implementation of the ILP in Garo Hills,” said Bindo M Lanong.
Shillong, July 15: A meeting was held today between the government and civil society to find ways and means to prevent the infiltration of foreigners in the state.
Shillong, March 13: U Vicky Nelson Marbaniang from Pynursla constituency today expressed his regret that the Meghalaya government has refused to recognize the company he founded, Techno Beet India Limited.
The CISF, ITBP and SSB have also expressed their deep sorrow and as a sign of deep sorrow over the incident, these troops have also suspended the Holi celebrations today.
This will also provide space for those who need such Shelter Homes.
In a letter of complaint sent by him, even in the PIL No. 2 of 2022 in the High Court of Meghalaya, he alleged that the illegal mining of coal in Jetra, Udugre village in Chokpot of South Garo Hills. Hills.
He said that the spread of drugs has now reached the rural areas where many of the families have suffered.
The KSU SWKH District has alleged that Bah Shylla has sold the land on the 12th.
Even in the midst of the heavy rain, it has not destroyed the spirit of joy in which the Hindu community has completed their rituals for the past four days in Meghalaya amidst the surveillance of the police. to guard the places of worship throughout the state.
He said that on receiving information in the morning that MeECL personnel were in the area, they rushed to the scene.
The people now should assume that everyone is positive and when they assume that they are positive they should take care of themselves and taking care of themselves protects the community, the village and the state as a whole.
said Bah HS Shylla MDC in a statement sent today.
The same exhibition will be held on the 23rd of this month at the Garrison Ground on the day of the Mela.
The ceremony will begin at 9 pm.
Before concluding, she urged the teachers to work hard and become trained teachers so that the school can continue to improve.
Shillong, Nov 14: Once again showing it's alertness on the international border , the BSF troops deployed at Jatrakona, South Garo Hills district, apprehended one Indian drug Smuggler with one driver of Three Wheeler vehicle with 994 Nos Yaba tablets. 3 more than R Lacs.
On the other hand, the DC said that as of now, the assistance has not been completed according to the cost as they are still asking for more money from the government for about T.18 lakh. to the lanot.
In a statement sent today, the ADE said that if the GHADC goes ahead with the sale of bam pom trees, the ADE will not stand idly by. Shillong, November 15: The Additional Chief Secretary of GHADC, KN Kumar, on Tuesday said that in Meghalaya, it will not be possible to plant leaves in large gardens. The state lacks strong Co-operative Societies. There is a large land holding and the wages of the workers are very low.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Legislative Assembly today rejected the demand of Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh to include Meghalaya under Article 371 of the Constitution of India by voice vote. .
Speaking to SP News Agency, many of the residents felt that this issue is the responsibility of the people to fight but the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi has conducted a survey from the residents of Ri Bhoi District. ei they want and the voice of many want it to pass from where the road is now.
The doctors who attended the clinic were from Nongstoin Civil Hospital Shillong and Mairang Civil Hospital. .
On the other hand, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit said that the HSPDP has decided not to contest in some constituencies and this decision to work together is for the good of the state and Now you don't have to worry about it, because you don't have the law.
The program was implemented in Jagiroad (Morigaon), Lanka (Nagaon) and Lumshnong in East Jaintia Hills where many trainees were able to stand on their own feet through sewing.
The complete electoral roll in accordance with rule 129(4) will be issued on 1/2/2
Referring to the removal of the Anglo Indian language, the Chief Minister said that this is not the responsibility of the state government as the reservation for them is only in 14 states of India. Meghalaya is not included in the list.
So far, 11916 people have returned, 8504 samples have been taken, 8094 results have been received and these are negative. there were 343 of them.
On the morning of 10th July 2019, the North East Bandh called by NESO was held at Madhab Bari Highway, Jirinia Sub-Division, West. Tripura as part of the protest against the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016 under heavy surveillance by the Tripura State Rifles.
The meeting was attended by CEMs from the three District Councils, Bah PN Syiem of KHADC, Bah MB. Rymbai of JHADC, Cleophas Sangma of GHADC and government officials of the District Council Affairs Department of the state and the meeting discussed only the division of constituencies.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Road Construction Department of the Union Government has allocated T.8.7 crore for the construction of the Shillong-Tura Road which collapsed in 2020 at Nongshram in West Khasi Hills District.
Tura, Naitung 22: The Border Security Force (BSF) on receiving a tip seized an Alto Maruti (AS-01-AZ-2930) while it was on its way to Tura. Just Daku.
The HNYF leader said that according to the notice issued by the Assam Government in 1966, it has made it clear that the Limitation Act will not apply in Meghalaya. The Secretary to the Law Department, Government of Meghalaya has issued a notice that the Limitation Act, 1963 does not apply to the Schedule Areas. The High Court has ruled that the Limitation Act does not apply in Meghalaya.
Now with the discovery of the soskular, the farmers have been able to receive assistance according to the soskular and according to the CEM, the Soskular has not been changed yet.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: While the talks in Bangladesh between the Border Security Force (BSF) and Bangladesh troops in Shyllet are ongoing, the attempts of Bangladeshis to enter India are still ongoing. go ahead.
On the other hand, the Secretary said that the society relies on the Lafarge Company but this has nothing to do with the company.
Police have opened the boxes and found that there were 158 boxes of drugs in the boxes. The value of the drugs was 158 boxes. heroin valued at Rs 14 crore.
Regarding the election of the leader, the UDP and NPP have decided that the leadership in KHADC should be led by the UDP and in JHADC by the NPP. each shim.
The injured were identified as Balapynhun Kharthangmaw, 25, Syntiewksiar Kharthangmaw, 32, Marbida Kharthangmaw, 34, Balarisha Kharthangmaw, 29 and two children.
Shillong,Novprah,05: Ekra Yan Diva Picture Production is one of the most popular production factories in Jaintia Hills. Another film titled “Nasib Da Bynta” was released today at Shillong Press Club and the CDs will be sold from the 9th of this month.
He said that the signs in these days show that the Congress will come back to power in Delhi in
In the filing of nominations for this post, the Legislative Office of JHADC has received only one nomination and that is that of Violet Lyngdoh from the NPP. Violet won the battle without any fight.
A 13-year-old boy was killed and two others identified as Lewis when a tree fell on an autorickshaw at Panitola in Byrnihat. Syiem, 22, Stillfull Marwein and Prakash Sangma, 40, were injured.
From St. Edmunds Higher Secondary School, Shillong, others who have entered the Top Ten are Hamekhrawbok Kharshiing in fourth place and Emiheisakiru L. Thubru in ninth place.
About 40 people on Tuesday went to the AMD office in the area and arrested Satyander Saurac, 29, and Srinjoy Mukherjee, 31, who were injured in the attack. they are rich.
Shillong, March 26: Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Manstudy Nongrem and Deputy Chairman Donevan Wanlang today resigned by handing over their resignation letter to the Secretary to the Legislative Assembly, Bah A Shangpliang.
Throughout these years, they have tried to use other methods and scientific methods to buy and deceive the people and they have also tried to mislead the people that if the villagers do not give their consent and oppose them, they will not cannot achieve economic development and will remain behind.
Shillong, November 20: The sale of tickets for the match between Shillong Lajong FC and Neroca FC on the 23rd of this month will start from tomorrow morning at the I -League.
To mark the 75th Anniversary of Independence, the Department has organized the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav under the theme 'Children Ideas, Rights & Nutrition' 14 to 21st November, 2021.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: There are three new cases of COVID-19 in Meghalaya, three from East Khasi Hills District and two from Ri Bhoi. District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today announced that the state government will introduce the St. Xavier University Bill in the session which will start tomorrow.
The Central Government has launched the Central Government Sponsored Scheme in March, 2019 for the opening of 1023 Fast Track Special Courts (FTSCs) including 389 POCSO Courts in 31 States and UTs for the speedy trial and disposal of cases related to rape and the POCSO Act.
As it is now, the danger can be prevented.
It is impossible to explain the relationship between C and Cj because it can be left to those experts from the Amwi and Lyngam speaking villagers or other areas.
" said Rocky Hek.
Others who attended the competition were Bah P Syiem, Gerandia Marbaniang, Jolly War and Jasmine Basaiawmoit who were the judges of the competition.
When asked, Dr Ao said the BJP is strong in Shillong and Tura parliamentary seats in Meghalaya.
The recognition of the Khasi language has been delayed for decades, although both Khasi and Garo have been recognized as medium languages ​​in the state since 2005 and last year the State Legislative Assembly passed. has already approved the decision on the demand for the recognition of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah DD Lapang said that many times the leaders come from the villages, especially from the remote areas.
Shillong, June 03: Members of the KSU today turned to Sohra Police Station to demand clarification on the arrest of two members of the KSU Shanborlang Shati and Messadapbor Skhembil. Police on charges of involvement in the death of two persons in Ichamati.
The petition sent to the President is to demand a joint parliamentary committee to investigate and summon all those involved. hand in this Kam bam sap.
From the bodies of these four persons, the members of the party recovered drugs, ganja, money and injection needles.
Now, we have moved on to ease in the sale.
There were five men who went to plunder this city.
A list of educational institutions operated by more than one investment group can also apply to become accredited university institutions.
Shillong, November 09: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today met with Dr. Joram Beda, Chairman of the Meghalaya Medical Service Recruitment Board (MMDRB). Please note that you do not have any questions about this application because you have not submitted your application.
On this occasion, supporters of the HSPDP came from all over the Khasi Hills to take part in the celebration of the party's golden jubilee.
Wankhar said that in talks with Kong Kurbah, only fish from Assam has been allowed to be imported as Meghalaya alone cannot meet the needs of the people.
Shillong, Iaiong 20: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya today announced that the full count of all the 60 Legislative Assembly Constituencies has been received. the number of voters and the turnout of voters in the MP elections to the Lok Sabha
In his speech, Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President, MSOA, thanked Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, President and Minister of Sports, for his initiative to help allocate the grant-in-aid to the MSOA. He said that all the State Sports Associations are eager to hold the State Championships to select the champions.
The union said that the road from Nongstoin – Sonapahar to Mawliehbah which is 2km long has been constructed under the PMGSY scheme at a cost of Rs 96.290 lakh for more than 10 years. .
Greatmercy had the opportunity to take part in the Loreal Hair Show at Hotel Blue Raddison Guwahati in 2019 and was one of the finalists of the Ms.Supermom
Under the Under Zikzak C&RD Block, three villages have been affected namely Chapahati-I, Chapahati-III and Kalaipara. B&RD Block, the only affected village.
Others were Lelaya Andrew Dkhar of Anti-Infiltration Department, Banroilang V Khongwir of 4MLP Battalion, Sohpian and Comingstar Sten of 4MLP Battalion, Sohpian.
Thus, society cannot be improved.
In a statement sent today, Bah Kharsati said that Bah Honsen is a riew rangbah and when he does anything he does it with love and without desire for glory.
The District and Session Judge, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday sentenced the two murderers to life imprisonment.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the owner of the house, Kong Ritngenlang Nongspung, said that she did not know about the incident because she was on her way to Shillong. and, behold, the house was destroyed;
For example, the question has arisen regarding the No-objection Certificate for the Nongrum Kur, who should issue the NOC from the Nongrum Kur, Hima Sohra or from the Nongrum Kur, Khyrim Hima? not to Minister in all the Hima.
During the meeting, u Bah Sanbor urged the Minister of State for Home Affairs to grant permission to the construction of roads in Shillong especially the problems. of the residents of Mawshabuit village because they entered and left the army camp.
A passerby identified as Lakhan Singh sustained minor injuries to his leg due to the snowflakes.
In his speech, the president of the KSU, Samla Lambokstarwell Martngar, said that this hero of the country is still inspiring the present generation to do many things in the society especially to those who are involved in the society. to destroy the whole nation.
The warehouse, exit areas for freight drivers, dining area with toilet facilities, entry and exit points for passenger and freight vehicles, the Electric Sub- station, Rummaging shed, pump house, sewage treatment plant and water storage plant.
Police have also charged Bernard N Marak under the Explosives Substances Act,
The Subject Expert Committee (SEC) of the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) has recommended to upgrade the recognition of drugs from 'emergency use' in essential purposes to the issuance of permission for their use. vaccines on July 19, 2022 for Adults if they can fulfill certain duties.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
The Secretary in charge of Pharmaceuticals spoke briefly about the hard work of the Government in working with the airports and ports to ensure the supply of supplies.
Thousands of Catholics today went to pray for the families of the deceased who are in various cemeteries around the country.
The Tharia Wah Festival was held at Wah Rew to remind the market of Ryngud Village Hima Sohra of agricultural products and sohpieng which is very popular to sell in Wah Rew because the Khar Bangladeshis used to come by boat to Bangladesh from Riwar Sohra and therefore this market place was known as “Hat Sohpieng”, said Bah Khongsya.
Regarding this, the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan today met with the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma at Raj Bhavan, Guwahati Assam.
On the other hand, the Governor invited the students to join this group to strengthen the state and the country as a whole.
According to the residents of the area, the blast occurred during the rainy season and the blast shocked the people around the house. They turned to see what had happened.
Similarly, the boundaries of the containment zones should be clearly marked.
Regarding these issues, the union has requested the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek to look into many of the shortcomings of the government especially in terms of lack of beds. She also urged especially the nurses and staff of this hospital to have love for those who are sick because through their love they can heal. and without that sight of those who came to sleep.
The dam was constructed at Wah Duit in Umsaw with the funding of the Land Conservation Department.
Answering questions, he said that they have spoken to the government and the answer they have received is that the government is now preparing to recognize the production of wine from soh.
Shillong, July 11: The Soil and Conservation Department, Shillong (T) Division of the State Government through the Upper Umsnait Watershed IWMP Project-II scheme has provided assistance to the people of Mawrynkneng area and surrounding villages with Ksing ngap.
The BSF troops also arrested the traders who were carrying food items to sell at the border markets in Ryngku, Nolikata and Dangar as smugglers.
Shillong, Iaiong 15: Speaking as an expert at the meeting of the Khasi Jaintia Welfare Association (KJWA) on the issue of Phrang Thoh, Rev. Dr.S.Hayong today said: Many of theses written by those who have received doctoral degrees in books remain only in universities.
Encouraging the newly joined youth, Samla Lambok set the example of the bravery of the hero of the country, Woh Kiang Nangbah and urged all the members of the Seng to follow the example and character of Woh Kiang Nangbah so that They shall have a strong fighting spirit in all circumstances.
Not only that, the District Council has already decided since October 2017 not to proceed. Why can't the District authorities of South West Khasi Hills District do anything about this?
According to a statement from the Director of School Education and Literacy, Swapinil Tember IAS, programs and sports are not allowed to be held due to the high temperature in these days. enough water in schools so that children, staff and others can drink the sun if they are thirsty.
Arju Dkhar, one of the office bearers of the MeECL Officers' Union, said that the discussion to recognize the contract workers as full time employees has been going on since 2018 and in the discussion it was written in the MeECL Officers' Union. Bah Dkhar said that there are more than 1700 contract employees of MeECL and this will also include the Home Guard. “If the government wants to do it, it will do it,” she said.
This requirement to disclose the names of publishers is an important issue in terms of spending money on electoral campaigns and the imposition of responsibility if news is not in accordance with the Model Code of Conduct. or forbidden activities.
Shillong, Lber 20: Police today recovered the body of Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) President Poipynhun Mawjaw from a place near Khliehriat. you head.
At this meeting, the teachers decided to go to the Secretariat but the Magistrates who were present at the meeting explained to the teachers that without permission they will not be allowed to march. public.
Therefore, this issue was raised today and the Cabinet approved the proposal to close down the MSHB and to pay the VRS to the 18 employees of the Board.
The driver of the vehicle, Satya, was also injured and was taken to Bethany Hospital Shillong by Ambulance
They look at our accomplishments and have new hopes about our future," he said.
M Momin (31 years), H/C I Rabha (51 years), H/C P Lyngdoh (43 years), WP/BNC 828 B Thiate (24 years), and WP/BNC 821 AD Sangma (23 years).
He said he urged the law enforcement agencies to take strong action.
Throughout the month, there were many games and information competitions on the theme of how to fight against corruption.
Also present on the occasion were Bah MS Nongbri, Agent of Nongbri, Nongkulang, Bah Maitar Nongtnger, Rangbah Shnong of Nongjri, Bah Dliwell Basan, Bah JJ Hashah, Rangbah Shnong Nonghyllam. , Bah Deben, former Rangbah Shnong of Nonghyllam, Bah Sidingtar Hasshah, Bah Hemia Hashah, Rangbah Shnong of Poidbli, Bah Waiding Marak, Rangbah Shnong of Nongumbar, Kong Pelsy Snaitang, Bah C Nongbri, Rangbah Shnong of Nongkulang, Bah Evendro Nongbri. Hundreds of people from the area of ​​South West Khasi Hills District have gathered to witness the opening ceremony of the Kur Dorbar Hall by the Syiem of South West Khasi Hills District. Province.
According to a letter sent by the Secretary to the Director Institutional Finance of the Government of Meghalaya to direct the release of T.104 crore in accordance with the rules laid down by the SSA. He said that there are 5814 SAA teachers in Lower Primary Schools with a salary of T.19044/- each and for Upper Primary Schools there are 6727 teachers with a salary of T.19044/- each. it is T.2493/- per person.
However, although there is this order as shown in the letter to the Waheh Shnongs No.EJHD/GEN/PWD (Road)43/2013-15/130 that drivers and owners of vehicles have to follow or obey, There is also a mismanagement of many of those who carry more than 9 tons of goods.
Shillong, Lber 01: The KHNAM Tynring Unit has been confirmed as a full unit of the party on 28/02/1
There is an incident where two foreigners were killed, about which we members of the party don't have any information.
Police have recovered a soap box containing 11.43 grams of heroin, two mobile phones and a Scooty (ML05-L-7620).
Conrad said that while his father is alive he will be the happiest person. On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya congratulated everyone and wished the President good luck in leading the country. India.
Shillong, Nailar 15: Speaking at the 75th Independence Day celebrations at the Polo Ground, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today expressed his gratitude to the Central Government for giving The Minister said that the peace talks in the state are peaceful and he is pleased to announce that an agreement has been reached between the HNLC and the HNLC. They have made peace with the HNLC without any restrictions.
Those who have heard and listened to the words know very well that the Jaintia language is not included in this new state anthem but only the Khasi, Garo and English languages.
At this meeting, the Government spoke on the decision of the Legislative Assembly in November 2018 to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Constitution of India. central government.
The ban will apply to liquor shops, retail shops, bars, or even to deliver to households. of East Khasi Hills District.
At this meeting, the Central Body MLFOA has taken these decisions to work with the KHADC committee and to urge them to take action to amend the Forest Act and Land Act which have been covered up and the people of the thousand do not understand anymore. years (since the Forest Conservation Act 1980 until 2019) because until today we are living in illegal logging and forestry. As it is now, hundreds of thousands of trees have to be cut down illegally just to build houses in every village, Raid or Hima.
According to the company manager, Bamaniya said that Chauhan was abducted by unidentified persons who broke into the workplace in search of diesel fuel. their car ran out of oil.
He urged the Sordars and Samla to set a goal to learn about the ways to maintain cleanliness in the villages, to talk in the villages how to be welcoming to tourists and They should ensure that there are no tragic incidents to defame the village so that they can carry the good news when they return to their villages.
The total number of returnees so far is
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Heavy rainfall has caused flooding in the Umngot River which separates Jaintia Hills and East Khasi Hills District.
The 21 km PWD road from Nongstoin, Umthli Dorangre was built from 1964-65 during the Assam government and the 16 km road from Nongstoin Wahlyngdoh to Maweit was built in 1982-83.
It is here that it can affect the reputation of the MBOSE in front of India as a whole.
To prevent the use of two voter forms, the Election Commission of India will link EPIC and Aadhaar to bring transparency in entering only one name in the voter list.
Earlier, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that today's meeting is only a way to discuss how to help the two states reach an understanding.
Regarding the Kurs, the EC today decided to issue an Executive Order on the amendment of the First Amendment Bill, She wrote to the Rangbah Kur but did not explain the role of the Rangbah Kur.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that according to the rules, no one can register for this scheme throughout the year. the central government.
One of the suspects has fled to Bihar, said Bah Vivek Syiem.
“The KSU has demanded that the Government should investigate, remove and repatriate all the foreign authorities who entered the country before 1971, but not to give them shelter.
: Police of the Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) of East Khasi Hills District have arrested a 10-year-old child for selling drugs in Lower Jail Road, Shillong. On Saturday, they went to the scene and took the child away at about 3:30 pm.
On the part of the government, it is also working to fight against the challenges ahead for the country.
In a letter to the Chief Minister, ASWA has demanded that the government should make Ranikor a Civil Sub Division and set up a police station in the Maheskhola area. border markets with Bangladesh.
Many of the speakers strongly condemned these incidents which have affected women in the field of women's rights. Theilin Phanbuh Chairperson of the Women, Commission, Carmo Norata, Bah Erwin Sutnga, Bah Thomas Passah, and many other parents who took part in the speeches and one voice was that they condemned this incident. .
Shillong, Nailar 04: The residents of Mawiong village near Tynring on Saturday night arrested seven road robbers after receiving a tip from two robbers.
The President of the KSU, Samla Lambokstarwell, said that the Infiltration Gate at Byrnihat is only a shynrong, because those who are in some places at night, they put their lights, they don't ask for documents. There are 10 people, the party does not blame those who are in that place but they blame the government.
According to the inspection, the Seng has found that the Assam Government has already allocated the land for the Puhshilum Corporation for the immediate construction of the Police Outpost.
The smuggling of coins on the footpath has surprised the passengers as there is no one to blame the owner of the Magic Cook for crossing the footpath.
The State Government through the Forest Department has recently announced the Agro Forest Tree, through which the Government has allowed the farmers of the State to plant trees and market them. in accordance with the provisions of the Forest Act.
Shillong, Lber 26: Speaking to reporters after the filing of nomination papers for the UDP candidate, Robert June Kharjahrin, the President of the Hynniewtrep People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) led by Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit and Dr Donkupar Roy was not present.
Shillong, Nailur 03: Three employees of the Finance Department at the Main Secretariat have tested positive for COVID-1
Swami Divyaswarupananda Maharaj, Center-In-Charge gave the keynote address.
Four persons inside the vehicle were identified as Amit Mog, Rajesh Kumar, Babu Mog and Sanjit Debarma, all from Tripura.
For Railways, three major economic railway corridor programs will be implemented which are corridors for electricity, minerals and dewbilat; port connecting corridors; and high-traffic corridors.
Shillong, Nailur 20: Police have seized 15 bikes and a Scotty from Nongsohma and Nongkrem villages in Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
Illegal immigrants should be arrested under the Foreigners Act,
Shillong, Naitung 30: The body of Dr Donkupar Roy was taken to Sohra today for laying at his residence tonight. The State Funeral will be held tomorrow at Sohra.
On the request of the Prime Minister, more than 10 crore households have received LPG subsidy so that the gas cylinder can reach the kitchens of the poor households of the country.
The Official Resolution of the KHADC on 28 October 2018 submitted by Late HS Shylla, CEM which received the approval of 30 MDCs of the KHADC to enact the rules of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873.
The Protem Chairman announced that today at 5 pm the office has received a letter from Bah Morningstar Mawsor resigning from the Deputy Chairman election. His resignation declared that Mr. Equator had won without any opposition.
Daphika Paquintein.
That development is more related to the ability to stand on their own feet where the people of villages and rural towns can earn a decent income.
The BSF said that the drugs were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh through the border area in West Jaintia Hills District.
Bah Kharpran said that they have to obey the authorities of the government as well as the authorities of the district, regarding the order of KHADC not to hold elections to elect the chief executive officers. and as a village we have to obey the authorities of the District Council.
Many of the farmers on the border with Bangladesh who have rice fields have expressed their sorrow because it is a great loss in which their rice fields have been flooded especially at this time when it is time for them to plant rice fields. ot noh you father.
According to reports, no serious injuries were reported and no tragic incident occurred. People walking and standing in the area helped to rescue those inside the house. by Bus.
"Titan also produces conventional glass, plastic, polycarbonate and Trivex.
Shillong, Lber 19: A four-member delegation led by Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, today met with Shri Rahul Gandhi, MP, Vice President, AICC. , on 19th March 2014, at 11.15 am, at Hotel Pinewood, Shillong, in the presence of Shri. , and other officials where appointed to provide a copy and written statement of the White Paper on Indian States-1950, which was brought before Parliament in 1949 and and the treaties and promises of the twenty Khasi States.
He said that the price of synsar has dropped sharply and also kwai, tympew and other agricultural products in War Jaintia 80 out of 100 people live by working hard by cultivating synsar in War Jaintia. forests as well as kwai, tympew and other agricultural products which benefit the farmers in the area.
On the other hand, the HFU urges the government to allocate more funds to government departments related to farmers such as Irrigation, Water Resources, Agriculture. animals because these are with the farmers.
During the investigation, police learned that the kidnapper was a drug dealer. The kidnapper came to bring a box of soap containing drugs to give to one of the kidnappers. They brought him back to the place where he was cut off.
Shillong, November 23: The Khasi Disabilities Association (KHA) on Tuesday held its Central Executive Committee (CEC) meeting on 23rd November, The protest was held from 10 am to 04 pm at the parking lot near the Addl.Secretariat opposite the BSNL Shillong office.
At this meeting to commemorate the greatest Khla-wait of Jaintia Hills, Bah Justine Dkhar in his speech, said that we as Jaintia people are very proud to have him. as this great hero of ours who was willing to give his life in the struggle for the liberation of our country from the tyranny of the British Government in the years 1835 onwards.
On the part of the MDCs who participated in the discussion, Pyndiaid Sing Syiem of the HSPDP, Adelbert Nongrum of KHNAM, LG Nongsiej, Morning Mawsor, T Dkhar of the UDP and kong Rona Little.
As a party we have been walking for 46 years and these incidents are no longer new and it doesn't mean when we talk about various issues that affect the country and the nation and especially those that affect the youth in the country. “Education doesn't mean that you should assume that we are the source of blame for what happened,” he said.
He said that if the minister cannot do anything within this time, the union will go to the people to ask for their opinion and how to do this.
They were handed over to the Umsning Police Outpost for further investigation and returned to their place of origin.
Shillong, July 26: Four youths aged between 12 and 26 years old from Umsaitsning Pyllun Village, Ri-Bhoi District, have been selected to represent the state in a sport known as as the UMAI National Muaythai Champion, 2022, and three of them, have brought glory to their families, communities and the state as a whole.
He said that “this celebration of the Shad Nongkrem of the Hima Khyrim is to preserve and introduce the people to the customs and traditions that we have”.
The President of the Indian National Congress (INC) Mallikarjun Kharge in the presence of AICC leaders has launched the Manifesto containing 10 points of action for the people of the country. in India if the Congress wins power after the Lok Sabha elections to be held on 19th June,
Sherwood School, Tura went to Samridhya Das with 572 marks.
As the state has lost Block-I and Block-II, it is not only these areas. There they will see where the Khasi live and then they will see.
It is learned that at this meeting of the Executive Committee they have discussed the issue and after a thorough discussion they have decided that the government cannot do anything and the party will do whatever it can. need.
There are 34 recoveries from West Garo Hills, 10 from West Garo Hills, 8 from East Khasi Hills, 3 from West Jaintia Hills and 3 from South West Khasi Hills. District.
The recruitment was in response to the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports' efforts to provide greater support to the athletes as they prepare for major competitions in the country and abroad, including the 2024 and 2028 Olympics.
Shillong, Iaiong 16: There are four new cases of COVID-19 in the state, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today. Ri Bhoi 1, West Jaintia Hills 1, West Khasi Hills
He is about four and a half feet tall, with a white skin and a mark on the right side of his face.
He congratulated all the candidates, from former MLA Fuller Lyngdoh, Kitdor Syiem MLA, Rasor Rani, Boldness L Nongum and others who fought for the election. The glory of this District goes to all.
Kenny has been involved in the production of Gangs of North East (2017) and AHOR (2022).
In a meeting with reporters, Bah PN Syiem said, “This action of the side at this time is that it has acted by force without listening to the statement of the opposition or without giving the opportunity to talk but “The EC has accused the EC of appointing the Acting Syiem of Bhowal Hima who is only 20 years and 9 months old. Because according to the rules it is 25 years, but it is clear that the EC has acted forcefully and this is illegal.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the Syiem should be burnt to perform the ritual of death. If the Syiem Rangbah can be burnt, the Syiemsad should be burnt. burned according to religion.
The UHM said that according to the information received from the UHM, if the lyer bih passes within a radius of about 200 km, it will jam or kotbor. One, the State Government, the Central Government and UCIL together with the District Council will have to take a huge responsibility.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Jacob Shylla. All the messages of condolence sent from all over the Khasi Hills have reached more than 40 messages.
At the same time, he called upon the residents to take care of this house as their own.
The meeting will begin at 11 am.
Shillong, Nailur 15: A total of 172 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 74 in East Jaintia Hills and 61 in North Garo Hills today. 1, South West Garo Hills 2, South garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills 9, Ri Bhoi 23, West Jaintia Hills
Shillong, Iaiong 10: The Hill Farmer Union (HFU) has urged the government to expedite the sending of relief goods to those farmers who have been affected by the natural disasters across the country. in Khasi.
Shillong, March 05: Police of Ri Bhoi District on receiving a tip have launched a 24-day search and rescue operation on 4/10/2022 to ensure that they should arrest the traffickers. drugs to pass through the District.
Shillong, Lber 08: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, in reply to a question by George B Lyngdoh MLA regarding the death of pigs, said: replied that the total number of dead pigs was 540 in the state.
Shillong, November 22: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP) under the leadership of Bah Johnyfast Lakhiat together with other members visited the Rnga hiding place at 13 Mer. factory that collected the ore.
The three persons arrested by the police are Jaynie Ningring N. Sangma (37), Babiana M. Sangma (42), Merryln. D.Shira (52), Konica S.Sangma (37), and Lonavi R.Sangma (34).
The time has come to respect teachers and if you want to get a good education, you have to pay a good salary. China, Bhutan and European countries put teachers first. than government employees, but in Meghalaya there are more peons than teachers.
Regarding the desire of the youth to study doctorate without receiving any funds from the state government, Dr Mukul directed the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to find ways and means how to There is no assistance to these students.
“In the last two elections, we have seen that it has not worked but this time, we are going in such a way that we will explain to the people,” he added.
This program will have a significant impact on the society and is a symbol of the Government's commitment to build a cleaner and healthier India.
It is learned that those rooms where those who test positive are staying have been closed.
According to the government's plan to turn parts of West Khasi Hill into elephant villages, it will be from the border with South Garo Hills and East Garo Hills. Just Mawiet.
The meeting also decided to hold a special prayer tomorrow at the SOSO Tham Auditorium organized by the SNSBH including all the Dorbar Shnongs in Sor and Khap Sor together with the Religious Leaders at 6 pm. .
Shillong, Nailar 05: Sohra Police on Tuesday night arrested the son of Pobitro Das, one of the coal smugglers to Bangladesh, for allegedly beating them. prayer leader.
She also runs a customer service point in her block and helps people to get government schemes.
These processing units require sohtrun weighing more than 10 kilos and do not accept small sohtrun.
However, Shadap had many chances, but in the end Parlad won by scoring many points.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills said that the Director of NIOS has fixed the date for the examination on the 17th of this month. teachers who must take this examination.
Also present at the meeting were Ma H Lamin, MDC, JHADC, Ma L Shylla, MDC, Secretary, Seng Lai Kpoh (Bareh, Paksang, Kassar), President, Seng Passah, and other Rangbah Kur and other Seng Kur.
However, the name of their village is still unknown.
Meanwhile, many of the contractors in the state have not been able to get jobs and also the contractors have not been able to work from one contractor to another.
The four organizations also extend their special thanks to the government employees who have joined hands with the organization during these hours of curfew.
Speeches were delivered by Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang, MDC Teiborlang Pathaw, President Mawlai Town Durbar and others.
"Modi said the G-20 aims to bring the world together in peace by respecting differences.
The Government is closely monitoring all those under home quarantine.
India has coastal areas and rivers and therefore an abundance of fish-related species, and thus ancient fishermen have a special place in the country's culture.
This shows that it is the law enforcement agencies who encourage the illegal entry of foreigners and mynder into Bri Hynniewtrep.
There is a place where only the wines produced from Meghalaya are displayed and there is also a sign Khasi Wine. lam from all over.
On receiving the information, the Ri Bhoi District Police rushed to the scene to take necessary action.
It was agreed that the Urban Affairs Department will take over the land (which is not the present Shillong District Jail) and exchange it for the New Shillong Township.
The Cabinet has approved the proposal and will assist the youth in employment.
Samla Wallam Nongsiej VP KSU Delhi Unit together with members of KSU offices in Shillong.
The government will not forgive anyone who violates the law.
On the other hand, the BDO Mylliem, Bah PT Passah, in his speech, congratulated the Mawlai Cleaner Association for organizing such programmes. He said that the government encourages the residents to understand the environment which benefits us human beings.
“Our government is not a Mai-BaapSarkar, but a government that provides services for parents,” he said.
The tall statue will be accompanied by large statues of the famous heroes along with a shynna rynsan for the purpose of honoring with syrwiang syntiew on the anniversaries of each of the heroes. .
The government has also set up another helpline number 1070 and if the public can call 108 they can call
The CEC has fully authorized the Education Cell of the Seng to take care of many of the issues of the students and also to monitor the delay of the State Government in implementing the Education Policy.
She feels another achievement is the empowerment of women.
The New Shillong Knowledge City will be exclusively for sports, IT, tourism and agro-logistics.
The most challenging thing when diagnosed is when it comes to breaking the news and telling them about what’s to come.
After the appointment of Bah Vincent H Pala as President of the MPCC, he went to meet with the party and said that there is a need for cooperation so that the party can win in 2023 but there was no such discussion with the MPCC. I don't know if you're wrong.
At the same time, the government urges all the people to be vigilant to prevent the spread of this disease.
As the Constitution of the country should clearly state all aspects of the functioning of the Government and the Constitution of the country according to its purpose should be held in the exercise of the powers of the Government. they.
The KSU has asked MePDCL to gather the Village Leaders at three places, Mawkyrwat, Ranikor and Mawsynram so that the people and the Village Leaders can understand whether to accept or reject this.
Other speakers on the occasion were the EM in charge of Elaka Affairs of KHADC, Bah Jambor War, Syem of Mylliem Hima, Pa.
Twenty-eight people including women and children were injured in this brutal act by the Assam police.
The opening ceremony of the Parish of Christ the King, Madanryting will begin with a Holy Mass at 10.00 pm.
Anyone found violating these rules will be punished according to the law and if there is any complaint regarding the irregularity in the distribution of ration, the beneficiaries can send a letter to the District Grievance Redressal. They can lodge their complaints at the Complaint Box set up by the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply). Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
“Last year, 8.50 crore people visited Kashi, more than 5 crore visited Mahakal Lok in Ujjain, and more than 19 lakh devotees visited Kedardham,” he said.
So far, 595 cases have been reported in the state, 487 cases in East Khasi Hills, 188 cases in BSF, 241 cases in civilians and 58 cases in Army.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has reported 21 deaths today from East Khasi Hills, 12 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from South Garo Hills, 1 from West Garo Hills and 2 from West Garo Hills. The death toll has risen to 1009 so far.
There are 28 recoveries today, mostly from East Khasi Hills 18 cases, West Garo Hills 3 cases, bringing the total number of recoveries to 82463 so far. day.
He said the Executive Committee is still monitoring this and has issued a reminder in the past few months.
Officials of the Government of India gave a detailed explanation of the steps taken to address the existing challenges, including the status of distribution of benefits under the PM Garib Kalyan Yojana.
The KSU also urges the authorities in charge of Mawlai Police Station to take action to improve the traffic especially in the morning so that the children will not face any problems through traffic jam and will be able to get back. I'm going to take exams.
Conrad said the state government has identified about 6500 volunteers in each village who will have contact with the government through the Central Database and through this the government will get information on what is happening. These volunteers from the villages can inform the government in times of emergency such as floods, landslides, electricity and water outages if there is a breakdown in the transformer or pipes. He said that the presence of volunteers will also enable them to become the best messenger to the banks so that the government schemes can reach the people until the closure of their homes. Pensioners, those with disabilities and others will no longer have to go to block offices or banks.
He expressed his concern over the slow growth of GSDP in the state.
This morning at 9:00 pm, the Dorbar Shnong Muktapur and the BSF have inspected the unloading and unloading site of the biri smuggled to Bangladesh by the smugglers from Jarain village.
After investigation, he was handed over to the police.
However, this will not be the case in view of the urgent needs of these CCMCs, so we REQUEST those of you who still have the opportunity to contribute as much as you can to this Fund by depositing or Transferring your donation through This is the CCMC WhatsApp Group for those who need urgent assistance by sending your donations to this Account No.30035699049 IFC Code : SBIN0006729 Phone No.9 of the Group.
He said that the statement of the Prime Minister that the RTI reply may be wrong but the RTI they received is not from the SMB. They also said that it is unfortunate that the RTI received from the Executive Office of the SMB will be sent by the Government to the same department for further investigation.
The teachers should not be blamed for this incident but due to the weather conditions this year, they have suggested to the government to allow them to do so. Their examination without writing the selection test.
Regarding the lack of network in the area, the union has given one day to Acel, Reliance and Cellone to provide the network, otherwise the union together with the people have decided to cut off the tower by gas welding. .
He believes that in this municipal election, the people will vote for the Congress.
At the same time, he congratulated Irene Dkhar to continue to fight against the goal in front of her in order to win more such a name and honor in the future. both within India and outside India.
Shillong, March 19: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today met with the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Bah Metbah Lyngdoh to discuss the implementation of the Inner Line Permit. (ILP) in the state and to include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The Ayushman Card has now become a symbol of order, participation and empowerment.
Shillong, June 11: The Special Judge POCSO, East Jaintia Hills District has sentenced Emlang Dkhar to six years imprisonment for allegedly raping a girl under 18 years of age. age.
Shillong, November 19: U Bah Sanbor Shullai has donated to 36 groups to celebrate Christmas in 19-Shillong South Constituency. group work together.
Leaders present on the occasion were CEC Member KSU, President Forwardman Nongrem, KSU and FKJGP Sawsymper Circle, Rangbah Shnong, Longkmie. parents, young children and others.
It is incomprehensible that the central government has said that it will consider the demand for ILP during the meeting between the state government and Union Minister Amit Shah under the leadership of Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma. K Sangma to the MDA. It is surprising how the government has implemented the ILP in Manipur without proper consideration while in Meghalaya they say it has to be properly considered. The President of the KSU has reminded the Central Government that the Legislative Assembly has decided to implement the ILP in Meghalaya. The people of Meghalaya.
Regarding the sale of liquor in shops, the Cabinet has decided to increase the profit margin of liquor shops from 10% to 20%.
He expressed his gratitude to the Governor for arranging today to elect a new Chairman, unlike the state government which had planned to bring in a person from outside the House.
In this regard a Record of Rights will be maintained in the office of the Syiem.
Shillong, Nailur 30: Police of East Jaintia Hills District today arrested a drug dealer after a long search for him.
On the other hand, HH Mohrmen, Leader of SURE, said that the organization will assist those who wish to start their own business by introducing them to banks and also by providing documents. pages are needed.
Health and income go hand in hand and are especially closely related to smoking.
Tura, Naiutng 22: About 150 households in Rojeng Block from 19 villages have received three tins of sop each from the Catholic Church in the area.
They have tried all the means but they have failed in their efforts because they have been defeated by the PDF,” he said.
A total of 370 participants from five states in the North East have attended the competition.
“In the past, we used to select a joint candidate between the UDP and the NPP but the result was the same.
The study will also include the Pump Storage Hydro Power Project for large and small hydropower plants and to generate electricity from the sun. and this is the need for ways and means to meet the demand for electricity in the state.
In this regard, it was learned that CrPC 144 has been enforced and heavy vehicles especially trucks will not be allowed to carry more than 9 tonnes through the Rimanar Bridge according to the law.
A responsible young man, a strong young man and a young man who shares the burden, the life and death of the Jaidbynriew, the community and the society.
Interestingly, Bah Bakmenlang Nongrum, the 16th son of Silbon, has agreed to teach them how to use the land for farming despite the severe water shortage. .
Explaining about the arrival of the people of the state, Prestone said that the first train to carry the people of the state will be from China and there are 1000 passengers. in Guwahati on the 15th of this month.
The tree planting started from the parking lot built by NEPA on Umsaw Road and continued to Umroi Road to the airport.
Shillong, November 07: The Secretary in charge of Finance, Sanjay Goyal, on Tuesday said that the people should not worry as the availability of small notes in the state is now sufficient.
The relatives of Wanboklang have lodged a complaint with the Mawngap Out Post Police Station and requested anyone who has seen Wanboklang to telephone
You don't have to mark the kilometer.
Answering questions, the Prime Minister's Secretary said that two months ago the rules were issued and during this time the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government has issued new rules regarding places of worship.
In the second phase of the MeriMaatiMeraDesh, the AmritKalashYatra was organized to reach every household in the country.
Shillong, Naitung 01: A mother from Umden Nongtluh village, Ri Bhoi District has given birth to her child in a 108 car at the ground floor of NEIGRIHMS Hospital on 30/6 /2020 and is currently in the hospital.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Governor, Genuica Mawjaw, President of NEHUSU, said that the Governor of Meghalaya has promised to take over the This is the task of talking to the state government after the elections.
We have to improve in many areas.
"Prime Minister Duh said that the youth of today are building the future of the country.
Shillong, July 14: The employees of Mawmluh Cement Employees Union (MCCEU) today marched from Sohra to Shillong to hold a protest to demand the government. I will not give you a monthly salary.
Shillong, March 13: Former United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) leader Daniel Kharshandi and Education Secretary Vicky Mawrie today joined the TMC party. Charles Pyngrope in the presence of Vice President James Lyngdoh.
Because the social agreement was signed in 2009 only for the benefit of the companies.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Vice President of the Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) who is also an MLA has asked the Meghalaya government why it is silent on the dissolution of the Assam government. I went to school in Sabuda.
The President said the Central Government is giving special attention to road and rail roads throughout the North East including Assam.
KSUPB7T leaders were led by Secretary Egenstar Kurkalang, Members Bah Ksan Kharumnuid, Alex Nongbet, Maya Niangti and others.
“I have spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam and they will continue to talk to other Chief Ministers of the states on this issue and regarding Aadhaar as it affects the illegal entry of people. it should not be corrected properly because it is too slow.
This is according to a statement sent by Pynkmenlang Sanmiet, Education Secretary, KSU Seng Kmie.
Police have searched the area after receiving a tip that the suspects were in the area.
He said that the jaidbynriew has been shattered twice, the first is when the British did not hold the agreement between David Scott and Syiem Nongkhlaw Tirot Singh regarding the road works and the second is when the British did not hold on to the agreement. The present situation is that the Government of India has not incorporated and expressed the provisions of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement into the Constitution of India.
On this occasion, these two families expressed their gratitude to the KSU Mawlai Circle for remembering them when they encountered such unexpected incidents and at the same time they wished them well. KSU Mawlai Publicity Secretary MacDonald Jitem said that the KSU Mawlai has been working hard to improve its services to the residents of Mawlai and especially to the people of Hynniewtrep. Circle.
The Government of India has clarified that according to scientific knowledge there is no evidence that the COVID-19 vaccine can affect infertility in men and women.
The Rangbah Shnong of Umsur, Bah Nasar Marwei, together with other villages in the Nongjri area, said that they have requested the authorities to release Dajied from Umthied village in West Khasi Hills. On the other hand, the residents request the kidnappers to release Dajied immediately without any conditions and without injuring him.
The NPP Government, both in KHADC and in the State, has caused the people of Sohra to suffer from poverty and changed their lives completely.
There will also be a screening of the South Korean film “Confidential Assignment” at the State Central Library at 6:30 pm.
However, to achieve that goal, talented badminton players need to receive proper training from an early age.
On the other hand, Ms Milis Dkhar expressed her gratitude to the KSU for providing such assistance to the orphanage.
Shillong, July 15: Following the four-day road blockade in Mawtap-Pyllun village, the office of the Executive Engineer PWD (Road) National Highway Division today sent an overseer to meet with the road blockade. The residents of Mawtap Pyllun Village regarding the road blockade.
CROWN 3.
However, they don't understand this insult and humiliation.
The tournament was organized by the District Sports Officer, West Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the Forum for Change and Upliftment (FOCUS) at Madan Dommawlum, Pyndengumiong, Mairang.
The grant was released on the recommendations of the Fifteenth Finance Commission.
“When someone is injured, the neighbors have to help but to accuse the perpetrators is wrong,” said Bah Mawlong. Police.
Regarding the tragic incident which occurred on 31st June 2018 at Mawlong Market, Shillong in the Hima Mylliem, the main reason is the lack of a clear Land Policy in the Hima Mylliem.
It led to an exchange of views on the challenges and opportunities ahead of the production facilities whereby opportunities for cooperation and contribution to economic development were opened.
It took a long time for Lajong to score the second goal, but it wasn't until the 85th minute that the team took the lead through Thomas Singh's own goal. Lajong to win the game with 3 points.
