The leaders of Mawlai also expressed their gratitude to the government and also to the civil society organizations for coming forward to provide assistance in the treatment of these children who have become addicted to drugs. He said that the Mawlai Town Dorbar has decided to open a counseling center so that they can provide counseling to these youths who have become addicted to drugs. to lose their families as well as the country and the nation.
He said that the confidence seen in every face is what precedes the bright future of Indian sports.
The meeting was chaired by the Chief Minister and was attended by all the Chief Police Officers of Garo Hills.
Speaking at Shillong Press Club, Marsilin Marwein, together with the group, said that their protest is to demand from the government to increase the salary of T .5000/- per month.
Our freedom struggle saw the active participation of young and old, but their strength was in the youth.
It is on this basis that the BJP will write to the Central Government to take action against this issue because when the leaders are accused of involvement it is difficult to get an investigation. clean.
The BSF is now conducting an investigation to track down those people who used to support them.
Shillong, July 09: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawprem Circle has expressed its dissatisfaction with the arrest of Aristone Thabah, Vice President of the KSU Mawprem Circle on
The 12 persons have been charged under various sections of the Act and a petition has been registered at Madanryting Police Station under Sections 120(B)/302/353 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). /324/325/145/14/.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 26: India is the largest democratic country and this is not only because of the size of the country but also because of the two levels of government and beliefs in governance. public that has lasted for decades now.
Therefore, it is not appropriate to compare the Sixth Schedule with Article 371 A or 371 G, that is, the Sixth Schedule is better and more beneficial than Article 371 (A & G) especially for the Hynniewtrep people. We who have cherished our uniqueness as a Tip Kur Tip Kha Jaidbynriew which has distinguished us from all other nations on earth.
MDCs Donkupar Sumer, Victor Rani and Hadrian Lyngdoh, Legislative Secretary A Shangpliang, Joint Secretary M Kharkrang and U.S. Secretary M Kharkrang were also present at the launch. Deputy Secretary to Bah B Sohtun.
He said that the union has found that 15 foreign workers have only Labor License from KHADC which has expired since October 2013 without being renewed. You must apply for a Work Permit from the Labor Department.
He said that the youth have an important role to play in the fight against climate change in their villages.
He said that as of now in the Lunar River there is no more creature and this has also affected the Lukha River where the death of fish is happening from time to time. these rivers are a threat to human life.
Shillong, November 17: Three issues raised by the JSU Kmie have been discussed before the government resolves the border issue between Meghalaya-Assam, which was called by the state government yesterday. To include the Village Authorities, Elaka, Hima, Raij and Syiems and District Councils in the Regional Committee of the Government.
The college now runs a college for Ayurveda and a college for Homeopathy along with affiliated hospitals.
The Grand Finale of the DBMNTV Song Contest “Sur Kynud Niam, Season -2” was held on the evening of 3rd November at Don Bosco Youth Center Laitumkhrah with the participation of 10 participants. The 47 finalists who were selected in the Blind Audition and who came to compete in this competition Sur Kynud Niam, Season-2, Rynsan iakop Religious Song in Khasi.
Shillong, July 04: U Bah Phrang Roy, one of the leaders of the Khasi people who has participated in various commissions of the United Nations, especially in the field of environmental protection. , he said that the cultivation of synsar brings quick income to the people, but it also destroys the soil.
Shillong, July 29: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 378 people have tested positive for COVID-19 and 4263 people are still in critical condition.
This is a statement sent by Samla Forwardman Nongrem President KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Nailur 24: On the project related to the protection of drinking water supply to Shillong from Mawphlang area, Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Govt. , Chairman, Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, and Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States,  and Mr Mark Poffenberger, Ph.
Other political party leaders who have joined the AITC are Witjeng N Sangma, Panseng R Marak both from RPI from Dalu, Indrash M Marak from RPI from Rangsakona and Jhim Carter M Join the RPI of Responsibility.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that another person from Resubelpara of North Garo Hills has tested positive for COVID-1
At the same time, the Chief Minister has made it clear to the COMSO leaders that if the ILP comes into force in Meghalaya, the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019 will not come into force in Meghalaya. There is no provision in the CAA,
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, took part in a yoga session with thousands of people at Mysore Palace, Mysuru, Karnataka.
The injured were rushed to the Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment, but Satyam Prasad died at the Shillong Civil Hospital.
The scheme is under the supervision of the Chief Minister through the IBDLP. The scheme is to train women how to earn their income through this assistance.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister requested all the Members of the House to support this resolution to demand that the Central Government should immediately withdraw the announcement of the Central Government to avoid any harm. Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said:
The HYC and CoMSO will announce an indefinite protest program in the coming days to force the Government to introduce the Amendment and also to incorporate the provisions of the ILP into the MRSS. Act.
This is against the decision of the Cabinet.
It is very important to know the presence of this disease so that it can be treated in a timely manner.
The Chief Minister said that the assistance will be received by East Garo Hills 6315, East Khasi Hills 94177 and West Jaintia Hills. 25547 cases, Ri Bhoi 10489 cases.
These companies have been trading for a long time now and we are surprised how they get to trade without a trading license from the KHADC. do not allow trading without a trading licence.
To remind that the products brought by the farmers for sale at Iewduh or any other market under the Hima Mylliem, the buyers should return the Khoh ki byrni and Kriah that have been released after the release. Theh u marrep to know how much the khoh, the byrni, the khriah, the khia and then count.
Answering questions, he said that the reason for the appointment of Bah Moonlight Parait as Chairman of the Planning Board in the current EC may be one of the reasons, but to dissolve the EC. He was invited by nine Congress MDCs in November last year.
Regarding the cleansing of the bodies of the deceased, the government urges all religions not to have any hesitation to perform the rituals to cleanse the bodies of the deceased. the body is sprayed according to the rules.
Unidentified persons also set fire to a truck number AS-01CC-2959 at Laitkor.
Shillong, Nailar 06: The last census of the number of wild boars in Meghalaya was in 2003 and since then there has been no census.
On the other hand, the cold weather has also hit other parts of the district, such as Umden Nongtluh, but no news has been received on the extent of the damage. The rain and snow, as well as the power outage, have affected the residents to use lights this night.
Announcing that the portal will bring about a major change in the history of the country, Apurva Chandra, Secretary, Ministry of Labour, Union Government said that more than 38 crore workers in the country will be registered under one portal. and the registration under the e-SHRAM portal is free and employees do not have to pay for registration at the Common Service Centers (CSCs) or anywhere else.
Police said the mother was brought to MIMHANS Hospital, Shillong in 2011 and was treated at the hospital from that year until her death.
Referring to the shortage of funds, Bah Paul said, “This is due to the announcement of the Lok Sabha elections and the absence of a full Government in Delhi.
Shillong, Lber 05: The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has strongly condemned the incident ha Ichamati on Thursday morning. Many youths, leaders and members of the Khasi Student Union (KSU) were injured.
Slogans and speech competitions were also held on this topic.
The court has authorized the police to set aside nine days for investigation. Police have alleged that he has 10 other drug cases against him and his arrest is for investigation and other crimes against him. he.
At present, the use of old notes will last until the 31st of this month and people can use these modern technologies without any expense. meeting is that if it does not have any understanding it can be asked face to face from the employees of the banks.
“Regarding the distribution of electricity in the state, Mondal said, the state is no longer short of electricity although in fact the country as a whole is facing a shortage of electricity and even the neighboring states are facing a shortage of electricity. I have the same problem.
Meanwhile, the Chief of BSF in charge of the state said that the area is a place where the GNLA and ANVC(B) are working well. to demand money from the public.
“Therefore, we urge Prof. PS Shukla to punish the perpetrator.
This benefit is only available once per visitor.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The incidents that have happened in our country which have been shown and signed through the deterioration of various buildings around Meghalaya have shown that this government is not There is no peace in Meghalaya under the leadership of the MDA government led by the NPP party. Thanksgiving and cleansing of the people of all truth will be revealed to the world by miracles.
This was announced by the State Election Committee of the HSPDP today.
The KSU said that about 70% of the colleges in the North East of the state, in the Bri U Hynniewtrep, should not be affiliated with a university located in another area far from the state. “The city and the government will have to explain to the public when taking such decisions to exclude MBOSE 2.0,” said a statement sent by the General Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Donald V. Thabah.
The KSU War Jaintia leader said that at this time, private vehicles are not able to transport the sick because of the COVID-19 pandemic. There is a PHC near Jarian PHC so the union cannot go to the PHC to use it.
The Seng should also urge all hospitals to increase the price of mur when they come for treatment because they have to think about those who have not received a license.
Because the authorities have been willing to attack and watch the group of civil society groups after the opening of the public meeting until they have been willing to forcibly kill people and bomb and tied with weapons injuring many of them. Members of the civil society including the Sordar of Umwai.
The people of Bapli become like brut. When they have finished using it, they break it to the rud and to the nala without anymore.
Shillong, July 07: U Siddharth Banerjee, one of the employees of Star Cement, Lumshnong, East Jaintia Hills District, has lodged a complaint with the police that unidentified persons have stolen equipment from the warehouse. The price of these products has reached T.1,88,17,8
The three awards were won in three categories in the Festival of the Year-Art, Culture, Lifestyle. He also won a Gold Medal and a Silver Medal at the Concert of the Year.
The KSU has urged the DC to inform the Puja Committee to take action.
Shillong, July 29: U Bah David A Nongrum, MLA from Mawryngkneng, today resigned from the post of MLA by submitting a letter to the Commissioner Secretary of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Andrew Simon.
This deterioration of this road is a threat to the entire state especially to the leaders of the area from the MDCs, MLAs and even the MP from the same area.
Fr. Ferdinand Dkhar was born in Ïongkaluh, Jowai on 26th June
The award was presented to Babu Kular Khongjirem by the Minister of Tourism at the recent celebration of World Tourism Day at the State Convention Centre, Shillong. in the village of Wahkhen.
It is located in Ri Bhoi District and Ratachera in East Jaintia Hills District, and in Athiabari in West Khasi Hills District.
In this regard, the Legal Metrology Department of the Government of Meghalaya also conducts public hearings from time to time and at the same time directs the public to If you have any questions, please contact this government department.
After the water has been drained, the navy personnel who were on the scene will be able to say when the water has dropped how far they will start to sink.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (ECC) today concluded the U-17 Girls Inter Cluster T20 Cricket Tournament with the (L) Benjamin Diengdoh Memorial. Mawsynram FC have won both the men's and women's tournaments.
However, you can travel by bus to Delhi and Rajasthan.
Some came to give talks and we all recorded.
“It is the duty of the State Government to maintain peace and order in the State and the BSF troops cannot cross the border or violate the authority of the State Government.
LTD that it did not have proper documents.
The newly launched Interactive Information Dissemination System (IIDS) will enable farmers to receive information on the employment opportunities of farmers from the people who learned to teach them by talking over the phone.
When the police tested him, they found that it was heroin weighing 92.42 grams. After the arrest of the suspect, it was revealed that the drugs were intended to be smuggled. Tilak Rai is from Shillong.
Ernest Mawrie urged Conrad to contest the MLA election 2023 only from Tura constituency and not from the two constituencies to contest against the power of Bernard. place.
“We have to focus on 'testing, follow-up, treatment', which are the preventive measures related to COVID-1
The MAWA wrestlers won five gold, five silver and four bronze medals.
This, inevitably, has implications for tax collection and the number of taxpayers.
You are JSU's mother.
Regarding some places, the Cabinet has approved to rename Garompan to Psiar, Ganesh Das Hospital to Ganesh Das Government Maternal and Child Care Hospital, surrounding roads. Synod College Jowai has been renamed Thomas Joan Road and Rilong Chowk has been renamed Captain Clifford Nongrum Square.
Shillong, July 14: U Robinus Syngkong MLA, who is also the Parliamentary Secretary in the government of Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday alleged that the suspension of the coal industry is due to the negligence of the state government.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has expressed its deep concern over the state of peace and order in the state. but instead of putting out the fire.
In his speech, Bah David Laitphlang, president of the press club, said that this is an opportunity to raise awareness among the people on seven issues. year 2022.
On the other hand, the officers in charge of Shillong Smart City said that there is no problem with the parking lot but the problem is only because they have changed the design of the parking lot. wait times.
The Prime Minister said that this visit is very important as he will soon meet with the Prime Minister of the country to discuss this issue in order to prepare for the National Games and other events. parts of the state.
Regarding this, the police department and the health department will meet again to discuss how to deal with this issue. thousand shall be saved in one day.
He said the NPP feels that Mizoram needs many jobs for the welfare and income of the people.
To further reduce the costs of workplaces, workplaces operating across the country will be able to join an apprenticeship group/training center in the state.
Shillong, Iaiong 06: A fire broke out at a pipeline in Lumshyiap today and the flames of the plastic water pipes were severe.
Shillong, Nailur 20: A three-day meeting of the Inspector General of the Border Security Force (BSF) and the Regional Commander of the Bangladesh Border Guard (BGB) will be held in Shillong from 24 to month at Frontier Headquarters, Umpling, Shillong.
Dr. Lajja Ram Bishnoi, Director General of Police, Meghalaya was the chief guest and the Sordar of Sohbar Elaka was the guest of honour.
The Minister promised that the state government will continue to support the CRC Shillong so that it can function as intended.
“I just returned from Delhi on Tuesday and we have received the Manifesto which we will translate from English to Khasi and we will distribute the appeals made by the party. “We will be able to distribute it to the party workers,” he said.
Willbert Rani President FKJGP, said that in the list released there are 14 candidates and as it can be seen that three non-ethnic candidates have been included in the list and this list is wrong because they are from the youth. Garo students got 7, Khasi students got four and others got three.
This is India, because India belongs to the people of the country and not just to the government.
According to police, fire engines on receiving a tip rushed to the scene to extinguish the blaze so that it would not spread to other nearby houses. , said that the house was damaged because it was a wooden house.
It was in 1936 that dedicated sisters such as Mother M.St.Eusebius Ryder, Mother M.Catherine Bologna, Mother M.St.Munich and Mother M.St.Candide, were given the authorized them to establish this College as it is now.
“I am pleased to tell you about Bah Brian D.Kharpran.
The Karbi language, spoken by the Karbi tribes, began to spread in society, and Tissau took steps to preserve its heritage.
Shillong, Lber 18: Lalnunpuia, a prominent Mizoram judoka from Seling, about 40 km from Aizawl, is currently in Shillong and works at the Assam Regimental Center (ARC) Happy Valley Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 27: U Sri.C Rajagopalachari, Governor General of India, has signed and accepted the Instrument of Accession (IOA & AA) on 17th August 1948 with the 25 Hima Khasi States as Hima and includes only in the name of the Federation of Khasi States.
Bah Kular Khongjirem said that this is only a suggestion, but it is up to the government and the health department to take a decision as many of the parents in Shillong have not yet sent They have allowed their children to attend school even though the government has allowed them to attend school.
On the government's proposal to reopen factories, the Cabinet has directed the Industry Department to look into whether the workers will have to be brought back from abroad. The Cabinet will sit down to take a decision after receiving the information from the Industry Department.
The Union is deeply saddened by this initiative of the Government,” said the President of the Union, Bah Super Rngaid.
In addition, it was found that 40 houses were closed before the inspection.
Following the initial phase, a further 64 cinemas will be showing the film over the next few weeks and we hope to add many more.
Baghmara, Naitung 13: The Border Security Force (BSF) has arrested three Bangladeshis while patrolling the India-Bangladesh border in South Garo Hills.
She also encouraged the Unit here that your purpose here is to look after the welfare of your fellow students.
This ban is to provide support as the strike has been called across the country.
Lawkyntang or Sacred Groves has led the state in terms of environmental conservation based on the knowledge and culture of the ancients, on an area of ​​about 10,000 hectares in About 100 land, besides more than 150 private forests covering about 2,500 hectares in the state, these land have been maintained by the residents of the state.
The release of the newly registered voters' names is until 01.01.2024 for the 60 MLA constituencies. 22,17,100 lakh.
Referring to the formation of the government in Meghalaya, he asked how you have seen that the formation of the government in Meghalaya without the Congress party has faced a lot of problems in Garo Hills. Hills but the party is still standing, regarding the allegations in the last election, all of them are baseless, said Dr Mukul.
Times have changed now.
This will also include students who have passed ICSE/CBSE/ISC.
Fishing activities have increased by about 10% per annum in the first five years of the Modi Government compared to 5.27% from 2009-10 to 2013-1
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has appointed N Hajong to investigate into the allegation that there has been a shortage of ration in several places in the district. He said that he should complete the investigation within a day and submit a report whether the allegation is true or not.
HANM has made it clear in its constitution that it will not join any political party but will praise any government that works for the demands of the people of the state. I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do.
On the other hand , the General Secretary of the MSOA , Bah Finely Pariat , said that the Half Marathon will start at 6:30 pm , with the participation of more than 700 volunteers to run this marathon.
Speaking on the statement by Home Minister Amit Shah that the CAB will not affect Article 271 and the Sixth Schedule, Robert said that this is a mistake. but when there are many other nations and they have taken over the power of the laws, they cannot be changed.
Shillong, July 21: U Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohlya today visited the polling stations on the border of Meghalaya and Assam to provide peace of mind to the people. .
Edmund Paul Kharir Manager of the hotel said that on the day of the police's arrival, room 302 was not booked. This house, or the arrested servant, led it at a time when they did not see it.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Thomas Passah President of KHANM Youth Wings said that since Meghalaya got its own state in 1972, the residents of these two areas have been living in the country. and the Raliang River.
On the other hand, the KSU suspects that the purpose of this is to increase the number of troops in the area so that the uranium deposits in the area cannot be mined.
Speaking to some journalists who went down to investigate, Coming expressed his surprise to see his name and the value of the large sum of money.
On Saturday, the ADG, accompanied by the IG BSF Meghalaya, visited the Border Outposts (BOPs) along the India-Bangladesh border in South West Khasi Hills and East Khasi Hills Districts. Meghalaya has met face to face with the Field Commanders and sought information on the border patrolling to reduce theft and robbery on the border.
Therefore, the Seng requests all the Presidents and General Secretaries of various Units and Circles to arrive at the office of the Seng at 9:00am. He also invited all the old leaders of the party to take part in this special day and it will be remembered in the history of the party and the Jaitbynriew as a whole.
AMPSTA will soon set a date for the strike to request the government and civil society to think carefully where these teachers will go after they are dismissed and what will happen to them. .
The BJP Meghalaya Pradesh on Tuesday launched the Scheduled Tribe Morcha at a meeting held at the party headquarters on Bivar Road.
In this regard, the party will also write to the party leaders in Delhi regarding the support of the Congress MLAs and as of now the Congress MLAs accept the views of the BJP party. Jymmang 11: The total number of cases in the state has risen to 928, with 20 cases in East Garo Hills, 18 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 18 cases in East Khasi Hills. 358 cases, Eastern West Khasi Hills 33, North Garo Hills 31, Ri Bhoi 117, South Garo Hills 15, South West Garo Hills 25, South West Khasi Hills 38, West Garo Hills 151, West Jaintia Hills 96, West Khasi Hills 26 cases .
The union feels that due to this terrible and rapidly spreading coronavirus, the lockdown has been implemented through the government with the consent of the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Leaders of the KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit led by Ohibait Dkhar President and Albinus Lamurong General Secretary have met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District.
The victim was identified as Sunil Sarswat, 35, from the state. The victim was identified as Sunil Sarswat, 35, from the state. Rajasthan.
The Chief Minister said that many of the people are concerned that the CAB will be a way for people to enter the state.
Before the State Government reached Sahsniang, the State Government should have also sent back the Assam Police Station at Mukuilum, now known as Mukoiram, which has been established for a long time.
Police said that the ASAK members had abducted Bittu Patel, a truck driver, from the NH-61 on the 29th of last month after a clash with the police. On the 1st of this month, the driver of the truck was rescued.
In a statement sent by MSSASA Publicity Unit, Starwell Lyngdoh said that the union has taken this decision after many teachers teaching at the elementary level from class I to class VIII including SSA, Govt, Ad Hoc, Deficit and Private teachers expressed their difficulties in getting the training of D.El.
When the police rescued the child, he was said to be breathing but before reaching the hospital, he died. This was the murder by the person who entered the house. and thou shalt cover thy face.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the State Government is considering from all sides the demand to make Khasi and Garo the Official Languages ​​of Meghalaya.
He said that all the diseases such as headache have been checked by the ANMs, malaria program workers and ASHAs, equipment such as blood draw rapid diagnostic test and others have been provided.
He expressed the hope that the NLU will become a center of learning that will bring new opportunities for knowledge and research.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: Police have arrested Shokhomang Lhungdim, 40, of Shillong, Shillong, for allegedly being a drug trafficker.
To provide shelter to the affected people, 31 shelters have been set up across the state. The total number of people living in the shelters set up by the government has risen to 4202 so far.
Speaking at the meeting, Prof DP Goyal, Director, IIM Shillong expressed his satisfaction and spoke about the rich legacy of President Dr.APJ Abdul Kalam and the mission of u for development.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The All India Congress Committee (AICC) in Meghalaya today decided to lead the Congress party in Meghalaya. Sonia Gandhi, President of the Congress party in Meghalaya, has said that the Congress MLAs from Meghalaya have to convey what they want to convey through the President of the MPCC. Sonia Gandhi should direct the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to convene a meeting of the Congress Legislative Party to elect a new leader to lead the government.
Shillong, Lber 17: U John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya and Secretary General of the Federation of Khasi States, has sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. The Government should ban the entry of tourists to the state to prevent the spread of COVID-1
At the same time, the H.P.S.0 urges the MU Government not to grant bail to these 14-year-old girls. The Seng Hynniewtrep People's Social Organization (HHP) warns that if it finds anyone who has done anything wrong, the Seng will not forgive for the sake of the Hynniewtrep people. The Hynniewtrep people know man, know God, know family, know family and the state as a whole.
The greed of these factories has destroyed us the indigenous people and they have no respect for the people.
The Chief Minister of the state, if he wants peace to return, should resign.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Union of Rangah Shnongs, three civil society organizations, including the KSU, FKJGP and HNYF, today met with the Chief Minister. Prestone Tynsong on the complaint of the residents of Umsing area regarding the announcement to hand over the Umsning Division of MeECL to companies.
The union congratulates the DC of East Jaintia Hills for taking action on the demand of the JYF-EJH which has forced the government to grant the local taxi quota in Khliehriat Region, said Samla. Beker Chyrmang Organizing Secretary of JYF-EJH. On the other hand, Samla N.rymbai President of JYF-EJH urged the people of JYF-EJH to cooperate with the DC so that he can do good deeds and work. right for our new district.
Bah Chyne said that this is not a spectacle but a celebration in which all the Khasi Khara are invited to attend this celebration because it is necessary to preserve our own culture. customs and traditions of the nation.
This will be held in East Garo Hills where the District Election Officer (DEO), Bah CVD Diengdoh as Chairman, Additional Deputy Commissioner, PM Sangma, Headmistress of Educere Secondary School, GTR Marak ), WGkin is a member of this committee.
In a petition submitted to the DC and DTO of EJHD, the four organizations said that if the driving practices in the district remain illegal, then private vehicles will also drive together. and vehicles that have already applied for permits, this, besides being an illegal act which defames the district EJHD and also causes many bad things in the traffic, this will also affect those who They have already applied for local permit because they have to pay various taxes to the government and also loans to banks for their vehicles.
In his speech, Bah T.Hynniewta, Station Director, Doordarshan Kendra Shillong, urged the officers to be the faces and voices of the government.
It appears that the gangs are filled with a spirit of hatred and hatred for the poor Christians in the area, by organizing shlems that teach and dedicate themselves for the welfare of the youth and the future of the country. they.
Congratulating the youth of Iooksi Pyllun for their contribution to Ma Nehemaya Tyngkan, he said that if all the residents of the village have such a spirit, they will soon have a clean and impartial governance. face bad hair.
The Government will also open a Model College and the location will be between Mairang and Kynshi in West Khasi Hills.
The union on this occasion would like to inform the present government to fulfill the aspirations of the people of the state in all aspects, from the appointment of mynder, adequate educational institutions, access to unemployment, health, colorful roads and so on.
Shillong, November 02: The Union Minister of State for Tourism and Culture and Heritage, Shillong, today visited Lumsohpet Bneng in the presence of leaders. BJP Meghalaya State Unit President Shibun Lyngdoh.
The committee should strengthen social cohesion, harmony and should also pave the way for dialogue between different communities.
GNLA Political Secretary Bikdot Marak said that if the government does not clarify, they will not be allowed to campaign for the election. .
Chairman of the Parliamentary Standing Committee Annan Sharma will come to Guwahati to meet with the Autonomous District Councils of the region and civil society to hear what they have to say on the central government's plan. to amend the Sixth Schedule and what they have to say.
The village leader urged the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to take note of the demand of the Khasi Pnars that the Meghalaya government should recognize them as full citizens of Meghalaya.
The President of the Bharat Scouts and Guides, Bah PS Thangkhiew, Principal Secretary, Governor and KN Kumar were present on the occasion. and other government officials.
Sources close to the BJP said the party will support the NPP candidate Purno A Sangma from the 2-Tura Lok Sabha seat.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Dorbar Shnong of Wapungskur, East Jaintia Hills, has demanded from GR Infra Projects Ltd, the contractor for the construction of the NH-6, to repair and complete the remaining parts of the road. National Highway – 6 passes through Wapungskur village.
With the passage of the Bill into law within the KHADC, women now have the power to participate in various committees for the benefit of the villages.
Only those participants who have applied in advance will be registered and the registration will be closed immediately after 20 applicants.
To the Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya and to the IG CID, Government of Meghalaya.
In his post on 'X', Amit Shah said that under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Ministry of Home Affairs will continue to stand firm for the security of the country and the people. of her, as always.
“We urge you to take all necessary measures to fight against traffickers by arresting and prosecuting the perpetrators/traffickers, who have been arrested many times, under the provisions of PIT-NDPS. Act," he said.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawpran Nonglyndiang, Bah Pynskhemborlang Khongmalai, who was also present to witness the distribution of foodgrains, urged the unit leaders not to take advantage of the distribution.
It is on this basis that we have informed the police that if the police continue to arrest like this in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night and to harass the families, the parents, to intimidate them all, “We will not talk anymore and maybe we will take other measures,” said Samla Najiar.
32-Nongstoin by Polestar Nongsiej, 31-Mawthadraishan by Brolding Nongsiej, 30-Mairang by Metbah Lyngdoh, 35-Ranikor by Pius Marwein.
The struggle of KAS for the past three years is for the recognition of the Khasi language in the Constitution of India.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Arun Kumar Kemphavi, today said that the cold weather has affected all four blocks of the state. of West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 14: The Nongkrem Festival in the Khyriem Hima which has been held for three days has ended today. Smit, who was under the jurisdiction of the king.
We are clear to the public that we are not against the improvement of the existing road but we don't want to allow the two lane road because we know that this area doesn't need two lane but only the improvement and cleaning of the road. I don't have anything to do with it.
Speaking at a meeting, Amit Das said that these glasses can be used from 12 years of age to 50 years, and there will be no warranty or repair. He said that last year, the Titans Collection had exhibited the items to the public in collaboration with the Titans.
Although the evening was cold, this did not dampen the spirits of the 3000 young men and women from all over the State who gathered together to showcase their new talents.
The Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, in a statement sent to the media on Saturday, said that one of the victims was identified as Ravi Rai, 23 years old. He is the son of Devi Rai who lives in Pastha Elam, Nepal.
This has affected the students,” said Bah Kharsyiemlieh.
This was seen on the day when the media arrived at the airport to witness the first landing of the Indigo flight. I came by the same ship from Calcutta.
The KSU will continue to investigate and punish the Mynder who try to smuggle into the Bri Hynniewtrep and has warned to punish those who are accustomed to be brokers of the Mynder without forgiveness.
“The UDP has also admitted that it was they who made Bah Arden CEM in KHADC like the ARPA, but this is wrong and it is the people who elected him. “It is his victory in the last MDC election,” said Bah Arden.
According to sources, the fire broke out in these two government buildings and many of the files in these two offices were burning.
Lethindra G Momin has been transferred from the post of Deputy Commandant of 3 Battalion and appointed as SP of EOW. Meanwhile, Darwin M Sangma has been transferred from MePDCL and appointed Assistant Inspector General (R).
The fourth case is from the family of Bah Over Sutnga, Anna Suchiang and Niwanshwa Kanai. They are also in critical condition and are undergoing treatment at MCH Hospital Jowai.
Our traditional medicine has been neglected under the leadership of the Congress government, which has led to its neglect, until it was taken over by Narendra Modiji.
“In my opinion, Bah Nasar is a man who has the spirit to carry the burden of the people of the village and the Langrin Constituency as a whole.
Shillong, July 18: The Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'im Ricky Nelson Syiem together with the Ministers of the Hima today visited the Harijan Colony at Mawlonghat. other leaders of the Harijan Colony.
In this meeting with the government, they demanded that Police Outposts should be set up immediately in five villages in the area between the border dispute with Assam in order to bring peace and stability to the people. HNYF Raliang Circle President Donbok Dkhar told reporters that the HNYF Raliang Circle has suffered many violence in Assam.
Also present on the occasion were Dr Vijay Kumar D, Commissioner and Secretary, Sports and Youth Affairs, S Awasthi, Director, Sports and Youth Affairs, John F Kharshiing, Working President, MSOA and other government officials.
For more information please call 8974966498, 9089142860,
“The union which met with the shopkeepers has listened to the plight of these shopkeepers who earn their living in the morning and eat at night, during the outbreak of Covid-1 -19 This land has been donated by the Forest Department for the purpose of selling agricultural products as well as other food and beverage related activities.
Their mission for positive change is fortified by strategic partnerships with entities like SCET, University of California Berkeley, IBM, Meta, Aditya Birla Fashion & Retail, State Government of Telangana, India and others.1M1B exists to activate 1 million youth who will impact 1 billion people, thereby creating a world of balanced prosperity.
He appreciated the encouraging speech of the Prime Minister Conrad Sangma in which he mentioned the role of Meghalaya in bringing about the stability of this preparation.
Inspection of the school by the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) West Khasi Hill District found that the school is still in dilapidated condition and many of the students cannot stay in their classrooms due to the lack of buildings. lights, bents, water and other necessities for the students.
Zakhary Shadap from Mawhati LA constituency and Ymlahklet Khonglah from Sohrynkham LA constituency.
The problem faced in Meghalaya is due to superstition and sometimes even religion is misleading in terms of the use of medicines. Do your utmost to educate the public regarding the use of medicines to protect children and mothers from diseases.
There are 16 teams from India who have participated in the tournament and they have been divided into four groups. Shillong Lajong FC in 2009-10 did well in the tournament and reached the final where they faced each other. and East Bengal and lost on penalties.
On the other hand, the ANVC leaders said that this action of the government will affect many members of the ANVC and this was evident from the action of one of the members when he went to help the ANVC. GNLA: The GNLA leaders have discussed this with the government but it is not known for what reasons they have not released the money yet.
On the other hand, the Seng has warned all government employees to do their job properly, if they cannot do their job properly they should resign and give it to others who can.
Policies and programs to provide an environment in which women and children are involved, which is calm, trustworthy and free from all forms of discrimination and violence.
One Bill was passed.
+91 9856004343.
Mohammad Rustam, one of the residents of the area, said that according to his information, the area belongs to the Meghalaya WAFT Board of which Bah Sayedullah Nongrum is the Chairman. President of the Board, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, told reporters.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The BJYM Meghalaya in its meeting held on 21st November 2017, has discussed many important issues affecting the development and welfare of the people of the state due to the crisis. The BJYM in the presence of Satyendra Tripathi Co-Incharge Organization BJP Meghalaya has decided to hold a meeting today. Shillong, Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills to protest against corruption and the failure of the state government to provide the rights of the people of the state.
Before the meeting, a march was held around the border of the Dorbar Shnong Thynroid in which hundreds of residents of Thynroid Village took part. , including parents, youth and school children in Thynroid Village.
Ballengsing Ch Marak of Williamnagar, Sareni Ch Marak of Songsaj, Tangseng R Marak of Tikrikilla, Thosengcheba R Marak of Raksamgre and Serimina D Marak of Jirang.
Creative Thinking, 5.
The Committee on Government Assurances of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, led by Chairman Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, together with members including two MLAs, Gabriel Wahlang and Matthew B Kurbah, on Tuesday held a meeting to discuss the issue. visited the Mawmluh Cements Limited (MCCL) factory at Mawmluh village, Sohra.
The event was attended by Samborlang Diengdoh, Secretary Gideon Kharkangor as Chief Guest, Laban MDC Mitchel Wankhar as Chief Guest. Shillong Cricket Association (SCA) officials including President Peter MacDonald Kharsawian, General Secretary Banri Kharmalki, Vice President Amit Singhania and others.
The Seng will not stop the work of the Unit but will not rest to demand a Civil Sub Division in the area.
The Chief Minister congratulates the people who have won the NPP and UDP candidates which means the victory of the MDA government. Prestone Tynsong said that during the elections, the Congress party has made 40 accusations against the government but even in the midst of these accusations, the people have given their confidence to the government. led by Conrad K Sangma and congratulated the people of the three Constituencies.
The Cabinet has also decided to implement the pension for traders and small traders who can benefit from this benefit will reach 300,000 across India.
The youth, who was rescued from the hands of the robber, has been placed in a government hospital to complete the legal procedures.
The Election Commission has provided security measures to ensure the smooth running of the election.
On the other hand, Senior Vice President of the JETS, Bah Elton Cliff Warjri, urged the JETS 24×7 to ensure the safety of the passengers. and to prevent the exploiters who try to extort money from the people.
He said that there is a difference between the MP election and the MLA election. In the MLA election, people look at their relationship and in the MP election, the people look at the performance of the party.
New Delhi, November 28: Union Minister Anurag Thakur today launched the calendar of the Government of India for the year
On the other hand, the CEM urged the leaders, youth organizations, women's organizations and others to come forward to cooperate with the government to fight against this disease and to follow the guidelines of the government. state government.
On the other hand, Bah Salin Lawai, Rangbah Shnong of Upper Klew, alleged that there has been pressure that if they do not build the toilets before the government officials come to inspect, they will be deprived of ration.
Regarding the acquisition of land, the government will not allow such acquisition without paying the land fee and should provide accommodation to those who have been acquired. Regarding the land acquisition system for factories, the Minister said this is according to a statement issued by the Central Government.
This year, 11 Rots were brought from all over the Jowai Doloiship. These Rots were also written about what is happening around the country and about human rights, such as the environmental degradation, drug abuse and violence against women and children.
Criticizing the Government, he said, “It is enough of your deception from time to time by misleading the residents.
On the other hand, SP News Agency, when he arrived at the scene, found these stones with the dates and names of people on almost all the stones in Lum Shyllong, for which it is not clear why. these dates and the names of the people are written.
Out of the 31 polling stations, the Election Commission has received information that 6 polling stations are in danger of any violence. borders with areas that are still very rural.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has called on the government to punish Ronald Wahlang, who is accused of raping two women. school children have been arrested for drinking alcohol.
This is the first time in Meghalaya that the opposition has not taken part in the speech of the Governor in the House before the start of the first session of each session. year to receive a speech from the Governor of the State.
On this occasion, they will discuss the 65th anniversary of the Khasi Syiems' treaty with the Central Government from 15th November 1947 to 19th October and Akbar Hydari, Governor of Assam.
The increase in various global rankings such as the Ease of Doing Business, the Global Innovation Index and many others, shows this fact.
The nine-member group from Garo Hills will now leave to hold a meeting in Garo Hills and if there is anything that needs to be clarified, the MPCA is ready to leave, said Bah Jyrwa.
The Khasi Jaintia Christian Fellowship in Kolkata has held a minute's silence to express its sorrow over the death of this young woman who fell into the hands of the enemy.
The BJP in the past few months has promised that if it comes to power in the upcoming elections, it will abolish the '370' Hindustan wants two constitutions, two heads and two flags. However, the same Hindu party leader LK Advani wants to implement Article 371 in Goa so that foreigners cannot buy land in the state.
According to the estimates, Khanduli is one of the largest villages in the rural areas as it has about 500 households.
On the other hand, Bah W Shangpliang, president of HANM Mawsynram, said that if the MCAB installs its ATM in the village, it will provide convenience to the people in their daily needs.
The Government is very concerned about this issue.
He said that this failure of the MLA who is also the President of the UDP party shows that this is the beginning of how to show to the world that the UDP is ready to work for the people and especially to serve the people. which the people meet from time to time.
Other office bearers are Bah R. Livingstone Kharpran as Secretary and Bah JL Khongshei as Treasurer.
He said, “we have a sense of lack of archives and research.
On the first day of this month, the Rangbah Shnong of Umsning area together with the Magistrate visited the company known as Meghalaya Agrovet Private Limited. You cannot raise syiar without having a proper document or without having received permission from the government.
New Delhi, November 20: The International Film Festival of India (IFFI) has become a platform for filmmakers from all over the world to showcase their work and India will certainly be the hub for Union Minister of State for Information and Broadcasting, Youth Affairs and Sports, Anurag Singh Thakur today at the IFFI 53 in Goa.
All these four views on the spelling of Khasi characters have their own views and this has confused the writers and affected the students from class A to those in class A. The KJPA will take this issue to the Synod to take a decision.
Over the years, the traffic on this bridge has been slow and the bridge has been damaged and the maintenance of this bridge has been done through the Dam Rehabilitation Improvement Project (DRIP).
This age of trouble poses a serious threat to the future generation.
Sangma said it is the duty of the Prime Minister to appoint someone in his Cabinet by taking into account the entire region.
Shillong, July 02: The BSF has seized smuggled goods on the border with Bangladesh in
The vision document released by Modiji has a vision for the development of India's maritime industry through the timely implementation of the vision in various sectors.
He said that at present the death toll is 197 per 1000 people and the government has set a target to reduce this death toll within the next three years.
Shillong, Lber 21: Adhok teachers teaching in Lower Primary, Upper Prime and Higher Secondary Schools today held a public meeting at Madan Malki to demand two issues from the government. increase salaries and recognize them in the deficit category.
The celebration was enriched by traditional songs and dances with the participation of members from different districts.
The Director said that today there have been 82 deaths from COVID-19 and the death toll in the state has risen to
The child, who was found from Nongmynsong on the 3rd of this month, is now under the care of Lawei Baphyrnai.
The training will be held at the Training Center of the Seng in Nongkrem.
On the opening day, it was seen that many of those who took part were government officials and from the army.
In the competition, Seng Khasi Secondary School, Pyndengumiong won the first prize, while St. Thomas Higher Secondary School, Mairang and Multipurpose Secondary School, Lumrit Sohdadek won the second and third prizes respectively. three.
On the other hand, the DC of East Khasi Hills said that the delay in the distribution of the photographs is due to the fact that they are waiting for this day and he said that all the officers have been directed to expedite the distribution. the photos after the release yesterday morning.
In this incident, Bah Nanly Khardewsaw of Mawsiej village lost his life, while the total number of injured from these four villages has reached
You are the President of the party.
In the search for more and more ways to benefit from writing, many of the writers are surprised to find the meaning, reason and snap thought to develop themselves through self-determination and discovery. spirit.
Although the Ministry of Home Affairs of India has already clarified that the decision to grant citizenship status to the states, this is unacceptable as it will go to court and will bring great trouble behind the scenes.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The District Forest Officer of East Khasi Hills District has issued a notice ban ban people from standing on the tree bridge at Nan Polok. don't let anyone walk on this bridge.
Other speakers at the meeting were the Working President of the MPCC, Bah PN Syiem who announced that the party will go to help those families who have been affected by this tragic incident.
On the occasion of the 157th Anniversary of the Execution of Kiang Nangbah by the British Government, Bah MH Dkhar spoke briefly in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah. which remembers the great deeds and selflessness of Kiangbah Nangbah, the Son of Jaintia Hills for the sake of the country and the nation, until he gave his life for the sake of liberation. free the country and the nation from the slavery of foreign governments.
Venkatesh Tiwari, Director – Middle Mile Operations, Amazon India, said, “Our truck drivers are the drivers and facilitators of the company's operations and the drivers have worked together to implement the programs to provide training on how to be safe when driving vehicles and also provide knowledge on safety when using equipment.
The race started at 6 pm from the CTO Building opposite the Governor's House and ended at 6:45 pm at the same venue.
So far, they have received complaints from about 200 students.
He will also visit Kalaichar Border Haat, Border Outposts and Anganwadi Centers during his visit to Mahendraganj on July 10,
However, at the same time, he said that the Elaka and Raid will be judged if they issue syrnod kulmar and the sale of land for money will be stopped.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: U Rowell Lyngdoh, 79, is the oldest candidate for the MLA election
After the arrival of Swami in 1901, the Ramakrishna Mission began its work in the Khasi Hills in 1924 at Shella by starting a night school.
The CCIB expresses its gratitude to the Ministry of Home Affairs for issuing this public announcement and hopes that under the leadership of the BJP President, it will be able to resolve the issue of the people on the border. and Bangladesh.
Prestone said that a thorough discussion has been held and directed to the relevant departments including the Deputy Commissioner, Police and SP Traffic to prepare information and issue clear instructions to the The roads where VVIPs or dignitaries go.
During these months they have not gone to work and have not arrived at work on time. The delay in payment of salary last month is due to the fact that they have not submitted their Aadhaar as required by the the EPF by some employees.
At the same time, the Aadhaar Act 2016 has made it clear that it does not force people to do it but it is up to them and especially those children under the age of 18 years because they are not yet can make the decision of the Future for themselves.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that many ideas came out of the meeting which discussed the need to strengthen the fight against drug trafficking.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The Chief of Army Staff of India, General Dalbir Singh, today handed over the flags of the four new battalions of the Assam Regiment. Assam Regimental Center in Happy Valley Shillong.
The US bomber was recovered on October 30, 2019 from Roing in Arunachal Pradesh, according to the military.
He said that he had planned to contest the election since 1999 but he stopped and this time he has shown that he is ready for the upcoming election. that's it.
All that remains to increase income is only the tourism industry which has started to grow in the state and which has created jobs for the people especially in Shillong and other places which have been developed. shah without work without jam.
Shillong, Lber 02: The National People's Party (NCP) has given its support to the Congress party.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The Enforcement Department of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today visited Mawphlang to inspect the companies operating in the area which have not provided the necessary documents.
The Chief Minister said that during these Cabinet meetings, there are also meetings to discuss various schemes implemented through various government departments in the districts. also make the officers satisfied that the ministers are taking the initiative to come and see the work.
Therefore, the vendors did not block the road, but gave a helping hand," the union explained.
The training was conducted in collaboration with the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) and sponsored by the NSS Unit of MLCU. The 2nd semester is MSc Counseling Psychology.
The President of the KSU War Cycle.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya today said that on behalf of the Meghalaya government, as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, he has spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam, Sarbananda Sonowal. to hold a meeting between the two Prime Ministers to discuss the border issue.
If the MDC elections to the JHADC and KHADC are to be held on time, the polling day will be on 27 June 2024, but whether to postpone or hold on time depends on the time. the cabinet to decide.
“After watching more than 14,500 athletes through various sports events across the state, I began to understand the amount of talent in them.
Shillong, July 15: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today sent a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma demanding that the government should stop the construction of the The party has made it clear that it is against any proposal to build a railway line in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shella Area Unit on Tuesday held a program “Tur Shaphrang Award-2021” to honor the students of Shella Village who have passed in the 1st Division. I passed the matric examination this year at RKM Secondary School, Disong, Shella.
However, the government has not thought carefully or considered before taking this decision which affects the people.
On receiving this information, the principal lodged a complaint with the Laitumkhrah Police Station.
Shillong, November 21: U Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), on Tuesday said that although the meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs on the Gram Sabha could not be held as it should have been, More than 50 Rangbah Shnongs attended the meeting.
The Minister replied that in the past three years, 16,400 illegal immigrants have been deported, in 2018, 5,460, in 2019, 7,626, In 2020, there were 2122 cases, in 2021 till 1/9/2021 there were 1192 cases, all of them have been repatriated to Assam.
On 17th July 2020, India issued its first directive and India was among the first countries to start screening passengers at airports. fellow citizens who have overcome the challenge of adhering to the rules and their tolerance of the Janata Curfew.
He said that the allocation of funds for Assam in the last 10 years before 2014 was T.12 lakh crore.
He said that as an MLA he will take this issue to the House for discussion. He said that they don't know what the problem is but if there is a will there is a way and they have put forward the issue for the teachers. in Meghalaya.
The demand is that 35 members should be elected by the people, two members should be shut hung, one male and one female.
Dkhar said that if the Chief Minister says that Wapung is not a suitable place to set up a C&RD Block, why does the Government increase the number of DS-Wapungskur and Wapungshnong to find land? Why didn't you accept the land offered to the Government in your DS Letter No. 30 May, 2014 and Letter No. DBSW/Genl?
The problem of schools in the rural areas of the state, about 70% of the schools do not have drinking water, 50% of the schools in the state do not have light, he said. It is like the blood that flows in a person, if the blood flows, the whole body flows, likewise in education, if it flows, it affects the future of the state as a whole.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs, Shaniah Suchen said that during the meeting, Lahkmen said that he had already spoken to the Inspector General of BSF. Director General of Police, Meghalaya on this issue.
It was informed that since the establishment of the Seng, there have been only three branches and now they have grown to about 40 branches of the Seng JKur Warjri.
According to the decision taken at the meeting, the KHADC will not appeal to the High Court, but it is up to the Hima and the land owners if they wish to go to the High Court.
Among the states in the North East, it is clear that it will be difficult for the authorities from Assam to enter the states which have laws to curb the illegal entry of foreigners such as the ILP. Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram and Nagaland.
Speeches were delivered by the elders and youth who expressed their concern over the backwardness of the constituency especially the poor people who earn their living by employment. The reason is that the MLA of the area does not implement properly the schemes allocated by the government through the MLAs as well as the schemes through the PWD department and others.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said that the 5Pay Commission for deficit teachers will be implemented from July 2017.
This was stated by Michael Dingan, Assistant General Secretary, KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
A time should also be set to complete all this,” said Rajnath Singh.
Therefore, the barpoh were urged to attend the meeting and said that they should take this as an invitation even if they cannot send the information but take it as their own responsibility.
He said that at this hospital they have now used robots to treat the sick people, this has helped the patient to reduce the bleeding during the treatment and the disease has reduced. and the ways of cleansing are the same.
Due to the collapse of the road, the villages in the middle of these areas have now faced difficulties in getting food items such as rice, sugar, flour, rice, dai and other necessities.
However, this can be left to the experts on the subject once it has been empowered by the authority to be approved by the Dorbar Thawaiñ.
However, until the police sent this statement, no one has claimed responsibility for the blast.
The Central Government has amended the NDPS Act in which the fourth rule is that the government can take over the house of the drug trafficker. it is only if he or she is in their name.
There were also other speakers who are members of MAWU and there were also dances and songs to enrich the day.
Bah HM Shangpliang, Advisor to the Education Department, Government of Meghalaya, was the chief guest.
In Mairang, the Minister of Food, Bah Comingone Ymbon unfurled the flag and followed by the unveiling of the coffins by the government departments at the Sub-Divisional Agriculture Officer's Office. The Block Development Officer won the second prize and the Fishery Officer won the fourth prize.
After finding out that they did not have proper work permits or documents, she ordered them to leave the area and return to their villages.
According to a letter sent by the Chief Engineer of National Highway, CN Sangma to the Chief Engineer of MeECL in charge of the work, the inspection of the bridge will be held on the 12th of this month. /2/2024.
Speaking at the Asia Pacific Youth Exchange (APYE) meeting with Philippine Vice President Maria Leonor Gerona Robredo and Mizoram Chief Minister Zoramthanga.
According to these rules, applications have been accepted from Hindus, Sikhs, Jains, Buddhists, Parsis and Christians from Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan who have entered India till fear of such an attack.
After the thanksgiving ceremony, a small meeting was held under the leadership of the President of the Union, Kong Cathleen Pyngrope.
Construction of the monument will begin on the 1st of next month.
Volunteers in areas where police department personnel are present will cooperate with the police to conduct searches.
Before the donation, a short meeting was held at the office of the party where the meeting was conducted by the General Secretary Samla Garland S Manner. Kwilnis Suchiang Environmental Secretary and Leningrad Tariang Organizing Secretary. Finally, a speech was delivered by Samla Mihsalan Truh who was a participant of the tournament.
To provide relief from the problems faced by the people of the North East.
Some of the problems have arisen since 1950 due to the lack of clarity in the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement in Article 370 of the Constitution of India.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: U Bah S Mylliemngap, who intends to contest as an independent candidate from Jirang Constituency, on Tuesday said that the allegations against him are just someone's attempt to slander him.
At the same time, they condemned the remarks of Bah Arden on RTI, alleging that it is a threat to economic development.
Before the meeting, the Co-Chairman held a short meeting with the BDO, 100 Gram Sevaks and other officers of the Block to hear about the problems they face in their work. .
On the other hand, the President said that Meghalaya has 80% farmers, the university has a big role in this regard how to find ways to improve agriculture for the benefit of the farmers. growth of the state especially in agriculture.
Despite three injuries, Meghalaya managed to beat Sikkim.
Shillong, Lber 26: The Government of Meghalaya will soon set up new Community Colleges in which the Government will invest in the beginning and the people will run them. owner to the public.
The union expresses its deep regret over this and said that it is part of the negligence of the Forest Department. to build and install these buildings especially buildings such as houses and offices but have been left without implementation.
The State Disaster Response Team led by Sub Inspector MA Thubru on 27th June, 2024 rescued five people from a house in Lumparing, Shillong. cause of landslide near this house.
In North Garo Hills, the Chief Minister has inaugurated a Power Sub Station at Adokgre in North Garo Hills District. He also built a stadium in the same place where his father wanted to complete this stadium which has been completed today.
According to the announcement, there are 400 vacancies at various levels, but the HYC said that there are some areas where they have complaints.
The Seng also urges the schools in the state not to accept textbooks.
The DC said.
The Minister said that the changes in MeECL cannot be seen yet but in the coming months there will be many changes. lack of money.
On the other hand, the president of the KSU said that the Vice Chancellor of NEHU is not invited to discuss these issues.
It will continue until November 9, 2023.
When asked by reporters who he is and what he has done, Bah Sohtun initially declined to give his name, but later said, “U Bah HS Shylla is the enemy of the nation because he wants to mine uranium”.
After we took his statement, he along with others were released from the police station,” said Bah Nongtnger.
He said that there are people from abroad who are trying to divide the nation.
Shillong, November 31: The Union Navy has been able to rescue 15 people from a coal mine in East Jaintia Hills at 3 pm today. in this cremation and this sleep lasted for three hours.
The closing ceremony was conducted by Bah S.Rani, President Thangsning Cricket Club. This is part of the efforts to encourage the youth in sports and at the same time to revive the game of cricket in the rural areas which is also one of the most popular sports not only in India. Other dignitaries who gave speeches on the occasion included Bah Traibor Nongkhlaw, Sordar Thangsning in the presence of Bah Kharumnuid, Secretary Shnong Thangsning. Mr. Y. Pomksang, Secretary Thangsning Cricket Club, welcomed the guests.
All the goods in this shop have been destroyed.
Many roads have been destroyed and livestock, agriculture of the people and the floods have affected the entire state of Meghalaya, not only in parts of Garo Hills but also in these parts of Meghalaya. The Khasi Hills are the same.
All this talk is to improve education in the state.
He said that the Government is well aware of the problems faced by the people living in the border villages and promised that the Government will do its best to resolve the problems.
His first assignment in Shillong was to visit the Skill Development Center run by the Rama Krishna Mission.
of Economics, Rajiv Gandhi University, Bai Taba, Vice-President, Indigenous Faith and Cultural Society of Arunachal Pradesh, Dr.Vijay Swami, Executive Director, RIWATCH andRatan Anya, Chairperson, Oju Welfare Association as panellists.
The Union Minister of State for DoNER, Dr Jitendra Singh, who is also the Vice-Chairman of the NEC, explained the work of the NEC and the changes that have been brought about from time to time. for.
To protest against this unfair behavior of the government, the union has decided not to take part in the Teachers' Day at the meetings to be held by the government.
SHILLONG: The preparations for the Fourth Special Assembly of Mairang Pyllun have started on 12th January 2013 at the office of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Mairang. The meeting was convened by the Ministers, Priests, Sordars, Members of the Consultative Executive Dorbar of the Federation of Khasi States. In the presence of Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MIDC, Govt of Meghalaya, Bah Harlinjai Skhemlon, Sirdar Hima Mawdon, & Secretary, Federation of Khasi States.
After the government has settled with the companies outside the court by paying their fines to M/S Asthra Construction Pvt Ltd which amounted to T.2.65 crore and hs MSS Builders has paid Rs 1.95 crore.
The tires distributed by the BSF today have reached T.6 lakh.
The Minister was speaking at a meeting of Income Tax officers.
At this meeting, they talked to the parties who have been protesting for many days while the talks are ongoing and agreed to meet again in Shillong. you don't have to worry about it.
Shillong, Naitung 03: Rajabala MLA Dr Azad Zaman has personally visited the flood affected villages in Selsella Block of West Garo Hills District.
We don't care about that, we fight for what is right, we don't feel anything, we stand firm,” said Samla Warjri.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The Mawkhar Youth Association (MYS) on its 25th Anniversary, today, 19th Nailar, held a special training for the youth and parents. father, on the prevalence of drugs and the dangers of drug addiction.
The purchase of cooking equipment has been increased to T.15000/- tyngka and this is in a joint allocation between the Central Government and the State Governments 75% : 25% while for the States North is 90% :
The Prime Minister of India, on Tuesday morning, announced a curfew from 7.00 am to 9.00 pm.
Today, thousands of tinkering labs are inspiring millions of children to embrace the path of science and technology.
The Nongstoin parking lot is under the jurisdiction of the Cantonment which is under the jurisdiction of the Army. and the rain only put the people in trouble.
It was decided to convene a public meeting on the 11th of this month at 7 Mer West Jaintia Hills District at 11 am to discuss these issues.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Deputy Registrar of the Meghalaya State Police (CID) has arrested the Deputy Registrar of the University of Meghalaya for information on the whereabouts of CM Jha.
It is therefore quite fitting that the first signature file after taking over is related to the welfare of the farmers.
especially the robbery of the property of the people in other nations.
At the same time, we would like to inform you that there have been many written discussions between the Ministry of Home Affairs and the Federation of Khasi States. many petitions written by the Chiefs of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo from time to time, and to call for the implementation of these treaties and promises as signed and approved, which remain. until this day.
“India is a very large country, where there are many religions, where there are many ethnic groups, different ways of life, different customs and traditions. India and its beauty, but we live in peace and those in power are to hold on to it and not to destroy it.
Speech was also delivered by Samla Pynshngainlang Nongkhlaw, President of Mawnianglah Youth Association who expressed his happiness that the youth of the village will have the opportunity to join the FKJGP. On the other hand, Samla Mac Donald Kharkongor, Vice President FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle, said that the FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle has been working hard to bring about many changes in the society. He welcomed the youth of Mawnianglah Village who are coming to join the FKJGP and said that the FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle and the Upper Shillong area as a whole is very fortunate because it has a. Kitboklang Nongphlang as an intelligent leader, who has grown in thought and who has received recognition and respect in India as a whole.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Waheh Shnong of Mowluber said that the village authority has already met many times with Diphu West Karbi Anglong District to strongly oppose the proposal to build the school. The village has already spoken face to face with the Father who runs the school of the Diphu Diocese but the talks have not reached any conclusion.
Geography 74%.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Mayborn said they are not satisfied with the outcome of the meeting as the officers cannot give any promise regarding their demand to promote the to salary.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of India (PCI) has informed and requested all churches to hold a special prayer for the state of Manipur on Sunday 30th November .
The CEC has decided not to hesitate and oppose the construction of the Umngot River as it affects the residents of Darrang Elaka and others especially as it affects tourism in the state and those who live from it. the river umngot that cultivates the fields near the river.
The Headmaster of the school, Bah W. Warjri, village leaders, teachers, students and the people of the area.
The Traffic Police Department has issued a public notice that some roads will be closed for vehicles during the four days of Durga Puja.
On the threat of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs to close down Lehska, Bah Lyngdoh said that after the Board took this decision, the Rangbah Shnongs have withdrawn their intention to protest. The Board also discussed the problems faced by the Board.
Pandey said the groups of CEOs should be vigilant to ensure the dignity of the elections and take strict action against those who violate it.
During these two days, the union has conducted a surprise raid on shops, restaurants, guest houses and also on newly constructed houses in Upper Shillong from 6 Mile to other areas. Mylliem, the Seng together with the Enforcement of KHADC has closed down many shops, restaurants and guest houses which are suspected to be operated by foreigners because they do not have any trading permits. License.
During her visit, she also discussed the management of the office, visited the Hospital in Shillong and also gave a speech to the officers and BSF personnel in Shillong.
I am concerned about the decline of the current rule of law.
Shillong, March 05: Shillong Police today raided the grounds of the Catholic Church in Nongshiliang to arrest Bah Anthony Kharlukhi but could not find him as he escaped.
On the part of the residents, they could not help but express their gratitude to Bah Titosstarwell.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Director of Animal Husbandry, Meghalaya today confirmed that it is not permissible to eat beef, at the same time it should be clean.
We must achieve more than in the past and at a faster pace.
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh, who is also the President of the Meghalaya State Hockey Association, inaugurated the camp in the presence of SHA and MSHA leaders. (SP News).
Interactive hands-on activities on both days further enhanced their learning, focusing on nurses’ responsibility to create a safe, patient-cantered surgical environment.
"I want to tell the young people here that you are the most important and you have a responsibility and it's not so much about getting a medal or winning an award but being a good role model for others," he said. .
The role of Syiem Longshai was taken by Banjop Leo Kharmalki, who gave himself so much that he did not hesitate to play the injured roles with the intention of becoming an example in the field of Khasi dance in the state.
There are 381 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 227 in Ri Bhoi, 46 in Ri Bhoi, 70,661 in the state. to this day.
In order to resolve these issues, the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya has urged the Home Minister to create opportunities to talk to the State Government on the need to i) Appoint a State Level Committee to including all groups especially the owners to discuss the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement in accordance with the letters of MHA to the Chief Secretary, dated 18th July 2012;  14 Oct 2014;   and ii) to urge the Government of India to appoint a High Powered Committee under the Union Cabinet Secretary, to finalize the agreements and commitments in accordance with the Instrument of Accession. and Annexed Agreement and to create mechanisms to resolve constitutional legal issues in accordance with the directives of the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes which sent a letter dated 26 April 2012 and 27 August 2014 (copy enclosed) and iii) to pass a special resolution and a bill in the Meghalaya Assembly to introduce the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement dated 17th August 1948, under Article 370 A for the purposes of Khasi States are located in the state of Meghalaya.
I extend my condolences to their families.
These were the issues highlighted on the second day of the International Tourism March 2022 in Aizawl.
Shillong, July 18: The Meghalaya Football Federation (MFA) has elected Bah Larsing Ming Sawyan, owner of Shillong Lajong, as the new president for the next four years. come.
We are looking forward to creating jobs under these themes: Worldwide, more than half (42%) of women and girls are not involved in finance-related jobs.
In the states of Panjab and Haryana, the farmers are those who have completed their education in agriculture.
This is in line with the Government of India's efforts to strengthen AVGC-XR activities in the country.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Streamly S Niangti urged the new members of the Seng to work hard physically and spiritually for the sake of the country and the nation without expecting personal gain which could lead to serious harm to the nation.
Reliza Begum has lodged a complaint with the police that on 8th June, robbers broke into her residence at Newalgre (WGH) and stole a gold necklace, two gold necklaces and you have to pay T.
All the members of CoMSO from Meghalaya, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur, Tripura and Mizoram attended the meeting. Shillong, June 29: The State President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya, Dr WR Kharlukhi, has denied the Congress' allegation that the NPP is like a sheep in sheep's clothing.
“At present, the border between Meghalaya and Bangladesh is very slow.
Pastor Crosslin Marbaniang conducted a special prayer and gifts were distributed to the children who have been raised in the orphanage.
There are 89 recoveries, 71 from East Khasi Hills, 12 from Ri Bhoi and
In this regard, they have already met with the Chief Minister and the Governor, but they have not taken any notice of their visit and will not take any protests.
Peter Keishing, father of Keishing Clifford Nongrum, said that the death of their son will encourage other youths to join the army to defend the country.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 27 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in Meghalaya. Jaintia Hills There are 412 cases in Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) on Saturday announced the names of the players who will represent the state in the Swami Vivekananda National Football Championship to be held at the Swami Vivekananda National Football Championship (Under-20) All India Football Federation (AIFF).
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that the T.25 lakh sent by the government is only to help those people who have urgent jobs because they don't have a house anymore.
These houses which burnt down today in the area are built of wood on top of the dewbilat house. The fire broke out in the early hours of the morning. the light of the fire is the water.
Speaking on the occasion, Garo Students Union (GSU) President Tengsak G Momin said that the Khasi, Garo and Jaintia people are one and the demand for ILP is to protect the ILP. nation from the invasion of foreigners.
Speaking at the meeting, the President of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers' Union (MAWU), Kong Marajune Myrsing, said that there will be no protest if the Government does not fulfill the promises demanded by the ASHAs. ASHAs demand that the State Government should increase the honorarium from T.2,000 to T.5,000. Expressing that ASHAs have the right to demand, Kong Myrsing said, “The Minister of Health and Family Welfare She said that the salary of ASHA workers is T.5,000 but she knows that the State Government pays us only T.2,000 which is only T.66 per day.
“Until now, not a single farmer has received 100 rupees from the FOFUS scheme of the MDA in Mawphlang.
In this regard, the union has asked the public whether the employees of the company in charge of the tower take action to inspect and repair the damaged towers? He said that the employees of the company have never come to see even once even after 10 years.
Answering questions, the PCCF said that he has not yet received a report from the DFO, but what he knows is that the mining in the area is according to the Mining Plan. The MMCR Rules have been approved by the Pollution and Environment Department.
And this statement is true , and he said that there are two parts that play a double role in the life of people , and he said that what is the role of a mother in the life of We human beings are born once and die once, and this is a subject that we have to understand. The Rangbah Shnong said that what happened twice is why they have to weigh the birth and why they weigh the dead . He added that before the birth of the child , no one called the village but the dead person and he called the name of the people, and said,
The President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit said this while speaking to reporters on the occasion of the 10th anniversary of the BJP government's currency exchange. .
Shillong, Jymmang 10: U Bah Skan Rani has sent his resignation letter to the General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Federation (HNYF) after 20 years.
“The contractor has started working and the rain has stopped.
Bah Kharbeteng , one of the elders , said that the desire for glory , the statement to promote , the emphasis on one 's own opinion without listening to the opinions of others and the attempt to create political differences to destroy, to destroy unity and solidarity should not have a place.
The areas where the JAC will work include Lyngiong, Tyrsad, Mawsynram, Lawbah and Balad.
Shillong, July 24: The Mawthadraishan Block Congress Committee (MBCC) has decided to renew all the office bearers of the Mawthadraishan Constituency from the 1st of June to the 31st of June. march.
She acknowledged the role of the media as protectors of human rights.
S.O.(E) 3310 issued on 25th November, 2020 allows the State Government to set the price of fines.
The Seng strongly condemns anyone who misleads the people, if found, the Seng will take the necessary action, said the statement.
“We are ready to talk to the PCF,” said Bah Dkhar.
“In 2022, the PHE department has installed water pipes to supply water to the village through the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS).
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club, he said that the Dorbar Shnong on 12/08/2019 has elected new office bearers of the VEC and has received the approval from the office of the BDO. Sohiong Block.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Department of Agriculture and Tourism will hold a nine-day Strawberry Festival from 5th to 13th June 2024 to promote tourism in the state.
Before entering politics, Bah Herbert Suchiang was a member of the Indian Audit and Accounts Services. The Cabinet of Ministers led by Bah DD Lapang as Prime Minister.
When contacted by SP News Agency, the villagers said that the earthquake happened on Friday night and the vehicle arrived at the scene at the time of the earthquake but no one was injured. what a tragic event.
These people have phoned some people from these two mobile numbers 9707606487 /
The complaint was lodged by Muktiar PT Sangma in the name of Flaming B Marak and seven others against the Secretary of GHADC Rikse R Marak on 16/03/2
Regarding this request of the union, the SDO has accepted the suggestion of the union and has been able to open this market at Mawksing on 03/06/2020 which falls under Wahpathaw Urksew village in Rum Pynursla. The market was inaugurated by the SDO of Civil Sub Division Pynursla in the presence of the elders.
He is survived by his wife, two daughters and a son.
The Parish Pastoral Council explained that what has been done for this holy place which is a place of prayer is due to the contribution of the faithful.
This is the first time that a large IASO conference has been held in the eastern part of India, and up to 300 infectious diseases doctors from all over the country have attended the conference.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Federation of Khasi States (FKS) has extended its special congratulations to Dr Mazel Amapreen Lyngdoh for bringing the IOA and AA to the Legislative Assembly today. , The Union of Hima, Districts in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
The HYC also requests all the Sengbhalang to support and cooperate with them.
A welcome speech was also delivered by Bah H.Lyngdoh and the program was enriched by songs by the students of the school.
Lawai said that the ring light of the people in Mawryngkneng village has reached 800 households and with the introduction of the poor scheme, the use of light in the village has increased. The village urges MeECL to complete this work for the benefit of the villagers.
Meanwhile, Assam has alleged that the people living on the border with Meghalaya have not registered their land. If the Assam government can do so, what is the problem for Meghalaya? has not taken responsibility for the problems of the people on the border with Assam.
Momin has sent a petition to the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi to demand that the Garo language should be included in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
If you work hard, God will bless you and your wealth will come,” said Kong Patricia.
It was the efforts of Prime Minister Duh to bring about women-led development.
He said that the measures taken in the early years of his Government, such as the self-attestation of documents and the conduct of interviews for the posts Group C and Group D of the Central Government have helped them. young.
This is surprising because the construction of this bridge which has been delayed for decades has not been taken responsibility by the city.
The General Secretary of the union, Bah FC Shullai, said that the government is also ready to discuss other demands of the union. let their rebellion be over.
Regarding the introduction of the motion of no confidence in the government according to Price Rule 133(1) 10 MLAs must stand in the House to pass the motion. bym Don't trust the government.
Chanchal Kumar, Secretary, North East Region Development Department today briefed the media on the first phase of the Uttar Purvi Mahotsav.
The people said together – Yes we too can bring about change, we should not be left behind.
These drugs have been ordered according to the demand of various districts and health centers across the state.
In each district there is a committee headed by the District Judge, to review these cases and if possible, these prisoners should be released on bail.
The injured were taken to hospital for treatment.
He urged the Dorbar Shnongs to think urgently to strengthen their Health Committees in the villages through SMS, WhatsAap or Telegram to announce and remind the villagers of the need to wash hands with soap and to provide the Village Census.
The books have already been handed over to those who have received the contract to print the books and it is expected that this month they have completed and in the first month of June the books have been sold to children and will not be affected as most of the schools will start 15/ June
At this meeting, Prof. David Syiemlieh handed over a book to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on the history of Meghalaya in the past 50 years.
In the petition, HITO also mentioned the rule of law between the Khasi and Garo and the Annexed Agreement between the Khasi chiefs and the central government.
The Prime Minister said that many of those who have returned have been appointed to health centers in health centers and other jobs, this is the beginning and the government will continue to provide more assistance from the government. remaining parts.
Shillong, July 12: Police today issued a notice that anyone who has found and knows the whereabouts of Ronesh Koch of Rangmati village in Ichamati should inform the police.
During the six-month term of Modi 2.0, the country has witnessed a memorable decision by the Supreme Court on Ayodhya, which paved the way for the construction of a huge Ram temple in “Ram Janmabhoomi”,.
The reduction in the tax on petrol and diesel will help people to travel more efficiently and this will help in increasing the income of the country. Petrol and Diesel will help the people.
The farmers also mentioned the kilo cut which is only in Meghalaya.
Shillong, March 03: The first meeting of the Khasi Council of Traditional Chiefs and Headmen (KHASI) was held in the presence of Syiems, Sirdars, Wahdadars, Ministers, Sordar Shnongs and Rangbah Shnongs under the jurisdiction of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. The District Council has gathered from all over the country at the dorbar bah which was held today at Madan Student's to elect the office bearers of this group according to the law.
With a sad spirit, the residents of the four villages of the village have turned out to protest against this crime of this man who has dared to take even the life of a human being as alleged. where he is now in police custody.
If this government cannot do anything good, the presidential rule will be established.
Shillong, March 28: U Jamil Ahamed, President of the Meghalaya State Unit of the Lok Janshakti Party (LJP) today announced the two candidates for the 2018 MLA election from Pynursla Constituency. Hills, Danis Tynsiar and Arelitha K Sangma of Selsella, West Garo Hills.
Also present on the occasion were Bah KW Marbaniang, Secretary Health and Family Welfare, Dr. R. Wankhar, DHS (MI), Dr. RO Budnah, DHS (R), Dr. B. Mawlong, Medical Superintendent , Shillong Civil Hospital and others.
The match was very interesting in which both the teams played hard but it was Mawkohphet Sports Club who won the match through a goal scored by Jonesjune Lyngkhoi.
Sending the letter, the Chief Engineer of the National Highway said that he had received a letter from the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly that he wanted to inspect the bridge.
Shillong, July 07: U Bah Disparsing Rani of the National League for Democracy (HNLC) today proposed to be the ksiang in the peace talks with the central government and the state government. “I see that the HNLC is doing politics, I cannot reject the HNLC's proposal to become a ksiang,” said Bah Disparsing. He said that if the HNLC wants to talk peace, it should be willing to wait.
Let us stand as one person to prevent this disease from spreading.
“We want to prevent these incidents and that is why we have issued this order and when it gets colder we will see,” she said.
On the other hand, the RPF has conducted searches at the railway stations where there have been many robbers.
Supporters of the National People's Party (NPP) have proposed the name of Dr. Metabh Chandee A. Sangma, wife of Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma, and the name of James K. Sangma. in the mid-term elections in Gambegre Constituency.
On the other hand, the Minister urged the people to take care of themselves to avoid many diseases.
He said that allowing the Cement Companies to mine and quarry stone not only damages the hills, rivers and forests but also destroys the beauty of the nature blessed by God.
On this occasion, he said that there will be awarding ceremony from the youngest children of the kur, the youngsters of the kur who have achieved success in their studies from Class I to those who have completed Master Degree higher and who scored 70% in their marks.
Also present on the occasion was Himalaya Shangpliang, Advisor to the Minister of Education, Government of Meghalaya.
This year's Miss Shillong contest has been more busy due to the lack of spectators due to the fear of this incident in Shillong these days due to the ILP protest. Dazzling Smile was won by Sarah Mynsong, Beautiful Hair was won by Nenem Suantak, Silki Skin and Beautiful Eyes was won by Sneha Biswa, Perfect Ten Won was won by Purabi Das and Potogenic. Ibakermen Lyngdoh won the title of Roll Model and Personality.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has urged the public to observe the measures taken to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in Meghalaya.
This year, as the government has allowed the celebration of Christmas, it has been seen that various churches have decorated their churches to beautify them and the government has also decorated the offices by installing lights. celebrate Christmas and to prepare for the welcome of the new year.
Don't force the members of the party and don't commit unfounded sins because we cannot accept such attempts to hate and attack from behind or to take advantage of the members of the party.
Mawkyllei, November 06: The Kur Lyngdoh Nonglait today held a celebration to commemorate the death anniversary of Phan Nonglait who fought against the French with Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem. between 1829 and 1833 under the Nongkhlaw Hima.
He said that with the support of the community, we will be able to fight against these crimes and with the introduction of this Act in the Khasi language it will ensure that it will reach every household of the villages. and no one shall be free from the chains of the law.
It is more surprising to see that the MLA of the area , Bah Shanbor Shulai , supports and approves to name the road Nongwei . the opinion of the Greater Laban Society.
Other members of the committee are Holan Kharmawlein for Umpung, Lovingstar Thongny for Phlangmawprah and D Wanniang for Mawpud.
All shops have been ordered to close at 8.00 pm, restaurants and food outlets have been ordered to close at 9.00 pm, while liquor shops and liquor outlets have been ordered to close at 9.00 pm. the government shall issue another law.
Referring to the MDA government, John said that Ernest should not speak wisely because at the BJP meeting held in Imphal, it has decided to support the Conrad government in this regard. Meghalaya to continue to form this government until the end of the five years, said Bah JA Lyngdoh in a statement sent to reporters.
With this announcement, it is prohibited to gather more than three people in one place from that time onwards.
In this cycling race, the participants had to turn around the Malki Forest by climbing to the Shyllong Hill and back again.
The demand to introduce adequate measures to prevent the illegal entry of mynder is the demand of many churches before the construction of the railway line.
This was ordered after receiving information that there is a riot in Motphran, Mawkhar and surrounding areas and as it seems that there may be a threat to this order. come immediately.
After recognizing someone the next day, he arrived at Nongpoh and said that he does not remember anything about the incident and how he arrived at Nongpoh. also the money from his body.
The Commanding Officer of the 61st Meghalaya Girls Bn.
The death rate in the state is 0.94%.
MPCC President Vincent H. Pala has strongly criticized the speech of VPP President Ardent Basaiawmoit at one of the meetings held by the Tymmen Basan. donkti not distribute kiad.
Dr Aman said that instead of explaining and making the people aware, this is misleading the people. He said that the state government has its own rules and they will implement those rules. The State Government has not.
The increasing receipt of counterfeit money by the people will make them no longer trust them to deposit money in banks as this affects the people especially the low income households because it is money. He said that the receipt of counterfeit money even from ATM machines has been shocking and he was surprised how SBI trusts the agents who deposit money in the ATM machines. On the other hand, Bah NP Muktieh has sent a thousand rupees to the Mawlai Police Station to punish those involved in the deposit of these counterfeit money.
On the other hand, the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit expresses its anger and disapproval of such actions of the Assam government in the border areas of Ri Khasi.
Therefore, those who are eligible to receive this award are requested to submit their mark sheets and residential certificates to one of these offices of the organization, Mawkyrwat, Pongkung and Jaiaw, before the 31st of this month. March 2016.
It is also necessary to accept that the Clear Power cannot issue an order if the subject matter of the Clear Power order is included in the Constitution.
The party strongly warns the foreigners that if they do so, the party will not stand idly by if this happens again.
Because of their presence in those areas, they have not been able to curb the infiltration of Bangladeshis into the state.
In a meeting with the KSU leaders, the DC informed the KSU leaders that she has suspended the land search and has informed the higher authorities in this regard. task.
At the same time, the union requests the Rangbah Shnongs and Village Leaders in Ri-Bhoi to be vigilant against the entry of foreigners or those who come to sell their goods. them, one too in order to get rid of adultery.
The KSU said that the health center will not affect the people of the area especially the poor.
After this, he inspected the Lummawsing road in Mawtawar, which needs to be repaired and also the Lumsohphoh road, which falls under Mawsiatkhnam village, which the DS Mawsiatkhnam has long wanted to be completed. , but it has not been realized to date.
The BSF has seized T.54.4 lakh worth of smuggled goods to Bangladesh in the past month alone, most of which are 215 cows. typically.
Referring to the government's initiatives for research in these fields, Minister Duh said that many new labs have been opened by the ICMR. for prevention and treatment.
“At present, the Women's Organization has 31 Units of Women's Organizations from different villages.
Police from Sadar Police Station on Thursday recovered a human skull from a well at Oakland Road, Shillong.
The Ranikor and South Tura constituencies had to hold mid-term elections after Martin M Danggo and Agatha K Sangma resigned from their posts as MLAs.
On the other hand, the Chief Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, said that if there is any problem regarding the traffic jam, the public can report to the Police Control Room, 0364-2 -2222215 mobile 6009196479.
In Maharashtra, RRTs have been deployed and slaughter of chickens has started in all the affected areas.
Regarding the opening of places of worship, the government has closed as decided at a meeting held on the 9th of this month in the presence of religious leaders from all over the country. will continue until further notice.
They also said that the policies of the Government related to the pharmaceutical industry will help them a lot.
In his speech, Bah Adelbert said that as young people we should have our own responsibility for our own lives, but if young people lose half their lives it will be a great loss. He urged the youth to take care of themselves to bring peace to the nation.
On the other hand, Dr Vivedita Borthakur said that as of now, they are under pressure to withdraw the complaint but she will not hesitate to resolve the issue. It wants such incidents not to happen again, it wants the management of the Delhi Golf Club to be changed and the spirit of slavery should be abolished.
These people should not be allowed because this is something unpleasant, because the people of KHADC are doing for the good of our people that we should not allow others. They come to set up any business without licenses and they don't fulfill their duties but these robbers shoot and injure them.
The Governor and Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, Union Ministers Dr Mansukh Mandaviya and Dr Mahendra Nath Pandey, State Ministers and dignitaries were present on the occasion.
Lapang said the area has a population of more than 2000 people, and Mawdem is the first Presbyterian Church in Ri Bhoi district since 1868 which has been in existence for 151 years. , but the road remains the same and many educated people have left the village.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, RM Kurbah, said that Iongkhuli village which falls under Umling Block falls under Ri Bhoi District but the Assam police came to block the village. erection of electrical posts inside this village.
This book hopefully will make it easier for readers, leaders, government authorities, civil society, schools to learn more about this issue.
On the same day, the Minister also launched two books – the Concise Dictionary and the Hindi-Khasi-Garo-Jaintia Concise Dictionary.
The police followed him for a while before arresting him.
However, the efforts are still going on to urge the Government to fulfill the aspirations of the people of the state.
Shillong, November 27: There are 59 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced.
The winners will receive 100,000 tyngka, the second 50,000 tyngka and the third 40,000 tyngka and other prizes.
John F Kharshiing, Chairman of KDKNBH, urged the Hima Nongsynshar to urge the children of the thousands in their Raid and Hima Villages especially the Village Nongsynshar to take action against this war. Covid19 disease.
Shri A.Nongbri, MCS, ADC, EWKH District, Prof. (Dr.) Dibyendu Paul, Department of Education, Education Rtn Vivek Kumar, Vice President, Nongkhlaw, Shillong, was also present on the occasion.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The 22nd Kur Warjri Dorbar was held at Mawkneng with the participation of thousands of Kur Warjri.
All the applicants will have to go through various procedures and the government will have scrutinized each and every application.
Shillong, November 04: Four new districts in Meghalaya will have Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalayas, namely East Jaintia Hills, South West Khasi Hills, North Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills.
In the video message, Sohan said they want the Indian government to hear by saying “" and ""
: The mutka is the shruh; it is the village of the rijied that has been planted for a long time.
In South Garo Hills, 2 civilians, in West Garo Hills, 15, 7 from the army and 8 from the civilian population.
The meeting will be attended by the Chief Ministers of the region, Union Ministers and expert speakers in the field of trade. Events.
Regarding the salary of adhoc teachers, in LP Schools it is T.12000/- for UP Head Teacher, T.18,000/- for Assistant Teacher and T.20,000/- for Secondary Schools. The payment is rolling throughout the state and this payment is effective from 1st November
The KSU demands that compensation and treatment should be paid to these injured youths as they are now in critical condition and the government needs to act urgently.
During the operation, the BSF troops rescued 93 muid.
There are those who even if they get help from the MLAs/MDCs, they count themselves as selfish and reduce what they give to put something in their own budget.
According to the report (RTI.) received from the office of the CFO of the district council, it is clear that the gate was set up only to check the entry of goods from the area but these employees of the district council took advantage. However, by collecting money from the traders such as rnga, synsar, syiang and maw ki dieng as well as in fact any gate before collecting money should have the authority of the High Court or the Supreme Court but the J.H.A.D.C has been involved.
To protect us the minorities who are the indigenous people of the state, the ILP is necessary to protect us from the threat of the illegal infiltration of mynder into the state, especially the influx of foreigners. “They have the opportunity to do the work that the villagers or the countrymen can do in their own right such as wage labour, trade and others,” said Bah Majaw.
Professor DRL Nonglait said that the decision to seek clarification from the office of Amit Shah is because even after meeting with KAS, it has not received a reply. The Khasi language is not spoken.
At this meeting, Ms Mawkhiew gave a condolence to the President of India. This death is a loss to the nation as a whole. condolences to your children and family.
The KSU urges the Director's office to take action on this issue and ensure that the school can reopen in 2021 after 14 years of closure.
The union has no objection to anyone but has gone to close down the bank just for the sake of opening on this holy day, when the state government has also given a public holiday on this day. Why does this church disrespect the religion of Christians?
Shillong, Jymmang 09: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh EM in charge of the Town Committee of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today convened a meeting of the EMs to discuss the government's announcement to hand over the powers to the District Councils. permission to build houses on land within the jurisdiction of District Councils.
The BSF also seized the saris while the robbers were smuggling them to Bangladesh from the border.
141 groups from all walks of life, especially those from the poor and needy, attended these two-day public meetings.
The purpose of the meeting was to ensure that the union should not go to other places as it had said in the speech of the prime minister that it should be held in Mawlai.
The purpose of this is to provide media facilities for the people in the border areas who are currently having difficulty in accessing telephones.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation into the incident.
The HITO said that even the parties can violate the law while the people have been fined by mistake. The HITO also demanded that the government should return all the money it has fined the people during the curfew and during the curfew. Shillong, March 28: The owner of a mobile shop in Motphran, Motphran, has been arrested for allegedly stealing a mobile phone from the shop. You have been robbed and your mobile phone has been stolen from the shop.
The KHNAM Youth Wing strongly condemns such actions by the relevant authorities.
These are easy to say, but not easy to implement, this can only be done if we work together and this collaboration is happening now with the cooperation of the Marwaris, Rangbah Shnongs, there are many others. There are also others who have not asked for permission but have said that they will go ahead to provide assistance.
According to information received, the new district, which has not yet been named, will include the two constituencies of Mariang and Mawthadraishan which fall under the West Khasi Hills District.
After the reply, Lajong started to get encouraged and continued to play chess and in the 34th minute, Takuto Miki scored the second goal to take the lead. the score was 2-1.
It is also worth mentioning that in the most difficult areas, the State Government has directed the Village Health Councils (VHCs) to bring in trained Nurses (if any), who can serve. sha you society society.
With an estimate that each job creates employment opportunities for at least two people, it can be said that these jobs provide income opportunities to more than 10 crore people.
Furthermore, the teachers of the College on this day explained to the new students how they should do to reach the goal of success in their goals when they go to study at the college. College.
Regarding the MMMRFM, 2022, the Minister said it is clear that the working groups that implemented the MMMRFM, 2022 were previously nine working groups that can implement it, but now what the Cabinet is doing is that They have also appointed the Biodiversity Board to be one of the groups responsible for implementing the MMMRFM,
This statement was sent by Mr. Titus Kyndait, Publicity Secretary VEC Iongkaluh.
The opening of the Administrative Unit by Mukul Sangma has been an insult to the public as it has been opened by a person who doesn't need to be fed.
Shillong, Nailar 03: Assam police have now shown their strength on the border of Meghalaya and Karbi Anglong District in Umwang area of ​​Ri Bhoi District.
There are 72 recoveries today, the total number of recoveries so far is 3940, the number of samples taken so far is 1,48298, those who tested negative are 1,428
Standhope Principal Secretary Yuhlung said.
Gujarat Chief Minister Bhupendra Patel, Gujarat Governor Acharya Devvrat, Union Sports Minister Anurag Singh Thakur, Member of Parliament, CR Patil, Gujarat Defense Minister Ahmedabad Mayor Harsh Sanghavi and Ahmedabad Mayor Kirit Parmarki attended the meeting.
In May 2016, we met with the Director of Health Services and the then Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek to demand that the Government should to take over this PHC, to repair this PHC, to bring back the staff of this PHC who have been taken abroad and to open this PHC for the people of this area from Langpa, Phlamgdiloin, Warsanlyngdoh They have to travel tens of kilometers to get treatment at the nearest PHC and CHC and this has caused a lot of trouble to the people of this area.
? How many more will lose their lives so that the State Government and the Central Government will hear the cries of the non-tribals in Meghalaya? “Will a father who kills his own child just because of the KSU robbers get justice? The CWC has admitted that the incident occurred after a rally against the Citizenship Amendment Act organized by the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and other political parties in Ichamati. news of the media.
The AJYWO has also decided to meet with the DC, East Jaintia Hills District, today to discuss with him regarding the registration of Aadhaar Card in the district. Shillong, could not be reached for comment, so the party will meet with him again in the coming days.
Therefore, we urge the public to come forward to participate in these public hearings," he said.
Furthermore, there are more than 50 different types of business start-ups.
Lum Tyngngaw is a tall mountain and surrounded by beautiful scenery and besides this mountain you can see Mawsynram, Um-Ngi, Kynshi, many villages of South West Khasi Hills. Hills.
All these schools which have been improved by the government are the Lower Primary Schools of the Government in the rural areas which have really needed to be improved. to the students.
Rynjah, Bailen Marwein and Biartimon Khongsti.
Investors and collaborators.
The union wants to know whether the JHADC is implementing this Act and how many of those Non-Tribals have this License.
II).
Along with Bah Kharbani, Bah Maitar Marwein, an exporter, was also arrested from whom he received T.2.5 lakh. Other arrested include Synshar Thongni, a member of the HNLC. Briang Tonhwah, a former member of the HNLC, was arrested.
He urged the drivers of this vehicle to use it properly and not to misuse it or for the personal gain of anyone.
As the women's organizations in the party, we will work together to strengthen the party and to ensure that there will be cooperation from the women's organizations in the state, district and constituencies.
The minister said the police should investigate the crimes.
He said that the Minister has also said that she will visit the site to build the training center for the youth of the area in Sohpian. On the 2nd of December 2013, the Department will visit the site before implementing the budget.
These meetings will be held as part of raising awareness among the people on the impact of CAB and also to invite the people together with the Dorbar Shnongs, Youth Organizations, Women's Organizations and so on to distribute take part in the struggle against this law which could destroy the Khasi people.
Nongpoh, Nailar 14: The Independence Day Run was organized by the office of the District Sports Officer (DSO), Ri-Bhoi District and the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of Ri-Bhoi District.
The construction of hotels is in the hands of the private sector but the Central Government through the Ministry of Tourism has directed all the State Governments to take measures to improve this. tourism in their respective states.
“We believe that the full development of children is the most important and the middle part of all, and the IIBF is proud to support these initiatives taken for the benefit of children from an early age in Meghalaya.
The five persons arrested by the police are Broswel Pyngrope, Elbinus Mylliemngap, Sanil Mylliemngap, Rani Kharumnuid, Mildret Kharumnuid, Khrawbor Kharumnuid and Johny Kharumnuid. all from Mawting.
Not only the people but also the police have worked hard day and night to manage the traffic despite the poor condition of the road,” said Bah SS Niangti General Secretary KSU-JHDU. I urge the people of Meghalaya and North East India to support us in these two evenings so that the government will listen to our demand to improve all parts of this country. The roads have been badly damaged and have affected the traffic of the people,” said Bah Julius Nongtdu, President of the HNYF-EJZ. (SP News).
On this occasion, Prafulla Kr.
Financial assistance to NGOs will be based on their schemes and the applications will be reviewed by the District Level Empower Committee and the decision of this committee will be final.
Regarding the Health Sub Center at Sohphoh, the Seng found that the Health Sub Center has turned into a shynrong without being implemented since it was completed and the people in the area. Mawhati PHC Umsning CHC. This has affected the people for hours especially because of the bad road.
The group led by Barilang Pyngrope has submitted a petition to the Secretary Home (Police) Bah Cyril V. Diengdoh.
He said that the PIL has already been filed in the Supreme Court, and it should have sent a letter to the Central Government and on 22nd July 2020 the Supreme Court will hear these PILs. complain to their group and others.
The truth is that if you don't get the recognition, you won't be respected.
“Replying to the incident, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that he had received information and immediately informed the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that people from different states who were on these trains have been affected by this tragic incident.
While walking upstairs, only one voice was heard in which people greeted Happy Christmas and Merry Christmas along with gifts to their friends with Christmas cards and other gifts as a celebration of this day. great.
H.E.Dr.Hasan Mahmud expressed his gratitude to Anurag Singh Thakur for welcoming him and the delegation to discuss issues related to both the countries and cooperation.
The suspension of development works in this area is also due to the increasing curfew which has also disrupted development works. the region in backwardness.
During the meeting, the DC was informed that all the villages have complied with the directive of the central government and the state government that the people should not leave their homes during the curfew. The vehicles running at midnight will cause problems to the residents of the area which has about 30 villages.
Police are conducting investigation to track down the perpetrators.
Referring to the former General Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Cheris Thangkhiew, Dr Mukul said that the government has not yet given any clarification. they come to surrender the government accepts them but their crimes are tried according to the law.
During the meeting with the Union Minister which lasted for 10 hours, the discussion was on two issues, one is not to destroy the environment and the other is to get the coal miners. adequate protection.
“No other program like this has brought so much improvement in improving the lives of individuals and families physically, mentally and financially," he said.
The government has also sought the support of the DEA of the NITI Aayog of the central government.
Sangma said there are some schools which teach in the mother tongue, from Class-1 to Class-V, but with this new arrangement, the translation will also be brought about in the language.
The government's thew center can issue certificates of thew in respect of Mawshun, coal and other commodities for a period of one year until further notice.
Shillong, Feb 18: The drivers of coal trucks on NH-62 and 37 have demanded that the Meghalaya and Assam governments should remove all the illegal toll gates. ha these streets.
The patient is currently in the Quarantine Center of the Government.
The faithful took part in the procession with prayers and songs to pray and praise the Lord Jesus, in which the Holy Sacrament was carried and conducted in this procession with the believers of the church.
The first complaint was lodged with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills in November after a group of Karbi accompanied by the Assam Police damaged thousands of trees. in Tahpat through the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA).
Dr Dinesh Baishya, Dean of Media Sciences, said it is wrong to judge private universities by their character just because they cannot meet the needs of the people.
Shillong, July 28: The supporters of Bah Sunshine Makri of Umsning MLA Constituency have formed the Umsning Constituency People's Forum to support him to contest the 2023 MLA elections.
The General Secretary of FKJGP was summoned to appear at Sardar Police Station today on a complaint related to Laitlumkhrah Police Station.
If the Government of India does not want them to fight, it must immediately stop violating human rights.
The Union Home Minister congratulated all the groups and individuals who are fighting against drugs.
He said that the government will first talk to GVK Company on the 5th of this month to see if they can agree.
The closing ceremony of the North East Festival will be held in Guwahati.
“I don't want to be a sohpdung, if anything happens to the government of Dr Mukul Sangma, he will be looked after. .
Bringing more forest areas under the jurisdiction of the Kuno National Park; providing additional staff; the establishment of the Cheetah Protection Force; The provision of a second habitat for cheetahs at Gandhi Sagar Wildlife Sanctuary, Madhya Pradesh is underway.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Commissioner of Transport and Transport, Meghalaya, today informed the public that the weighbridge at 13 Miles Tamulkuchi in Ri Bhoi District has been recognized by the government.
According to the figures, up to 2 crore registrations have been made in November alone.
Activities to attract people include the Swachhata Pledge, Swachhata campaigns and people's participation, cleanliness in offices (in conjunction with the DAPRG's special campaign 3.0), roads and railway stations, areas near airport, tourist attractions.
At this meeting, they will discuss how to select the beneficiaries of this benefit and also how the Dorbar Shnongs can assist the government in the implementation of this special scheme of the central government. This scheme does not have the BPL rule.
The social agreement is a key milestone in achieving the goal of Prime Minister Narendra Modi for a peaceful, prosperous and free North Eastern region. for in Assam.
According to these four persons, the BSF troops had stopped the people who wanted to go to Dawki and for this reason there was a protest by the people against the BSF. The crowd gathered on the road and turned to the BSF camp near Umsyiem.
Due to the hard work of the Railway Department, all the power plants and petrol depots have enough stock even after the lockdown due to COVID-1
Dozens of villages have been affected by the collapse in Borsora, Nongjri, Kulang, Maheskhola, Khonjwai and many others.
Answering questions, Robert said that if the government does not want the ILP, it can pass any law but three rules must exist, one is to ban the ILP. The second is to have the power to punish illegal immigrants and the third is that foreigners should not stay more than 179 days. .
On the other hand, the former CEM said, “I have resigned because I know that when the government changes, it will also change in the District Councils.
The strike was called today after the central government refused to talk to the union leaders on their four demands for the benefit of the employees and the workers. government departments that bun jaid.
I and my colleagues came to the UDP from the perspective of being a leader and able to carry out activities from the circle to the units.
“I am sure that anything involved with the Assam Rifles will be successful.
Regarding this protest, the East Jaintia Hills District Police have rushed to the scene to stop the protest.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng will hold a Common Platform for all the candidates to contest the MDC election from Sohryngkham Constituency this month.
Those who accompanied Pa,im Ainam Syiem on this occasion were the Ministers of the Hima, Basan and Lyngdoh, whose family members and elders of the Hima were present. .
Through this news, the union strongly warns all these authorities and especially the brokers and selfish people not to send foreigners to trade in the Laskein block (Raliang district) and and to not count troin our fellow citizens who live in these areas who will be relocated later.
Four Police Medals were awarded to SI Anurag Ranjan, HC Abdul Hamid, CT Amarjeet Singh and CT Navjot Singh. The insurgents who wanted to enter India from Pakistan and with their courage were able to prevent the infiltration of India.
On this occasion, the bank also donated blankets to the God's Dream House in Langkyrding. there are 41 people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: U Bah Hamarsing Kharmar, Secretary in charge of Traditional Dress, Seng Khasi Mawkhar Shillong, today said that the festival will be held on the 19th and 20th of this month.
On the part of the village, she praised the MLCU for being able to provide such treatment to the people in this village which is far from the health centers as it is too far away.
In the complaint, Bah Dkhar said that the company has been operating in the district without the permission of the government authorities (SP News).
In this regard, the state government has sent another reminder to the central government as no reply has been received from the central government yet. There are 3461 EDCs.
“The Congress which is leading the state government has tried to abolish the District Council on the grounds that it is not able to hold the post and the people understand that the Congress does not want to contest MDC elections anymore. now”, said Bah Shylla.
Participants should be in groups. The prizes will be 1st – 10000 (Twenty thousand), 2nd – 7000 (Nine thousand) and 3rd – 5000 (Five thousand).
He has been appointed as a Mechanic Motor Vehicle Inspector at Shillong Industrial Training Institute, Rynjah since
The construction of the temple started after legal actions and a decision of the highest court of the country.
Jowai, Naiwieng 12: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Sengkmie has decided to temporarily suspend the Circle of Narpuh Circle. There are some who are like selfish groups and who violate the Constitution of the Union.
Regarding the contractors, they have to provide the names of the contractors who import from abroad and if any contractors do not comply with the law, the private sector or civil society organizations should inform the government and the government will take action. Individuals cannot take any decision in their own hands.
Through this incident, it was also seen that many of the water supply stations are empty, without any adequate and safe security measures.
Another attraction for the crowd was the Air Force Band, a victory band played by the Air Force.
Shillong, Lber 30: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the main goal of his government is that government departments should not work without notice. have consultation to reach a strategic goal.
Late applications will not be accepted.
Secretary, MSCSO; Mr. Cheerful Ryngkhlem and Mr. DL Rymbai, Chairman and Genl.
According to the soskular signed in 2007, although the state government has not received electricity from the NTPC, the electricity department will have to pay Rs 11 crore per annum to the NTCP. I am surprised at the decision of the government in 2007 to ban the social agreement in those years and the present government to ban even the purchase of electricity from other companies. and causes problems to the people in the state.
All these arrests were made on the night of the end of the night curfew of the civil society across the state.
Regarding the government's failure to pay the benefits to women and those with disabilities, they have been calling for the money that belongs to them for a year. feeling for those in the midst of destitution.
The Prime Minister said that the police have a daily relationship with the people and are the source of peace, at the same time he urged the people to refrain from evil deeds.
Shillong, Naitung 04: Phida Dkhar, who is in charge of the mental health treatment at the Civil Hospital Shillong and the youths who have become addicted to drugs, said that only those who have gone to register at the center have about 2000 people in Shillong.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong, she said that there is discrimination against women, but in the past women did not understand, now with the change of time they have started to understand and the vision. that many who come to complain do not understand their rights.
The issues faced by the Railway Department at terminal points in loading and unloading operations have been resolved.
Shillong, June 22: The salary of the deficit teachers including the arrear DA of 62 percent and 70 percent for the month of June 2014 is still pending at the Treasury Office although in fact the DSEL office has It will be released before 31st October
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: Police on Tuesday night arrested the President of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM), Bah Lamphrang Kharbani from his residence in Upper Shillong.
These 370 personnel are 54 BSF personnel, two Meghalaya Police personnel who have sacrificed their lives in the fulfillment of their duties and others. it is from other armed forces of the country.
Prominent personalities in various fields and community representatives were invited for the programme.
Shillong, June 14: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the government has decided that the HSSLC examination will continue as usual. organized by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE).
When it comes to the Khasi people, it is found that they are very rich in stories and legends, such as the story of Lum Sohpetbneng.
Although the union has not yet given any conclusion whether there was a fire or not because on that day they could not reach all the places due to the heavy rain on that day but one thing they know is clear. long that there is a light, and when there is a light, there is no doubt.
Shillong, Lber 14: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, CA Lyngwa, today said that they have received a tip that Rika Rossetta Pakyntwien, 59, resident of Upland, has been arrested. Road Laitumkhrah has been closed since
This congestion is predictable as about 13 new cars and 14 new motorcycles are introduced every day, according to 2021 data from the Ministry of Transport.
Also present on the occasion were Ohibait Dkhar, SS Niangti, Shaniahskem Dkhar, Banjop Raliang, Phrangki Papang, Chanbor War and Incharge of KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit. Sample Rueben Najiar.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) will hold its General Executive Council (GEC) on the 15th of this month at 11 am at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar.
Police are conducting further investigation into the incident.
On the other hand, the DC said that everyone should follow the guidelines issued by the government and the health department of the state government.
Shillong, July 16: Many drivers have been involved in road accidents and injuries due to speeding.
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, the family members of the nine families have sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to urge the authorities to The government has ordered them to stop the search for them which is still going on.
"“We demand an immediate resolution so that the three communities can be represented and not offend anyone.
If you have any information, please contact us at 022-23791619/ 09619122222 and
Shillong, Lber 16: The Meghalaya BJP Kissan Morcha, led by Bah Ralden Bryan Shabong and Bah Durut Majaw, on Tuesday held a training on modern agriculture at Markasa village.
The candidates who have already filed their nomination papers for the CEM election in KHADC are Grace Kharpuri of PDA and Bah HS Shylla of KHDA. The resignation of the Chairman of the Governor of Meghalaya has been scheduled for tomorrow.
Seeing this, the police opened fire on the vehicle and three persons were injured. After the incident, the crowd came out and burnt down three vehicles, one vehicle. A police gypsy, a Jeep Thaar, a fire truck, a mini truck and a bike belonging to the government, a Maruti car and a private bike were also stolen. go away.
At the same time, to instill the spirit of patriotism, all the schools in the area were urged to sing the song “Ri Khasi Ri Khasi” before opening the school. .
Government offices are open and only banks are closed.
Treepon Sangma, Secretary ADSETPCAT, said that the High Court has already found that there is a delay in the appointment of teachers and the government has appointed the HSLC to investigate how it has been appointed. to be having to reinvestigate what the government has appointed itself.
On the basis of the complaint received, the police have launched an investigation to find out who was involved in the robbery. perpetrator of this crime.
The HPU has asked the EE of PWD Mawsynram whether there is not enough funds to build a sub-way. way so that the public can travel on foot and vehicles as well.
On the other hand, the MLA of Nongkrem Constituency, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit together with the residents of Rngi Shyllong, on this morning, turned to the scene to demand that the army should immediately stop the fighting. this is the border.
According to the Director General of Police, Dr. LR Bishnoi, police have seized T.15 lakh, 20,000 liters of heroin and 570 grams of gold. , 238 heroin, 5 kilograms of cannabis and 7 vehicles.
Himalaya, in the presence of George B Lyngdoh, said the government should stop this practice of transferring government employees at will.
This will happen on January 11, 2024 at about 8 pm.
Shillong, July 25: U Bah KP Pangniang EM in charge of the Elaka Department today said that the land dispute between the Hima, Raid and Elaka has arisen because they do not have a proper boundary. The Council has worked hard on this issue to gather the Chief Executive Members of the District Council to determine the boundaries of the Hima along with the Map.
Remembering the Credit Outreach Program across the country, Meghalaya will also conduct this in all districts to inform people about borrowing opportunities and enrollment under various Government schemes.
The 103rd Computer Training Course was held today at the Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Center Shillong.
“It was only in 2018 when the MDA government came to power that they started questioning the ban on coal mining for the benefit of the people,” he said. Garo Hills.
The households have not received schemes like PMAY (BPL houses), NREGA (Job cards), RATION CARD, IHHL (Latrines), Pension and others because no one has taken action to help them on the ground.
Speaking to reporters, Pangniang said that according to Para 12(A)(b) if the President of India, if he has the will, he can issue the laws of the Central Government. They shall not work in the areas under the seventh category in the state.
UL Mohanti, Inspector General, Meghalaya Frontier BSF and other officers of the BSF in the presence of troops from the Assam Regiment were present to witness the match.
It is obvious that the people have come to attend the party meetings and it is now up to the party to look into it. Amit Shah and other government ministers came but won only two seats.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare said that the mother had returned from Delhi with her husband and both of them had undergone quarantine.
The Government has adjusted T 33,423 crore to CGST and T 26962 crore to SGST from IGST.The total revenue collection of the Central Government and State Governments in the month of June 2022 after the adjustments is T 66,582 crore for CGST and T 68,755 crore for SGST. Revenues for the month of June 2022 have increased by 20% compared to GST revenues in the same month last year.
IIM Shillong produces bright students who continue to receive the Aditya Birla Scholarship, the most prestigious scholarship in the country.
The celebration of Women's Day was organized by the Unitarian Church. The speakers said that to protect women, the churches should come forward to speak out about this truth.
“Although the Executive Engineer has explained that the funds for the construction of the road will be received, Kong Bindas replied, “I have been reluctant to listen to the statement. you will get.
Stephen A.Rynjah, Superintendent of Police, Tura, has been transferred to the post of Superintendent of Police, East Garo Hills District, Billy Graham Marak, Commandant of 5th MLP Bn, Samanda. Banraplang Jyrwa, Additional Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills, has been promoted as Deputy Commandant of 6th MLP Bn, Umran.
Those employees who have not yet been vaccinated have to show an RTPCR test every 72 hours to enter the workplace for their own safety as NEIGHRIHMS hospital has been designated as a place where they cannot be vaccinated. bit this pain.
On the Governor's resumption of the Bill to the State Government, Bah Shylla said that the Governor has done according to the procedure, but if it is sent to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government, there will be no procedure. The KHADC has passed the Bill under the provisions of the Constitution of India under Article 29 under Clause (I) which clearly states that The KHADC has acted in accordance with the rules of law.
The HITO leader in Ri Bhoi District said that the district authorities should ban heavy vehicles from passing through this bridge so that it will not cause any problem to the people. what a tragic event.
The Behdeinkhlam ceremony started with the Kyntin Khnong ceremony at the Langdoh's residence followed by the Bam Tyngkong ceremony. the Pator, the Sangot, and the Magi.
Tura, March 3: The Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, today addressed a meeting held in Tura on the demand for the implementation of ILP in Meghalaya.
Bah SD Khongwir said that as a sign of respect to this great man who was born and raised in Mawlai, he advised all the churches that have school in Mawlai that if they cannot give a full day leave, they should give a half day leave so that the children and teachers can go and take part.
The most important issues that the jaidbynriew needs to deal with are the border, the Inner Line Permit and the Khasi language. and the dreams shall be fulfilled.
To take the decision to dissolve the Seng in this area, one has to think twice whether the Village Authority can help.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Indian Red Cross Society, Shillong today celebrated the World Red Cross Day at Raj Bhavan with the Governor of Meghalaya RS Mooshahary as its President.
The injured CRPF personnel were taken to Down Town Hospital Guwahati for treatment.
At the same time, she calls upon those Sengbhalang leaders who have been arrested by the government authorities to join hands with the HNLC to fight against the government with guns for the sake of the people. .
Those are the wound marks that await our state," he argued.
This illegal trade by the exploiters has affected the income of the indigenous people and has increased the number of foreign infiltrators.
Others who attended the meeting were DC of West Garo Hills Pravin Bakshi, DC of South West Garo Hills CVD Diengdoh and other government officials.
Jowai, June 09:Five political parties from Jaintia Hills, including the AJYWOSKmie, KSU-JHDU, SRS-EJH, HNYF-EJZ and FKJGP Khliehriat Circle, which in fact should have announced a strong protest After the public meeting in Khliehriat to force the government to repair the NH 44, they had to suspend their protest because of the MP election. and the curfew of the HNLC and the KJP Assembly service this month at Moolang Church, East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, June 26: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA of 18-Shillong North on Tuesday said that the government should not ignore the demands of the Harijans in Mawlong Market, but should relocate them.
On this occasion, almost all the branches of FKJGP congratulated Bah Joe Marwein who has worked for many years in many fields.
It took the TSDRF 10 hours to extinguish the fire. There were no casualties in the fire.
Speaking to media, Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, said that the government has no responsibility for this incident. The question to the Minister in charge of Land Department is that they want to know what the government has done.
Of the 230 brands on the 28% list, almost 200 brands have been moved to the lighter lists.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today invited all the ruling MLAs to a meeting at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar.
New Delhi, Lber 22: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu, has awarded the Padma Shri to Risingbor Kurkalangna of Meghalaya at the Civil Investment Ceremony held here today.
It is regrettable that the Waheh Shnongs who have syrnod these foreigners are very stingy and we demand from the District Council to take action and improve the rules and regulations in this regard”.
Shillong, November 08: U Bah Budlang Passah and Bah Louis Sohtun, members of the Shillong Municipal Board, have lodged a complaint with the police on the 7th of this month. They protested against the blockade of the Magistrates and employees of the Shillong Municipal Board, while they were doing the work of blocking the land vendors according to the order of the Meghalaya High Court.
According to the report, about seven contract employees of the Transport Department in South Garo Hills have allegedly not received their salaries for more than two years and one of the employees has died without receiving his salary. of more than 20 months still owed to him.
It was also witnessed that the police used Puhshilum to dig up the garbage to find the body of the deceased.
The state government should pay special attention to the violence against children and women.
Shillong, June 12: The decision of the NDA Government under the leadership of the BJP to celebrate Good Friday on 14.04.2107 as Digital India Day has upset the people. Christians in the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
The North Eastern Hill University Students' Union (NEHUSU) has decided to set up a Gender Sensitization Committee following the incident of violence against women at the NEHU.
The parent associations do not want to be like this and want to open the doors to help and support them and hope that through this day to celebrate will be meaningful and equal.
He said that on the 22nd of this month, they will meet with the district council authorities to demand that they should be strict on the issuance of licenses to foreigners who drive vehicles.
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that what the state produces for the development and implementation of development projects in the state is only 20% of the total expenditure. not by the central government.
In his speech, the Chief Justice of the Sikkim High Court, Justice Biswanath Somadder said that the new Bharatiya Citizen Security Service (BNSS) opens up a full opportunity to deal with illegal activities in this digital age.
The last seat is the Deputy CEM, and the two EM seats are three.
In his speech, Justice T Nandakumar Singh said that in the judgment, one should understand the customs and traditions of the people of the area in making any decision.
When sending complaints, the complainants shall accompany their complaints with proof by affidavit at the time of sending the complaint to the Secretary of the Lokayukta.
Samridhya Das, a student of Sherwood School, Tura, has been the first to reach the top 20 in the results of the Secondary School Leaving Certificate Top 20 announced by the Meghalaya Board of School Education on the 26th. January, 2023.
Dr. Ricky concluded by saying “Thank you...Khublei Shibun and Mithela” while Saleng concluded by saying, “Save the Constitution” by holding a copy of the the Constitution in hand.
To win the tie-breaker, KSU Mawkasiang Unit scored six goals to beat Mawkasiang Sports & Cultural Club who scored five goals.
The total number of cases in the state is 581. The total number of cases by district is 479 in East Khasi Hills District, 243 in BSF, 202 in civilian and other armed forces. to 34 people.
Shillong, Lber 17: BSF troops today arrested a Bangladeshi from Umsyiem village in East Khasi Hills.
Referring to the shortage of doctors in the rural areas, he said that this has affected the people of the North East and for this reason the central government wants to extend the number of doctors in the rural areas. their working hours from 60 to 65 years.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has strongly criticized the MDA government for directing the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District Abhilash Baranwal to call for talks with the leaders of the MDA. The KSU has requested the closure of the Toll Gate of the National Highway Authority (NHIA) at Lumshnong.
The union today 22.08.2022, after receiving the reply from the bank that it has promised to take action and has also promised to send survey ATM field officers to take action on this issue. has been claimed.
The HYC said that there are 12541 SSA teachers in the state , 2907 LP schools and 2259 UP schools They will be closed down just because of the silence of the Meghalaya government.
It has been suggested to immediately initiate measures to curb new cases and deaths through the implementation of the Clinical Management Protocol as already explained to all States and UTs. is that Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities along with their surrounding areas have experienced a high number of COVID cases; where outbreaks of the disease from these areas to rural areas that still lack health facilities will pose a significant challenge to local authorities.
The competition was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium in Shillong today. The second prize went to Supriya Laimayum of Manipur.
Shillong, Lber 21: A team of BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh from Iew Mythi seized up to 50 cows while smugglers were trying to smuggle them into Bangladesh.
Shillong, July 23: The total number of deaths from COVID-19 in the country has risen to 9, 3 from East Khasi Hills, 4 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from South West Khasi Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. 1, the total number of deaths has risen to
The union does not have the right to criticize the allocation of posts to other colleges but we also feel that the government should also look into Sngap Syiem College as it is the only college in the district and it is the only one to provide posts. Take responsibility for the education of the youth of the District especially those who come from poor families.
Dazzle Sports,Laitumkhrah.
Three people have lost their lives and 70 others have been seriously injured in the train overturning. The death toll has risen to 10 in Meghalaya.
He also expressed his concern over the presence of illegal residents in Lum Survey, who were arrested by the Hynniewtrep Youths Council (HYC) on Friday.
The Dorbar Shnong has also informed that there are foreigners working in the village who have not even received the NoC from the Dorbar Shnong.
Furthermore, the JSU has also witnessed incidents at some banks where the people who are standing in line have reached the border to throw stones or to throw stones at each other because of the queue or because of the crowd.
In his letter of condolences, Bishop Rev Dominic said that he was an intelligent and at the same time a pious man, it would be difficult to get back such elders.
In Shillong, all banks in the city including Nationalist Bank, Cooperative Bank and private banks have been closed.
According to the report released by the ACHR, India ranks fourth in terms of female infanticide. the “CIA World Factbook”.
The eSanjeevani program has two parts, eSanjeevaniAB-HWC – the doctors' network – which is implemented in all health facilities in the country under the Ayushman Bharat scheme of the Government of India.
Not only did they search the vehicles carrying goods, but they also accused the traders of being smugglers who wanted to smuggle goods to Bangladesh,” said Nongrem.
New Delhi, March 07: The Ministry of Finance today released up to T 40,000 crore to the States and UTs with Legislative Assemblies under the back-to-back loan facility to fill the shortfall. On 15th November, 2021, T.75,000 crore was released to the States and UTs with Legislative Assemblies.
The BSF seized T.10,6000/- lakh in cash and arrested Bangladeshis.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Department of Telecommunications (DoT) today held an information seminar on “Electromagnetic Radiations from Mobile Tower” in Shillong.
Landslides have also been reported in various parts of the state.
In this discussion, it was explained that there are many jobs if used properly.
“The size of the pharmaceutical market in India is Rs 4 lakh crore now,” he said.
I/ 122 on November 17,
The seized items and the arrested persons were handed over to the police according to the Police Stations respectively. .20 lakh from Tinsukia Railway Station.
On the other hand, Banteidor said that Ivanlumlang has expressed his desire to resign from the post of president of the party and at the meeting he was appointed interim president and chairman of the party. for the preparation of the 2023 MLA elections.
This is a sports event of the All India Police Sports Control Board which was launched in 1951 in Delhi to promote the spirit of cooperation among the soldiers.
Shylla said that what happened in the past cannot be covered up, the future generations should know their own history of how these Khasi Himas came to India and how they were shaped. That is why the word 'United' was used to unite the Khasi Hima and the areas ruled by the British.
However, if there is a heavy rainfall, it may fall again, because the area in Sonapur has been covered with heavy rainfall. if it happens, they can cleanse it.
If the law enforcement agencies cannot investigate the incident, the HNLC will not hesitate to fight against these robbers by taking the law into its own hands to restore peace and order. you are the paradox of this area.
In his speech as the chief guest, he said that he is pleased to see that the school is growing with the passing of the days.
The factual matrix of the Register is to be updated regularly to provide new information and FAQs.
After receiving a detailed explanation from Dr Miss C Majaw, M&HO in charge of Smit PHC, Bah John F Kharshiing said that he will take it to the State Planning Board. to suggest that there is a need to set up a CHC in Smit area because according to the explanation of the staff, the people from all over the country come to the Smit PHC, which covers up to 30 villages, including 30 people. ASHAs, 42 Aganwadi Workers, 30 Village Health and Sanitation Committees (VHSNC).
The Minister of State in charge of Sports & Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri, said, “We have decided to introduce these games to preserve and preserve the cultural heritage of the people. to encourage the youth and to make them aware of the value of their ancestors.
They are the ones who become 'langknia' because they cannot write or answer from their own knowledge.
The Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act, 1873 is part of the United Khasi Hills District Act 1952, which means that the KHADC can implement this Act.
He said the party will meet the Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma to express its views.
These hard works of Meghalaya especially in supporting financial assistance to Startups and Incubation & Mentorship have also been recognized by the Government of India.
The announcement was signed by Dr Andrew Simons, Commissioner and Secretary of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. , Meghalaya.
Parents and students who wish to study in these areas are requested to contact the leaders of the union or the Facebook page of the Khasi Students' Union Delhi so that they can help as much as possible.
Synrem said the expert committee should recommend to the government to clarify the term 'scientific post' which has caused confusion in the current reservation policy. may result in loss to State owners.
HNYF East Khasi Hills President Bless Dkhar said that the new building was built after the Thangkhiew Petrol Pump and belongs to Phibora Marwein.
: The PWD (Roads) Department of the State Government has requested a letter from the Green Tech Foundation (GTC) for the demolition of the construction site on the Thangsniang River, Nongrimbah, Laitumkhrah, Shillong. .
Shillong, Naiweng 23: The Congress candidate for the mid-term MDC election from Laban-Mawprem constituency, Bah Moon Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that he has been requested by the Chief Minister. Dr Mukul Sangma and MPCC President DD Lapang have decided not to hold the MDC election on November 13. He is currently in talks with his supporters and may contest as an independent candidate.
Police have conducted an investigation into the incident.
The Ministry Fiancé of the Union Government has provided this email ID so that if anyone wants to get clarification they can send their clarifications and questions can be sent before the 22nd of this month. Before the public hearing on the GST with any comments.
Other departments including Assam Rifles, NEEPCO, NHIDCL, NEDFi, NERCORMS, NERAMAC, NEHHDCL, NESAC and NIC will also participate in the meeting.
These drivers who transport goods to Bangladesh every 10 days have to undergo RTCPR test and should not go home.
Shillong, November 06: The Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, has not yet given his approval to the Amendment to the MEGHALAYA RESIDENTS Act. SAFETY AND SECURITY (AMENDMENT) ORDINANCE, 2019.
The name itself is understood to insult the Chief Executive Members because they do not want to give them their rightful place.
Oresterwell Langshiang scored the first goal for Meghalaya in the first leg of the tournament. Although the players of Meghalaya tried hard but could not equal the title, Meghalaya won the title. 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022.
The march will start at 11.30 pm and end at Madan Student.
He said that this is the reason why he has left the BJP in Meghalaya for personal reasons.
Answering a question, the Minister in charge of Food and Civil Supplies said that the government has no intention of eliminating the distribution of sugarcane to the people but has temporarily suspended it. Sugarcane distribution is a scheme of the State Government and not of the Central Government.
They should remember that their work is for the people.
We advise these children with the understanding that they should not drop out of school without the knowledge of their parents.
Of these, 19 cases are at Civil Hospital Shillong and 13 cases are at NEIGRIHMS.
The agreement was signed by Ryntih Football Club President Wallamkupar Kharpan and Manerva Academy Head Ranjit Bajaj.
The passing away of this Rangbah is a great loss not only to his family but to the nation as a whole and especially to the KSU who still need him to be an inspiration. This is the way to serve the country.
Nongstoiñ, July 7: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills District has sent a petition to the Sub. - Divisional School Education Officer (SDSEO) Nongstoin to temporarily suspend the queue of students in all schools.
There were also performances by the computer teachers of the school which showcased the rich heritage of the North East.
The visit to Jirang Block is the beginning of the Block to Block programme.
The poor are able to cope with adversity and survive even in the midst of harsh winters.
The GNLA leader also questioned the ANVC(B) on the presence of ANVC(B) Political Secretary Ajaju Marak, after the GNLA denied the allegation that the You have a relationship with the Chief Minister of the state.
Shortly after, members and leaders of the HYC moved to hold a protest in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah.
Speaking to reporters after the launch of the election manifesto, Bah Lyngdoh said the BJP's participation in the mid-term MDC elections is to explain to the public the schemes of the BJP government. It has done for the benefit of the people which the state government has not informed the people.
Shillong, Nailur 29: U Bah Shniahlang Suchen President of HANM War Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday said that the meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs was regarding the presence of BSF troops in Amlarem village. you're looking for you.
The death toll has risen to 12, East Khasi Hills 11 and West Jaintia Hills 1, bringing the total number of deaths to
At the beginning of this, his parents were very angry and accused him of doing something wrong.
From the 22nd to the 25th there will be many games and competitions in various categories and the winners will be awarded prizes on the 26th of this month on the occasion of the Republic Day at polo field.
The Chief Minister said it is true that the departure of MLAs will have an impact on the party, but it will not happen as the Congress party has to work harder.
Police immediately sent fire trucks to extinguish the blaze. The driver of the vehicle and the driver of the vehicle have fled the scene. where police are currently searching for them.
The Government urges the Chief Executive Members to work together with the Government in the fight against this disease, and the establishment of these quarantine facilities is to prevent the influx of people. go to the hospital if you are.
Shillong, March 07: Four persons from West Garo Hills have tested positive for COVID-19, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government will continue to lead MeECL, especially in the Nirman Bharat Loan. The REC and PFC will discuss this issue in the cabinet tomorrow morning.
Shillong, July 11: The Superintendent of Police (SP) of Ri Bhoi District has arrested Cyfrank Paul Pariat, 25, who claimed to be the Commander of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (NLLP). HNCL) and two others, Kitbok Mujai, 23, and Barnabas Lyngdoh,
The BSF troops in charge of the bat seized it and during the investigation it was learned that it was intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
Four deaths have been reported today, three from East Khasi Hills, three from West Khasi Hills, one from West Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of deaths to
It was suggested to attract foreigners to invest in the state, such as in agriculture, electricity generation and especially electricity through the The windmill is known as the Wind Mill.
Shillong, July 28: U Shibun Lyngdoh, President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, on Tuesday said that the party from Meghalaya has already written to the party leaders in Delhi demanding an inquiry team to investigate the incident. The allegation against former Governor V Shanmuganathan should be appointed by the office of the President of India.
He started playing for Shillong Lajong FC as a child and has now returned to the club.
The BSF arrested them while they were trying to enter India.
Shillong, June 18: Meghalaya, which has 22,26,567 lakh voters, will decide tomorrow who will be sent as MP to the Lok Sabha from the state which has only two Parliamentary constituencies. .
During these two days in Meghalaya, he visited Pynursla Block and Amlarem and distributed 400 boxes of fish to 40 fish farmers, 20 light fixtures to two students. He met with the Chief Minister, Cornad to discuss the development of small scale industries in Meghalaya.
Shillong, November 05: Foreign exporters from Meghalaya have expressed their surprise, especially those who are still struggling to register themselves as foreign traders. Your office is from Shillong to Guwahati.
Other speakers at the meeting were RV Lyngdoh Minister of Urban Affairs, Kennedy Khyriem MLA, L Blah MDC and others who are doctors.
“The DIG said that according to information, the HNLC now has only 20-30 members.
At this meeting, Bah Banteidor said that health is the greatest wealth in human beings “Health is Wealth” and that is why he as the leader of the area as u He has been taking steps from time to time and will continue to take steps to fulfill many of the aspirations of the people to create the means to ensure that the health centers in Mawkynrew area will be the most adequate and capable. provide the best services for the welfare of the residents.
The KHADC should not think that this Act alone is enough for the Jaidbynriew but should have drafted an Anti-Miscegenation Bill to protect the Khasi marriage without discrimination whether it is a woman or a man. shynrang so that we can get the blood of a strong nation.
Hundreds of people came to take part in the drama organized by the Ionglajong Social and Cultural Club.
The KSU NKHD Unit hopes that the Ri-Bhoi District will continue to grow in all aspects through the hard work of the people of its district. ,women, students for the benefit of Ri Bhoi District as a whole.
Chauhan is employed as a foreman with RK Singh Construction Company and is working on a bridge on the National Highway-217 at Rongdik village, Karukol under Siju. police station.
S.Diengdoh said that after the renewal of the office bearers of the Union this year, the Union has followed up on the demands by meeting with the Managing Director and the General Manager of the dewbilat factory. The State Government has been sick due to the lack of renewal of the operations which has affected the workers of this factory.
Shillong Lajong FC are in the toughest group as Mohun Bagan have won 13 times in the Federation Cup. Other teams include Goan and Salgoacar FC who have won four times. Coach Thangboi Singto said that the match against Mumbai FC will be very big and it will be a very difficult match but they hope that the match will be played against Mumbai FC. They will do well because they have already faced this team which will start the match tomorrow.
Tura, Nailur 29: Police in Garo Hills have launched a clash with GNLA militants in two places in Garo Hills. .
Regarding the border fence with Bangladesh, he said the government will complete the fence by 2019 and this is the order of the Supreme Court of India. There are 90 km of roads in East Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills.
This can be witnessed only in the past two days how our people are making money without fish because they are not allowed to import formalin.
It is worth mentioning here that the MUDA Bye-Laws issued in Notification No. MUDA BPI/596/2011-12/8-A on 5th July 2015; After a meeting with the SNSBH and the Government on 5.11.2015, the Government has also issued Government Notice No.MUDA.BPI/596/2011-12/13-A on 5November  2015.
Referring to employment, he said that there is a need for factories in the state to provide employment opportunities to the people otherwise unemployment will continue.
In this regard, the District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills has enforced Section 144 CrPC to prohibit the gathering of more than four persons in one place and prohibited the carrying of any weapons. .
“I would like to thank my assistant who has provided me with monthly food and supported me to fight against the disease,” he said.
According to a report received from the Assistant Food Analyzes Office of the Government of Meghalaya, out of 40 samples of fish taken for testing, 30 were found to have been treated with formalin. to keep the fish longer.
Prime Minister Modi spoke about Sange Sherpa of Sikkim, who has worked for environmental protection at an altitude of 12,000 feet for 14 years.
The Cabinet has also approved the Ordinance to repeal the Meghalaya Regulation Gaming Act, 2021, according to the rule that the Ordinance must be brought in the House on they don't have to sit in the council.
Shillong, March 16: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government today said that they have discussed the allegations made by the BJP Meghalaya. newspapers almost every day.
Not only that, the state government and the district council should go and tied the door of the Ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate Change to withdraw the environmental clearance issued for open cast mining in Domiasiat and Mawthabah in 2007 and also the Environmental Clearances issued for the mining of uranium across the state.
Shillong, June 24: The Fifteenth Finance Commission of the Government of India will visit Assam, the gateway state to the North East from June 25-27,
Shillong, Naitung 01: The Meghalaya Golf Club (MPMC) today protested against the incident of one of the Khasi mothers at the Delhi Golf Club, Tialin Lyngdoh. The land is only for the sake of Jainsem.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The State Government today issued a notice that for the students who wish to apply for the post-matric scholarship of 2016-17, they do not need Aadhar. .
This is the inability of the KHADC to curb such cases which has caused a huge loss to the Council and has given way to exploiters.
This was announced by the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District in a statement sent to the media on Tuesday.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The total number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the country has risen to 71, 36 from West Jaintia Hills, 29 from East Khasi Hills, 29 from Ri Bhoi, There are 1009 cases in West Garo Hills, 1 in East Garo Hills and 1 in North Garo Hills.
In this regard, the BCC Laitumkhrah has decided to nominate him on the 11th of next month to nominate him as an adviser.
New offices are being opened in the area so that people can upgrade their names, get PANs and PANs along with easy payment of taxes, he said.
According to him, the Government will build the resort along with other tourism related projects.
This will help the MJA to produce more judoka especially at the senior level as it has been found that there are not many judoka who will continue from the junior level to the senior level. The reasons are that they have to study higher or when they are employed especially in jobs where it is more difficult to get time and distance.
The KSU has alleged that the Regional Committee has not informed the people before they came to the border talks and the KSU demands that the land of the state should not be given to Assam. , Naiwieng 29: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today said that no decision has been taken yet to recognize them as members of the AITC party. received this past week.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today said that the last case of COVID-19 in Meghalaya has been tested negative twice. they are sick with COVID-1
The presence of Meghalaya House brings peace of mind to the families of the students when they visit their children, brothers and sisters in Bengaluru.
A total of 34 youths were trained.
Referring to the CAG report, the CEM said that this is for the year 2011 to 2013, while for the year 2014 to 2018 the report has not been sent from the CAG office. Regarding the CAG's remarks that the District Council has not kept the accounts in order, the EC has decided that the MDCs should first spend their own assistance according to the put in and they will give you an estimate and the office will pay you the money.
Bahunlang Nongkhlaw of Sanker Dev College, who opposed the motion, followed by Nangiaisan Kharlukhi of St Anthony's College and Precious Full Shabong of Sanker. Dev College supported the motion.
The SP said that on Tuesday they received a complaint that Jamor Ali (35) along with his driver Noor Ahmed and Zahidul Islam (25) had left their house at I'm going to Meghalaya on Saturday evening.
However, in the attempt, the robbers could not break the drawer where the money was kept.
Expressing their opposition to the order to release only vehicles carrying only 15 tonnes, the truck drivers said, “It is not appropriate to release only 15 tonnes because the vehicle alone weighs 8 or 9 tonnes and and the goods of the dead became more and more heavy.
Shillong, June 29: Police have launched a search operation in Nongjri area of ​​South West Khasi Hills District to rescue Dajied Syiem from Umthied village who was abducted by suspected illegal immigrants. that of Bangladesh.
The two-day festival of the Year of Youth in Ri Bhoi District was inaugurated by Bah DD Lapang MLA of Pahamsyiem NSCA Mini Stadium, Nongpoh.
MeECL's power outage in Shillong from 9.00 am to 11.00 pm has caused great concern among the residents that if at the beginning of the year, the power outage would have been shut down until the residents arrived. The month of tyrkhong is the light of what will happen.
Nongstoiñ, 8 Jymmang: As part of the efforts to ensure the safety of the residents of Nongstoiñ area regarding the testing for 40 types of diseases, most of the residents of the area have to travel to Shillong and other places abroad. Dr. Andystar Syiemlieh, MBBS (RIMS), MD (AIIMS, Biochemistry) has inaugurated the Immaculate Diagnostic Care Lab in Nongstoin.
Youth 20 is the perfect way to amplify the voices of these young people.
The estimated cost for the construction is T.27.30 crore.
He will visit the villages in the border areas and also the survey of the border areas.
When the price of their products drops too much, they can no longer deliver them to the market and leave them until they rot.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: A meeting between the KHADC, Mawphlang Hima and the organizers of the three day Monolith Festival 2024 has been held by the Executive Members. The decision was postponed to the month of October.
Mahatma Gandhi spoke of the good character of India and society in the country.
Speaking at the meeting, the Governor said that according to the statistics, the death rate of mothers during childbirth is very high. Religious organizations, civil society organizations and others should join hands to teach how to avoid injuries during childbirth.
For non-tribals, the height should be 162 cm.
The smuggling of drugs through foreigners is very serious through the media reports where most of those arrested are from outside as witnessed in East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Forest Department of the State Government of Meghalaya has seized the materials used to make statues which have polluted the environment, such as Durga Puja. , has warned that no materials should be used that can pollute the environment in accordance with the rules and regulations laid down to avoid polluting the waters.
Other issues that the Seng has raised before these two District Heads are the need to implement a Trading License, and also to demand the immediate arrest of the Nongkynshoit who are the main cause of the riots. The farmers in Amlanai Village, West Jaintia Hills have been destroyed.
It is divided into four zones, namely the Jaintia Hills Zone at Jowai and the West Khasi Zone at Mawkyrwat.
Our youth are also working for the construction of the country.
Dr. BP Toi, who wrote this book on the life of one of the first missionaries who came from Wales to Ri Lum Khasi Jaintia, but only a few know it even among the Christians. Anne Jones's house.
Nongpoh, Naitung 03: Members of the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) today released on bail after they were arrested on charges of locking up the office of the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF). MUDA is located in Byrnihat.
Shillong, Nailar 16: Former Prime Minister of India Atal Bihari Vajpayee, 93, passed away at 5.05 pm today at AIIMS New Delhi.
It is surprising to see the faces of the leaders only before the election but when they win they don't see them yet and this is something sad and you are like sweet children , but don't be afraid, it may take years but they will work together as a whole.
Shillong, Naitung 30: On the occasion of World Hepatitis Day, NEIGRIHMS today launched the Free Hepatitis Vaccination Campaign which will benefit about 500 outsourced cleaners and employees. in group D who work at this hospital.
“In a democratic country like India, the people of Meghalaya have the right to elect any person as long as he or she is a citizen of India and who is eligible to be a candidate.
The Ministers also met with Hardeep Puri, Minister in charge of Urban Development, Petroleum and Natural Gas, Minister of Law, Kiren Rijju. you are in Delhi.
The Government is determined to maintain peace and development in the state in all aspects.
He praised the hard work of the State Governments in collaboration with the Central Government in the fight against the disease.
Regarding the border, the government has decided to complete the border demarcation with Assam. Out of the 12 areas that have mutual interests, seven of them have been completed. The government has decided to resolve the remaining 6 soskular.
Other speakers on the second day of the public training on the schemes of the central government were Dr DK Nongbri, DMCHO, E. Khasi Hills of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Syiem, JE, Shillong, NJ Saikia, M&CO of PIB, Shillong in his speech explained the purpose of the PIC. and the activities of various government departments have been conducted on these days.
Also present on the occasion were the General Secretary of the party, Panbor Ryntathiang and other party office bearers.
Pangniang said the party has proposed to the committee to look into the implementation of the State Reservation Policy in the allocation of seats.
: Police of Tura Police Station on Tuesday arrested a man who broke into the Pa Togan Nengminza Athletic Stadium, Tura and damaged several parts of the sports ground.
Aleytheia Syiemlieh of St Margaret's Higher Secondary School, Shillong with 574 marks came second and Congenial Kharsahnoh of Christian Academy, Shillong with 571 marks came third.
The police have taken the four persons to the police station for further investigation.
If anything untoward happens to this house, the district authorities of Ri-Bhoi and also the NHAI should take responsibility for this.
The Leader of the Red Ribbon Club of MLCU at the beginning of the program said that this training is part of the celebration of World Aids Day and the 4th Anniversary of the Red Ribbon Club of MLCU. also a bit about the 90:90:90 approach which aims to help people living with HIV/AIDS by ensuring that by 2020, 90% of them will know for sure whether they have the virus .
In this memorandum, the union demanded from the government that all the people with disabilities should get BPL foodgrains, housing for the poor and 3rd quota. % as published in the Government Statement on 25/01/2
North Eastern Council (NEC) Secretary K Moses Chalai said that of the 12 km railway project, 5.45 km of the Indian railway project has been funded by DoNER and the NEC has allocated T.863 crore.
He said that the Additional Chief Engineer of PHE has visited the area and said that he will order the contractor to repair the road and village roads which have been dug for almost 10 years. ieh beat like that.
Shillong, Lber 26: Two persons, Kavita Rabha, 18, and Ajit Rabha, 18, of Ranibari, Ri Bhoi District, have been arrested. The leader of this group was Rudra Rabha.
The Chairman of KHADC was also informed that if the KHADC authorities cannot resolve these issues, how can they discuss other more important issues that affect the people?
Dr Azad, while submitting the petition to the Chief Minister, said that the area has a population of 2.5 lakh and the distance from Tura is 170 km. bring the work of government closer to the people.
Also present at the meeting were the President of the party, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin and other members of the party.
To support their families, they have to borrow large amounts of money from the private sector to run their families.
On the other hand, some of the milk buyers said that they don't mind the increase in the price of milk but the milk should be good because as it is, there is more water than milk. blame.
They were all destroyed and covered with wood from above the doors until they could not be opened and in this search or meeting of the Seng, the Officer of this office was not present.
The leaders of the four organizations also appeal to the people of East Jaintia Hills District and North East India who are ready to support them not to misunderstand or discriminate against this sudden withdrawal. The curfew was announced yesterday because they have to respect the rituals and customs of all religions in India.
He said now these youths have become entrepreneurs.
A total of 3528 persons aged 18 years and above have been vaccinated today, while 567 persons aged 45 years and above have been vaccinated today.
Our scientists have demonstrated their skills.
There are 4,157.51 lakh males and 4,10404 lakh females.
On the other hand, RPF police have seen a suspicious pla. Police investigated and said that there was a blanket. When they asked to open the pla, one of the passengers in the train The Deoghar Express (Deoghar Express) at Lumding Railway Station has been delayed.
After the completion of the project, LPG injection will also operate through the Paradip Import Terminal and the Barauni Refinery.
In this letter of complaint, signed by people who claim to be employees of Reliance, they have written to the President of the District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum, East Khasi Hills.
Rahul Gandhi walked in front of the DTO office, Nongpoh and entered the NSCA Mini Stadium at Pahamsyiem to address thousands of people. congress.
During their visit, they had a meeting with the MDCs of KHADC and also with the Deputy CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem. to visit the KHADC where they want to know what the district council is.
Shillong, Nailar 19: To strengthen the sampling of the public for the purpose of detecting the presence of COVID-19, today started in Motphran, one of the most crowded public places. This is the city of Shillong.
If you ask the government whether it earns money from coal, the government's money from coal is 75% from various taxes. Different quality.
For literature, Sangeet Natak Academy for color and Lalit Kala Academy for photography.
He said that the Meghalaya government should not just wait for the report of the Assam government but should have a joint investigation to find out the truth and if the Meghalaya government does not listen to the concerns of the border areas. Assam police to arrest Khasi illegal immigrants on the border has threatened the people living in the border areas.
Shillong, November 19: In the Meghalaya State League (MSL) football match between Druma Sandruma and Ampati SC in Ampati, South West Garo Hills District, Druma Sandruma SC beat Ampati SC. PIP Warima won 2-1
The CEM of KHADC, said that the opposition parties are the KSU and LYWA, the KHADC will not do anything wrong because they do not want to see that what happened inside the KHADC like during the tenure of CEM u Bah PN King.
Syiem Tirot Singh died in prison at Dhakha on the 17th of November, 1835 after being arrested by the British troops for rebellion against the Government to overthrow the Nongkhlaw Hima.
The Hockey Camp started from the 12th to the 20th of this month, with more than 20 girls, 40 boys and 80 adults from all over the villages. The city has come to learn from the youngsters who have played hockey in the past years.
Shillong, June 22: BSF troops at Sonapyrdi in East Jaintia Hills District on the night of 20/June/2024 sympathized with youths who were walking in that area at 9 pm and in this incident they bombed and injured also to the two cars.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Mantiphrang Lyngdoh said that the protest will start from 11.00 am to 3.00 pm at the MeECL office in Lumjignshai.
“With the assistance of Mairang Police and Ri Bhoi Police, we have arrested another suspect,” said SP East Khasi Hills Rituraj Ravi.
The government has spent more than Rs 1 crore on the construction of the cold storage in Mawiong but it has not been used. and now all the powers are gone.
Bah Rynga said that they will not hesitate but will contest the MDc election.
East Garo Hills Police today at 12.30 pm arrested Anjan, known as Jimmy, who was ready to surrender. in front of the police.
The affected people have been evacuated to their relatives' homes.
Now, therefore, in exercise of the powers conferred under Section 26B of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940 (23 of 1940), the Central Government has ordered that the retail sale of any drug containing Hydroxychlroquine shall be in accordance with the rules for the sale of drugs mentioned in Schedule H1 of the Drugs and Cosmetics Rules,
“The reason for expressing these reasons here is that the Union has found that when any Khasi is taken for investigation or accused of being involved in any incident, the Police will immediately ask if that person is If you are a member of the Union, you will be arrested regardless of the incident.
The festival is being held through a collaborative initiative by the Department of Tourism and Department of Agriculture and Farmers’ Welfare.
U Bah Michael Syiem said that there was a voice on this day when those who came to lead on this day.
It is to be recalled that King Wickliffe was the youngest king of Nongstoin who left his country and went to live in Pakistan in that area and now known as Bangladesh because of his opposition. he is what the kingdom does.
There are 38 Pukni birds and the Forest Department has protected them from poachers and at the same time the Forest Department has urged everyone to protect these birds. birds because they are endangered species according to the Red List of Threatened Species.
The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) vehicles carrying illegal drugs came to light after the leaders of the Meghalaya Awakened Council (MACC) searched the vehicles of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) carrying illegal drugs. wan from the Polo area.
There are few vehicles in Shillong, but the markets, such as the largest market in Meghalaya, the street market and all the shops in the villages have been closed today. .
The bodies of the three were taken to NEIGRIHMS Hospital for post-mortem and police have registered a case on the incident.
The world is looking to India with hope, the world is looking to India as a leader.
Bah Shylla said that as of now, all the kurs have more than 5000 kurs and if the Governor gives this approval it will be good for the kurs to have more than 5000 kurs. The KHADC does not want them to register because there are very few kurs who have their own kur.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: U Shibun Lyngdoh, President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, in his welcoming speech to the party, said that the party's contest for the MDC election is halfway through. The time is that as a party, we are eager to preserve and strengthen our customs and traditions.
Shillong, Lber 25: U Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Deputy Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), today presented the budget for the year 2019-2020 with a deficit of T.48,5
Dr. Bishnoi said that last year, the police seized 24 kilos of heroin worth T.8-10 crore per kilogram.
Shillong, Naitung 31: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, who is also the National President of the National People's Party (NPP), today filed his nomination for the post of Returning Officer of the South. Tura Assembly Constituency to contest the MLA elections to be held on 23rd November.
Speaking at the meeting, he said that Banalari Khongwar has been an example for women in the state in the field of employment and urged the people to set up any job to become job givers, not job seekers.
Therefore, according to the objections of the government officials especially Bah FR Kharkongor together with the Riti Academy Union, it was decided to build a statue that reaches to the top because of the location in Dhaka. after they had seen the land, and there was no place left for them to build.
This includes space for tourist equipment and an electric substation, among others.
Speakers from the Faith Foundation also taught that parents have a great role to play in protecting their children. to children from violence.
He said he was filled with humility at this proposal and the expression of strong support, and said that he has been working for the people for many years until today, and he invited all the people to work hard to get the questions in the Nongkrem Constituency as a whole.
In Tura, he said, there have been organizations that have ordered the shops to open to allow the people to buy the necessities in their homes.
Currently, the country is dependent on the export of these essential minerals from other countries as the exploration and extraction of them is limited due to the laws in force.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The Board Meeting of MeECL held on the 18th of this month has decided to confirm the employees of Leshka only those who have worked before 2008.
Dr. Kharbamon completed her PhD from North Eastern Hill University, then taught at Lady Keane College 16 before joining CIEFL and later renamed English and Foreign. Languages ​​University and has been sent to ASEAN countries by the Government of India.
A total of 2,33,194 people have submitted applications after being checked by the NIC. Soon, 1,81491 people have received the money. There are 1,45,161 people who have not received their ID cards, 36,330 people who have not yet received their ID cards. The transfer of money to these people is still going on through the two banks SBI and HDFC. The delay is not from the government, but because their bank accounts are not sufficient, those who have been named will receive assistance. to Rs 7.5 crore.
The use of 18 shaka trucks by these Cement Factories affects not only the owners of the trucks from this state but also the traffic jams and accidents because these trucks are very tall. and they have not yet had to walk on these dark, narrow and narrow roads of Meghalaya.
“However, we are disappointed that the applicants from other Centres, have been allowed to choose their own examination centres, namely Shillong, Guwahati and New Delhi,” said the KSU. Many of the applicants have chosen Shillong as the first examination center and Guwahati as the second examination centre. as an examination centre.
The arrested are Ronit M. Marak, Bikram D. Sangma, Lastborn Ch.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The KSU Central Executive Council (KSU) in a statement has urged all sports teams or sports associations that the athletes who will represent Meghalaya should be only indigenous people and not Non-Khasi or Garo people especially those from other states should be allowed to participate.
Because the Seng is still expecting many contributions from this young man to work for the society, especially for the country and the nation.
In another incident, Williamnagar police have arrested four suspects and recovered a pistol from them.
The Federation of Khasi-Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) is surprised at the statement of the Minister in charge of PHE in the media regarding the sampling of drinking water from water wells from different parts of Shillong.
This Christmas celebration has impressed the visitors.
There have been 60 recoveries today, 95084 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 92851 people have recovered from the disease, the death toll has risen to .
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Residents of Mawkynrew village today found a baby in a byrni and threw it on the village road.
We too have been demanding for 20-30 years since we were serving as teachers but we have not been able to achieve anything.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today inaugurated the Namdong C&RD Block in West Jaintia Hills in the presence of Urban Development Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar and MLA Wailadmiki Shylla.
Before the end of the forty-fourth day, the data of 36,763 beneficiaries were collected.
BSF troops of the 181st Battalion in collaboration with Meghalaya Police, on Tuesday seized three vehicles carrying sugarcane smuggled to Bangladesh.
Five deaths have been reported today, four from East Khasi Hills District and one from West Jaintia Hills District, bringing the total number of deaths to
When it is necessary, they should walk on siej bridges in the middle of the night connected from one end of the rashing night to another.
It is learned that the Magistrates came later and the Magistrate had to sign the purchase slip to show that the vehicle was allowed to pass.
, and look at it, Forest and Environment department, Sericulture and weaving Department, Social Welfare department.
The scammers send SMS messages confirming that the money has been used for the purpose and instructing those who receive the SMS to go to the website they sent in the SMS, police said. they urge the public to be careful not to visit such websites.
The Myntri Rangbah Duh once again thanked the saints who came to bless this day.
At this meeting, the MLA of Mawlai was briefed on the progress of the Mawlai C&RD Block Office since it was decided to set up a Mawlai C&RD Block Office. Mawlai Town Durbar, Rangbah Shnong Mawtawar, other Rangbah Shnongs, Mawlai Pyllun Youth Wing, HYC and FKJGP Mawlai Circle and other other de.
