According to information received, the Ministry of Home Affairs has promised to include the Garo language in the list of languages ​​for recognition.
: BJP South Shillong MLA Sanbor Shullai on Tuesday sent a letter to BJP State President Rikman G. Momin requesting him to approve Dr. Fenela Lyngdoh Nonglait as the party's candidate. Shillong Parliamentary Constituency in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
On the other hand, Ramanlal Vora, Cabinet Minister of Gujarat government, said that they hope that the Meghalaya government will contribute for this good cause.
However, one problem is that multi disciplinary courses need to start from 2030 in colleges.
This is the first festival at this level organized by the state.
The Governor of Meghalaya said that this celebration will bring lasting peace, love for others and peace in the state as a whole. state.
This interview was held with Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President, Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA), Vice President, National Rifle Association of India (NRAI), Secretary General, North East Sports Association (NESA) at his office. French Consulate in Kolkata, at 3.30 pm on 14 June
Shillong, Iaiong 23: All children have the right to health care, said Mawphlang MLA Bah SK Sunn while inaugurating the scheme. The Special Intensified Mission Indradhanush Program was launched at a public meeting held at the Mawngap Dorbar Hall today.
Of course, as leaders, we are surprised to see that even if we don't discuss or approve those other ILPs (Modern/Modify), what happens is that we always see in the media that we The 13 groups have demanded the ILP but they have not received the ILP under the Eastern Bengal & Frontier Regulation
There are still many steps, from the construction of working women's hostels, to the launch of training programmes, and steps to ensure their safety and freedom from violence – which show India's stand for the Suraksha, Suvidha and Swabhimann of the women.
He said that when it comes to the tang jait, we should strive to have rules so that it will not happen again.
And if the examination conducted by MBOSE and others is not fair and transparent, how much more transparent will the State Entrance Examination be? students of our state.
He said that there are places in the region like Arunachal Pradesh where about 40% of the soh is lost because there is no storage space and no way to transport it to various markets.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District and the Police Chiefs have met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District today to inform the government authorities in charge of the district what happened. .
He said that the youth are very important in the income generation in Meghalaya and the Minister spoke in detail on some of the programs of the State Government in the field of tourism, IT and others. the young men are the ones who have turned away.
Cleanliness starts from the beginning, said Bah Nongsiang and urged the people to be clean and not to throw garbage to damage the environment and health.
May this spirit of cooperation and unity continue in our nation in the future without being corrected by any selfish interests, or the Ingkhong Shyllang mat pnah thylliej so that we can get the fruit of it. success.
“If you want to ask questions about what happened that day, you should send a letter and send them (members) to the police station and yesterday I heard that they (police) left within 1:3 In the morning, they were looking for me, I wasn't afraid to hide but I left my job and went up to Shillong.
Therefore, while the CAA 2019 states that Meghalaya has the Sixth Schedule, Paragraph 19 (1) (b) of the Sixth Schedule has been respected. ) and finally, that the name and honor of the Governor of Assam and the President of India who painstakingly and urgently (22-4-1952 to 3-5-1952) drafted Regulation No. 5 of 1952.
During the meeting, these leaders discussed how to fight against COVID-19 around the world and also discussed the environment and the distribution of 1 billion doses of vaccine. In this regard, the Holy Father gave the assistance that India can help other countries of the world.
No matter what happens, as the chief of police in charge of the city, the police will continue to do what they have to do according to the law, he said.
Earlier, the Dorbar Shnong through the VEC on the 27th had also organized various competitions for the students including Drawings Competition (Environment), Essay Competition (Importance of Education) and Poetry Competition.
Of these, 7 schemes have already been allocated while the 8th scheme has been allocated for other schemes where T.537 has been allocated out of the budget of T.1500 crore.
On the other hand, the UDP party leaders have joined hands to extend their condolences to the family of the deceased.
There are some disciples whom I have won and there are those whom I have not won and it is through these defeats that I have made me work harder,” she said.
With the oversight of the Board, it is estimated that the export of shynrai will reach USD 1 billion by
So far, the team has recovered only the bodies of three persons while another is still missing.
The Chief Minister said that the government has taken steps to attract private investment to the state to set up jobs. the use of money in all things.
After this, it was also directed to prepare how to get detailed information as many of these documents are not only available in one place but are available all over the world.
The new Bharatiya Sakshya Adhiniyam, 2023 or BSA provides for the production of witnesses and other requirements.
During the meeting, the General Officer Commanding urged the government to expedite the work to be done for the retired soldiers. release the funds due to the soldiers who have sacrificed their lives for the sake of the Country.
When there are differences of opinion, we have always tried to ensure that these differences do not turn into conflict.
A team of the Election Commission of India (ECI) has arrived in Shillong and today left for Nagaland. After returning, they will announce the elections in three states including Nagaland and Tripura.
Rather, who is the Finance Minister of Jammu and Kashmir and is the Chairman of the Empower Committee, said the central government has allocated Rs 9,000 crore in the 2013 fiscal year. 2014 to pay to the States which have lost benefits from the implementation of the GST. In this regard, many of the States have expressed that the special relationship between the Central Government and the State Governments their own powers should not be destroyed, this behavior should be maintained.
They will be recruited in various ranks such as Group-A, Group-B (Gazetted), Group-B (Non-Gazetted) and Group-C. Force, Sub Inspector, Constable, LDC, Steno, PA, Income Tax Inspectors, and MTS among others.
After Champion was arrested by the Pyrdiwah police in 2009, the party was led by Sohan.
The game is very meaningful; It is a way to build the minds of the children and to create a bright future for Meghalaya.
Such cameras have been installed in some remote parts of the forest and have been taken between 10 and 15 days to check whether there are any animals walking in the forest. the area between these days where the cameras are installed.
The BGB team consisted of 13 teams led by Md Shazedur Rahman, Additional Director General, Region Commander, while the Indian side was led by Patel Piyush Purusottam Das, IPS IG BSF Tripura. Frontier and 12 others from Meghalaya, Silchar and Tripura Frontiers of the BSF. The meeting will end on Friday 4/Naitung/2024. The meeting will conclude with the signing of the soskular.
There are places where vehicles are no longer even passable," he added.
Other dignitaries who spoke on the occasion included Bah I.Kshiar, President, Bah T.Pyngrope, Secretary of the Club. happy and encouraging to the players.
Shillong, Lber 23: Replying to a question by Charles Marngar on the social agreement between Meghalaya and Assam on the border issue, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said: You don't have to worry about your social life.
Guru Purnima is a day dedicated to Hindus to honor the great thinkers who are like teachers and they are equated with God and for this reason Guru Puja is celebrated.
Regarding the complaint lodged by the Commission, the police are collecting more evidence regarding the allegation of rape of the 40-year-old girl.
This has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of their people living in the border area. It is also very dangerous for this violent behavior of the Assam police from time to time.JACJO Samla Leningstar Rymbai JACJO spokesperson tried to phone the Meghalaya Police especially the police station in Ha Raliang but he said he was in Guwahati. Please contact the SP of West Jaintia Hills.
According to the agreement between the two countries, the Red Horns Division of the Gajraj Corps will conduct a joint exercise between the troops of the two countries. .
The office bearers of the Malki Circle are: President Franky Kharumnuid and 21 other office bearers of the organization.
Jonathone was an NCP MLA candidate from Williamnagar Constituency but was killed by suspected GNLA militants. GNLA Commander-in-Chief Sohan D Shira has been shot dead by police.
“In the morning, we have to fight with our leaders, even the truck carrying rice from Assam passing through the Rani Road is not forgiven.
Justice Satish Kumar Agnihotri of the Madras High Court has been appointed as a judge of the Sikkim High Court. Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers' Association (MEPA) is deeply saddened to learn that The union sends its condolences to the family of Bah HS Shangdiar, one of the leading journalists of the state.
Furthermore, the Seng has received information that the management of NEIGHRIMS wants to release the results of the examination immediately although the documents of the candidates have not been verified yet. these are the confusion.
The ceremony will continue until the 16th of this month which is the closing day by breaking the Rot at Aitnar as the closing ceremony.
Regarding the distribution of these injections at the Pamphyrnai Pond in Ksehkohlong, it is not clear who has done this or whether it is from the health department. There is no information about this from the health centers of the private sector.
It should expedite the peace talks with the rebel groups that have already signed the peace agreement.
The government has arrested and imprisoned many KSU members, but the KSU has not released them even though dozens of its members have been imprisoned.
“Rajnath Singh said that every state in the North East has its own characteristics that can bring about economic development.
On the other hand, the Government expects the Rangbah Shnongs to fulfill all their duties without any inconvenience.
Dr Engam Pame, Director, BOC said that we are the tools of the central government and the missionaries to implement all the government schemes and it should start first within our own country.
He explained that Lum Mawpat is the hill that provides the water source for the entire Mawlai village which is known as Umsohlang and Mawlai gets its water source from this Umsohlang and this spring is now. It has been 50 years and there is a need to rebuild the water tanks.
Speaking to media on Thursday, the CEM of KHADC said that the Enforcement Department has so far received reports from only three zones on the presence of foreign drivers who do not have a license plate. Labor License and foreign vehicles without Trading Licence.
The Government and the people should work together to develop the country.
The meeting between the Chief Minister and the Union Minister of State for Sports and Sports lasted about an hour. All the preparations that the government has made for the National Games
Answering a question on the allocation of Meghalaya under the North East Reorganization Act 1971, Dr Mukul said that the people have not accepted this Act from the first day.
“On the border issue, the HANM leader said, “We will call for talks with the Karbi leaders to resolve the issue of the Khasi-Pnar people living in Khanduli, West Jaintia Hills District until they are released. no longer to go into agriculture because of the opposition of the Karbi communities".
At the same time, the Deputy Commissioners of Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh, Jowai have issued a public notice that the 18th will be a public holiday as it is the Unitarian Anniversary Day. .
In the 90 minute match, the two teams failed to score a goal against each other, and until the end of the match, Lyngdoh SC had to score a penalty and Lyngdoh SC won the title. The winner received a cash prize of 10,000/- (Shiphew thousand tyngka) along with a trophy, while Lum Ritab won the second prize and received a cash prize of 6,000/- (seven thousand tyngka).
“These four are very important for a healthy immune system.
Speaking to the faithful, the Archbishop of Shillong, Rev Dominic Jala, said that the church has declared 2014 as the Year of the Family.
The AICC has been in a difficult position to take a decision as it is not easy to remove the ticket of Bah Sayeedullah Nongrum from Rajabala. He is the sitting MLA of Umroi.
The War Jaintia Circle also strongly condemns the MLA of the area for not accepting or doing anything and for not recognizing this issue even after the party and many churches have requested the authorities to do something. either either this.
Of these, 42 villages have completed the work.
After this, the group was taken to Umonka, one of the villages in the Raid Nongtluh, which falls under Eri Silk.
Kmoin Establishment &
They allow others to experience that freedom.
Our children will see what India is when they visit such tourist destinations.
The Prime Minister said that at this critical time, it is important for these pharmacies to work morning and evening and to ensure that there is no shortage of staff in the pharmacies.
Guwahati, Naitung 24: Pravin Togadia of the VHP'SU, who is also the international working president, today said in Guwahati that there are more than 50 lakh Bangladeshis in India.
“I as an MLA have to hold on to my word and also to my decision, as it has been said that even if the government has not granted their demand, they should not take part. That's why I didn't take part in the meeting today,” said Bah Process.
Shillong, March 25: In a meeting with the General Secretary of the AICC, Dr CP Joshi, the Congress MLAs in charge of Meghalaya have demanded the appointment of He is the party's spokesperson in Meghalaya.
In another raid, BSF troops of the 4th Battalion Meghalaya, seized saris from the border of East Khasi Hills, Meghalaya, which were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
He also requested the State Government to take action to talk to the Government of India regarding the opening of the Land Custom which has been an urgent need for the people of India. Jaintia Hills.
Similarly, in Goa, the Daman and Diu Agricultural Tenancy Act, 1964, is in the same way to protect foreign farmers from landlords. landlord) or it may be with the state government.
However, at the same time, the state government has been directed to enact laws on environmental protection, to protect workers and to provide protection from injuries by taking Coal India Limited or MMDC but this part has been forgotten.
He said that in India there is the right to freedom of speech and this is enshrined in the Constitution of the country under Article 19(1A) of the Constitution. to convey what they have to say, but not to affect the personality of the individual.
The march started from Madan Iewrynghep, Shillong at 7.30 pm with the participation of more than 250 people.
“From the outset, it was clear that these two issues should have nothing to do with each other.
He also spoke on the need to implement properly the schemes of the Government of India such as PM Kisan, retirement scheme for farmers, crop insurance and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council Education Cell (CEC) today met with the Minister in charge of Education, Rakkam A Sangma to discuss the shortage of textbooks in the country. The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBS) has launched a new bookshelf this year in bookstores, which has caused a lot of trouble to parents, students and teachers in these days.
The 09 BSF Battalions have been deployed in Meghalaya to protect Meghalaya at a distance of 443 km from Bangladesh. How far has the signboard on the border with Bangladesh been completed?
Union Child Minister Rajeev Chandrasekhar welcomed them to the party and in his speech urged them to participate in the development works through the hard work of the Prime Minister of India. promote the Ri.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that through this programme, the KSU has been able to improve and beautify the area and also to set an example for others to hold such a program. protect the environment"
The demand for these graduates in this field of study is very high.
Therefore, the union is deeply saddened by this problem and has met with the SDO in the presence of the Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, who is also in charge of the Livestock Department, said that the National Milk Day is celebrated every year across the country to remind the country that there is a shortage of milk. you are the one who has work.
The group also informed that more details will be announced later.
Joycy has participated in these programs and is a great example for those who want to find jobs in logistics.
Two policemen have been awarded the President's Police Medal for Gallantry, 177 policemen have been awarded the Police Medal for Gallantry and one has been awarded the Police Medal for Gallantry. Police Medal for Meritorious Service” was awarded to 675 people.
Shillong, Lber 18: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) today announced that it will nominate Bah Shibun Lyngdoh as its MP candidate for the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
During the visit, he spoke on the Central Government's intention to implement the Prime Minister's Employment Generation Program (PMEGP) and the Gramodyog Vikas Yojana. appear in the world in the economy.
They confessed to the police that they committed these kidnappings and smuggled counterfeit money on the orders of Reading K Sangma, C-in-C of the group.
Shillong, Lber 10: Answering a question by Himlaya M Shangpliang regarding the bridge on the Khasimara River, the Chief Minister said that the government has sent a written to NABARD to request for funds to build this bridge.
Khapmara, Nailar 05: The construction of a new road bridge at Dwar Ksuid in Ri Bhoi District has started at a cost of T.9.70 crore.
In a letter sent today, they said that the extension of the light hours has affected the study hours of the students in Garo Hills as a whole, as the examinations have started.
It is true that the blood test at the government site differs by hundreds of rupees from the one sent abroad by the private sector. The price should be paid in front of the cash desk inside the Civil Hospital.
The District Election Officer for the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Constituency has informed the public that according to the order of the Supreme Court, India has appointed a District Level Media Certification and Monitoring Committee for East Khasi Hills District with the DEO as Chairman.
The Pawan Hans helicopter is the only helicopter used by the government through the Meghalaya Transport Corporation to transport the Prime Minister. NPP leader Semford B Sangma has said that the elections in Garo Hills are a misuse of power.
This rainfall will occur in the next 24 hours.
UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh said that the party's Central Executive Committee (CEC) has decided to contest the Tura Parliamentary Seat. Committee and senior leaders of the party to find a candidate to contest the Lok Sabha elections.
Employees will also receive double pay when working overtime.
After completing his MBBS, Dr. Andreas first worked as a doctor at Nazareth Hospital, Shillong.
The decision of the Seng Khasi Seng Kmie today will be handed over to the Seng Khasi Mylliem for submission to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills for information.
The question now is whether the implementation of the NRC is a threat to the citizens and many of the people of Meghalaya who have married to Assam have become foreigners in their own country.
Also present on the occasion were Bah KW Marbaniang, Secretary, Health and Family Welfare, Mrs. C. Kharkongor, Dr. R. Wankhar, DHS (MI), Dr. W. Kharkrang, DHS (MCH & FW), Dr.R.O.Budnah, DHS (R), Dr.(Mrs) B.Mawlong, Project Director & State Coordinator, State Resource Centre, Dr.(Mrs) B.Lyngdoh, Sr.
The union said that since the past until now the demands to eradicate these evils have not been implemented as demanded by many political parties from Jaintia Hills. “It is a shame for the area which has just got a new district to use its powers as it has been given to them,” said the President of JYF-EJH. The District and the Chief Superintendent of Police (SP) should take action on these issues which are causing insecurity in East Jaintia Hills, so that this new District of ours will be one of the districts that bring peace. “If we look at other aspects, East Jaintia Hills is one of the parts of India which has a lot of natural resources and the richest in the State,” said the President of Jaintia Hills. JYF.(SP News).
Shillong, Naitung 14: Although the civil society organizations in Ri Bhoi District have been complaining from time to time about the flooding of the Fourlane Road due to the lack of drainage, but the The company that built this road has not done anything yet.
After the march, they also submitted a petition to the Assam government to request the Assam government to protect their places of worship.
Hamlet's resignation from the UDP is that after the alliance between the UDP and the HSPDP, the UDP has given the Mylliem Constituency to the HSPDP. Telinia Thangkhiew is the candidate of the HSPDP and MDC from the KHADC. At this public meeting held today, the leaders of the PDF from President Bah Ibanlumlang Marbaiang and others. 200 UDP members joined the PDF along with their leader. The party officials were present on the occasion.
The money seized from these four persons is said to have amounted to T.28500/- These persons who were arrested today are understood to have come from Rangsakona in Garo Hills with the intention of I'm going to Shillong.
Institutions recognized as universities shall follow the rules regarding pricing, number of seats, etc., given by the competent authorities, and if the institution recognized as the The University offers other courses under the jurisdiction of other authorities such as the University Grants Commission.
He said that the two states should only give their consent but according to the Constitution of India it is the responsibility of Parliament to resolve the issue. The same meeting will be held in Guwahati on 6th July
Shillong, July 09: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 76 people have tested positive for COVID-1 cases in Bhoi, 5 cases in West Garo Hills.
“The Defense Estate Officer is still in the middle of a legal battle to evict the illegal residents within the Cantonment boundary,” he said.
Those who topped the examination were Kaarilang Lyngdoh Nonglait in Computer-Beginner, Computer-Intermediate, Alvareen Lyngdoh Nongbet in Computer-Accounting. On the other hand, the teachers, Robertson Thangkhiew and Sophia Katrai, congratulated the students and encouraged them to participate in the DTP. they will continue their pursuit of knowledge by referring to the remote digital jobs available.
They demanded and urged the government to release the playgrounds in order to restore their income and to meet their needs in their homes.
“I urge you to be determined and live long to achieve your goal and don't give up if you are faced with difficulties because difficulties are the stepping stones to achieve fame and glory. humility," he said.
Euphrates House came first with 397 points, Jordan House came second with 345 points. Nile House with 283 points and Tigris House with 175 points, while Euphrates House with 175 points won the Best March Pass title. Pass scored 76 points.
Before becoming a politician, you should know the history of the Khasi.
The park in the center of Shillong was opened on Saturday.
All Deputy Commissioners have been authorized to issue notices in their respective Districts.
Shillong, Iaiong 10: BSF troops in South Garo Hills District on Saturday night stopped smugglers from entering Bangladesh. BSF soldier injured.
, claimed Denang.
All the places where ITC manufactures food and beverages are clean and comply with the Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP) requirements. .
He said there are more meetings with other groups.
The residents led by the former Rangbah Shnong, Bah Tarcius Dkhar from time to time have sent letters to the District Council to take action on this issue and the Council has repeatedly directed the Sordar of the Elaka. Bah Allenson Shabong was shortly to hold an election or a dorbar to elect a Rangbah Shnong but he ignored the order of the Council.
On the other hand, the HYC through its Media Cell said that the closure of the offices today is because the offices around the country have not respected the Nongkrem festival like the government. I have declared a holiday on this day.
As a Member of the Literary Committee, Seng Khasi Kmie, he has contributed many articles to “Ka Sneng Khasi” and has been a Member of the Editorial Board on every occasion that the Seng has published. Complete Remembrance.
The reshuffle of the MPCC office bearers is to strengthen the party before the state goes to the MLA elections to be held this year in the next few months.
Others who attended the event were Matsiewdor War Nongbri, Director Sports and Youth Affairs, Pravin Bakshi, Secretary, Sports and Youth Affairs and officials from various government departments. day.
“This decision was strongly opposed by the Forum at the meeting, as Block-1 will be moved to Karbi Anglong, Assam.
Acting Chairman BL Nongum handed over the donation to BDO P Mukhim. Speeches were also delivered by Joint Secretary Daniel Kharshandi, Chairman Ri Bhoi District.
On the other hand , the land owners said that they will not be allowed to work unless they have received the land rent . NHAI has allocated Rs 5 crore for the land rent It remains only for the Land Department of the Government to complete the documents to pay the land fee and start the construction of the road.
On the other hand, Bah Rynga urged all the supporters not to be misled anywhere but to remain on their own foundation and strong mind by working hard physically and mentally until they reach the top. thong of glorious victory.
This naim ceremony lasts for many days to complete the rituals in the houses of the kurs and before the ceremony of the village and the Rot there was a three day ceremony and after that the ceremony was held. This Behdeinkhlam is concluded by the cleansing of the village and the breaking of the Rot.
Answering questions, he said that they have come to this job because they have a love for the environment and everyone is now talking about how to protect the environment, to get rid of plastic bags is the only thing. Currently, these SE Organic Bags are plastic bags, the difference is that these bags break down when broken on the ground.
He further stated that he sent a second letter in July as a reminder of the letter he had written in June.
Friends, in the midst of the difficulties we are facing today, it is not appropriate for us to compare the situation in India with other countries.
The affected areas are mainly in the plain areas under the Zikzak C&RD block such as Silkona, Nandirchar, Beparipara, Hridaypur, Daspara, Patelipara and New Kalaichar. jubor in this flood.
Shillong, Nailur 04: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today said that the COVID-19 pandemic has started spreading in Meghalaya.
After seeing this, the BSF have sought land in Umkrem and Erbamon areas to set up this BSF base to protect the border.
Samla Biam said that the Seng has met with the Dr. in charge of these sub-centres, Dr. Getanjali Biswal, but she has not given any permission. Reply to the members of the Seng on the government's closure of these Health Sub-centres.
The Garo Hills Zone will be played at Tura, Ri-bhoi and East Khasi Hills Zone will be played at Shillong SSA on the 5th May. WasaU said that up to 25 teams have qualified and have been able to take part in this tournament.
At this meeting, they decided to set up a Coordination Committee between the two parties to work together in this process to demand their own state and to send a petition to the Prime Minister. India is on this issue.
The Union will also explain the salary increase as well as the reply received from the MHRD New Delhi to all the SSA teachers of all the districts in the State in the coming days. It is clear that this initiative of the State Government and the Central Government will benefit us SSA teachers tomorrow.
He said that the Syiem has the power to revoke the Trading Licenses of those who oppose.
The Minister said that other remaining applications will also be allowed to mine coal after the reports have been sent to the coal availability in the area requested.
“This statement of the FKJGP against this doctor is not new,” said Bah PW Shangpliang, Secretary of the Mawsynram Dorbar Shnong.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 96535 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 94840 have recovered and 1619 have died. everything.
Earlier, the leaders along with three MLAs of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) were blocked by the Magistrates and Police while they were planning to hold a protest in front of the Secretariat. .
The battalion demonstrated its bravery in Operation Cactus Lily in East Pakistan in 1971 and received three Mahavir Chakra and two Vir. Chakra.
Besides these, there were no other players to win the bronze medal after no more players in this category.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Suddenly, without thinking, while the crisis and disaster is still affecting our people with various issues of the state and central government, now, two more issues have emerged. They have completely destroyed the death and life of the human race.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Project Director, District Rural Development Agency, Nongpohu District, Shillong, on Tuesday informed the public that the names of those youths who are eligible to receive assistance from PMAY-G have been prepared by the office. Their names have been posted on the notice boards of Umsning, Jirang, Umling and Bhoirymbong C&RD Blocks.
This illegal appointment will affect the investigations into corruption cases that the Lokayukta has filed before the courts,” she said.
Shillong, Lber 16: U Bah Ernest Mawrie, State President of the BJP, today said that Michael Kharsyntiew has been expelled for anti-party activities. u Pramod Koch and Dalu.
The injured were identified as GK Langrai, 2nd Command, 6MLP Bn, WP/Sub-Inspector Meiissa.
Now we have to remove the color that was cleaned earlier.
Schools that have been allowed to open should be encouraged to follow the SOPs issued by the State and UT Education Departments. A decision on the timing of the opening of colleges and higher education institutions may be taken in consultation with the MHA, based on a monthly review of the situation.
The Yatra is a symbol of the largest information mission of the Government of India.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District has received information that some coal traders and coal mine owners intend to mine new coal from their mines.
When inquiring at the scene, it was said that there is no suspicion against anyone and the relatives have requested for the release of the postmortem. South West Khasi Hills District has approved.
In connection with the upcoming festivals, the states also need to ensure that the dissemination of information in the community on the maintenance of preventive lifestyles including the wearing of masks, hand washing and a clean breathing method with distance from one another.
The Director of the Asian Center for Human Rights, Suhas Chakma, said that this is not for any reason but to prevent students from the North East from entering the school. Delhi.
Regarding the new guidelines in the recruitment process in the Police Department, changes have been made in several rules including the removal of Sub Inspector, Constable UB/AB, fireman and others. MPRO operator.
I urge those who are not Khasi or even the Khasi to follow the Constitution of the Village Authority as provided for in the United Khasi Hills Act,
This was announced at a meeting held yesterday in Nongpoh.
Shillong, July 16: The JSU after meeting with the DC and receiving clarification that it is the Meghalaya Pollution Control Board which has authorized in writing to issue environmental clearance for Star Cement from the MoEF&CC. The Member Secretary of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MoEF&CC) has authorized the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change (MoEF&CC) to issue environmental clearance to Star Cement. .
In her speech, Member Secretary Meenakshi Negi IFS, said that the market for herbal medicines has been very large and it is clear that the demand is high and the production is low. great to plant medicine.
At the same time, she urged the central government to take action on this incident as it is not only in Garo Hills but also in Assam.
Furthermore, the article praises India's relations with other countries under the leadership of Prime Minister Modi, which shows how the country works and the development of relations with other countries. such as the US, Japan, and Russia while showing its position on the conflict between Russia and Ukraine.
Shillong, November 17: The SAA teachers under the banner of the All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (AMSSASTA) today staged a strike to demand their salary which they have not received for three months. The meeting was held at two venues in Shillong and Tura.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The West Khasi Hills District Employment Council (WKHVECA) today met with the Minister in charge of Rural Development, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar to discuss the issue. JTS Thongni Chairman of WKHVECA, after a meeting with the Minister, said that the organization has increased the price of works in the villages under the MGNREGS scheme. The Rural Development Department has reduced the price of equipment in connection with the implementation of MGNREGS schemes. The price of 2012-2013 while now reaching 2019-2020, this is unacceptable as the price of commodities has increased in the market.
The Minister said that there are many schemes related to child development through ICDS and ICPS for the health of children in the state.
As a public servant, he said that the Sordar of Marbisu Elaka has been praying for many years on behalf of Dr Basaiawmoit for eternal rest.
The ceremony was also attended by Bah Emerson Dyia, Sordar Mawdem, Nongkhlaw Hima.
Other speakers included the Director of Agriculture, R Majaw, the Sordar of Tynroit, Harkin Warjri, Egensatar Kularkalang and hundreds of people who came to listen to the explanation. Urea fertilizer is available for use.
At the same time, the Deputy Commissioner said that it will be difficult to stop the entry of people from Bangladesh because there is no barrier and it will be difficult for the foreign authorities to do so because of the location. you are light.
More than 11.57 crore animals have been vaccinated so far and the vaccination is ongoing.
Besides, Bah Sniawbhlang, who is also in charge of the Transport Department, said that the construction of the Shopping Complex and parking lot at Khyndai Lad is going smoothly and soon Khyndai Lad will be transformed.
The Government is concerned about the welfare of teachers in the state and for this reason it will set up a Commission to investigate how to ensure the smooth running of schools. in the state.
On the other hand, the party wishes the injured youth a speedy recovery.
The Foundation and the land owners urge the government to inform those experts who come through the Meghalaya Basin Development Agency if they go to hold meetings in areas where there are tree bridges.
He said that earlier the Cabinet had decided to open other markets which used to be held once a day but today the Cabinet has decided to allow the opening of only the village markets where it sells and buys only from that market. region.
Answering questions on the SC Act 2007, Bah Nongrum said that they have not yet received any information that there will be such a tribunal in the state.
The central government has not yet accepted the decision of the Legislative Assembly. The party believes that this demand led by the government is also the responsibility of the civil society. To give their support and force the central government to implement their demands, the party will hold a protest at Jantar Mantar in Delhi.
Lower Primary School, Tynring for the Lower Primary Section.
The Chief Guest, Aitigratis Lyngwa, was also present and was welcomed by Paul Lyngdoh, MDC Jaiaw.
This is to encourage the youth in various sports activities. Those who received this scholarship today are the first to win the North East Olympic Games 2022 which was held in Shillong.
To celebrate this, a program will be held at CRS Nongstoin and Williamnagar.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Ministry of Food and Civil Supplies of the Union Government has convened a meeting of all the Ministers of State Governments in charge of Food and Civil Supplies to a meeting to be held tomorrow morning in Delhi to discuss the issue. How to curb the increase in food prices, said a statement sent by the PIB New Delhi.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Garo Hills District, Mr Vijay Kumnar Mantri, admitted that the presence of insurgents has affected the development works implemented by the government in the district.
The joining of these three members is also part of the efforts to strengthen the NPP for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections and also for the upcoming MDC elections. expected to be at least in the last months of this year.
Two winners from each state came to Delhi to talk about the hero.
The confirmation ceremony was conducted by Firstmooh Kharpamtiah, Assistant General Secretary, Yomikee Passah, Finance Secretary, and Niman.
The FM transmitter at the Community Radio Station (CRS), Nongstoin operates on the 100.1 MHz FM band while the one at Williamnagarun operates on the 100.9 MHz FM band.
“Ka seng is deeply saddened by the decision of some elders to mislead the children of the village regarding the decision to appeal against the RTI application of the union from the Block which can provide detailed information on the implementation of NREGS in the village.
The sixth demand is that MeECL should implement PF, ESI, Gratuity. They said that this is their right as employees.
Eknath Shinde of the Shiv Sena; HD Kumaraswamy of the Janata Dal (Secular); Chirag Paswan of LokJanshakti Party (Ram Vilas); Jitan Ram Manjhi from Hindustani AwamMorcha (Secular); Lightning Right to Janasena; AjitPawar of the Nationalist Congress Party.
There are advancements in technical fields and economic growth in established markets and those currently emerging.
On the other hand, the CEM has sent a letter to the civil society organizations to discuss this issue and in the letter he has urged the civil society organizations to take their time on that day.
If any person is found to be infected with the Novel Coronavirus, he or she will be shifted to a designated hospital for further investigation and treatment.
Democracy is not a gift but a fundamental right of the people and democracy is a sacred trust and those who violate it commit a crime against the country.
He said that if the MLA/MDC is responsible, he should not come and say anything on this.
Shillong, July 27: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) today held a protest against the Agnipath scheme for those who apply for military service together with the Mahila Congress at Congress Bhavan Shillong.
It is a place where you can no longer get clean air and even breathe in the strong winds due to the terrible pollution especially from the power of drugs that can affect and this has been found to be a violation when The Drugs and Cosmetics Act 1940 and the Rules 1945 laid down through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, of the Central Government or even the provisions of various Acts.
The Prime Minister began his speech by congratulating the scientists involved in the development of these drugs.
Out of the 5,15,385 COVID-19 patients so far, they have recovered and been discharged from hospitals.
On the other hand, the MLA urged the Meghalaya government to inform him regarding this matter.
Shillong, March 28: There are 61 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 35 cases in West Khasi Hills and 13 cases in West Khasi Hills. , 516 people are still sick.
Referring to Meghalaya, Dr Mukul admitted that the Congress party will win both Tura and Shillong.
In the letter received by SP News, in the Remarks section, the names of all the Congress MLAs are Rowell Lyngdoh, Shitlang Pale and RV Lyngdoh. , in which his name has appeared twice, Bah P.Tynsong, Dr PW Khongjee and Bah AL Hek in which the name of Bah Hek has also appeared twice and this shows that only MLAs Congress to receive this SCA scheme. (SP News).
Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh is one of the oldest MLAs in the state and has never had any enemies in all these years but this is the first incident in his tenure as leader. it will happen like this.
These include food shops, livestock feed shops and shops selling agricultural tools or equipment.
In a meeting with the PWD officials in the area, the members of the union said that there should be maintenance of the roads in Baghmara from time to time. There are parts of the roads inside Baghmara city which are in extremely bad condition and have become like ponds.
He said that the Monitoring Committee has revealed that many of the families have been left in the gram sevaks and blocks in the past and for many years but now they have been included in the gram sevaks and blocks. they were active participants in the village committees.
Shillong, June 13: The KSU Mawkynrew Circle today donated a donation to the Mawsna Press School.
India also noted the launch of the Big Cat Alliance, which is another important step towards the protection and conservation of nine species of cats around the world through international cooperation.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Friday sent a demand to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to immediately amend the AD Rules, which allow other non-ethnic groups to live in the country. Khasi to participate in the District Council elections.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 649, with 345 cases from East Khasi Hills and 131 cases from West Khasi Hills.
On this question, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that in fact the questions should have been sent to the relevant departments for an answer from the relevant departments, but this question has arrived. sha you branch you thew you woh.
Be sure to find about 25 to 30 contacts per patient.
“He said that in places where there is Modi, Guarantee and Gaadi, the confidence of the people increases and this also fulfills the aspirations of the people.
On this occasion, the Minister of Agriculture urged the people of the area to cooperate with the government in order to provide better health services to the people of the area.
The contractor said that he will not do anything to rebuild the dome and the government has not appointed engineers to check the strength of the building.
The teachers will meet tomorrow morning to take a decision and it is understood that these Adhoc teachers may cancel their strike tomorrow morning as the Prime Minister's Secretary has promised to take a decision. This demand will be announced at the next Cabinet meeting.
Information can be sent to the Special Cell by Call/Text/WhatsApp at 9366790273 or by email: specialcelLekh.
Prestone said that Rymbai is indeed a leader who has served the people of the state, the people of Jirang during the years of his leadership with the Chief Minister. and pray that the soul may find eternal rest.
Speaking to media during the meeting, Meghalaya Home Minister Jasbir Singh Gill MP Punjab expressed his satisfaction to know that the Meghalaya government has provided all the security measures. The same government has the intention to resolve this issue which has been going on for a long time at this place in Themiew Mawlong.
All those who wish to participate can collect the forms from the nearest AIR station. Shillong, March 03: Police of Pastuer Beat House in 14.9.2016 Police have received a complaint that a minor girl has gone missing from her residence in Pynthoumkhrah and it is suspected that Anil Haque of the same place has abducted her. an.
Referring to the two-day night curfew called by the KSU, Bah Kharkrang said that the police have provided security measures so that it will not affect the people. you sit happily sitting peacefully.
Minister Duh said the situation of Covid-19 is changing from time to time across the country.
Also present were the MLA of Jowai Constituency Wailadmiki Shylla, Chief Secretary DP Wahlang, DGP Dr LR Bishnoi, members of the Archery Association of Meghalaya and others.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has issued a public notice today that all markets in Shillong on Saturday 24/7/2021 will be closed throughout the city.
This online platform will also help those who run this business.
It was also clarified that the 10% special allocation for women in the police department will be within the state's special allocation.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The President of the Youth Wing of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah, on Tuesday criticized the statement of Dr Mukul Sangma by saying that tourists are not happy with the roads. Dr Mukul Sangma's statement that the railway line will boost tourism in the state is unacceptable to the party and is just a ploy to mislead the people of the state.
The Dorbar Shnong Laitumkhrah Pyllun has lodged a complaint at the Laitumkhrah Police Station as the video has been circulated on social media. the complaint and the complaint.
Ardent said the District Council has also decided not to levy tax on goods weighing 35 kilos or more for the purpose of using the Hima office for the improvement of the market and for other needs.
This is an opportunity for the youth of Meghalaya to join the army and this recruitment in Meghalaya has come after five years.
He urged the Dorbar Kurs of all the 48 Ministers of Mylliem Hima, according to the Act, to surprise the people to convene the Dorbar Hima Mylliem and not to rush to appoint the Acting Syiem. We urge the Dorbar Kurs of the 48 Kurs Myntri to convene the Dorbar Hima in front of the children of the thousand.
A large number of weapons including AK rifles and bullets were recovered from the suspects.
In a letter sent to the KHADC, the Raid Marwet said that it is clear that they don't understand and they still have to ask for more clarification from the Syiem of Raid Marwet regarding the statement that there is no do not oppose the casino.
The union demands that the NGT should think about this and put human life first and not do anything sudden that affects the lives of people.
Pasi said that if the government opens the Land Custom at Kuliang, the government will be able to generate revenue and it will be more convenient for these traders.
In his speech, Bah Dohling urged the members of the party who have a vision to be the voices for the community. many problems in the community.
Police have registered a case at Pynursla Police Station.
'We have decided to call a curfew on the 30th of this month as a sign of protest and grief of all the residents of JalaphetPyllun over the unjustified killing of our Rangbah Shnong. said Ma H. Chyrmang, former Rangbah Shnong of Jalaphet Pyllun.
He said that the school was built in 1995 and has been running smoothly until now without any problems but as soon as the building was built, the Assam government came to demolish it. says he doesn’t know what to say anyway.
Shillong, March 06: U Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, a prominent football player of India, today filed his nomination papers for the mid-term MLA elections from the 24-Mawphlang (ST) Assembly Constituency in the presence of the Retuning Officer Malthus S. Sangma at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
The Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1945 and 1948 prohibit the sale of medicines without a doctor's prescription. drugs in India are still illegal.
Not only that, but if coal is banned immediately, lakhs of lakhs of citizens of Meghalaya will be affected and the result will be that only thieves and robbers will be left behind. It is clear that the government of India or Meghalaya will not be able to provide employment to all those who will be affected by the coal mining ban.
Regarding the CUET examination, they will seek clarification from the government whether this exemption for the youth of Meghalaya to write the examination will be only now or even in the coming years.
In a meeting with the union, the work is progressing well and the documents have been completed in July. On the other hand, the Minister said that the ground at Patarim and Umsning has also been destroyed.
We must fight for the rights of the children who live there.
When the BSF stopped the investigation, he expressed his regret by admitting that he is a veterinary doctor.
On the same day, the members of the union also conducted a search on the vehicles of the people coming from other states for the implementation of the ILP on the failure of the Central Government to pass the ILP in Meghalaya and The inability of the State Government to implement the MRSSA to curb the illegal entry and exit of mynder.
Speaking at the foundation stone laying ceremony, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that this school is well known all over the country and is of great benefit to the youth in the field of education. for the youth and this school has also produced many great people.
Other evils were also mentioned on this occasion where the addiction to drugs is at the forefront.
Police have urged the public to contact 0364-2222277, 0364-2
He commended the Government of Odisha, the authorities and the people, especially the youth, who have worked round the clock to assist in the ongoing work.
The company has also started recruiting new employees at Laitumkhrah, Shillong, where it has started construction of an expensive building with a capacity of 350 people at Shillong Tech Park.
He said that the youth do not get the State Scholarship Scheme and the National Scholarship Scheme but many students do not get it and many apply because they are struggling to apply for the Scholarship Scheme.
For more information please call +91 9366172780 or +91 9383145301 or +9
Many Khasi (traditional religion), Pnar (Tre religion) and Garo (Songsarek) living and settling in Bangladesh still practice and worship according to traditional religion and have nothing to do with other ethnic groups. religions mentioned in the CAA
The Federation of Khasi States has written many times over the years and met face to face with the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, in Delhi.
Government officials who will conduct the MDC elections in the two District Councils will leave this morning to reach the polling stations scheduled for the 27th of this month. moon.
What the government can do is to introduce policies and infrastructure according to the needs, but to run them forward we need people to run them forward.
On the other hand, the civil society groups demanded that the government should implement the law.
Referring to the demand of the MLA that the police should patrol on market days, the Minister said that the government will take action on this demand of the MLA.
He said that while these three new laws have brought about modern procedures, they will also bring about modern changes and the upholding of the Constitution. of the country.
He said that to ensure that ASHAs are not overburdened, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has recently issued an Executive Order explaining the duties of Medical Officers, Mid Level Health Care Providers and ANMs in all areas where there are shlems are advised to visit more often the villages and to improve the services to the people.
IAS officers of Meghalaya cannot believe that the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya has not been convicted by the CBI while he was Joint Secretary to the Union Government. under the Ministry of Coal mining.
J. Shabong, Chairperson Child Welfare Committee, East Khasi Hills District was also the chief guest.
The meeting was conducted by the General Secretary of the JSU, Treiborlang R Suchen, was sworn in by the President, Jersom Shylla and opened by the Finance Secretary, Tricky Mukhim.
Some of them are that only our indigenous people should be registered if they wish, while foreigners should be allowed to register themselves in their own villages.
We have informed the Prime Minister of this and he has said that he will consider these requests first.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The President of the Congress Youth Wing in Meghalaya, Bah Adrian L Cbyne Mylliem, on Tuesday said that the door is still open for those who have left the party to return home.
The Vice President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Fredrick Kharmawphlang said that the KSU has decided to hold a night curfew on the 4th, 5th and 6th of this month from 9 pm to 9 pm. at 5 o'clock in the morning.
The ceremony was held at St Joseph Higher Secondary School Umden.
The Seng in this inspection has found that there are many foreigners staying in shops, such as Diesha shops where up to 8 foreigners are staying and some are staying up to 15 in one shop. the shop.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The construction of the Umling entry and exit point is in progress and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has said that it will be opened in November. 2020.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will request the government to amend the Second Amendment Bill (KHADC). Maligaon, Nailar 13: The North East Railway has stepped up security inside the Guwahati Railway Station ahead of the Independence Day celebrations. .
One of the objections was on the appointment of MDCs who do not have those leaders. They suggested that the word “Unrepresented Tribes” should be removed and the word “Nominated” should be removed. cannot speak one's own language and this will lead to problems.
These machines have to be installed in safe places to avoid any theft.
Angelica Lyngdoh Mawphlang has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 20th of June, robbers stole a shaka from her vehicle (ML-05Q 1016) parked at Umphyrnai, Lad Smit. Shillong.
Shillong, November 08: Out of the three Regional Committees set up by the Meghalaya government to look into the border issue with Assam, two have submitted their reports to the Chief Minister, Cornad. Today.
MPCC Secretary Charles Marngar welcomed the guests and MPCC Working President PN Syiem welcomed the guests. Shillong, November 07: Na Rympei FC has won the title. The 1st Hynniewtrep U-16 Football League was organized by the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC).
The Assam government has now received the report of the Meghalaya government and Meghalaya has received the report of Assam. inform the public.
When the CEM of KHADC, Pyniaid Sngi Syiem, raised the request for more funds in connection with the Legislative and the cut motion was tabled by Teinwell Dkhar, Ronnie V Lyngdoh said, He said that the rule is that the office of the Chairman cannot bring a cut motion.
The parking lot at Khlieh Iewduh will be used only for the sale of Dohkha and pylleng.
The meeting also decided that the government should take measures to prevent the use of social media to spread information. Police have also arrested those involved in such cases.
The NECDC was established in 2016 with the aim of becoming a full member of the BCCI of the seven states of the North East – including Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland and India. Sikkim.
The union would like to warn the District authorities and the District Level Team not to mislead but to show how to do and on their claim that they do not implement the Work Permit system we as the union. We are happy to say that we cannot accept.
On the same day, KSU Pahammawlein Arphewmer Circle under the leadership of Samla Khrawbor Sylliang President and in the presence of Samla Lambok Rymbai General Secretary NKHD Unit, has erected signboards at Umling Entry Point to demand from the state government and The KSU Northern Border Area has also erected signboards in Khanapara, Raid Marwet and along the National Highway so that the government will not listen to the government. The signboard was led by Samla Alexius Narleng, President of the Northern Border Area and members.
He said that he wanted to meet with Bah Danngo but he could not.
The KSU said that the deployment of BSF along the NH-6 is illegal and this does not help to protect the border and cannot prevent the smuggling of Bangladeshis into India.
Also present on the occasion were Dr.A Chellakumar in charge of Meghalaya, RV Lyngdoh, Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Charles Marngar MLA and MDC Deputy Chairman of KHADC. Shillong, July 09: The AICC Secretary Dr A Chellakumar on Tuesday said that the Congress will come back to power in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. in the state of Meghalaya.
When we ask the village leaders why they don't work well on the road, they say they don't get money from the Government.
He said that if his opinion, the MDCs also agree, they have to amend the Servie Rule by bringing it in the House and then send it to the DC (A) for approval. “If you accept that you can implement it, otherwise you can't do anything,” said the CEM.
This Helpline will be for the entire state of Meghalaya, this assistance is not only for consumers, but also for Insurers and Banks as well.
John F Kharshiing, said that it is very important at this time to convene the Dorbar Ri to continue the decisions of the Dorbar Ri on 14 Jan 2004, the second on 6 October 2007 and the third on November 2011.
The time will come when, if they can no longer steal easily, they will reach the border to take their weapons and enter the houses.
Eastern West Khasi Hills District on 14th July 2023 commemorated the three martyrs of Eastern West Khasi Hills District who sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country. protect the land from the hands of enemies.
The KSU said that the KSU will strongly oppose if the government intends to move forward on this issue, as long as it happens, they will say no to the municipal elections.
The total cost of these three schemes has reached T.14,45,000/-. All these schemes have been funded from the SUWP which is the MLA scheme.
It is for this reason that party leader Sonia Gandhi has approved the name of Kong Wansuk Syiem.
The robbers have robbed the soul of these shijur.
Thus, it is a valid test that is only available for a short period of time.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima on receipt of a complaint that some people have planted paia on the road at Basa Soh in Iewduh and this has damaged the road in that area has sent a cut off the pairs.
He expressed his gratitude to the Vice Chancellors of Universities, Directors of various institutions and officers who organized this meaningful program through their participation and discussions in the workshop. .
As the MLAs of the district who are also in power in the MDA government, they should say something about this discrimination in the district if they really have a responsibility for the students.
In this regard, the CEM of KHADC has called for a meeting with the village leaders in the presence of the EM in charge of Elaka Affairs, Bah James Sylliang.
BDR Tiwari, Commissioner & Secretary to the Governor and Chief Electoral Officer, Government of Meghalaya, was also present as the chief guest.
In order to provide universal access to the Internet, PM-WANI services are now available through various Public Data Office Aggregators (PDOAs) and PDOs.
Shillong, March 20: Opus Production, after five years, will revive the Shillong Autumn Festival 2018 to be held at Umiam on the 26th and 27th of this month.
On the other hand, the Deputy CEM of the council, Bah PN Syiem, said that the sudden appearance of the council is not justified. The Deputy CEM said that in fact at the time of his explanation they accepted but now we don't understand why they haven't come out suddenly and added that this is because they don't want the EC to vote. now I will go to Khamt to pass the bill.
In her speech, Neveula M Sangma, one of the teachers who was honored as the best teacher, urged the parents to inform the authorities to get treatment for the children. the children of their hands.
The conference will be led by the Chief Secretaries, Additional Chief Secretaries, Principal Secretaries and Registrar of Cooperatives along with the heads of 40 Cooperative Groups and other groups operating across the country.
On the other hand, the President of the School in his speech said that India is a country of many ethnic groups and this has led to the closeness of people to make India a country of robust.
The KSU leader said that if there is less traffic, it will also reduce the spread of the disease.
Bah Khongwir said that the public meeting was a success with the participation of the people.
Shillong, November 11: A group of students from the North East today held a Lama rally across the states of the region to protest against the passing of the House of Representatives. The Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2019 will be passed by Parliament on 11 November
This is the first time that such a physical meeting has been held between the two countries and this is a sign that the two countries have a close relationship.
In the tie breaker, Na Rympei FC managed to score all the goals while Tanaw FC were denied one goal by the opponent's goalkeeper which led to the team losing in the final.
The BJP believes that the victory of the party is because the people of India have confidence in the BJP to bring about change in the development of India as a whole.
The Enforcement Directorate has launched an investigation into the concealment of corrupt money in connection with this incident.
The members of the union also banned the forced regularization of any foreigner who works temporarily within NEIAH. The union will take strict measures, at the same time it has ensured that no temporary employees should be made full time employees.
“It is regrettable that the Nongmihkhmat has not considered us the residents and others affected by this decision and the Nongmihkhmat has immediately announced to evict the land vendors,” she said. Wankhar.
The Chief Minister said the government will encourage the people to set up houses and the government will provide up to 70% of the cost. These houses in the state will have between 5000 and 6000 rooms.
On the other hand, Bah Law, after receiving the approval from the neighboring villages, went to the Syiem of Marwet Raid to ask for approval. KHADC General Secretary Donal V Thabah said that the allegation that the Hima is a place is wrong and the KSU General Secretary Donal V Thabah should have resigned. forbid that she should appear unclean in the sight of the people.
The Minister said that they have worked hard as much as they can because we want to implement the NEP 2020 in the coming days, although many schools have told the government that they cannot implement the NEP in these years, However, they also have to state that from the 2024-2025 session but to continue for a few days.
On this occasion, the sponsors of the organization also donated about 100 shatri to the children of this school.
According to Bah Ryngkhlem, the Mupliang Presbyterian Church has more than 800 members.
The CEM outlined the areas in which the council will spend for the operation of the council and also mentioned the areas in which the council will generate revenue for this fiscal year. 2023-2024.
The sudden suspension of operations including Banks, Post Offices and Company Offices started from Mawlai including FCI Mawroh, Lumdiengjri, Motphran and Khyndai Lad, Laban and Laitumkhrah. , Malki Nongthymmai, Nongmensong and other villages.
Many of the residents of Shillong have asked the question why these water pipes of the GSWSS have been burning more and more these days and this bursting has put the residents of Shillong in trouble. on the other hand.
Besides, Sampath Kumar, Principal Secretary, Health and Family Welfare and others will also serve as Principal Secretary, Forests and Environment.
Shillong, Lber 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Cabinet meeting held today has discussed two important issues, one on the rule of law. 21 of the MMDR Act, regarding the transportation and storage of illegally mined coal, rules have to be made by the State Government.
Bah Shangpliang said that the site has been selected and the site has been donated by the SDO of PWD inside the IB phalor in Dangar for the construction of the tower. .
Regarding the payment of wages, there is no problem as it is paid every 15 days, but the delay is only in the payment of wages, Meghalaya has moved forward. in the implementation of MGNREGA because through this it has built buildings which have benefited the people in the villages.
He was accompanied by his wife Kamalpreet Dhanoa, President of the Air Force Wives Welfare Association (AFFWA).
In the end, it is their confidence that will build the India of the future.
Other speakers included Deputy Chairman Alvin K Sawkmie, Lamphrang Blah, RV Lyngdoh and all the members of the House who were present in the House today.
He said that three years ago when he assumed the post of Prime Minister, he had met with Bah Paul Lyngdoh from time to time but he had never said anything regarding this issue. It is about the influx of foreigners, but he used to talk only about the backwardness and how to create job opportunities.
John said that the MSOA has taken all necessary measures to provide for the needs of the participants of the 4Meghalaya Games
Shillong, Nailur 08: There are 12 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in North Garo Hills, 1 in Ri Bhoi and 1 in South West Garo Hills. West Garo Hills 5, West Jaintia Hills
Speaking to reporters, Rabiul Islam, Managing Trustee of the Center for Substance Abuse Prevention and Care (CSAPC) Guwahati, said that the number of people who have been infected with these drugs has increased. The water supply in these two cities has increased.
Shillong, Lber 21: The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday said that the investigation into the complaint registered at Nongpoh Police Station No. 25 (3)24 u/s 120B/1 Two persons have been arrested under Section 10/13/18 of the UA(P) Act and Section 5/6 of the Explosives Substance Act.
Shillong, July 09: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills, has been arrested.
The Vice Chancellor agreed with the demand of the union and promised that NEHU will give special opportunities to Khasi students who apply for various jobs and who can complete them. NEHU does not require these rules.
Adelbert said that the protest has been going on for three days but what is the result, the shooting has affected the children and the elderly.
(To date, out of 54 Himas - including 25 Khasi States - the KHADC authorities have already drafted 19 Hima Acts and many of these 19 Himas do not have Rules. to make Acts and Rules for 35 Himas including Acts and Rules of Raids, Shnongs and especially of Dorbar Kurs.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Ministry of Arts and Culture of the Government of Meghalaya today held a meeting among the intellectuals of the North East to discuss how to overcome the beliefs of the people of this northeastern part of India.
53-Ampati and Miani Dalbot Shira, 54-Mahendraganj and Dikkanchi Dalbort Shira, 55-Salmapara Winnerson D Sangma, 56-Gambegre and Sadhiarani M Sangma, 57-Dalu and Sengal A Sangma, 58-Rongra Dr. Rajesh M Marak, 59-Chokpot and Lazarus M Sangma, 60-Baghmara.
However, in Meghalaya, the revenue generating areas are only in four areas, namely the three wards of Police Bazar or Khyndailad, Jail Road, European Ward and Contonment and since ancient times the normal Shillong.
At this meeting, both sides in the presence of the Assam Police agreed to resolve the issue by mutual understanding to avoid any tragic incident.
Fourteen football teams from Upper Shillong, Wahlang, Manai, Pyndemumiong, Thynroit, Mawphlang, Mawkneng, Siejiong, Pommura-Nongkynrih, Mawlai Datbaki, Urur Rangshken and Mawprem took part in the tournament. for three days from 21st March to 25th March 2023 at Rangshken Stadium.
The Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, told SP News Agency that seven policemen were injured in the incident. of the public to the police.
Shillong, July 25: The Meghalaya Agriculture Department has set up a goat farm at Nongshillong in West Khasi Hills District with 80 goat farms.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that this is the first time that up to T.1700/- crore has been allocated for development works to improve the livelihood of the people. receive their income through various schemes.
The arrested include the Chairman, the Commander in Chief, the General Secretary and the Area Commanders of West Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills, the recruiters, the information officer of the group and others. three other members of this group.
Regarding this request of the DSEO, the schools have asked the parents to inform whether they have already given the vaccine to the schools.
Lawai said the party has sent a letter to all the MLAs in the ruling party, not to invite them.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, Thomas Sangma, today said that the construction of the new Legislative Assembly of the State could be completed within this year.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 375, mostly from East Khasi Hills 89 and West Garo Hills 70. The total number of recoveries in the state is 53638 people so far.
The Seng suggests to the Government to call for a meeting with the drivers of commercial vehicles because perhaps the demands can be resolved.
On this occasion, Process said that in fact it was scheduled to take up the issue today, but it has changed and said that it cannot be discussed because it is still under investigation.
Of these, 13 people have tested positive for COVID-19 while working as a waiter at the Greenwood Resort in Ri Bhoi. .
We provided everything.
Speaking in the House, the CEM of KHADC said that the reason for his opposition to the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code is because it will affect the customs and traditions of the people. as a nation.
I am confident that through the political system we will be able to continue the mission that we have in our hearts and I am confident that the Hynniewtrep people will give us the right hand and the right hand so that we can achieve our goals. “Our nation and the state have longed for it,” he added.
They must immediately submit their Bio-Data along with their education certificates or original certificates to prove their completed education.
The arrangements for the celebration of the Seng Kut Snem as mentioned above will be exactly the same for this year due to the outbreak of the pandemic and the prohibited restrictions and audit rules and regulations laid down by the government.
Shillong, July 21: Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) LG Nongsiej today informed the House that the office has accepted the no confidence motion tabled by Teinwell Dkhar of the UDP. The NC against the Executive Committee led by Bah PN Syiem was appointed by Bah Teinwell Dkhar. at the office of the Secretary Legislative of KHADC at about 10 pm in the presence of Bah Pyniad Syiem to hand over the NC. At 11.25 pm, the Chairman, before starting the other proceedings of the House, announced that there has been an NC brought by Bah Teinwell Dkhar. Shillong, July 18: The State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) today concluded the search for the bodies of the victims of the earthquake in Tharia, Ri Bhoi District in 38 hours.
“This incident has shocked the people and they are living in fear,” said the union in a petition submitted to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
He said his department has set a target that before the 2028 Olympics, India should be among the top 10 countries in sports.
The Federation of Khasi States also expresses its gratitude to the other MLAs of the House from both sides who stood up to support the Instrument of Accession and especially the rules of the Instrument of Accession. Annexed Agreement under a special Article in the Constitution of India.
The office bearers of the KSU Photjaud Rangthong Unit are: Everwell Robin Thongni has been elected as President, Vice President, Kelvin Thongni, General Secretary, Shiningstar Lyngdoh and Ricky S. Iawphniaw as Assistant Secretary. One other office bearer of the party has also been appointed.
This was stated by Denishan Iawrod, Asst Organizing Secretary, KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
They were identified as Uma Shankar Rai, 25, Ramji Rai, 50, Suraj Rai, 32 and Lallu Rai,
Limited Mumbai and Jamini Talukdar, the opening ceremony was held at Shillong Club in the presence of many dignitaries.
The building will be able to serve the needs of passengers until 2026-2
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Bah Pestone Tynsong, said that the election for the MDC will be held on 28th June
On their return, the supporters of the NPP and AGP welcomed all the leaders at the Guwahati airport with ksieng ka dhah.
However, in the last nine years of BJP leadership, the Prime Minister of India has visited North East India more than 50 times. and the increase in the number of residents of the North East who have visited the North East more than 50 times since the Prime Minister visited the North East shows that Narendra Modi loves shisha is in the North East.
The order was issued to close schools this morning to ensure that students and teachers are safe from any tragic incident.
According to the advertisement, the DMHO office has asked for those who have worked as Staff Nurses during the time of Covid-19 and who have experience for about three years. They don't have the skills for up to 3 years to work as Covid Nurses when the outbreak of Covid-19 takes only 1 year or less.
The injured were identified as Baiahunlang Lyngkhoi, 20, Shisha Mary Kharlaloo, 32, and Terridian Lyngdoh,
This was announced at a meeting held today at the Yojana Auditorium at the Shillong Secretariat to increase the number of street lights in the villages to avoid darkness.
HYC leaders and village officials were present on the occasion.
There are 39 applications for EIA, 26 applications on line, 26 applications from the State Environment Impact Authority and 95 applications applied through the District Environment. There are 36 applications pending under the review of SEIA and DESA.
Shillong, June 01: U Titosstarwell Chyne MDC of Sohra and Chief Executive Member of KHADC, on Tuesday said that after the elections in GHADC, he will meet with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma. Speech on the demand for the South East Khasi Hills District.
Praising the increase in spending on economic growth, Modi said it has increased wealth and prosperity, MSMEs and livelihoods.
The teachers have worked hard to spend money, time and energy but the NIOS has not done anything and the authorities have not listened. The violation of the rights of the teachers because it has not been able to produce the right results even after one year and nine months and has violated its own rules.
Swami Divyaswarupananda, Center In-charge, Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Center gave the keynote address.
When the BSF searched the tarpal covers of the two trucks, they found that there were 10 Muid in one truck and 20 Muid in one truck. They were sent to Bangladesh.
The theme of this year's celebration is “Through cooperation to achieve the goal of success in development”. The celebration was held at Mawtap, Pyllun, Sohiong C&RD Block.
There are nine ethanol petrol stations in the North East, of which five are in Assam and one in Meghalaya, the Union Minister of State for Home Affairs said at a meeting.
The Commander-in-Chief, Norok X. Momin, who was present at the scene, escaped from the scene along with seven others.
It is reported that for the tyndong lyer, the increase or decrease is at the beginning of each month.
The HYC hopes that the struggle with the NDA will win and we will get the ILP like Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Nagaland and Manipur.
If you have any questions, please contact the Association.
There are 7 recoveries, 5 cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from East Garo Hills and 1 case from West Garo Hills.
Almost all the employees of the Regional Rural Bank Shillong attended the meeting.
When Gandhiji and his wife Kasturba traveled to Champaran in Bihar for a peasant protest, they devoted their time to educating the people in the area, especially women and children as well as to teach them about hygiene and health.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Charles Pyngrope, has suspended 10 months for 10 NCP MLAs, who have been accused of joining the NPP. PA Sangma, former Speaker of the Lok Sabha.
In the midst of these discussions, it is expected that the government will resolve the issue and open the door for talks and discussions, as the state government does not have land under the jurisdiction of the District Councils. .
Curfew passes can be applied through the website. This order will also not apply to ration shops, shops and retail shops recognized by the government.
While Bah Hamlet Dohlieng in his speech said that the candidate Bah Paul Lyngdoh hopes that he will be able to help the people, how many MPs from Meghalaya have gone to sit in the party. the Legislative Assembly in Delhi but all these have failed to address the problems of the people.
“Bangladesh is not a country; The deportation of the Ronghiya from Myanmar; And the exclusion of more than 40 lakh people from the Assam NRC, this will put Meghalaya at great risk because the goal of such ethnic groups maybe to bsuh head in Meghalaya, because according to the In Jaintia Hills, as the days go by, the number of unknown poi-ei has increased and the number of foreign shops has increased.
The training sessions will be posted online and will be available through SWAYAM for all teachers from 1st March each year and subject to acceptance, they will continue in July.
Dr Jitendra Singh praised them for working with the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) to fight the pressure by building a titanium hull.
However, the Congress will not leave the state and will respect whatever the people have decided, said Bah Karnes.
You have been awarded the Kynsai Kordor 2023 for your great contribution to the field of Khasi music.
“On the Society of RR Colony, the Rangbah Shnong said, “We have not banned the operation of the Society because it is a registered and old Society.
Other speakers on the occasion included the Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Sampath Kumar, Archbishop of Shillong, Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, Deputy Commissioner, Bah Wilfred Nongsiej, Provincial Superior of Holy Cross North Indian Province, Sister Linet and Administrator of Holy Cross Health Centre, Mairang, Sister Jesse Jose.
The office bearers of the SSSM for the term 2016-19 are Kitboklang Nongphlang, Vice-President Liver Son Kharbudnah, General Secretary Jonah J Kharir and seven other office bearers. The Executive Committee and 19 members of the Executive Committee elected from various Dongs and Kyntoits of Mawklot Village.
““The sad thing is that the NHAI has cleaned only the parts of the road that are still in good condition and left the cow dung along the road.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Meghalaya States AIDS Control Society (MSACS) as part of the fight against HIV and AIDS in the state and also to raise awareness among the public, will hold a 'Red Fest' North East Multimedia Campaign'
The Seng said that these movements of Bengalis from Assam and West Bengal may be due to the upcoming Assembly Elections in these states.
The meeting was convened by the Union Health Minister JP Panda in the presence of the Health Ministers of all the states of India.
However, the permit expires on October 31 this year.
There are 380 non bobded nurses who have taken the examination and 180 posts have been vacant. All of them have passed the written test and are now waiting for the result of the personal interview. The examination has been held since April 2013 and the examination has been conducted by the selection committee.
As can be seen from the situation in the Khadar administration, there are some political obstacles which have affected the struggle and in the union, by respecting those who have not yet there are leaders who are as tall as those who were ancient in the beginning.
Prestone said the order will come into force from today and if anyone violates the rules laid down by the government while they are in quarantine, they will be punished under the Pandemic Act. federal law.
The chief guests on the occasion were Prof. AC Phukan, Dean (Academics), NEIGRIHMS, Shillong, and Prof. Abhichal Chattopadhya, HOD, Dept.
On the issue of kilo cut, he said that now there are no authorities who have not yet discussed but everything has been discussed, but no one has listened because face to face with the traders have also gone to discuss, some of them have been arrested. and the king also issued a decree, but no one believed.
Thousands of people from all over the country have come to witness this great day which is usually held at Madan Weiking.
The delegation was led by Vice President Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, Secretary Isaac Basaiawmoit, Chief Organizing Secretary John Lyngdoh and others.
This was learned by Bah John F Kharshiing in 2016, and he announced this news at the meeting of the Union. Kur Kharkongor, Kharshiing and Kharlor, which was held in front of Law Kyntang, Mawphlang, in July 2016, and it was on this information that led Bah John Kharshiing, to visit the village to search for fact.
In another question, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to a question by Bah Process T Sawkmie, said that the implementation of the NRC is the responsibility of the Central Government and not in the hands of the Central Government. state government.
The Seng also strongly condemns the Government for not being able to explain according to the letter what the goods are and why it is not possible to stop until the disease is clean.
After a while, he returned with some villagers, shouted against the BSF troops and shot a video to insult the army.
Shillong, June 20: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongmynsong Unit Circle today arrested four youths who were trying to traffic in drugs in Nongmensong village.
In Meghalaya alone, the state will receive T.35.47 crore.
Therefore, the Seng urges the vendors, drivers and others to go to the bank so that it will be easier for them especially for the people of the area, said Mr Phiradaker Marwein. Hills District.
Regarding the recent inspection of the Ïewduh, the CEM said that the District Council has also set up a committee to ensure the safety inside the Ïewduh and the surrounding villages and the cleanliness.
The Seng urges the parents of the area to join hands with us.
Those who attended the meeting were the Sirdars, Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs of Sohra area including Ministers, Executive Members of Sohra Hima, and Nongsynshar from other Elaka.
Shillong, Nailar 08: There are 16 new cases of COVID-19 in East Kahsi Hills, 6 cases in Ri Bhoi, 2 cases in South West Garo Hills and 2 cases in West Garo Hills. 5 cases, 36 cases have recovered today.
In this regard, the union has seen that the KHADC has passed a resolution in the Durbar not to issue NOC for the mining of uranium.
SDO Civil Cyril Diengdoh was also present.
Speaking to reporters after inspecting the Madan Kyndong, Ransam, Chairman of the Committee, said that the Assam government in 1969 had given the land to JJM Nicols Roy. Committee 78000 feet around to preserve the name of the father of the District Council in this place.
The Seng Khasi also celebrated the 100th Anniversary of the Seng Khasi Higher Secondary School, Jaïaw.
R.S Moshaharry.
On the opening day of the two-day Monolith Festival, there were many traditional dances from different parts of Ri Khasi, Shella, Lyngngam, Mawphlang and other himas. the dance will continue tomorrow.
The Secretary, Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong, Swami Hitakamanandaji Maharaj congratulated the students and urged them to accept the teachings of Swami Vivekananda so that they can achieve success in their lives.
They said that they have received information from the District Medical Health Officer of South West Khasi Hills District whom the union has met to discuss the problems of the patients in different places in the state. The union is shocked to learn that the government spends only 40 tyngka per patient who goes to sleep at Mawkyrwat CHC. treatment in government health facilities.
Members of the House who took part in the discussion before passing the MGST Bills 2017 were Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, Bah T Chyne of the UDP, Bah D Jyndiang, Bah D Jyndiang, Bah T Chyne of the UDP; Jowai, July 12: The KSU Laskeiñ Circle has warned against any group or persons who take advantage of the leadership. Sengbhalang or any groups who demand money in the name of various groups or individuals who are just in the name of Sengbhalang and who insult the Sengbhalang in Laskeiñ Circle especially the KSU. The Seng strongly condemns such people who have a patriotic attitude but who are not from within as crowns of our country.
Dr.Arvind C.Ranade, Scientist ‘F’, VigyanPrasar; u Rahul Ausekar, National Enlightenment Promotion Forum, Aurangabad, Maharashtra; Dr.Parimal Chandra Bhattacharjee, President, North East Science Movement, Assam (VIBHA Chapter); Dr. US Dixit, CIKS, Indian Institute of Technology, Guwahati attended the opening ceremony.
Standor Lawryniang of Umtyrsen village under Nongpoh police station has lodged a complaint that the body of Warding Warjri, 47, was found from his residence. Police have arrested another person on suspicion of involvement in the incident.
Martin M Danggo of the NPP, Jackiush A Sangma Congress and Pynshngianlang Syiem of the PDF have filed their nomination papers. cut on the 6th of this month.
On the other hand, the union demanded that if the police cannot protect the members of the union and their families by immediately arresting such criminals, the union will not refuse to protect them. You must take part in the protection of your members from thieves who harass your members from time to time.
They showed a spirit of selflessness for the country.
East Khasi Hills District Police said that these two persons were arrested on the night of 10/3/2024 on charges of involvement in the bomb blast at the Syndicate Bus Stand on the night of 9/3 /2024.
In 2021, the university has purchased 5 acres of land at Mawksiang in the name of the university. departments of the state government who have provided support to the university to acquire land for the construction of buildings to conduct the training.
Shillong, November 19: The Government today issued a public notice on the allegation that the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah WMS Pariat has violated the rules of the GAD department. that this is wrong because those who wrote it did not even check the facts.
“For the last 10 years, we have been trying to come up with a separate system because we believe that majority is needed to run the government but consensus is also essential to run the country ," said Prime Minister Duh.
However , the General Secretary of KSU JHDU urges the government authorities to take action against such activities so that there will be peace and order and development works in these areas. region.
In the Sub Junior category, Rohit Rawani Singh won the Gold medal and Mercyfull Shadap won the Bronze medal.
Shillong Lajong FC and Langsning FC follow in third and fourth positions on 15 points each, with Lajong in front based on head-to-head.
The 'SankalpSaptaah' is the result of these thoughts.
There are 154 bridges covering 13 rivers (one of which is the Ajay River which is about 1077 metres), 05 national highways and 03 railway lines.
The KSU Bangalore Unit requests the Chief Minister and the Minister in charge of GAD to expedite the construction of the Meghalaya House under the government for the benefit of the people of Meghalaya. for the people were distressed in that city.
Regarding the Facilitation Centre, the President of the KSU said, “What is the benefit of the Government building a Facilitation Center at Umling which has not yet been implemented and is just a waste of public money by the KSU? crore rupees.
Objective CP 7.
During the search, police recovered two golden tins containing Herion, 33 small plastic tubes containing Herion, two injection needles. , two mobile phones, 10 Bangla rupees, T.615 rupees and T.95 rupees.
These two students are Iftikar Ali Mondal and Ummay Habiba Begum, and all the other names of the students are the same. This letter was sent to the school on 29/0 /2020.
These Members of Parliament were also informed that after a thorough consideration of the letter from the Chief Executive Members and the Federation of Khasi States, the National Commission for Schedule Tribes in April The Ministry of Home Affairs (MoHA) has sent a directive to the Ministry of Home Affairs to take measures to amend and incorporate the IOA & AA into the Constitution of India. , which has sent back a letter of clarification from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Councils (KHADC) since 3rd August 2012, which the KHADC authorities have not taken action to respond to due to the conflict of interest ( conflicts of interest).
They have filed their nomination papers today: UDP from Umsning constituency, Kennedy Cornelius Khyriem (INC) from Mawphlang, HSPDP from Nongstoin, HSPDP. ), Rambrai Jyrngam, Rongara Siju, Rophul S. Marak as Indepednet, Samuel M. Sangma as Independent.
Expressing the objectives of the Council, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem said that the Council wants the people living in Raid Nongtung to maintain peace and order and the ancient buildings in the area.
The state government has already sent letters to the central government through the DoNER Ministry and the NEC to the central government requesting assistance for this purpose.
The protest by the teachers is to demand that the government should pay the salaries of the teachers on time to implement the education policy and to improve the examination system at the MBOSE. Chairman of the day said that all the teachers who took part in the strike are 14000 adhock teachers and 1000 deficit teachers including schools and colleges.
Chairman of the KSU Employment and Monitoring Cell, Samla Ruben Naijar, while talking to media, said that although NEHU has expressed its willingness to move forward with the implementation of the NEP, it has become clear that there are many challenges. especially in relation to the syllabus.
He said that the work of installing the wires has been going smoothly, there has been a meeting with the police chiefs to look after the security, MePDCL to install the station light, the forest department to plant trees, the water supply department. to supply water, the NIC to build Internets.
The union wants to speak out because the dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills have used trucks with up to 18 shaks to transport dewbilat, clinker and other products from the factory.
Walking and cycling will reduce the risk of heart disease, diabetes and other diseases and will also benefit the environment as these contribute to the cleanliness of the environment, he said.
Shillong, Naitung 01: U MLA of Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Mayralborn Syiem today held a meeting with a group of officers of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to discuss the work of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Health in Ribhoi District.
The President of the union, Samla Banjop Marsing, said that in the past years, the union has already informed the Minister of Education to rebuild the school.
He said that 50 years have passed and it has been seen that this reservation policy needs to be renewed. I bah Ardent.
Shillong, Lber 09: The All India Congress Committee (AICC) will announce its MP candidate for the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Seat on Tuesday along with other candidates in India.
The Services team has reached the final in 13 bouts and has won 10 out of these 12 bouts.
More than 1,000 people who attended the Cherry Blossom Festival in Polo have been forced to leave their homes due to the lack of permits. to enter the field.
Shillong, Naitung 11: BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh in South Garo Hills District today seized four bags of Ganja from Kalaichar while smugglers were trying to smuggle it to Bangladesh.
Speaking to reporters, Minister BN Shanpru said that the hasty action of Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem to grant land titles to the Raid Mylliem without the permission of the Dorbar Hima Mylliem is an act of violence and The illegal sale of Hima land as stipulated in Rule 2 (37) of the Administration Rule, 2015 and violation of Section 7 (e) of the Mylliem Act, and Rule 12 of the Administration of Mylliem Rules,
On the other hand, the law enforcement authorities saw that this would cause a clash and lathi charged the people to leave the area and could stop the clash until at 2.30 pm today.
This is the day of expression of sorrow that the state is still struggling to cope with the problems until now and for this reason this day has been declared as a day of sorrow.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Regional Head of IBT Institute Private Limited, Manash K Sharma, today said that they will soon open a training center in Shillong for the students who have to sit for the examinations. in various fields according to the present era.
With this in mind, 29 labor laws have been converted into four simplified labor codes.
U Bah KS Rani, Leader of the HNYF, said that it is necessary to train from home with the children so that the children can avoid these bad habits in bad beverages like Duma, Kiad especially drugs. Before he reaches the rural villages of this area, he should be careful and vigilant with his children.
The depletion of 60% of the water in the mountainous states is a sign of danger, because the mountainous areas cannot hold water, unlike the plains, this will continue. suffering more and more in terms of water.
At the same time, the Commission congratulates N Borthakur for her support to Tialin during this time of crisis.
As they announced in the Dorbar Hima at the time of their acceptance, if they want to return, they have to go to the Dorbar Hima.
He is the 10th child of Edwin Kyndait and Philomina Dkhar.
In the past few months, the government has looked closely, as the government understands how to do, there are areas that need to be informed to the public and there are areas that need to be put in place so that the people do not panic.
Shillong, Nailur 23: Speaking at a meeting on National Integration in Delhi, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government has decided to to ensure peace and harmony in the state among all ethnic groups.
In the presence of the Kharbuki Kur, Lawmei, the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima on Thursday issued a Sanad confirming Bah Zubestar Kharbuki as the Minister of the Kharbuki Kur, Lawmei. he was appointed as the new Minister of the Kharbuki Kur to lead the Hima.
“The AJYWO strongly condemns the fact that this foreigner took the law into his own hands by shooting and injuring Talbinus Dhar.
Shillong, March 27: The Institute of Bioresources and Sustainable Development (IBSD) today conducted a flower planting training for the staff of the Air Force Museum of the Eastern Air Command.
He said that more than 300 benefit schemes of the Government of India and State Governments have been linked to the CSC. peace in rural areas, landless farmers and Dalit and tribal communities.
Therefore, these Entry & Exit Points have no meaning.
I don't want to call it the National Highway.
Tura, November 23: The residents of Williamnagar township are now in fear to celebrate the coming of Jesus this Christmas. in the West Khasi Hills.
Final and executive decisions.
In his speech, the Governor today launched the Meghalaya State Zoo at Umtrew in Ri Bhoi District for which the government has allocated T.35 crore and the work is in progress.
Tyrsad Circle beat Laban Circle 4-1 while Jaiaw Circle scored six goals against Central Executive Council.
In the Under 19 Girls (single), Angenora Monin won the title and in the Under 19 Boys Doubles, Pratham Majumdar and Raynell Kharbuki became the winners.
It is to be recalled that the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills Police and the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills have raided the Edenbari Resort on the night of 22/7/2 this bag.
The HYC also wants to ask the Meghalaya government on its policy on the peace talks with the armed groups especially with the HNLC. The HNLC also wants to have peace talks.
In the second phase of the programme, connectivity to Mechuka, Tuting and Vijoy Nagar has been prepared.
“We went to Marpna and Mairang, but we couldn't find them.
The Program assists in capacity building within NEIGRIHMS by initially training the faculty on quality and accreditation in hospital care services.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, West Khasi Hills District, has announced that the members of the Boundary Committee from Meghalaya will arrive tomorrow morning. Guwahati to continue the talks.
The Prime Minister and the Cabinet in the State Government have the spirit of helping others especially the day labourers, the low income, the poor, especially during this time of pandemic. N Toi, General Secretary, Jowai, said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
“Police have raided two persons from Mynsaiñ and one from Nongbsap,” said the Rangbah Shnong of Mawthlong Mynsaiñ, Bah Starwell Mawlong. council.
“The KSU initially demanded 1951 as the census year, but during the time of Bah Paul Lyngdoh, after discussions with the village headmen and Hima headmen at that time, they accepted the census year. in the year
He said that if the government is really against the CAB, it should implement the entry and exit points and not be stubborn, it should show its work by introducing laws to protect the CAB. state.
The shooting lasted for about 100 minutes and after the end of the shooting, police searched the area and found a body which had fallen dead. an AK-47 rifle and a 9-mm pistol.
They were arrested after the village changed their behaviour.
“On the opposition to the introduction of the railway line in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, the Minister said, “Of course, there are many problems and we have to look at the advantages and disadvantages.
Shillong, March 23: The Congress party has decided to suspend only Bah PN Syiem from the party for his anti-party activities in many areas. by the party and how the membership of the party has been suspended.
This fee of only T.30 tyngka is a mistake by the DC Ri Bhoi office to the people just because there is no agreement.
During the inspection, it was found that West Jaintia Hills has many stadiums and indoor halls and there may be only a few that need to be built separately.
The success of this program can also be understood through the unity and commitment of those involved in these activities.
When you see people with disabilities or blindness and you want to help them, such as in crowded places, crowded places or crowded places on the side of the road, first speak to them. sound not quiet.
The Police Outpost has been constructed under the PIRF scheme which the SP of the District can do without the approval of the State Government. in 2019 with a allocation of T.17.5 lakh from the Police Infrastructure Renovation Fund (PIRF).
At the same time, how to improve the way of raising money.
At the same time, those government employees whose salary will be less than their income and should not exceed four months of their basic salary or should not exceed 2 lakh tyngka.
Police have arrested three persons and seized one vehicle. Police have registered a case against them at Madanrting PS Case No.111(11)2023 U/S 419/420/511/364A/3 340/34 IPC and the investigation is ongoing to identify those involved.
Speaking in the House, Bah Eguator L Nongrang congratulated the CEM and the committee for electing him as the Deputy Chairman of the House. , Naitung 20: The people of 35-Ranikor Constituency have seen the selfishness of their MLA Martin M Danggo who has resigned for the sake of creating the Ranikor Civil Sub Division, for the benefit of the people. the whole region.
He expressed his desire to see the products produced in India by the country's entrepreneurs in all parts of the world, adding that this can be done through the “Make In” programme. India' of the Central Government.
U Besterwell Dkhar, Asstt.
Among the former ministers in the previous government, u Bah Kyrmen Shylla has been appointed to head the department in charge of alcohol and the department in charge of environmental damage.
At this meeting, the speakers said that crime in these days has spread to the extreme and to fight against it is only through the cooperation of the people.
The Joint Director of Health Services, Shillong, on Tuesday said that there will be a Super Specialty OPDs at the Civil Hospital, Shillong on the 17th of this month from 9 pm. from 4 pm to 4 pm at the Orthopedics Department.
Along with the State Governments, the Union Territories are also participating in the IDY
Shillong, Lber 28: The French Ambassador to India, Didier Talpain, and Anjita Roy Chowdhury, on a three-day visit to Shillong, arrived in Shillong. Embassy, ​​Kolkata, They also visited the Mawphlang High Priest's Law, the Mawphlang Hima.
However, suddenly it was seen that the sign board was not erected by the Office of the Directorate of Tourism Department, Govt.
Secretary, Department of AYUSH Vaidya Rajesh Kotecha, gave his greetings.
Ltd. from Kolkata to deliver sopiing tins to different Block of the State.
Shillong, Nailar 11: There are 51 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 32 in East Khasi Hills, 4 in Ri Bhoi, 1 in South Garo Hills and 1 in South Garo Hills. South West Khasi Hills 2, West Garo Hills 9, West Jaintia Hills 3 cases.
He said that the allocation for MGNREGS and for rural development works has been accounted for.
The ILP demand is no longer new in Meghalaya, but the government has taken a decision on 19th November 2019 and the decision has been sent to the Central Government which the Central Government has not yet approved. my answer.
Police have arrived at the scene to conduct a thorough investigation.
The Prime Minister said that about 30 people who have been in contact with positive cases should be monitored, where they should be tested and quarantined, especially within the first 72 hours.
After retiring from the Indian Postal Service, he worked in the Research and Analysis Wing of the Cabinet Secretariat, where he trained in the field of defence, and Nepal. , Pakistan and China.
Witnesses said that the victim sustained serious injuries and was taken to Nazareth Hospital for treatment.
The ANVC leader confirmed that three members of the ANVC(B) have come to take part in the peace talks. The GNLA leaders have been invited to attend the peace talks for the benefit of the people of Garo Hills.
In addition to this, the adoption of new technologies by all the agencies and the expansion of their approach to flood prevention were also discussed during the meeting.
The Company aims to be an employer that the people of Meghalaya can trust to use their skills and knowledge.
Dated 21.01.1983.
Every year it is the turn of the Meghalaya Cricket Association to hold the awards ceremony and this year it is the turn of the Meghalaya Cricket Association.
Speaking to reporters, he said that he has held talks with all the 11 Deputy Commissioners in the state and also with the District Medical Health Officers to conduct the campaign. come forward.
The teachers of the state after all the talks have ended, they have nothing else to do but today they called for a protest in front of the office of the NIOS in Laitumkhrah.
Thirty-seven cows were seized from different places at the same time. The BSF searched the forests and found many of them hiding in the forests on the border. and Bangladesh.
The religion, customs and life of the Khasi are very unique because they are based on the knowledge of man, the knowledge of God, the knowledge of the Kur, the Kha and the earning of righteousness. they didn't.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma inaugurated Aspire Meghalaya in October this year as one of the initiatives under the Meghalaya Youth Engagement and Training Programmes.
Shillong, Lber 29: U Bah Erwin K Syiem Sutnga, Advocate and President of the Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLU), today sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. Prestone Tynsong, in which he gave advice to the government on how to facilitate the assistance to the workers.
Shillong, Nailur 11: Parents of Step by Step School students at Barik Point, Shillong have protested against the management of the school. Bah Banshai Marbaniang, one of the parents who sent his children to this school step by step, said that the violence against the children in this school has increased. Starting this year, from the opening of the new school building, the parents have been urged to pay once again the school fee which has reached 10,000 tyngka.
The meeting to hand over the land to the NLU will be held at Mawkhanu where the Chancellor of the university will be present tomorrow.
The CoMSO has made it clear that it will continue to remind the Union Ministers who come to the State of the demand for ILP in Meghalaya.
He said that the theme of the women's party is to be the mothers who are the leaders of the party and he too will be able to become an MLA who will carry the responsibility. you shon you paid bah.
Kundrakpam Pradipkumar Singh from Manipur, one of the prominent figures in the competition who is also living with HIV/AIDS, said that the competition was attended by Kundrakpam Pradipkumar Singh. language in this car racing game.
These COVID-19 treatment centers will have 100 beds, one in Tura, West Garo Hills and one in Shillong East Khasi District. These treatment centers will be completed in July
The report released today said that the number of deaths from the disease has decreased by 80% through the precautionary measures taken by the government compared to The incidence of infection has reached 71%.
“If there is a robbery by BSF troops in the Khasi Hills, the Government should take the same measures and not be biased,” said KHNAM. The announcement on July 24, 2023 that the ban on import of fish from outside the state has been lifted has pleased the fish vendors and traders under the banner of Khasi Jaintia Fish. Wholesalers and Retailers Association (WHO) who earn their living by selling fish in Iewduh.
Tura, Lber 15: The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) today released a video recording a speech on the demand for Garoland.
When the CEM of Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council himself visited the road, the KSU immediately stopped the road constructed by Assam within the border of Lapangap village and took immediate action to meet with the DC of West Jaintia Hills. Hills, but why don't our MDCs listen? Doesn't Lapangap fall under the Myntang Shilliang District, in fact we shouldn't even call Lapangap Khanduli as “JHADC's salary and misuse of public schemes”. Border Area" because they did not find that they had invaded the territory of Assam, and it was Assam that crossed the border into Meghalaya.
The Council has immediately called on the Rangbah Shnongs to take action to ensure the entry of foreigners not only from Manipur but also from outside the state. impact in this state.
The KSU urges all the paradoh parasnam of Jaintia Hills from the villages to the Seiñ Khynroo to be responsible and implement their own ILP to curb the illegal entry of foreigners. Juhhi Tariang, Spokesperson of KSU West Jaintia Hills District.
Therefore, these three new laws have been introduced to reform the legal activities related to criminal activities in the country so that this activity becomes more helpful to the people of the country.
Silbi Passah is a resident of Riatsamthiah, Shillong and is well known in the state for the preservation and promotion of traditional music and dance.
These incidents have happened in four parts of Shillong and it is not necessary to get CCTV recordings but what the government has done is the village on the witnesses and when the witnesses are seen the government will not arrest. beat those who don kti.
This training for children is known as “Foreign Investment” which has come through the RMDP since
The Chief Minister said in the House that NEIGHRIMS has been recognized as one of the testing centers for the North East, but to declare a positive test, the National Institute of Neurology has to declare it.
In this order, the DC has banned the opening of wine stores at Police Bazar, Iewduh, GS Road from Motphran to Sani Mandir, Mawlong Hat, Anjelee Parking Lot and Paltan Bazar.
Such incidents have saddened the families who have lost their loved ones, the law enforcement authorities should investigate thoroughly such bloodthirsty people who have lost their souls. Heibor Pariat Organizing of JYF urges the village authorities and VDPs to help I urge the law enforcement agencies to investigate thoroughly against such criminals who are a threat to women and children.
Jowai, Nailur 04: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Central Body is deeply saddened to learn of the passing away of former Chief Executive Member of JHADC, Bah Qually Suiam and EM incharge of CPWD HJADC. The death of Ma Qually Suiam is a great loss to the family, children and the JHADC as a whole. in Jaintia Hills.
), Samla Ostarnic Marbaniang ( Asst.Publicity Secy.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The Grand Council of Chiefs (GDP) today held an emergency meeting on 11th July The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, under the chairmanship of Bah John F Kharshiing, to discuss the KHADC Village Administration Bill 2013, the new amendment. on the preparation of the meeting on the 13th August 2013, at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong.
The union also urges the state government to introduce a law for the recruitment of youth in offices within the border of Meghalaya, especially for post grades. IV in order to reduce the unemployment of the youth.
The Ministry is responsible for covering over-the-top (OTT) and digital news and current affairs programs under the IT Act, 2000 and the provisions thereof.
The opening ceremony of the Mission Football will be played between the players of the North East and the players of India who will entertain the spectators on the day which will be played at you por five o'clock jan mit.
When the program was launched in June last year, eSanjeevani was designed as a platform to provide services to non-COVID patients, but because of the benefits of this work , states have been quick to adapt eSanjeevani to provide health services related to COVID-1
On the other hand, these four villages now demand that MeECL should remove all the electricity post trees which it has planted in these villages as it is a threat to the people. region.
Not all things can be done once, bad habits are chronic diseases.
The following office bearers of the Shillong City including Bah Wanlamphang Kharmujai as President, Bah Pynshngailang Wann as Vice President, Bah Thrangki W. Pohshna as General Secretary and Bah Thrangki W. Pohshna as General Secretary were confirmed. Siangshai was appointed as Assistant General Secretary, Erwin K. Syiem Sutnga was appointed as Spokesperson, Manroibha Kharpuri was appointed as Chief Organizer and Publicity Secretary, Robert Ryntathiang was appointed as Treasurer, Mebanlam Kharmujai and several Executive Members.
“The CS Division falls under the jurisdiction of the border clearance,” he said.
Shillong, July 27: The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) has prepared to hold the 3rd Sohra International Half Marathon 2024 in Sohra. foreign racers.
The government under the leadership of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma does not have time to discuss the ILP issue with the Home Minister of India but has spent time in Delhi to discuss the issue of vacancy in the state. the whole of India.
In a complaint lodged with the Officer in-charge of Cyber ​​Crime, KHNAM Working President Thomas Passah said that Ashwini Upadhyay, a lawyer and BJP leader, in a video circulated on social media, the allegations are false, misleading and most importantly, it sends a misleading message to the entire country regarding the affairs of Meghalaya.
Speaking on the occasion, the President, Samla Purningstar Shabong said that a nation that speaks its own language is a nation that has enlightened, a nation that has understood and a nation that has hope in its heritage. He said that the youth should understand that being clear, intelligent and advanced is not the ability to speak English but the good deeds that they do. and to advance in all respects.
Justice SR Sen's request to allow people from other countries, such as Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan to come to India to become citizens is unacceptable.
Because the government has allowed the elderly to stay at home for many years, the health workers have taken their names. the CCMTs can help by forwarding the names of the elderly to the care facilities to which they belong.
The ATSA leaders expressed their concerns about the Tamil and other Dravidian people in India and also the KSU leaders expressed their concerns and obstacles to the Khasi people.
I went with the members of the party from Mawlai to meet them and the way we talked was why we stopped the RSS programme. I explained my reason why we stopped.
Answering additional questions by the MLA, the Minister said that the School Managing Committee has been set up by the school and they have to inform the DSEO to get the approval of the government. The law has not clearly stated that the village in the school should have its own SMC for Elementary Education and Higher Secondary Education. .
Many participants took part in the event. The event will last for four days.
New Delhi, July 13: U Prime Minister Narendra Modi today addressed the National Rozgar Mela through video conferencing and distributed about 70,000 appointment letters to those who are newly employed. various government agencies.
Saying maki is right, but saying others is wrong and wrong.
At the time of writing, police said they could not give a detailed explanation of the collision, but said that two people on the bike were seriously injured.
By facilitating access to agricultural inputs, knowledge and services, empowering farmers with advanced technology and encouraging good deeds, PMKSKs are ushering in an era of prosperity to farmers.
This is the second visit of Dr Sudhir and this is in accordance with the order of the Supreme Court to visit the area to discuss the pumping of water from these coal mines and will have to submit a report to the government.
Jake Damian Syiemiong, Gideon Tympuin, Bhawanchwadame Lyngdoh Mawphlang, Zimeon Sun, Damanbha Pde, Frederick William Rani, Meshanbor David Rymbai, Bakhamkyrpang Manik Syiemlieh, Banteinam Marbaniang, Iainehlang Lyngdoh Nonglait, Iainehlang Kharbuli, Banshanlang Pohlong, Roger Vincent Kharbamon, Ashraful Nongsiej, Banrilang Lyngdoh Nonglait and Frederick Shangpliang.
Police said they have already investigated but they cannot release it to the public because they need the permission of the government, but now it has ended with the government, why go to the Governor's house? long to demand that this investigation should be expedited.
The MUGH said that the government should implement properly all the laws that exist to curb these activities.
The incident happened on Sunday night when unidentified persons robbed the house and as soon as they opened the door, they opened fire. came in.
The Meghalaya Athletic Association on Tuesday organized a women's race which started at the Sports Authority of India grounds in Nehu.
Explaining the allegation by Praticia Mukhin, Angela Rangad, Theilin Phanbuh, Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Women Commission, Sister Judith and others when they submitted a letter to the Governor, The Bill is that the Bill to discriminate against women is a completely wrong allegation by these people who know the law.
In the 29-member Assembly, 17 MDCs are expected to win the Chairmanship election in the KHADC. Bah Teinwell is one of the MDCs who has won many times. Member of the Legislative Assembly from Shella Constituency.
It was built looking at the needs of the two countries.
It was in 2015 under the supervision of the Prime Minister of India that the air quality monitoring was conducted.
On 30th March, the State Government has issued a directive to implement the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act, 2016 by directing the owners and residents of houses in nine villages in Shillong that they should register themselves in the first watch.
When it comes to Ribaroh as a whole and especially to our own state.
We are proud of training programs that bring order and consistency along with responsibility.
In 2018, three of these MLAs won from the Congress party, Process T Sawkmie, Mayralborn Syiem and Shitlang Pale. Renikton L Tongkhar of the HSPDP and Lambor Malngiang of the HSPDP have joined the UDP.
We have accepted different governments but we see how we face problems when there is a conflict between the laws (party) and the customs (without party) and that most of the rights of the children of the thousand are violated. By the laws issued by the party which has caused the children of thousands to live in peace, many times it is a shame for the Dorbars, Seng Kurs of the children of thousands, Hima/Elaka. They have to go to the High Courts and there have been cases where they have had to go to the Supreme Court.
During the meeting, the Hon'ble Minister promised to take action on this issue as soon as possible.
What about the exhibition 'Lack of Energy? Laban Bengalee Boys' H.Sec School, which came first in the competition, Gorkha Pathshala HS School, which came second. 'Smart City with Tesla' was presented by Army Public School Shillong which won the competition.
The Constitution is the supreme authority in democracy.
The letter was sent on Wednesday from the state education department.
At a time when the number of coronavirus cases in India has reached 550, India has taken a major step to impose a 21-day curfew across the country.
He explained that the water supply department is responsible for the health of the people, not only to deliver water but also to provide sanitation to the villagers. The District Council has shown the Rangbah Shnongs the law on what they should do.
The Government will also introduce an amendment to the Meghalaya Contingency Fund which the Government has implemented through a Government Notice, as the House has had to amend it in the form of a Bill.
“Meghalaya, which has a large Christian population, has benefited from all the schemes introduced by Modi, such as drinking water in every household like JJM, housing for the poor through PMAY, electricity supply. through Ujwala, the distribution of foodgrains to the poor families through the PMGKY and most importantly the failure to provide the Covid vaccine which has saved us all from the disease. MP should know,” said the BJP to the MPCC President. “The revenue of the people from the budget has reached Rs 89,000 crore in the last nine and a half years of Modi's rule while in the years Even when the Congress party is in power, they have not been able to show that for 70 years the Congress party has been insulting the people by depriving them of the necessary shares to improve their lives.
After being established in 2011-12 as a Computer Training Center and also provides training in other skill development programmes, such as Tailoring and Office Management, many of the students from this Institute have been trained. they passed and didn't get a job.
The party has also decided to build its own office in the area that the party has received in the past years in Jowai.
Schools which are not examination centers shall conduct the examination in their own schools.
It was also learned that the union will also discuss with the Dorbar Shnongs and also to select the villages to set up a Community Gym as part of the measures to fight against alcoholism.
On the 9th October there will be a 1st miss lathiñ at Madan Dukhu Nangbah with the participation of Rock Band Homeland and other local artists. .
Shillong, Nailur 23: U Bah JJ Lyngdkhoi, convener of the meeting of the Train Teachers of East Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday said that they have given 40 days to the National Institute of Open Schooling (NOIS) to arrange for the training. its mistake in publishing the result of the trained teachers who were in post.
The Seng strongly opposes the government's plan to set up an ANVC (B) camp within the West Khasi Hills District and urges the residents not to give land to the government. to put this camp.
The purpose of the meeting with the media was to raise awareness among the people about the schemes and benefits provided by the Government of India through the Ministry of MSME, so that more people can benefit from them. benefits of schemes.
The meeting was led by Bah Gijur Myrthong, EM in charge of Trade, was accompanied by Bah Fantin Lakadong, Bah Gabriel Wahlang, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, ministers and officers. KHADC, Enforcement and the Syiem Police.
The Special Award 2023 (Inclusive School) was presented to Kong Berrilang Nongrum, Special Educator of Mary Rice Centre, Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. CEN Sangma, Medical Superintendent, Civil Hospital Williamnagar, East Garo Hills, said that the disease is incurable and will take at least 6 months to test the medicines as directed. caregiver.
He said that Nehru respected especially the small paid people of this area more than their welfare and he loved children. children's day.
If the party hears or finds such people, it will take strict action according to the law.
That road inside the city is still good but for some reason we don't know.
The KSU said that this falls under the jurisdiction of the Council, which includes Lumkseh, Wahmyntait, Mawkduk, Kyrdeng, Lum Diengngan, Lumrit and Mowkynring villages and other neighboring villages.
Political activities in this country are concerned with the welfare of every human being and thus our country is an example of peaceful coexistence between different cultures with changes from time to time .
Central government offices that have no contact with the public will be closed and can work from home on these days in the containment areas.
There will be a display of clothes made in Ri Bhoi District, so that people who pass through this place when they enter can see the clothes made inside the district where tourists. The world can see the traditional clothes produced in this Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister in charge of Road Construction, Martin M Danggo, said that the Road Construction Department is doing its utmost to provide roads and improve them in any area. you can't find a place.
Shillong, July 07: U Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) today said that the country's economy is growing rapidly. The Government has set up an Expert Committee to look into the Reservation Policy.
As the police is the responsibility of the State Governments because it falls under List-II of the Ninth Schedule of the Constitution of India, in fact it is the responsibility of the Government. However, the Central Government has directed the State Governments on 04.09.2009 and 22.4.2013 to increase the number of women policemen to 33 percent of the number of policemen in the state.
Members of both the parties have asked for their documents but they don't have even a certificate of testing covid-19 before entering the state. go to your place.
In a letter to the Chief Secretaries of all the states today, the Ministry of Home Affairs said that there are some districts and states which have imposed restrictions on travel.
After nearly four months of protest, the JSU said that the Blood Bank is urgently needed and the Union cannot continue. They are still suffering from the illness of the patients especially those who need blood transfusions in the mentally ill.
Shaili has been doing this since she took part in the Miss India International Global pageant last year in Guwahati where she won the title of Mrs India International Global. to take part in the competition in Malaysia.
During the raid, the BSF did not arrest anyone but only recovered the drugs.
Instead of ordering those who are illegally staying in the metor area to leave, the KSU is surprised to learn that their fellow citizens have been summoned and accused of harassment.
Informing that the preparations for the MDC elections are in progress, Bah Paul said the State Election Committee of the UDP has held several meetings on this issue.
Shillong, July 11: U James K Sangma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, today called for a meeting with the staff of the EMRI 108, after nine days of After a 45-minute discussion with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Microlina Syiemlieh, leader of the EMRI workers, said that the strike demanded that the government should implement the demands of the EMRI workers. EMRI employees told reporters that the minister has promised that the government will withdraw from GVK after the expiry of the contract on 31st October
He said the KHADC has received a letter from the state government that they want para 3 not to work when implementing Article 12-A (a) which means the District Council Act will not work. to operate if 12 -A (a) is implemented which is a great loss to the people.
This was announced by Bah LH Pariong President MSSASA.
At the meeting, Conrad also said that the allocation for the NEC should be increased to T.2000 crore.
Speaking on the occasion, the family members of Bah Teinwell Dkhar said, “The family of Bah Teinwell Dkhar is still sad that there are people whom he has not yet forgiven for their deeds. ,He is a wise man, he is a man of strong mind and he doesn't turn away from parties.
On the part of Lt Gen DS Ahuja, he urged the youth to have a good attitude and strong mindset to reach their goals.
The President of HITO Ri Bhoi District, Bah Ban Kharnaior, said that they are pleased that the Deputy Commissioner of the district has invited them to a meeting to discuss the issue of the road. station.
Shillong, June 20: A truck and a Maruti collided at Mawpung in Ri Bhoi District on the Shillong By Pass road today.
The responsibility for the lives and deaths of the brothers and sisters of the country and the nation will fall on the shoulders of the Prime Minister if the protests of the political parties continue. long of government.
On the other hand, the Governor said that it is pleasant to see that this religious ceremony is a ceremony that allows other religions.
Vidyasagar Rao, Governor of Maharashtra and Prakash Javadekar, Union Minister of State for Forests.
All these treatments will start at 10 am.
The union also sends its condolences to the family members of the deceased mother and to the children of the deceased mother. of the wicked.
When contacted by the reporter, many of the traders said that all this is their insult to the government as the royalty has been increased from T.290 to T. In addition, this is the responsibility of the Central Government.
Shillong, Nailar 13: “At midnight, while I was sleeping, the police came and heard the sound of a gun, they locked the door and forcibly entered and threw me out of my sleep. in the field they shall shoot and fall.
Other parties especially the Congress party were also present at the meeting.
Shillong, March 25: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition, on Tuesday said that the motion of no confidence motion against the government can be done within 48 hours during the session. .
Shillong, Jymmang 31: Shillong Police today recovered the bodies of two children from Lawkynti Forest in Nongrah who went missing on 30/5/2 The mother of the children has lodged a complaint with the police.
At this meeting, Bah Lapang announced to his supporters that he will not contest the 2018 elections, due to lack of health as he has revealed himself or for other reasons. It is not known, but earlier Bah Lapang had announced that he will contest the 2018 elections.
The CEM of KHADC said that the market of kwai, synsar, sohmrit khlaw and these are also agricultural products was also discussed and urged the government to look into these issues. which the farmers faced.
The Prime Minister also delivered a speech on the occasion.
There are 6 recoveries from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills, 2 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from West Garo Hills. The total number of cases is
The main objective of the Society is to promote not only tourism in the rural areas but also to create employment opportunities for the residents through tourism.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The State Election Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today held a meeting to discuss the MP and MDC elections to be held in
“The decision to close the road will continue until the Writ Petition of WPC No.144 of 2022 pending in the Meghalaya High Court resolves the issue. of the road and the authorized toll collection shall be from all entrance and exit gates or otherwise.
They were arrested by the surveillance of government-appointed surveillance teams.
On the other hand, the forest owners have requested the JHADC authorities to allow them only two or three months to remove the trees that have already been cut down and those that remain in the forest. pt.
The Ambassador also recalled his visit to Kashmir this year as one of the members of the group of Ambassadors who visited the Union Territory of Jammu and Kashmir.
This was announced by Shiningstar Lyngdoh, General Secretary, KSU Photjaud Rangthong Unit.
He explained this by giving the example of AIIMS which was established in the 1950s but there has been no attempt to establish AIIMS in other parts of the country.
The JSU has demanded that the government should file a case and expose those Dakhars who killed and killed the youth of Bri u Hynniewtrep, according to a statement sent by Bah Jerson Shylla. JSU President and Bah Treiborlang R Suchen General Secretary JSU
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today said that 408 people have tested positive for COVID-19 and 6913 people are still in critical condition in the state.
Before this decision, there was no HS code for Khadi.
After issuing the notice, the JHADC has sent the notice to the District Council Affairs Department of the Government to publish the notice in the Government Gazette, August 11,
At this meeting, it was also said that the Shillong Municipal Building Bylaw should also be implemented within the Cantonment Board areas.
He said the party expects to export many kinds of agricultural products such as syieng, sohsaw, biscuits and others to Bangladesh.
The District and Sessions Judge of East Khasi Hills District has granted 10 days to the police to investigate Tarson Lymba and Ebakordor Nongpluh who were arrested in connection with the IED bomb blast at a parking lot. Bus at Them Iew Mawlong on Saturday night last month.
At this meeting, the Chief Minister said that the government wants to have up to 4200 kilometers of forests to maintain the water sources in the state and the government will support the people to earn money and develop the forests. he received the book.
He promised that the state government will take action to follow up on this issue to ensure that it becomes a reality.
This action of the government has angered the party and the people.
On Tuesday next month I will go to Assam to visit them with a lawyer,” he said.
Rangnad said that in a meeting with the DC of East Khasi Hills, she said that there are four houses that have been demolished by MUDA in these villages due to illegal construction. The government has said that these people have now become refugees in their own state.
The arrest of these persons also reveals that through the seizure of drugs, hundreds of kilograms of heroin were attempted to be smuggled into the state.
Shillong, July 09: The All Meghalaya Contractors and Suppliers Association (AMCSA) has written to the Chief Engineer of the PWD Construction Department to request that the price of works should be paid at the price of 2021-2 .
During the meeting, Conrad also discussed the decision of the Meghalaya High Court 1993 which states that the share of minerals which are considered as 'Major Minerals' The share should be in the ratio of 40:60 which means that the State Government should get 40 shares and the District Councils should get
At such a moment, the farmers are worried about how the price of their products will be whether they are disappointed or whether they are being cheated by the traders.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Khliehriat Circle under the leadership of President Samla Livingson Sama, General Secretary Ajoymenson Lyngdoh in the presence of Vice President Winson Salahe and members of the Union on 19th November, The Civil Hospital in Khliehriat District has been canceled on the grounds that the hospital does not have the necessary facilities to provide adequate health care to the people of East Jaintia Hills District.
The total number of cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to 34, 20 deaths, 13 recoveries and one death.
He said that tennis is one of the sports within the National Games and Meghalaya will host the National Games in 2022 but they regret that until now there are no venues for the National Games. for youngsters who want to play tennis.
Shillong, November 18: The Bouncer Association of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Treilang Welfare Society will hold the Shillong Arms Fight, All India Championship from 19th to 21st November
The house that collapsed is the building where the school is run. The loss of all the documents related to the running of the school and other property of the school. there is.
The Central Government has acknowledged that the HNLC has publicly stated that the Khasi and Jaintia areas want to leave India.
Speaking specifically on the Agar tree, the Chief Minister said that the state has received many applications from people who want to set up such a factory in the state because this type of tree can use it in many ways.
The meeting of the CEC leaders will be held at the party office in New Shillong. All departments have been directed to attend in due course to discuss what the party stands for. from time to time in relation to the issues that the nation stands for.
God used to warn them from behind and if they didn't listen or continue to warn and cover themselves with pride, destruction was already waiting for them, in which God would give them a stronger warning.
On this occasion, the GHADC employees under the banner of NGEA expressed their surprise to see that the salary cannot be paid. The NGEA said that this is against the rules of procedure of the GHADC which clearly states that the employees within the GHADC cannot work for anyone. come contract.
Shillong, Lber 24: Former CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today explained the reports of KHUDA's corruption in Monolith. Festival in Mawphlang and he immediately denied this allegation and said that there has never been such a thing.
In a statement sent to the media on Friday, the Superintendent of Police, Eastern West Khasi Hills, said that the police have received a complaint on 18th June, 2017 that a girl has been raped. I was raped by Tephor Wardkhar.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Executive Committee of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) today decided that all employees should come to work on Tuesday. Dipul R Marak, Incharge of Civil Work, said:
The patient went to the Civil Hospital on 25th July 2019 to report that she had suffered a bru shot during the surgery and the doctors sent her to Dr Issac Syiem for treatment.
The Secretary of the Salesian Provincial Conference South Asia, Rev. Fr.
On this occasion, the Governor of Meghalaya presented souvenirs to those who came to take part. Students from West Bengal and Meghalaya were also present.
Treiborlang R Suchen said he had spoken to the Rangbah Shnong of Lamin, Bah Golden Gashnga, regarding the incident.
When asked about the demand for the replacement of leaders, she said that they have not discussed anything on this issue but said that AICC Secretary CP Joshi will come to Shillong within two months to meet with them. All MLAs of the party to know their feelings.
“Tomorrow we will hold a program in Shillong at Mawkhar for trainees from East Khasi Hills District, West Khasi Hills District, South West Khasi Hills District, Ri Bhoi and Garo Hills. Hills”.
On the other hand, the Pastor said that according to the information he has received, the government wants to introduce the amendment to the Sixth Schedule in the Legislative Assembly in this session. which is now to be given the approval of the state government.
Jowai, Naitung 08: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Seng Kmie wishes all the children of the Sein Raij Jowai and Tuber a Happy Birthday. They have been following the religion, customs and traditions of our Jaintia people since ancient times.
Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of a meeting with the Chief Minister's Secretary, Robert June Jahrim, he said that after the Meghalaya High Court has issued an order that the job allocation cannot be implemented. in the State if there is no such order in the appointment of employees and the order in the names of government employees.
Shillong, K.Lyngkot 01: The Secretary of the Hima Sohra, Bah BB Rymmai, on Tuesday said that the Hima Sohra is ready to burn the Syiemsad according to the religion of Ratimai Syiem who died in Thang according to religion, there is a lot of time and expenses, in the last two or three years, but the COVID-19 pandemic has arrived.
The Bill also contains special provisions to ensure that private individuals shall not be affected by their land and shall not be forcibly taken over by the Government.
The neglect of medicines will also be counted in this and this will affect the availability of medicines.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, after the MUA-II meeting, said that the ILP is not only to prevent the influx of foreigners, but there are other ways to prevent the influx of foreigners. the arrival of foreigners.
For more information, please call Bah Enlang Sawian Education Secretary 7005624948, Bhaboklang Shohshang Assistant Education Secretary 9862667315 and Banpynbiang Riang Education Secretary
During the investigation, it was found that Bah Storgy lives in Mawlynrei village, Khliehshnong, Shillong.
This Agreement, after its implementation, will require States Parties to provide information on the origin of patent diseases and the origin of genetic resources when the work is based on genetic resources or traditional knowledge.
Thakur said the Samman also appreciates the special role played by the media in the promotion of yoga at home and abroad.
He said that the nine days deadline for them to resume their work expired on Thursday. If the authorities do not do anything against the government, they too will go to court because they have violated many rules by the authorities. Shillong, Naiwieng 08: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Executive Member in charge of the Trade Department of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), on Tuesday said that all the land dealers in Shillong, who fall under the Shillong Municipal Board, except for areas within the European Ward and Contonment Board will be affected.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Timothy D Shira today swore in Marcuise N Marak, who won the MLA election from the 43-Williamnagar constituency, as the full time MLA. day in his office in the Assembly.
He said that the first objective of the SSA is to provide education to all children especially at the primary level by setting up schools in the villages where the distance is within 10 kilometers for a child to go to school. to school and this will reduce the number of children dropping out of school.
The award was given to Bah Alan Wankhar for his contribution to the development of the art of sewing, while Bah Generous Warlarpih was awarded for his contribution to the art of sewing.
Also present on the occasion was the Rangbah Shnong M.Umyiap and on that occasion he blessed the Mawthengkut Unit as a whole for being able to be a good example in just a few months. he was born.
Meghalaya police also beat and Assam police also beat ...it's a sad thing.
Police said the arrest of the two KSU leaders was only for investigation into the burning of Vikas Nandwal by unknown persons.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the smuggling should be only within the country, the government will still ban the smuggling abroad.
Nongstoin, Nailur 20: A mother has lodged a complaint with the police that a man identified as Muhamad Abdul Rahman has broken into her house in the middle of the night. and as soon as he was come into the house, he saw her works without fear.
Shillong, June 17: Fourteen children led by Linza Fenny Syiem of the Karate Association (KAI) will take part in the KAI Sub Junior National Karate Championship to be held in Delhi on Tuesday. long from the 20th to the 22nd of this month.
The party first honored the statue of Tirot Singh, then the statue of Subash Chandra Boss at the State Central Library and the statue of the father of the nation, Mahatma Gandhi in front of the library. Secretariat and walked around Shillong and ended at the office of the party which is under construction.
Referring to the opportunities available in these jobs, Chandra said that AVGC jobs are now in the same position as Indian IT jobs were in the 2000s.
When asked, he said, “The summons is because they are wearing blue uniforms without permission.
This issue is also very sensitive.
However, instead of these challenges, it has become even stronger after the experience of Covid-19 and its impact on the whole world.
The JSU under the leadership of President Rikut N Parien and General Secretary Emperor Bareh has brought this issue before the CEM and all the EMs in the past months. He also promised to take care of this issue, and without hesitation the CEM and his EC have worked hard to achieve this issue for the good of the country and the nation.
For the safety of the students, especially the female students, teachers and members of groups related to NEHU, any criticism will directly affect the name of the Vice-Chancellor. .
He pointed to the provision of modern facilities in the last 10 years, the implementation of about 12 diplomatic agreements and the resolution of border issues.
He said that the government and the police cannot do anything if the people do not join hands.
Regarding this information of the GSU, the KSU SWKH District strongly warns the GSU not to interfere too much in the land issue and the KSU understands that this is the beginning of their efforts to bring about the land issue. national differences.
Shillong, July 15: Police today seized a Swift (ML05-N-2170) from East Khasi Hills District and seized 40 grams of heroin and 10 grams of heroin. The price of the house is T.70 lakh.
Another decision taken by the Cabinet today was to approve the Meghalaya State Organic and Farming Policy 2023, which aims to streamline the agriculture sector and provide a syrnot from the state. it's bad to marrep.
New Delhi, July 19: The Union Cabinet headed by the Prime Minister today approved the Minimum Support Price (MSP) for all agricultural products recognized under the Kharif Scheme. for the 2024-25 marketing season.
Avoid using personal items, avoid touching your eyes, don't use contact lenses, don't go to school, don't go to college, don't go to school. workplace, if you are infected with the disease until the redness of the eyes disappears.
However, now they have introduced an amendment to the Sixth Schedule in which the Constitution of the Party can be drafted. This law shows that political parties do not have that responsibility.
During these days there were essay competitions and games which ended today.
Bah Shangpliang said that in the recently concluded Assembly, he has raised many issues for the benefit of the people of the constituency such as water supply, development bail light, loss of transformers, agriculture, roads and other issues.
Saleng defeated Agatha K. Sangma, the sister of the Chief Minister, by more than 1.55 lakh votes.
This will be a big change.
“For example, when discussing trade imbalances between India and China, Indian members used to focus on China's steps to reduce trade imbalances.
The BSF, after receiving a tip, raided at Angratoli, a government forest. During the raid, the BSF saw that some people had come from Bangladesh. When they got closer, the BSF came out to arrest them but they fled and dropped two of their bags.
Although the work is difficult and demanding, there are ways to earn money by raising niangryndia.
We also hope to be a trusted employer providing valuable training in a safe and enjoyable work environment.
All the BSF personnel and their children enjoyed the comic performance of the Hindi film actor who came to Shillong at the invitation of the BSF personnel to make them happy.
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Titosstarwell Chyne, said that the session will last for only two days on Thursday and Monday.
When you say, education that has value, you understand who will enter and become teachers,” said Babu Ron.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: A group of 63 youths from Meghalaya will leave this morning to participate in the 3rd North East Youth Festival 2012 to be held at Itanagar, Arunachal Pradesh for three days. on the 7th and end on the 9th of this month.
Pynsngianglang Syiem, who founded the People Democratic Front (PDF) in 2018 before the Assembly elections, has been the Chairman of the party. Alvin K Sawkmie, who will contest the MDC election from Mawsynram Constituency on the 27th of this month, has joined the NPP today. Besides Conrad K Sangma, other NPP leaders who were present on the occasion were Dr WR Kharlukhi state. Shillong, July 04: To witness the joining of the PDF by the founder of the PDF to the NPP. Shillong, July 04: To pump water from the Fifteen coal miners are believed to have lost their lives in a coal mine in East Jaintia Hills, Ksan.
The Pragya Foundation has closed down the office and issued a warning to the Pragya Foundation. that they should not open until they can provide the necessary employment.
Other achievements include filmmaking, theater for which they have been selected at international festivals, such as Film South Asia 97 in Kathmandu, Nepal; Dhaka International  Short Film Festival 1998 in Bangladesh; International Indigenous Theater Festival Dhaka 2015 and many more.
“The budget approved by the Plan Approved Board of the Ministry of Education of the Government of India and the funds within this also include other activities such as payment of travel expenses, collection of vehicles, research, expenses for office meetings and other expenses besides paying salaries to employees," he said.
This will include sorting, cleaning, and collecting waste protecting the environment and promoting healthcare facilities for patient safety.
In fact, when there is any natural disaster, the government should provide immediate assistance to those affected especially to get clean drinking water to avoid diseases.
Regarding the CHC in Sohiong, the Minister said he will send more doctors as at present there are only three doctors.
Shillong Lajong and Sreenidi Deccan drew 2-2 in the I-League on Tuesday at the SSA Stadium, Shillong.
The purpose of this celebration is to awaken the people of the country because many have forgotten and some do not know the 4th of June when the great Syiem of the nation Tirot Sing Syiem. stand up to fight against the British government.
I want to do something further," he said.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Khasi Jaintia Welfare Association (KJWA) has launched an essay writing competition in its own language for school children as well as those who have studied in colleges.
With a speed of 180 kmph, the RRTS is a game changer for economic development which is designed to provide high speed trains between cities every 15 minutes which can also carry people. minutes as needed.
The Chief Minister said that the tender for the construction of the ropeway will be called within 15 days and the funds for the construction of the ropeway will be provided by the New Development Bank.
These news have shocked the Congress office bearers in Nongpoh Constituency.
The party has urged the party workers to work hard so that this year the party will win at least nine MLAs of the party in Garo Hills.
In this special committee, they will discuss in detail the issues of the workers which they have already put before the government for many months.
To meet the needs for the transportation of goods and transportation, the facilities and services at the Land Port have been improved.
On this occasion, they also discussed the rules and regulations and what will happen if they violate the rules.
When transporting chickens in vehicles, make sure that the chickens are healthy.
She also said that the government should keep its promise to extend the age of appointment of youth to 37 years as issued in the order in 2022.
He said that renewable energy needs to be looked into according to the circumstances of Meghalaya.
The Union Home Minister said that today's social agreement will immediately resolve the issues in Dimahasao District of Assam.
As a sign of protest, KHNAM SYW has informed all the candidates to come and join hands in this protest.
This will also help to remove the names of farmers who have passed away or those who have sold their land, and therefore who should no longer participate in this scheme.
Diengdoh said that the party has also come to lodge a complaint with the Syiem of Sohra Hima regarding the inability of the Hima to do anything regarding the attack on the pait ka. Kingdom in other nations.
education, www.results.
The Minister of Home Affairs has directed that the IMD's warnings regarding earthquakes should be disseminated to the public in a timely manner through SMS, TV, FM radio and other platforms.
The Minister said that the arrest of those involved is based on the facts and facts. The government has already seen that there will be a demonstration and this is the action on some cases. who did.
The Catholic Church around the world on Friday commemorated the Day of the Departed Souls and prayed for them to reach God safely.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong, Fr.Francis Steven said that all the films screened at the festival will be about the life of Mother Teresa. of this world famous Sister will instill in people the spirit of love for others.
“In fact, both the seats are strong.
On the same day, the leaders of JAC Wapung C&RD Block, tried to find out the reason by telephoning the BDO. He looked at the Block, but he did not pick up the phone and he was also asked for information via WhatsApp but he did not answer.
Speaking to reporters after the party meeting, he said that at first it was impossible to say that the issue of unemployment was one of the issues of the party. of the “Reservation Policy”.
The Chairpersons of the Regional Committees will have to contest elections, which puts them in great difficulty to complete their reports as they will have to go to the places to meet with the people. Assam and Meghalaya will not reach the second round.
Those who are willing to donate in any area can send it to email: or Whats App 9436103992, whichever is more convenient.
The purpose of this meeting of the NCC members from the North East is to bring about brotherhood, to have order, to have a spirit of cooperation and to have a spirit of leadership. The members who do well in this training will be selected to attend the Republic Day Camp in Delhi.
Shillong, Nailur 24: U Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronni V Lyngdoh today visited the market and its surroundings to understand how to work with the Hima Mylliem for the development of the market. to bring about cleanliness in this largest market in Ri Khasi Jaintia.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner said that if they do not leave the area immediately, the District Administration will not be able to take action according to the rules and regulations. Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
Tura, Naitung 11: Meghalaya Police have raided a GNLA camp in a village at Adugre in East Garo Hills.
When the fire brigade arrived, the vehicle had already stopped. Laitumkhrah Police Station has rushed to the scene to investigate the incident. bomb.
The game will be played by 5 or up to 7 children per team depending on their age.
He said that as a leader of the area, he went to Nongstoin Hospital to find out about the number of ASHAs in his constituency. deliver to those who have work.
In a statement, the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly (ST) Constituency has become vacant due to the death of Bah David A Nongrum. MLA today.
In videos posted on social media, it was seen that the Meghalaya Police while patrolling the area were attacked by the Karbi community and had to flee farther to escape. from any traumatic events.
Shillong, Naitung 23: Police in West Garo Hills District have raided a house owned by Bernard N Marak and arrested 73 persons. the place was used as a place of battle.
In the essay competition, the runners-up were Ophelia Mary Kharmujai and Melakerbha Rumsong.
The dances at this festival are beautiful and famous. These dances are in traditional costumes and traditional dances.
Answering questions, he said the government has taken action after the rumor that the government will appoint the HLC and hopes that the government will take action until it completes the work.
To honor the freedom fighters of the state, the government to honor them on this 50th anniversary of the state, the construction of a statue of Tirot Sing Syiem, Kiang Nangbah, Pa Togan N Sangma has gone ahead. .
You have a government but you don’t have a government.
The polling station with the highest turnout was Wahutim with 92.37% and the lowest turnout was MeSEB-MCCL polling station with 92.37% turnout. 47.37%.
Who cast NOTA 11008 votes.
A complaint was lodged against the director at the office of the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District today.
Ferlin CA Sangma, who won the mid-term election from Selsella constituency in West Garo Hills district, has resigned from the National People's Party (NPP) today. Shillong, Naiwieng 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the party will join the BJP. Shillong: Political parties have condemned the incident at Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills District.
To find out the root cause and facts of the incident, the Human Rights Commissions of the two governments of Assam and Meghalaya have appointed their own Inquiry Commission to investigate the incident.
The money was paid by M/S Bharatiya Company Limited which operates in Manipur and the total amount of money is T.25,00,000 lakh to the Dy.Secretary. T.13,00,000 was sent to Imphal through the wife of Deputy Secretary Tanthaoliu Gonmai by bus from Shillong on the 13th from Shillong to Dimapur.
Other leaders from Customs agencies such as Income Tax, Assam Rifles, BSF, new Inspectors of CBIC, teachers and students of NEHU, and officers from other departments Government.
The Director told SP News Agency that the government department is closely monitoring the traders who try to cheat the customers from their shops.
The PDF party, which has four MLAs in the MDA government, has made it clear to the Prime Minister that the state government should be more active in informing the central authorities about what the people want. Without naming anyone, Bah Hamlet said that he is sorry for the incident. The MDA government has taken this issue seriously and has brought a decision to implement the ILP in the House.
Resource Person, Bah PT Blah, Deputy Labor Commissioner, Election Commission, Nongstoin, demonstrated the operation of the EVM and VVPAT. and the use of technology such as Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) and Voter-Verified Paper Audit Trails (VVPATs).
The 1-Shillong Parliamentary (ST) Constituency has 36 MLA constituencies and the 2-Tura Parliamentary (ST) Constituency has 24 MLA constituencies.
On receiving this information, police conducted a search operation at Umtyra and seized a bus number AS01-FC-8199. Police have recovered a plate containing 100.56 grams of heroin.
The MLA of this area, Bah Justine Dkhar, said that he has fought as much as possible to provide assistance to the victims of the floods. tragic event.
Furthermore, it also provides an opportunity for the journalists of Uttar Pradesh to understand the situation regarding the implementation of central government schemes in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 07: There are 11 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Garo Hills, 1 in North Garo Hills and 1 in South West Khasi Hills. , West Garo Hills 2, West Jaintia Hills 1, West Khasi Hills
Shillong, July 16: The BJP Meghalaya Unit has alleged that a Congress MP from Shillong remembered NEIGHRIMS and the programs on Dordarshan when he sat in the opposition. He met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare and the Minister of Information and Broadcasting of the Union Government.
A public meeting has been scheduled to be held on the 13th of this month from 12 noon at Mawsynram Higher Secondary School.
It also opens up opportunities for collaboration with community members, diverse groups and those involved in bringing sustainable solutions and bringing about positive changes in society.
The remaining body of the girl was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital for postmortem before being handed over to the relatives for the last rites in Tura.
The total number of candidates who passed the examination was 56.76%.
He said it is necessary to train teachers and invest more in their training.
The students have demanded that the NEHU authorities should review the grading system as it has been found that the grading system of this university is the smallest compared to other universities in the country. .
On the other hand, Bah Shylla also alleged that Bah Ardent is an agent of big companies with the intention of abolishing the District Council.
Shillong, March 02: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya (GDP) has held an emergency meeting which lasted for more than three hours. From 12 noon, on the 2nd October 2013, they met on the letter from the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, D.O.No.
The Secretary General of the MJAC, Bah Enrico D. Passi, said that the presence of the Land Custom Station (LCS) at Dawki village to transport goods has created problems for the trucks. It takes four or five days to get the clearance due to the large number of trucks going to Bangladesh.
The public is urged to attend these days.
Salseng was in the Youth Congress, in the Congress he worked hard and won the MLA election from the Congress party but there were people who thought it would be a threat to them and refused to give him ticket. He said that he joined the NCP but he didn't have a chance and now he has joined the Congress.
Out of 10,000 households in the state, 5000 households from three blocks in Garo Hills and three blocks in Khasi-Jaintia Hills will receive these high-yielding dairy cows. milk from Holstein Friesian (HF) cows.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Kharkongor said that the purpose of this one-day exhibition which will start on 15/11/2023 and end on 25/11/2 They have been maintained in the villages and to revive them so that they can earn a living.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC), Bah DD Lapang today appointed Bah AL Hek, MLA as one of the Vice Presidents of the party.
Jowai, Jymmang 30: The AO of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) after receiving a complaint from the AJYWO Sengkmie regarding the appointment of a Nepali Rangbah Shnong in Umthe area under the jurisdiction of The Sutnga Elaka has requested an explanation from the Daloi of the Elaka on the village and the Rangbah Shnong of the Nepali himself.
This Almanac is different from the one that is published every year.
Shillong, Lber 26: U Michel Wankhar EM in charge of Land Affairs in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), in reply to a speech by Gabriel Wahlang, said that the The land is very important.
The march will start from the KSU office in Mawdiangum and end at the MUDA complex in Nongpoh. “These are the goals that the state government has not been able to implement,” said the student leader.
“The blood shed by these brave youths was not in vain, as the HNLC wants to ensure that our struggle will be part of history,” said the General Secretary. The main purpose is to celebrate and honor the brave leaders and members who have sacrificed themselves in the tireless struggle against India's invasion and oppression.
He said he is in charge of Meghalaya for 1 Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, 2 Tura Parliamentary Constituencies and 9 Parliamentary Constituencies in Assam.
The Government has not given any time for 10 days so that the vendors will not be disappointed.
There are 33 schools from across the state which will take part in the tournament. The tournament is divided into two categories, for children under 14 years of age and for those under 14 years of age. who are under 17 years of age.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Answering a question by Bah Gabriel Wahlang, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said in the House that Tura, the capital of West Garo Hills District and Jowai, the capital of West Garo Hills District, have been decided. Jaintia Hills District as Smart Towns.
This shows clearly that Assam hates and hates our people because it sees the rapid growth in terms of economic development and education as well as income.
But I say, there is no law in the world to protect you Muktiar.
Police of Umsning Out Post are still searching for the robbers involved in the incident.
They also told the MR that the cases are now gradually decreasing and that those who have recovered have increased.
The four Himas were Bhowal, Mylliem, Khyrim and Nongkhlaw Hima. Members of the Executive Committee of KHADC were also invited to attend the meeting. he was present on that day.
Traces of bank accounts and assets in other countries were also found which the group did not report.
Kharjahrin said the ADCs in Meghalaya fall under the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution of India and are empowered to make laws on marriage, inheritance of property, customs and traditions. customs including inheritance, marriage, regulation of family affairs and other laws.
The reason for the suspension of this public cleanliness campaign is after the increasingly worsening weather conditions, which have led to a dangerous situation especially in connection with the outbreak of the coronavirus. .
As for the boundary talks in the six areas where there is mutual dispute, 98% of the talks have been completed but these are the parts that have to be completed before meeting with the Minister. Amit Shah's Central Government.
He said that by allowing the young men to study at this college, it will bring about a sense of friendship and closeness to each other.
Many issues faced by Indian farmers will be discussed at this meeting.
Regarding the toll gates, as they are not the authorities in these areas known as “Fasttag”, the collection of toll gates should be the same as before. , said Mr. Erwin.
On this day, there will also be a byrngia lehkmen through the song, siaw, put and tem by the kaitor and duhalia of the Kur Warjri.
Prime Minister Duh said that even though the world is in dire straits, we can still move forward to make it a better place.
The Director of NEIGRIHMS visited all the injured along with the HoD Orthopedics, HoD General Surgery and Medical Superintendent.
The registration will be held at Lad Thanad, Saitsohpen on the 21st and 28th of November.
Tura, June 22: The Garo National Council (GNC) has held a public meeting at the village of the late President Clifford R Marak in Sibbari. The party spoke about what the party has done since its inception in 1940 when the first Chief Minister Captain Willam Sangma became the first president of the party.
“Regarding the payment of salaries, the Director has promised that the government will release every month for Deficit and Adhoc schools,” said the leader of the teachers' group. The Government Deficit has been released until July 2014, while for Adhoc, Deficit Patterns and Adhoc Plans have been released until June,
Tens of hundreds of students of the university took part in the procession from in front of the Central Library and ended in front of the office of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU Prof.PS Shukla to express their demand.
Police on receiving this information rushed to the scene with the bomb disposal squad and found that it was a Sperm Nitrogen Gas Cylinder. from the trainer.
The HYC has been demanding that something should be done to curb the illegal entry of foreigners since the establishment of the HYC. They brought placards to the Secretariat to demand that the government should not implement the NRC in the state.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister said that besides the government has taken steps to improve education, the private sector has also played a major role in taking responsibility for the betterment of education. read dangle in the state.
A special forum for teachers 'Shikshak Parv' was also held from 8th to 15th July, 2020 to discuss the NEP 2020 and to get feedback on its implementation. suggestion.
If the information provided in the documents is found to be sufficient electronically, the enforcement officer does not need to request for the production of the documents.
After accepting this, the EC of the UDP held a meeting and sent the names of Bah FFD Ramsiej and Bah Managara Pathaw to the party to decide on the candidate.
He said that in Patharkhamah there are many government offices, colleges, police station, CHC, Block and many other offices and for Ri Bhoi Sepngi it is necessary to get a Civil Sub. Division.
He has resigned from the post of MLA this time too for the Civil Sub-Division which is very important for the people of the area and this Civil Sub-Division belongs to the people,” said Bah Kitborlang. Nongrem who denied the allegation that Bah Danggo resigned for other reasons for personal gain.
Jowai, November 29: The AJYWO Central Body, today under the leadership of Bah MH Dkhar, President and Reachingson Siangshai, Vice President of the AJYWO, today met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District on the issue of Khlur. Ferdinand Suchiang from Jaintia Hills, who has won the Gold Medal four times in the World Martial Arts (Jeed Kune-Do) Championships.
In her long career, Silbi has received the Sangeet Natak Academy Award, the Prasar Bharati Award and the Meghalaya Day Award.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Daniel Khyriem after talking to the Governor, said that the Governor has not given any clear answer but he has said that he will not give any clear answer. I will talk to other universities to admit students to this CMJ University.
She said that the department will hold a World's No Tobacco Day celebration on 31st June 2023 under the theme “My Meghalaya – Tobacco Free”. Meghalaya".
Stressing on public consultation and speed up decision-making under the Constitution of India, Prime Minister Duh said he was pleased with the number of young MPs who have taken oath in the the 18Public Assembly.
The Seng strongly opposes and disagrees with the allocation of these two students from other ethnic groups who are not indigenous people of Meghalaya to study through the allocation of the State Government.
The KSU would also like to inform the government that Mawsynram Block was established in 1962 and has been in existence for nearly 59 years.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The campaign for the MDC elections in the KHADC and JHADC will end on the first day of next month and the election of the MDCs will be held on the 27th of this month. meetings.
The unique training system of FTII and its focus on learning from the experiences of film and TV production has enabled the students of this Institute to win various awards at home and abroad.
The KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit and KSU Nongpoh Circle send their condolences to the family of this young man who has become a member of the KSU.
Therefore, we request all the trainees to attend.
The Magistrate and Police have not arrested anyone during the raid and the investigation is ongoing.
The Dorbar Shnong has spoken to the government authorities and urged them to set up a TB Hospital in Mawprem for the benefit of the people but also a Medical College if they set up at that place. It's okay.
Alwin has scored three goals in these three games.
Their struggle is a struggle according to the science of the world and the problems can be solved by the politics that the nation faces from time to time and 14th July 2022 is the 10th anniversary of their death. Shillong, Nailar 14: The former General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC), Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, has been arrested by the police but the love of the nation has not been lost. East Garo Hills District Police have raided a place after receiving a tip that there is a hiding of ammunition underground and have recovered several ammunition. many jaid who have fallen into the ground.
Those who are related to the party should send it to the office of the President of the NPP Meghalaya State Unit in Lachumier. to those meetings, said Bah Nongrem.
West Garo Hills 12 cases, 10 BSF personnel, 2 cases from Tikrikila, 2 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 6 cases from Ri Bhoi, 5 cases from outside the state the COVID-19 pandemic.
Therefore, to build and prevent such evils, the Seng calls upon the cooperation of all the residents and especially the teachers or school authorities to monitor this and also not to allow the children to use mobile phones in the school. their educational institutions.
“Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, Prestone said the NPP's mission is to protect the minorities and to preserve the culture, faith and niam you hand.
The MoU was signed between the Union Minister in charge of Electricity and New and Renewable Energy, Government of India, RK Singh and the Minister in charge of the Government of Saudi Arabia. Abdulaziz bin Salman Al-Saud at the MENA Climate Week in Riyadh today.
Therefore, in all the forests in the Bri U Hynniewtrep which do not fall under the rules of Law Adong, Khloo Blai, Law Shnong, the villagers can cut down trees according to their needs.
Lumkur Lapang has strongly criticized the former leaders since the time of Bah JD Rymbai, Bah Lambok Mylliem for not taking action, but this time we expect the incumbent MLA of Jirang constituency who has In the government of Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, he will fulfill the aspirations of the people.
Lakmenlang Khongjee scored the first goal for Langsning in the 43rd minute and Figo scored the second goal in the 76th minute. Apborlang Kurbah scored the first goal for Shillong Lajong in the 63rd minute.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed that no deaths have been reported today, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to and East Khasi Hills 966 persons.
The union recalls that at the public meeting in 2015, the people of Maweit area have decided that if the government does not do anything in 2017, this year the people of the area will not take part in the election. All the elections are coming.
The BJP invites the public to send their comments by calling 8360006060 or visiting the website.
Besides, it was witnessed that even until late at night, fire trucks and police were still struggling to extinguish the blaze.
for the search for electrical sources.
Referring to the light switching off by the Prime Minister, he said that this is not the first time, but it has been done in the past. The present government has tried its best to reduce the power outage by paying the remaining light bill to NEEPCO, said the Chief Minister.
Finally, FKJGP would like to thank the police department, the media who participated in the raid and especially the Dorbar Shnong Ladrymbai for their cooperation.
“After discussions with the committees, we will decide how to proceed,” he said.
Regarding the lack of peace and stability in Manipur, the party will send a petition to the Prime Minister of India and also to the Chief Minister of Manipur to ensure that they implement the There is no peace in the state.
Police have rescued the two abductees from the forest.
On the other hand, the CEO of Tura Municipal Board has tried to point out the MLA of the area and said that it is the MLA who has caused the problems. A complaint was lodged against the officer under Rules of Procedure No. 172 of the House and on this basis the Speaker of the House brought the officer before the House.
The meeting will be held on the 15th of this month at Mot Kiang Nangbah Khliehriat at 11 am.
Without good eyes it is impossible to grow and understand in all aspects. Another type of eye disease known as racoma. “If you get this disease, you should get treatment at the right time to avoid problems,” said Doctor Jeny.
Shillong, Nialar 19: Police of Cantonment Beat House today saw two persons walking on the road in Themmetor and the manner of walking was suspicious. Four boxes of soap and 50.37 grams of heroin were seized.
After conquering the Brahmaputra and Surma, the British asked Tirot Singh for permission to build a road through the Khasi Hills.
The Resolution should also state that clause (2) of Article 372 of the Constitution of India in which the President of India issued the Notification dated 11th December, 2019 is invalid because clause ( 3) (a) to read Quote “Nothing in clause (2) shall be deemed – (a) to empower the President to make any adaptation or modification of any law after the expiration of (three years) from the commencement of the Constitution .
Apolo Hospital has already screened up to 300 children in the first phase for treatment of tuberculosis and after that they will continue to screen for treatment. This was announced earlier by Dr. CS Muthukumaran, consultant cardiologist at Apollo Chennai.
This behavior of these factories has angered the union and shows that they do not respect and care for the indigenous people in terms of employment.
This assistance is for those poor families who are in the midst of a serious illness, for those students who come from poor and needy families who are suffering from illness. flooding of houses and other problems they face.
Other speakers on the occasion were Bah Consolarlang Swett, Bah Starwin Kharjana President Khasi Disabilities Association. and said that this should be an example for other NGOs.
At the Federation of Khasi States Assembly, Bah Morning Star Sumer, who has just returned from taking part in the discussions at the United Nations Assembly, said that He said that if we look for the source of the problems of the nation, we will find that we will have to stand together to demand a special provision under Article our rights as set out in the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement
Prestone urged the residents not to suffer for two or three days while the construction of these power plants has been completed to avoid the light outage which has been going on for many hours.
New Delhi, June 25: The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi today approved the National Bamboo Mission (NBM) scheme under the National Mission for Sustainable. Agriculture (NMSA) for the remaining term of the Fourteenth Finance Commission 2018-19 and 2019-2).
The party also wants to explain to him that Meghalaya needs strong laws like Nagaland and Mizoram to curb the entry of foreigners before accepting the road.
The residents of the four villages of the area have expressed their concern because they are afraid that the tank underground will collapse.
The winners of the first, second and fourth places were also awarded certificates by the Director, Vigilance Officer, Dean and Deputy Director of NEIGRIHMS on 16th November.
Shillong, June 27: The Chief Whip of Bihar, Dilip Jaswal today said that the Central Government under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has prepared a plan to resolve the incident. in the state of Manipur.
On the other hand, the drivers said that they cannot pay to the people who ask for money and if they don't pay, they will be summoned to the police station.
The union is also surprised by the allegation by the police department that a member of the union injured a policeman and until now the union cannot accept this allegation.
“We have had a meeting with all government departments and I am pleased that we have been ready to hold the G20 summit in Shillong on the 15th and 17th. this month" moreover he said".
They said that every night there are dozens of Sumos and Maruti Alto 800s parked at this place to line up to carry passengers around the area.
The tourist attractions that the state has improved are Krem Tirot in Nongkhlaw, Khudoi and Kohmang Valleys of Khri River in Mawthadraishan, Krang Suri Valley and Shyrmang in Mawthadraishan. Jiantia Hills District.
Speaking on Meghalaya, Challai said, “To put it bluntly, in Meghalaya, the departments are not the same, some departments respond quickly, some sometimes seem too slow.
On the other hand , the KJNU said that in these places , only the police have been appointed to check the coal vehicles .
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah RV Lyngdoh, was also present.
Shillong, June 25: Three organizations from Ri-bhoi constituency including the MPSO, the Ribhoi Youth Organization (RBYO) and the MPUF today sent a petition. to the Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal regarding the lack of proper adjustment of power outage hours in the district.
Forty children and youth from Wahiajer, Moodymmai, Moosakhia, Samanong, Mupyut and Jowai villages took part in the training.
In the arrest of these drug traffickers, police found that two husbands did not know what their husband was doing. Together with his children from childhood, this has affected them but they have to arrest him.
At the meeting, the Chief Minister said that the NPP is working hard to liberate coal mining by taking care of the environment and the welfare of the coal miners. .
The Chief Minister said that the government has spoken to the management of GVK and the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare has also spoken regarding this issue. because of this protest.
Bah Tynsong said that those who can return on their own without the assistance of the government who are in other parts of India if they have the opportunity to return to the state, has been able to come from this coming first day.
The JHADC cannot issue a license to foreigners if those activities can be carried out by the state residents. For example, these shops selling Jain, juti, waidong and khapsniuh shops such activities. The council will not protect the indigenous people but will protect the foreigners by issuing trading licence.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 22 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed from NEIGRIHMS Hospital and five cases from Shillong Civil Hospital.
To raise awareness of these new laws, especially among those involved in the field and those in charge of legal matters, the Ministry of Law and Justice will hold a meeting known as 'India's Progressive Path' in collaboration with the Government of Assam at the Dr. Bhupen Hazarika Auditorium, IIT Guwahati Namati Jalah, Guwahati on 18th and 19th June
The party will hold a rally cum sit in demonstration on the 17.07.2017 death anniversary of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem.
This budget will bring positive changes to people, investors, industries and the property sector.
The cost of these schemes has been allocated T.40 lakh from the AMRUT scheme of the Central Government and also from the SUWP scheme for the year 2021-2 Two constituencies have congratulated the MLA who is also a Minister of State for the development works he has been able to achieve from time to time.
Passah said that the daily wages are divided into two parts, the first part is from the based amount and the second part is from the VDA. On the other hand, the Government can change it every three years while the Government can change it every six months.
The union demands that the government should immediately implement the ILP and other issues and if the government continues to remain silent and does not believe in the protests, the members of the union will not refuse. Thom sang for the Hynniewtrep people.
The injured were taken to Dalu Hospital and the other to Tura Hospital.
Shillong, Jan 3: A special team of Meghalaya Police today arrested the captain of PREPAK of Manipur, Moirangthem Boboi Singh of Yairimpok Thoubal District. in this state to hide.
Without disclosing the name of the arrested person, Bah M Marbaniang, while talking to SP News Agency, said that it is true that the person who issued the fake certificates has been arrested. of MBOSE, at the Gabil Printing Office in North Garo Hills.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah Vivek Syiem, in a statement sent to the media, said that the incident happened at 10.55 pm when the driver of the scooty. registration plate) who was carrying a friend of his, hit the student after driving too fast.
Shillong, Nailar 15: U Bishop Reved Dr.P Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the desire of the HNLC to reach a peace talks is very old and has been going on for more than a decade. He took the opportunity to respond to the request of the party to come forward to talk face to face with the government.
The HYC Mawlai Circle supports the demand of the MLA for civil sub division and urges the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma to take action and not to delay the demand of the people. You are Mawlai.
This spirit of competition must be present in any field in order to achieve the slogan 'Youth are the Future of the Country and the Nation' especially as the Central Government has announced since The former Minister of Youth Affairs and Sports, Government of India, Ajay Maken has declared 2012 as a Special Year for the youth. Same.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today said that the government will announce who will be the new Chief Secretary of Meghalaya.
The ceremony was held at the banks of the Simsang River in Williamnagar, East Garo Hills.
They left Tinhura in Hugli District of West Bengal on 28th June 2023 and have been traveling for 47 days to reach the state. The state is located in the southeastern part of India.
The march started from Madan Iewrynhep Laitumkhrah and ended at the Additional Secretariat. At this place, they held a public meeting and burnt the portrait of the Chief Minister as a sign of protest against the this is the government's responsibility.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Joe Wahlang, son of Kong Koridian Wahlang, said that the theft happened on 17th June, 2024 at 3:45 pm. The robbers were the same person involved in the theft of a mobile iPhone from JS Enterprise mobile shop in Laitumkhrah.
The worst deterioration of the road is from Mawshuh village to Umsyiem village and this has forced the drivers of small vehicles to avoid this area even though they have to pass through Mawlynnong village to reach Dawki.
Shillong, August 14: The 50th Anniversary of Synod Higher Secondary School, Shillong was celebrated today.
The campaign was led by the President of the Unit, Samla Augustine Lyngdoh Nonglait and Samla Mainbor Khyriem, General Secretary.
The Head Office has urgently needed to install an Automated Teller Machine (ATM) in Mawsynram Village.
In both my tenure as CEM, I have done so, that is, from the Council Hall to the room and started working, I have never waited for that approval because there is no Rule requiring me to do so; It is foolish to wait for approval when the report to the Governor is only a report.
This order comes due to the strong wind and heavy rainfall and the public has been advised to stay away from tall buildings and towers as they could collapse in this natural disaster.
This is a decision against the youth of the state and against the health of the people of the state and this shows clearly that the government has no responsibility for the welfare of the people of the state.
Shillong, Nailar 01: Former Minister of State for Home Affairs Bah Probin K Raswai passed away suddenly today at NEIGRIHMS Hospital Shillong after a short illness.
“There won’t be any cooperation.
The statement of the government authorities that foreigners have been allowed to work only in jobs that cannot be done by the locals is just a lie to the public and we would also like to ask the question “Why in this time of COVID-1 19 more importantly than the health of the people"
Arrangements have also been made through the Village Committees for the health workers to come to the villages to give injections so that it will be easier for the parents who are over 60 years old to come to the PHCs themselves due to the distance.
He said that if the BJP comes to power, Meghalaya will rise like other states. uh there has to be collaboration.
In this regard, the office of the CPDO should inform the public in this regard and should direct the Rangbah Shnongs, Nokma, Sordar Shnongs to send notices to the Sangot in the villages to Please note that if you do not have access to the internet to register for Aadhaar, you must submit a letter confirming that you have Aadhaar.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today launched the 17th phase of PM-KISAN worth T 20,000 crore and also distributed certificates to more than 30,000 self-help groups. Agriculture Witness in Varanasi.
If the ban continues, HANM will not hesitate to convene public meetings across the Khasi Hills to explain this issue, said Bah Shaniahlang Suchen, president of the party.
The Integrated Bee Development Center (IBDC) in Sambrak also has facilities to train farmers and to build beehive boxes for bee production. five months to come.
At the meeting, it was said that the Prime Minister of India is committed to promote development in the North East. the spirit has not yet risen.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The District Planning Officer of East Jaintia Hills District has invited applications from NGOs for financial assistance from the Voluntary Action Fund (VAF) of the Planning Department, Government of Meghalaya. according to the rules laid down by the government.
He said that the State Reservation Policy 1972 does not mention academic reservation and many seats from the government's quota have been filled because the state government has made a special allocation without looking into it. The State Reservation Policy is under Article 16 and the Academic Reservation Policy is under Article 46 of the Constitution of India.
All roads bordering Assam, including PWD roads, PMGSY roads, MNGREGS roads, village roads and footpaths have been closed. don at the border.
These restrictions put pressure on the transportation of goods and affect the supply chain which in turn affects the income and jobs of the people.
The government has directed all veterinary doctors to inspect the pig farms every day during these two months to ensure that the disease does not spread to the state.
The Chief Minister said the state collects between Rs 5 and Rs 6 crore annually from the GST and the government has set a target that once all the houses are completed, the government will collect Rs 75 crore annually.
