The Madhavrai temple, which dates back to the 15th century, is located here.
Shillong, Naitung 21: Cow smugglers from Meghalaya to Bangladesh have tried their best to smuggle cows from unregistered areas, but due to the vigilance of the BSF troops, they have been able to smuggle cows. catch.
Shillong, Iaiong 25: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sengkmie first of all would like to clarify that the Government of India through the PMGKAY scheme has allocated 5 kg of rice and 1 kg of Dai free of charge to one person for three years. month, that is, the months of June, June and July of this year.
They are Dr. Shngaiñlang Bamon, Ex-Faculty Member, Shillong, Meghalaya, and Dr. Paresh Sharma, Ex-Principal, SJN Homoeopathic Medical College and Hospital, Guwahati.
The problem is that no one who is old enough to vote, while the KHADC has recently introduced an amendment to the AD Rule to prohibit non-residents from voting. thep vote.
This is according to a statement sent by the Publicity Secretary of the HNLC today.
The 43rd parish in the Diocese of Shillong, located in New Shillong, was prepared in a special manner as the people were well prepared to welcome the arrival of the parish which was witnessed by thousands of people. The Mawpdang Church has been under the Parish of Sts Peter and Paul for 27 years and the Bishop's House has been able to give it a parish.
Some players have also been promoted from the U-19 team, such as Shavian Blah, who took 26 wickets in the Cooch Behar Trophy last season.
New Delhi, March 04: U Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy today met with Dr Jitendra Singh, Minister of State for Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER), in Delhi. today.
He said that the ILP has been demanded by the political parties since 2011 when Dr Mukul Sangma was the Chief Minister of MUAI and the High Level Committee on Influx was set up. When Dr Mukul Sangma took over the MUA II, he changed his mind and refused to implement the ILP as directed by the committee. and this is completely unfounded.
Out of the 41 people who attended the ceremony, 39 have tested negative and 2 have tested positive. I have to do another RTPCR Test in the next few days.
No casualties were reported in the incident. Police suspect that it was caused by the wire lights.
Pranav Sundarraman, the best goalkeeper, and Nihaar Manorama, the best goalkeeper, went to Badondor Marbanian.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: A video has been circulated on Facebook showing the Lama of India being burnt.
All those who visit this place are urged to respect this sacred place.
Tura, Jymmang 9: Police in Meghalaya today arrested four women for illegally kidnapping 12 young children from their homes.
The President of the Hills Farmers Union congratulated the Executive Dorbar of the Hima Mylliem led by the Acting Syiem, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem.
Regarding the expression of the party supporters, he as the president of the state unit and the secretary in charge of the state have expressed what the party supporters have expressed, but the decision will be taken by the party supporters. the leaders of the party.
To emphasize his allegation against the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma of the NPP, he said that the price of the contract is up to 50% higher than the price fixed. .
This child, who lives in Nongmynsong, has been missing since 29/11/2
No: JAC/Soh/RTI/08/2021-22/02 Dated 10/08/2021 The Lyngdoh of Sohiong has tried not to respond to the question.
Healthy food, support to enable women and children to thrive, be strong and reach their goals.
In her speech, the Vice Principal, Samla Aida explained the role of the College as a Liberary, to improve the college and to install CCTV cameras inside the College.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said that his visit was to support the education department of the party and what the party will support. Shylla and M. Marwein from West Khasi Hills.
There was also an elderly man who worked with them and witnessed the disappearance of these two men from their workplace but until they reached the border they were bombed, said the Sordar Shnong.
Shillong, July 18: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the MDA today met Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh to discuss the coal ban in the state. state of Meghalaya.
“I am pleased to announce that the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT), in consultation with IndiaSports, has updated the sections relating to the benefits for athletes seeking Government jobs!” he added. This is the first time that you have paved the way for the winners of the LORD— LOVE BROTHER, BROTHER, and BROTHER – they can get government jobs.
It is learned that the number of tourists in Tyrna constituency to visit the Jingkieng Diengjri is not less than 100 and every day it has employed 36 youths of the village.
The Chief Minister said that this is the recommendation of the MM Puncchi Committee which was set up in 2007 and the Commission has submitted its report to the Standing Committee and the Standing Committee has looked into it. detailed.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya today said that the government has introduced a change in the notice and now up to 75% of people are allowed to gather in places of worship.
It should be investigated whether there is a connection between politicians, police and coal miners.
Regarding this tragic incident, the government authorities in charge of East Khasi Hills District have directed the BDO of Mawsynram C&RD to inspect the area. it is with this tragic incident.
The construction of offices even in the most remote areas of the state is to enable Government employees to provide services together.
She said that besides the treatment equipment, the State Government has implemented the Meghalaya Cancer Prevention and Early Detection Mission and through this mission, examinations have been conducted for the people in different parts of the state to detection and timely treatment of patients identified with chronic disease.
In a letter sent to the Chief Minister, it was informed that there has been a delay in the development works implemented in the villages and also affected the livelihood of the people who live on the land from the tihmaw bill. To relieve the people of the problem, it is necessary to amend the MMMC Rule,
Shillong, Jymmang 14: A sudden earthquake has struck Mawtawar area this morning and several houses have been destroyed by the storm.
The term of office of Dr. Zaidi ended on Tuesday after he completed his duties according to the schedule.
In this regard, the KHADC will talk to the relevant authorities to urge them to remove the slip as the availability of food items has increased and at the same time to allow more slips. shops in the villages to open to relieve the queue of the people.
Shillong, July 31: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that the total number of cases of COVID-19 in the country has risen to , West Khasi Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 1, West Jaintia Hills
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: Since the day the traders were abducted by suspected militants from Bilkona Market in South Garo Hills, police have conducted a thorough search operation to arrest the militants. the whole area.
The PWD (Building) Department said that the construction of the Maternity and Child Hospital has almost been completed and it is only a matter of time before they will be handed over to the Health Department.
suppisa, suptyngka, suplumpisa, supbuhtyngka – sup is the thiar that stores and takes out the food as needed, lum means to store and money is the food.
Shillong, Lber 18: Many students who sat for the SSLC Examination 2024 have passed 23 marks in the subject Social Sciences including History and Geography. .
He said the Government has decided to protect the palm oil farmers through price stabilization and he was pleased that many people took part in this meeting.
The ISBD has provided assistance to all schools in Upper Shillong.
It is something that is very unfair and we cannot accept it.
Anyone who leaves the group or tries to talk to the locals will be arrested.
The Chief Minister said that all the government departments in the next few years will be able to improve them. He also congratulated the MLA of the area Rupert Momin for his hard work. this place as one of the tourist attractions.
During the election campaign, Purno had agreed to join the NDA government and become a cabinet minister.
Part VII. The Governing Body states that the Governing Body, whether in the Central Government, the State Government or any State Government, shall ensure that there shall be no reason for complaint. (v) Government Ministers and any Government authorities shall not use the position of Government householder for the purpose of elections and especially. from the time of the proclamation of the election by the Church; and (vi) Since the election has been announced by the Clerk, Ministers and other government officials shall not; or (b) (except government servants) to lay the foundation stone for any project or scheme; or (c) To promise to build roads, provide water supply, etc.; lane(d) To be appointed by the Government, public, etc.; those who cannot influence the followers to take sides with the ruling party.
This special ceremony is to pay special tribute to the freedom fighters of the country who have sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country.
Under the leadership of Prof. Vaidya Rabinarayan Acharya, Director General of CCRAS, NIIMH and Head of WHO-CC, they reached this milestone through a thorough inspection and dedication. .
The Forum also urged the citizens of Meghalaya especially those living in the border areas not to become armed and also to be afraid of the threats of the Assam government.
“The SNSBH wants the government to remove the government announcement,” said RL Blah Secretary SNSBH in a statement.
For Class Vi, students must be between 10 and 11 years of age in July 2014 and for Class IX, students must be between 13 and 14 years of age at the end of November
For those who have been addicted to drugs we know well and even the villages and relatives are ready to provide information but we need to take strong action against the drug traffickers.
Shillong, July 08: The Shillong Cantonment Board (SCB) has neglected to clean up some of the areas within its boundary in Iewduh. injuries to many market vendors and pedestrians.
The Health Secretary briefed on the current situation of Covid-19 in the country, focusing on the states with the highest number of cases, and stressed the need to increase the number of tests in these states. state.
Preneet Kaur, Union Minister of State External Affairs, Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister, Govt of Meghalaya, Bah Vincent Pala, MP (LS), Bah Robert Kharshiing, former MP(RS), and many others others who sent their congratulations and best wishes to all the Chief Executive Members in this Fourth Dorbar Ri.
This problem of the residents is not new but from time to time it has been reported to the relevant authorities but no change has been seen.
Shillong, Nailur 14: Four Congress MLAs Himalaya Shangpliang, Lazarus Sangma, Zenith M Sangma and Mahendro Rapsang have left to support the SSA teachers who staged a protest at Malki Square. George B Lyngdoh.
Shillong, March 31: The NSS Unit of Balawan College, Umsning today celebrated the National Unity Day of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel at the ground floor of the college.
Once the leaders were arrested, they felt sorry for the people.
Shillong, July 05: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today said that the government has convened a special session of the Legislative Assembly to pass the Draft Meghalaya GST Bill
The KSU demands that the MLAs and MDCs should tell the government that instead of "Plie Lynti Bah" to foreigners, it should focus on "training" the villagers so that they can do it themselves. play chess.
Startups in India are now the third largest in the world with 107 unicorns, more than 83,000 unrecognized startups, and new ventures that are still far from being supported. .
He said that there are those who don't get ration from the ration shops because they don't have cards, there are those who don't have money to buy food, there are those who don't get food. The problems arise because the whole world has not been prepared for the outbreak of COVID-19 which will cause this damage.
The government has already requested for more allocation for the months of June and July, for the months of October and June the availability of rice is sufficient and there is no need to worry.
The MP of 1-Shillong has urged the Prime Minister of India to prepare a detailed report on the road with the Road Construction Department of the Union Government for the benefit of the people. the people living on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) today met with the District Session Judge, Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today announced its candidates for the 2018 MLA elections. 14 cases from Khasi Hills and 10 cases from Garo Hills.
On the question of the MP from Tura whether she supports the CAB, 2019, the Chief Minister said that those who spoke did not listen to the speech of the MP on what she said in the House. The MP has demanded that the CAB should be implemented in the whole of Meghalaya, as well as in the whole of North East. It is for this reason that today the issue of ILP has been brought up. There is a need to discuss this issue.
The total cost from the beginning in 2017 to the completion will reach T.14 crore. KHADC covers an area of ​​18 acres.
Unidentified robbers have broken into the ATM of the State Bank of India, Umïam, ICAR, Ribhoi District on Tuesday night.
The Seng is full of regret when this happens to the students who want to achieve in all fields especially now it is time for them to write the Pre-Selection and Selection examinations and also to prepare for other examinations.
Brock Star Papang won the title belt in the 77 kg category while Thangoulian Manlun won the silver medal in the 70 kg category in the Senior Men's category. .
Shillong, June 06: U Bah CVD Diengdoh, Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of Personnel & AR(A) Department through Government Notification No. /2024 according to the order No.PER.63/2022/28-A, dated 18/July 2023 which requires all government employees to travel abroad to seek permission from the government.
The program was conducted by Bah Shanbor Lyngdoh, General Manager of the company who urged that the lights should not be turned on all day unnecessarily but the people should be aware of how to use the lights. The bill light will not be high and the state will not have to buy electricity from elsewhere.
Those in charge of this discussion asked why the border dispute is only in the Khasi Jaintia Hills and why it does not happen in the Garo Hills. question.
The Modi Government has continued to work in the belief in 'Seva, Sushasan and GareebKalyan' for the welfare and empowerment of farmers and fishermen.
During the meeting, they also discussed the issue of the NPP party office in Delhi, as the National Party has the right to have an office in Delhi.
The office is located in Shillong and is headed by the Assistant Director.
Many people came to take part in the celebration.
In another incident, a coal truck overturned at Mawiawban in West Khasi Hills. The injured were taken to Nongstoin Civil Hospital.
The citizens of Meghalaya are no longer mentally ill, and they are well aware of the agendas and policies of the political parties to take part in this election.
The purchase of equipment is necessary.
The facility is used to provide training in seven sports including football, shooting, kura, lympat, judo and hockey.
Regarding the two letters received from the central government through the Ministry of Home Affairs, the union will continue to follow up on this issue with the central government and will also talk to the state government. to improve the spelling of the Khasi language.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Annual Sport Meet of Langtor Higher Secondary School has ended on Tuesday 03/04/2019 from 30/03/2
There are two districts which have not tested positive for COVID-19 today, East Garo Hills and South Garo Hills.
This closure will be in effect until further notice.
There is a need to increase the number of tests on a daily basis with the aim of reducing the number of positive cases to 5% or less.
He also spoke about the challenges that are emerging in the translation process including the dissemination of information.
Referring to the relationship between the BJP and the NPP, he alleged that they have acted like shrud but they are one because as it is until now the NPP is still part of the NDA. The BJP is a party within the MDA government in the state, said Dr Mukul, Congress MP candidate.
The registration will close tomorrow at 3 pm.
Shillong, July 23: The Mawsynram Congress party has announced its support for the Congress candidate Pynshngain N Syiem in the upcoming elections.
Das, Principal Incharge, Assam Homoeopathic Medical College and Hospital, Assam; Dr.B.V.S.Murty, Tomo Riba Institute of Health and Medical Science, Naharlagun, Arunachal Pradesh; Dr.T.Bendangtula, Assistant Director, I/C AYUSH, Directorate of Health and Family Welfare, Nagaland; Dr.N.Birkumar Singh, Ex-incharge RRI (CCRH)  Manipur; Dr.Mara S.Thansiami, Deputy Director (AYUSH), Mizoram.
The Prime Minister of India on 18/12/2022 will attend the 50th Anniversary of the North Eastern Council. SRGT.It is informed that at this meeting of the Prime Minister of India, those who will attend the meeting are informed that it is prohibited to carry water bottles, cigarettes, knives, or any weapons. allowed to be taken to the meeting place.
For those who knew him, he was the most extraordinary person, touching and inspiring everyone he met.
Replying to the statement in the media that if the MDA does not support the MP candidate proposed by the UDP, it will affect the MDA government, Hek said that if the MDA does not support the MP candidate proposed by the UDP, it will affect the MDA government. The MP election will not affect the MDA government. This was evident from the MLA election in Ranikor.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today visited the area to see for themselves the problems faced by the people. Clement Marak, Minister of Food and Drink, Assembly Speaker, AT Mondal, Parliamentary Secretary I/C Water Resources, Ashahel D. Shira and Deputy Minister of Food and Drinking Water. Commissioner Pravin Bakshi.
The government has appointed this special committee to look into the unemployment in the state.
The HNLC said that while it is happy that a Khasi woman has taken over the post of DGP, it doubts that this will provide services for the indigenous people. it is directed to serve for the welfare of other nations.
By providing farmers with information on soil and seed conditions, these services provide information so that farmers can make the right decisions, the use of appropriate inputs and a more efficient harvest .
Leaders, farmers, farmers and anyone interested in school education and teacher training can participate in the census through the internet in 23 languages ​​including the languages ​​recognized under the VIII Schedule of the Constitution of the country.
He said that through the DREAM project which was announced last year, a draft policy has been approved to free Meghalaya from drugs.
Shillong, Nailar 17: U Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today visited Rangthong village to campaign for the party candidate Martin M Danggo. The party has expressed its support for the election to be held on the 23rd of this month in the 35-Ranikor Constituency.
On Saturday, the Minister will take part in another VBSY program at Laitkseh.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that one case of COVID-19 has been confirmed in Ri Bhoi District. hospital way.
On the other hand, the BSF said that according to the information they have received, there are people who used to be in the area who used to rob the people.
Jowai, Naiutng 24: The Jaintia Awakening Movement (JAM) has formed a group of civil society groups in Jaintia Hills District. This day to witness the establishment of this new organization.
Secretary- Samla R.Empty.
In solidarity and in collaboration with India, other countries have provided assistance to support the country's efforts in the fight against COVID-1
This is not for all part-time or day laborers with the government, this is only for those who work in government departments who have received the same salary as other government employees but have not been recognized. them as government employees.
Pala also raised a question in the Parliament on how many cows have died so far and the cost of labor and the allocation of funds to the cow farmers for the expenses in the states and in Meghalaya.
Unfortunately, the law on foreigners does not apply but only on the citizens of the state.
On the other hand, Bah Fullbackstar Pyngrope, former Secretary of the Village, said that these tourist spots are farther away from the village where the people live. there shall be a tumult in the city.
If you want me to come out to you I am available depending on the emergencies.
Other projects that the government wants to implement are the Integrated Ganol Drinking Water Supply and Irrigation Project at a cost of T.350 crore.
Global warming and climate change affect living things in many ways especially in food and nutrition.
In the rural areas, they are allowed to open their shops but they are not allowed to sit in the shops.
New Delhi, Jymmang 17: The Central Government will provide special training to ASHAs working in the villages to assist in the delivery of health care.
Shillong, March 06: The contest for the mid-term MLA elections from 47-Rajabala constituency will be between four parties, the three national parties NPP, BJP and Congress and the UDP. The Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhlang Dhar, Chairman of the Marten Waste Disposal Site Monitoring Committee, which includes the Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun ( SSMP) The MLA, MDC and Mawlai Town Dorbar today met to discuss the issue of Marten.
On this occasion, the new Office Bearers for the 2021-22 season were also confirmed by Donald V.Thabah.
If the market is to be located elsewhere, they will look into it and it is up to the committee to decide on the location. that anyone who shall be elected to that committee shall be firm in his mind.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The General Assembly of the Union of Rangbah Kur Kabri-U Hynniewtrep today confirmed the office bearers of the Kur Kabri-U Hynniewtrep. He was appointed as the full President of the party and other office bearers of the party.
Before, it was a thoroughfare, but now it is a commercial center.
The B20 program has demonstrated the importance of youth involvement in building the future of tourism with a better understanding of tourism in Mizoram that is just starting in Mizoram.
At this meeting, he strongly criticized the Chief Minister for not bringing the railway line to Sohra to promote tourism.
Paul Lyngdoh said the state government has the power to imprison drug dealers for three months to two years.
This workshop at NEIGRIHMS serves as a testament to the ongoing commitment to excellence in nursing care.
In this regard, police have charged him under the POCSO Act in connection with the rape of children.
The meeting unanimously and with a spirit of sorrow over this incident has decided to convene a special meeting with the Syiem and Bakhraw of the Hima Sohra, the Sordar Shnongs of Mawlong, Wahlong. , Majai, Sohbar, The Village Headman, The Village Governor.
He said he wants to see that the disabled become independent and no longer have to rely on others like in developed countries.
By 2025, India wants to increase its oil exploration area from 8% (0.25 million sq km) to 15% (0.5 million sq km) and reduce the area not allowed to operate in the country. Our Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) is 99%, covering more than 1 million sq.km.
On the other hand, Samla Forwardman Nongrem as the chief guest said, “If a Nepali can reach Meghalaya for thousands of miles after the Indo-Nepal Treaty, how much more can a Bangladeshi who has a house nearby? your state
He urged the government to allocate funds for the annual Farmer Parliament which is the first led by the HFU in India. Commander Shangpliang.
Regarding the problems of the miners, the government has to look into this issue and it can use the District Mineral Fund to assist them in this time of crisis. ask.
Paragraph 24 of this article clearly shows the role of the Mutts as advisors to the Syiems.
The four-member delegation from Bangladesh was led by Md. Kamruzzaman, Commissioner, Customs, Excise and VAT Commissioner, Jashore, while the 10-member Indian delegation was led by Md. Rahman, Commissioner of Customs Preventive Commissionerate, NER, Shillong.
: Mawtyngkong, Umtarlat, Dumupaham, Nengtarih, Jalutpaham, Kynthem Nongmalieh, Mawtamur and Thalahar (non existing).
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with Dr LL Mawnai, Project Director of MACS, Bah Arbor Thangkhiew who led the group said that their visit to the MACS offices was to demand from this office to establish VHAM to provide medicines in Jowai and Lad Lymbai.
In connection with the incident in Motphran, police have arrested two leaders of the KSU Mawprem for questioning.
Today, the village leaders of Moojem and Mukoilum villages from Karbi have set aside one day to talk, so that they can bring the government officials and also the village leaders of Karbi. The Khasi side will also bring government officials to talk to resolve this issue.
“My speech that day I spoke on the basis, I didn't speak on anyone, I spoke on the basis on which the party stands”, why did Bah Hamlet cry, my party has the right? and as a BJP MLA I have the right to meet with leaders or ministers to discuss the issues of the people of the constituency and the state”.
Police have seized 1790 Yaba tablets from Karaigora by 193 teams from Karaigora. The two women were identified as Jasmine Sangma, 45, and Ritima Sangma, 40, both residents of Bholabita village in East Khasi Hills district. .
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The BJP today sought the opinion of the people of Meghalaya to prepare the election manifesto. released publicly for this election.
There is no tradition that the Khasi-Pnar people have been defeated by other people or Hima.
As the Vice President of the HNYF Central Body for more than 5 years, he has been working tirelessly for the Bhalang to serve the country in many areas from the borders of Indo-Bangladesh, Meghalaya and Assam.
Shillong, June 25: Police of South Garo Hills District on receiving a tip that there is a hiding of bullets suspected to belong to militants in Chibokgre forest in South Garo Hills District. of Chokpot Police Station.
India has risen to the top of the innovation index.
We have found some and some of them have been named after the Khasi, we don't know but the village will have to investigate,” he said.
Shillong, March 14: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today said that the government has taken steps to bring the body of Bishop Rev Dominic Jala to Shillong as soon as possible.
Shillong, Naitung 03: Rev Simon Edward Nongrum, Mawpat Parish, has been ordained as the first priest of the Salesian Church on 24th July Belgium is the largest country in Europe.
They will also send a letter to the Chief Minister and all the Ministers and Leaders in the Legislative Assembly on these decisions.
Acting Chair of the CPA Executive Committee, Ian Liddell-Grainger, MP, said the CPA opens up many opportunities for MPs and those who work with them to work together in activities and share best practices.
We believe that the Original ILP as reported by some in the newspapers is indeed sufficient but to demand in the State itself it is necessary to amend the Act but once the Act is repealed we know that it will not be. can be reintroduced the same.
Shillong, July 7: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District today announced a curfew for the following areas: Jaiaw, Mawkhar, Umsohsun, Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Mission, Mawprem, Mawlong Hat including the Cantonment Beat House, except for the one outside the Umsherpi Bridge will be closed from 7 am to 4 pm. long 9 hours.
On the other hand, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, said that they will not allow the perpetrators to escape from the hands of the law.
To speak to many of the issues that have arisen from this, and especially in relation to the meeting with Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister, Meghalaya, on 28th November The Dorbar of Chief Executive Members will meet on the 14th December at 11 am at Demthring, Shillong to discuss the above issues. especially the request of many to convene the Emergent Dorbar Ri to clarify the provisions of the Sixth Schedule.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to leave the party to come forward to give its full support to Bah James Sylliang for the MDC election. Congress party leaders who left the party to support Bah James Sylliang from different areas including Mawlasnai Zone under the leadership of Bah Nesius Thongni as General Secretary and the entire group They included the leaders and employees of all the Primary Units in the Zone except for a few who remained in the party.
The main program of Statistics Day, 2024 was held at Manekshaw Centre, Delhi Cantonment.
Kharbuli said that as a group, they have given the city until 6/9/2021 to temporarily suspend the police involved in the shooting death of Cheris to conduct a clean investigation. the morning.
HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani was also arrested.
These new rules replace the UGC Regulations 2019, and are designed on the basis of having 'strict but strong' procedures as envisaged in the National Education Policy 2020.
According to sources close to the Congress party in the area, this action of the MPCC has angered the party workers. However, this action of the MPCC has upset the Congress party officials.
Babu SS Majaw, in an interview with SP News Agency, said that it is a fact that until now, the spelling of the Khasi alphabet has not been improved. He alleged that the state government has failed to set up the State Sabha Akademi, according to the directive of the Sahitya Akademi, which is responsible for the spelling of the words in the state. in India.
There have been several tourist attractions in recent years in Thenzawl, which is one of the two Sub-Divisions of Serchhip district.
The film tells the story of Ayaz, a respectable man who has to lie to the police to avoid losing his house.
After the construction of the office, the office was christened Wapung-Pamra Primary Health Center according to the notification of the government. No:3785, Dated: Jowai, the 1st February, 2000 signed by Dr. PR Marpna, District Medical and Health Officer, Jaintia Hills, in those years.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Chief Electoral Office of Meghalaya today announced that 57 candidates have registered to contest the MLA elections in Meghalaya.
The SDO, PHE in charge of the water treatment plant, Bah RoskilChallam introduced the officers and participants to the various parts of the water treatment plant and explained about the work of the water treatment plant. work in this bag.
The most important thing is to maintain cleanliness because Shillong is a clean place, we need the cooperation of all to maintain cleanliness, this walk today will help to understand the cleanliness.
“This is because we are still waiting for the door to open before we can move forward with our political agenda,” said Bah Sadon. which cannot be completed in a day or two.
"Since its launch, the ECD Mission has been able to hold block conventions in 10 blocks of the state, to train village leaders and frontline workers. eh, and also to government officials on the importance of Early Childhood Development, and to invite and encourage communities to work from the to conduct the activities of the ECD Mission in the most effective manner.
After this, it was another part of the fulfillment of the nguh ka dem, which was a female and a ryngkuh, which was part of the fulfillment of the knia ka khriam, the reading of the letter. dulir from God the Lord, whether the judgment of the son of man, which he hath stood to judge, is fulfilled.
The KJP Assembly took over these houses after the decision taken in 2012, that the KJPA will no longer have any involvement with the MLCU, due to many problems that have arisen in the implementation. A prayer meeting was held in the presence of the Moderator of the KJP Assembly, Rev DS Sohkhlet, Senior Administrative Secretary of the KJPA, Rev NS Phawa, Chairman of the KJP Assembly. The Trust Committee of KJPA, Rev. Dr. MJ Hynniewta, Principal of JRTS Mawklot, other pastors and many members of the Presbyterian Church of Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Regarding the Antibody RD Kits, the state will receive 50,000 kits in the first month of June.
Shillong, July 07: The Executive Committee of Bah Titosstarwell Chyne in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has convened a regular session to start on the first day of November.
Shillong, Nailur 25: Today, 80 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 45 in East Khasi Hills and 9 in North Garo Hills. 1, Ri Bhoi 2, South Garo Hills 20, West Jaintia Hills 1 and the total number of cases is
The current session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly will end on
Donald urged the government and the MPs to take action on this issue as this bill will cause serious problems to the Khasi students by not being able to continue their studies in their home countries. the state.
On the other hand, Bah Manbhabok Kharraswai, who was present at the meeting, said that their request for the salary of SSA teachers is T.9200/- from T. .30,000/- for LP Schools and T.35000/- for UP Schools will be from T.9500/- to T.35000/- but this is not yet known as the government has not yet taken a decision within the Cabinet. .
Synrem said that when we look at the current reservation policy regarding the appointment of non-permanent posts, the government says that the reservation policy cannot work, but on the part of The HYC feels that if there is anything that the government has not implemented for more than 30 days, the HYC demands that the reservation policy should be implemented.
In an interview with one of the employees of a network provider company, Reliance Jio, he said that the lack of network is due to the breakdown and deterioration of parts of the tower.
How suddenly now they have been changed.
Shillong, July 13: It was a memorable day for the people of Dong Tmoi, Lynshing because of the long-standing desire of the people to get a clean water tank along with sanitation facilities. They are responsible for the convenience of the residents of the village who rely on this spring which does not run dry all year round.
The Meghalaya Start Up Policy 2018 has been submitted to the Cabinet for discussion in the Ministry of Commerce and Industry.
On this occasion, the students demanded to suspend the results of the 2nd Semester until the implementation of the marking and to review the results of the semesters according to the Grading System.
Even today, the Khasi Artists Union holds a sburrong and shtah thohdur every year at the Thoh Shun Art Camp and on every occasion to celebrate the lyngkhuh. On the opening day, the guests were requested to bless the ceremony with a written shun and the public was also encouraged to take part in the same season while the color of the taw pyninam remains.
Jowai, July 01: The mining and transportation of coal from Jaintia Hills and Meghalaya is one of the largest sources of income which started decades ago. The people and the state government, the households of the villages especially in those villages where coal is produced have increased their income over the years. They don't worry because they can buy water to drink every day.
He said that farmers grow many varieties of mushrooms such as mushrooms, Reishi and Shiitake which are expensive and there is a need for a Mushroom Food Park in Shillong.
On the other hand, Pastor Rev Basaiawmoit demanded that the government should investigate the perpetrators without any feeling or anger.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today sent the names of four candidates to the Governor of Meghalaya. The CEM of KHADC has sent the names of Ronni V Lyngdoh, Lamphrang Blah from the Congress, Macdalyne Mawlong from the PDF and Mitchell Wankhar of the NPP. With the sending of these four names by the CEM, the number of vacant EM posts in the KHADC has risen to seven.
On this occasion, the president of BJYM urged the people to work hard and be determined to overcome the difficulties and challenges to reach the goal without fear or hesitation to stand on the truth by taking the symbols of thought. of Swami Vivekananda, which says “Arise, awake and stop not until the goal is reached”.
Furthermore, it was found that many of these PPRCs have expired.
On the other hand, Bah Dympep urged the Human Rights Council to conduct a monthly survey on this issue in the future not only in the world but especially in Asia.
There are 676 cases in total.
Shillong, November 09: The Union Minister of State for Petroleum and Natural Gas, Dharmendra Pradhan, today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma at his residence. They signed a social agreement to set up 30,000 Lyer filling stations in the state which will be constructed by the Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. during the meeting.
The DSEO office of SWKH District has strongly urged the school authorities not to hold any Assembly before school, all school children should be provided with water and if there are difficulties they should not be taken to school. that place of care is not near eh.
The President of the KSU has alleged that the lack of response of the Minister of Home Affairs is an illegal violation of the decision of the Legislative Assembly on the demand for Inner Line Permit, Manipur. Meghalaya has been demanded without saying anything.
The Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) East Khasi Hills Police on receiving a tip conducted a raid on a slum in Sweeper Lane and arrested a 26-year-old woman. Wednesday.
It is because of this that they are filled with pride to sing.
At this meeting, the office bearers of the Congress party Shillong North expressed their gratitude to Kong Warjri for the work she has done for the people of the constituency.
The meeting was held at Lakadong village.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today announced that the government has decided to impose a 45 day curfew in East Khasi Hills District from 8.00 pm to 5 pm. 10am on 31 January 2021.
Tura, Naitung 15: U Gilbirth Marak, Assistant Commandant of the 2nd Meghalaya Police Battalion in charge of Goeragre in West Garo Hills, has been arrested and remanded in custody. for 14 days, his arrest was on charges of sexual assault on a woman.
In their speeches, all of them expressed their regret that the money of the office will be deposited in the account of a private individual from 2013 to
Out of the 11 candidates announced today, nine are the incumbent MDCs of the KHADC. Bah Draison Kharshiing is a former MLA of 1-Nartiang Constituency. PDF organization in the same place.
The police of the city have not been able to register a case and the central government and the Aam Aadmi Party government have not been able to provide the protection as demanded by the people of the city. the easternmost part of India.
The Seng also demanded that the KHADC should immediately remove the Sordar and Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Kynroh Nonglyer from their posts. to give rights to women in society.
The Umkhrah and Umshyrpi Rivers, the two main rivers flowing through the heart of Shillong, have been flooded by a four-hour heavy rainfall on Friday. The Umiam Dam which supplies electricity to tens of thousands of households in Meghalaya.
On this occasion, a march and a parade of coffins was held from Madan Ïewrynghep to Weiking Square with a prayer by the Tymmen ki San of the Seng Khasi Kmie.
Shun is also found in religious languages ​​such as those called Thoh Shun Ki Blei, and happy marriages in marriage are also said to be written shun, not in Christian thought. as well as those who are successful in the field of employment, trade, inheritance or any other field in society are also called shun.
He said that 80% of the teachers in schools and colleges are women.
Drivers of vehicles registered in Meghalaya should inform the District Transport Office whether they have been issued Tika or not before leaving the state.
The total number of cases in the state is 1355, East Khasi Hills 860, West Khasi Hills 31, South West Khasi Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 117, West Jaintia Hills 11, East Jaintia Hills 85, West Garo Hills West Garo Hills 20, South Garo Hills 5, East Garo Hills 23 and North Garo Hills
Hearing this proposal from Bah Maybon Lyngdoh, the teachers who were sitting in the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat, raised their hands and called out to continue their strike until The government has accepted their demand.
Peace in trade and commerce is one of the keys, my aim is to ensure that there is peace in the way of life where people do not have to struggle to get permits from the government or officers, where he gets his needs met with ease and because of this, we must work towards achieving this goal.
“However, no seats have been allocated for the students of Meghalaya in these two courses.
He also blessed and wished the new branch to be a unit that will produce clean results in its operations.
The Seng also demands that the state government should immediately arrest these robbers before the Seng takes strong action against them.
The training achievements of our Group are a sign of the determination and hard work of every person in uniform.
In the complaint, Bah Dkhar said that the company has collected money from the people and some of them should have received it since June this year but the company has not paid to the people.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting of the party's Executive Committee, PDF President Gavin Miguel Mylliem said that the decision was taken at the meeting of the Executive Committee of the party. public meeting of the party.
Regarding this demand, a public meeting will be held to clarify and this is not for the benefit of himself but for the benefit of the people and the state as a whole because they have a stake in the children. young.
Nongrum and Iawren recently represented Meghalaya in the Sub-Junior Girls National Football Championship and Marwein represented Meghalaya in the Subroto Cup National Level Tournament.
States like Uttar Pradesh, Odisha and Bihar have shown significant benefits from the PMMY. West Bengal and Tripura have also experienced an increase in their share (and also in the Kishore and Tarun districts). shows the flow of benefits to the east.
“I, as the Prime Minister and the Cabinet, have directed MeECL to take action before handing over the 56 sub stations to BECIL,” he said.
It also affects the land, rivers and oceans and the cleanliness of the air we breathe.
Shillong, March 29: The second meeting of the indigenous peoples of Tamil Nadu was held on October 26, 2012 at the Planning Commission Conference Hall, Chennai.
Reports said that the Niangtaser has been producing well this month and will continue until the end of June.
Every state, before GST, enjoyed an annual increase in revenue collection of 14%.
Speaking to reporters, Dr War said that they are struggling to ensure that the disease does not spread and until now they have not been able to identify the people who have the disease. difficulty.
Police have completed all the necessary procedures according to the law and the investigation is ongoing to find out the truth.
It is to be recalled that many of the local workers since the lockdown in the country and the state have lost their jobs and this has created a lot of problems especially for the foreigners who earn their living from daily wages.
The President of India Droupadi Murmu will deliver her speech at the joint session of MPs of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha on July 27,
New Delhi, July 25: In his speech on the eve of the 90th Republic Day celebrations, the President of India, Ram Nath Kovind, said that the North East or the Indian Ocean .
“We have discussed with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to strengthen the security at the Entry-Exit Points in East Jaintia Hills to prevent the infiltration of the authorities at night.
On the development of the country, he said it is the duty of everyone to work for the development of other people. get into people and it will make a difference.
This is a help for now, if this ban continues they will see.
Conrad said that this victory is not only for the people of Williamnagar but in the name of Purno A Sangma, his father who died at the door of Williamnagar. God.
In the women's marathon, Aquilin Warjri from Wahlang won first place, Banrisuk Warjri from Wahlang won second place, Shishabahun Nongkynrih won third place. Langtimai Siejiong and the winners were Phibanshimti Warjri from Nongkynrih, Sanhil Warjri from Thynroit and Anginia Warjri from Umphrew.
Jomon is not the director of the drama.
On the 13th of November 2022, the Assam government came to drop the narpost at Sabuda village but the villagers on receiving information about the violence of the Assam government went and met with the DC Ribhoi to demand a stop. The government of Assam has not been able to do this.
Shillong, Nailur 09: U George B Lyngdoh MLA of the TMC, while speaking on the report submitted by Justice T.Vaiphei, which was submitted to the Legislative Assembly by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on the passing away of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
The meeting demanded that the Chief Minister should take over the education department from Bah Lahkmen within two days as he is the Minister of Education of the state government without responsibility.
The MLAs who visited them were George B Lyngdoh from TMC, Adelbert Nongrum from KHNAM, AL Hek from BJP Himalaya Shanpliang and other political parties. but he wants the two MLAs to visit them.
Why do you ask, do you think that the Lapangap Khanduli is not Armaloi?
Union Minister Dharmendra Pradhan has arrived in Meghalaya to attend the XXVII 2022 graduation ceremony of NEHU.
Shillong, Nailar 9: The Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya, Justice AK Mittal today administered the oath of office to the Grade I Judicial Officers at the Conference Room of the High Court of Meghalaya.
Dr Mukul said that this misunderstanding is against the history of the country and the glory of the country. This great country and that unity is based on mutual understanding, this is the same feeling that has been for those in Pakistan who want their country to be founded in the name of religion is not in India.
This is according to a statement sent by the General Secretary of the Seng.
They have to think about us who have been in college for only one year,” said Malngiang, adding that the 4th Semester classes will start next month and all the students of the semester have decided not to wear clothes. Wear uniforms when you come to class.
The competition will be held at 7.00 pm, and the dance will be for individual dancers only and this will be open to all those who wish to take part.
The country demands an answer from those who speak in support of Article 370, whether Articles 370 and 35-A are necessary.
“Before taking it to Parliament, the opinion of the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) and the State Government is required.
He said there will also be a selection of players for friendly matches with prominent clubs in the state.
“If we look at Jaintia Hills, there are thousands of Non-Tribal businesses, but the surprising thing is why only 2785 Non-Tribals have Trading License and out of these 2785, only 321 businesses have Trading License. typically valid.
Shillong, March 16: The DC West Khasi Hills District will continue to struggle to introduce more schemes into the DBT. SSA teachers who are pursuing the Diploma in Elementary Education (D.El.
Meghalayan films – Ka Lad, Meshua & Melody and Wym Hasa – will also be screened at the four-day festival.
He said that the UDP party is not only for men but also for women and there are still two posts reserved for women. They don't marry women or men, but they don't work with young men.
The deceased were identified as Vanlal Faka Hmar, 74, of Madanriting and Bhavan Singh Rai, 79, of Thembasuk.
The Chief Minister, Bah Dhar, said that he is pleased that such a large meeting will be held in Shillong and he has been invited to attend the meeting. to provide clean cooking air to help the environment.
The villagers don't know much about the floods in Kynshi village because it has happened from time to time. I don't know why, but now I've found that many houses have been flooded.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 82 people have tested positive for COVID-19 out of which 33 are civilians.
The Cabinet Secretary to the Union Government and the Ministry of Home Affairs held a joint meeting with the Chief Secretaries and DGPs. Chief Secretaries and DGPs of the States yesterday and today as well as in the morning.
Shillong, March 17: U MLA of 17th Shillong North constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum today distributed sanitizer dispensers to 47 places of worship in the constituency and also in the 19th constituency. Jaiaw MDC Constituency.
Regarding the Nongpoh Hospital, the Chief Minister said that the hospital still lacks facilities to accommodate patients and asked the health department to find ways. how to increase the number of patients.
The ceremony went smoothly during the four days in which the Hindu devotees were able to perform the ceremony in a spectacular manner according to their customs and traditions in their respective places. pandal which has been arranged.
Who came specifically for the meeting.
The union also raised several demands, such as the Autonomous Council, the post of Superintendent of Police and the post of Deputy Commissioner not to fall under the jurisdiction of the GHADC and others. .
The investors suggested further development of the UNNATI scheme, including the eligibility of factories starting in 2022-24 and reducing the investment limit for small and medium enterprises, among others. suggestion.
At the same time, parents are also urged to come and support them on this day.
On the same day, the union also spoke to the doctor in charge of the hospital, who said that there is still a lot of need to prepare the bedrooms of the patients who cannot sleep together. Covid-19 and those who suffer from other illnesses because the building or room is too small.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: A truck carrying churchgoers has collided with a railway station at Jadokrah near Sohpian today. Unfortunately, 40 people lost their lives and many others were injured.
“The new Executive Committee has also requested the World Bank to build a waste processing plant.
We will sit down to discuss and inform the State Government of these measures to prevent and combat the possibility that there may be those foreigners from the State who go to seek shatri to become full citizens of India and this is the state,” said Marngar.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Lieutenant General RK Rana today was appointed as the 28th Director General of the Assam Rifles.
According to a statement sent by the Secretary of the Commission, the Commission took this action after the incident appeared in one of the Khasi newspapers on the 16th of this month.
Therefore, the people are requested not to misunderstand this decision which has been taken urgently because it is inevitable that as the leaders of the party we must respect each other and work together so that our struggle will be successful. JYF President PL Majaw said that tomorrow 10/12/2013, those who attend weddings should throw balloons, and at the same time others will be warned. that they should not be misused and if anything untoward happens to those who take advantage or misuse it, the organizations are not responsible.
Shillong, March 23: Preparations for the Monolith Festival to be held at Mawphlang on the 25th and 26th of this month have been going on smoothly. The place where the dance is held, the types of houses built of siej and phlang in the fields of their respective kingdoms.
He said that this change by the Police Department in the recruitment process has caused problems to many of them after completing their age relaxation studies.
HNYF President Bless Dkhar has requested the company owned by Raju Basamasutariba to complete the project as soon as possible.
The union is against the mining of uranium, but accepts the development projects that the government has brought into West Khasi Hills. for this cause the sick were laid in the beds.
Shillong, March 01: The CoMSO, after meeting with the employees of GVK EMRI (108 ambulance) who are currently on strike, has decided to support the demands of the employees. for we have seen that their claims are not founded.
Many times even the people don't have the spirit of helping, because that's a society in need, not us,” said Rimiki Pajuh whose eyes are blind.
Shillong, Nailar 30: A delegation of civil society organizations under the banner of the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) led by Bah Robert J Kharjahrin has met with Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Minister in charge of Land. to amend the Land Transfer Act.
There will also be three meetings tomorrow before the program for the launch of Vision
The death toll has risen to 9, including 6 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi and 2 from West Jaintia Hills.
With the announcement of these candidates, the Congress party has announced all the candidates from 60 constituencies for the MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly to be held on 27/2/2 .
According to a statement, 88 children took part in the athletics including 53 men and 35 women.
“It’s unfortunate that as big a plan as this, the town has no clue.
There are 96,608 people who have tested positive for CVID-19, 94,938 people have recovered from the disease and 94,938 people have died. there were 1621 of them.
This will give us the strength to fight, and the courage to overcome in this time of trouble.
It undermines the foundation of free and fair elections in a balanced manner.
These Bio Toilets are located in one of the two toilets and three toilets have been allocated to the Government Boys Higher Secondary School. to Bio Toilets.
Ambrose Ch Marak promised to do so and immediately phoned the College management to increase the forms.
The Constitution brings order between Rights and Duties.
Shillong, November 29: U Prestone Tynsong MLA of the Congress party on Tuesday said that all five MLAs who resigned today will join the NPP party. Public meeting to be held on the 4th July 2018 at Madan Polo.
Purno received 239,237 votes and Congress candidate Darly William CH Momin received 19,273 votes. in Tura in 19273.
As other parties have understood the danger of this two lane road and have agreed with the decision of KHADC, we hope that the JAC will also think carefully about the danger if the two lane road is allowed. uranium mining.
Shillong, Lber 05: The BJP party held a meeting today at its office in the presence of Ajoy Jomuwal General Secretary in charge of party affairs in the North East. It has decided to contest MP candidates in Meghalaya from Shillong and Tura.
The union also said that the establishment of this school is an obstacle to the students of this village to grow like other people.
The Chairman of the CCIB said that the government should first invite the land owners and the chiefs to talk to them regarding the border settlement with Bangladesh and not just talk outside without talking to the land owners.
“On what basis was the no confidence motion passed,” Chyne asked.
The demand of the AIGNF is that the salary of nurses in central government hospitals should not be PB-II but should be CIB-5400/- which means basic, because the nurses have not been paid The union demands that they should be included in the new commission as they have lost many of their benefits.
She said that police came to her house to investigate but now they have arrested her and sent her to Jowai jail.
The residents of West Khasi Hills District are urged to purchase these bulb lights.
The Ministry of Culture and Heritage has handed over to the Riti Academy to develop this building which speaks about the culture and traditions of Meghalaya. , Director W Nongsiej and Raphael Warjri.
Prestone urged the people to come together and work together for the development of Meghalaya, to be open-minded for the development of Meghalaya in all aspects. development works.
He said that he has a firm belief that the nation will continue to fight for the Kiang Nangbah and Tirot Singh for the sake of the nation.
The MPLU said that the allowance of trucks to enter the state is not only a threat to the people of Jaintia Hills but also to the people of Meghalaya as a whole. State hi, don't misunderstand that this protest is only for the people of East Jaintia, or the coal traders this is not the issue of coal it is the fight against covid1
Shillong, July 18: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Central Body (JSU) has expressed its strong opposition to the plantation of rice fields under the Department of Soil and Water Conservation (T). West Jaintia Hills as well as in the Industries Department in various fields which has reached 20 vacancies and has been appointed illegally without public announcement and these 20 posts have been appointed. Demonstrator (more than 20 Posts), appointed as 3F with scale pay of 8300/= as well as appointment and two The General Secretary of the union, Bah Emperor Bareh, said that during a thorough investigation, the union has found secret jobs in the District Industries Center Jowai. At the same time, it has expressed its strong opposition to this illegal recruitment which has deprived the rights of other job seekers in Jaintia Hills.
He said that many of these states who have joined the NCC have done better than men.
He urged the people to take responsibility to elect people who are qualified and to establish the issues and which party to elect.
Referring to the Look East Policy, he said there is a need for cooperation between the central government and the state governments of the region to make this policy a success.
This shows the government's lack of concern for the welfare of the people of Sohra and the state.
It was stressed that any act that violates the MCC or undermines the voter registration process will be punished by the Commission.
Your certificate does not have a court order.
The cultural program was held at Jatiya Natyashala Milanayatan, Bangladesh Shilpaka Academy, Shegun Bagicha, Dhaka on Thursday.
Bah Process said he didn't think they would join hands with the opposition, they have been together for four years and now there is a division but you shouldn't blame them, they have left the party and they have their own way. The Congress is a strong force. There are MLAs and MDCs. In Garo Hills, the MDCs have followed the MLAs. “The party is still strong in Garo Hills because they follow the leaders,” he said.
India's ranking rose to 52nd in 2019, from 81st on the Global Innovation Index; In the IMD World Digital Competitiveness Index 2019, India has risen to 44th from 48th in
Intellectuals are reluctant to contest elections but they have elected leaders who have wealth, unemployment is the mistake of electing leaders.
“The Government is keen to include the suggestions and approvals through the holding of an education symposium to continue to develop in the field of higher education.
Regarding the State Anthem, which has been approved for implementation, which speaks of the culture and traditions of the ethnic groups in the State, the State Anthem has been created and established under the Meghalaya State Language Act
Sangma was stabbed and died of his injuries before being taken to hospital.
MDC Mawhati Constituency Charles Marngar has introduced a motion in the Legislative Assembly of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today.
The BSF has set up various groups at the Frontiers, Sectors and Units and in various programmes, documentaries on the BSF have been screened to encourage and train the youth on the recruitment process of the BSF. .
The Seng reiterates that the employment process in the state should be clean so that the state as a whole can develop.
Therefore, the struggle to protect, preserve and develop the Tribals, which includes us Khasi, Jaintia and Garo, cannot escape the struggle against the forces and groups who want to bring about one religion, one culture. culture, one system of thought and one system of government throughout India.
Speaking to the students of the college in the presence of parents of the students, the Governor said that all the governments that came to power in Delhi, no matter where they came from Which party has a special respect for the customs and traditions of the minorities in the North East of India.
In order to assist the Lokayukta in conducting investigations, the officers of the Inquiry Wing shall not be inferior to the rank of Under Secretary to the Government, but shall have the same powers as has been submitted to the Lokayukta under Section
I belong to the people and I will meet you and don't come with expectations of what I cannot do in my own strength.
Dr Azad Zaman said that during his visit to the area today, he found that there is only one water pump and this is not enough. to ring the water from the crematorium and today they have brought another water pump.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Chairman of the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee, Rgh I.Sun, said that the meeting started at Lum Dorbar, Lawnongthroh. On this occasion, it is pleasant that all these things, from the thanksgiving to the prayers, went smoothly.
Tura: The 5th Meghalaya Games Shooting Competition came to an end on 20th July 2024 at Monfort Centre, Tura. The women's team won the gold medal after defeating the East Khasi Hills District.
The Prime Minister said he was proud that India's pharmaceutical industry has progressed so far.
Three 2G bio-refinery projects have been completed in Bhatinda, Bargarh, Numaligarh, Panipat and Gorakhpur.
It is understood that the union is very concerned about the state of peace and order in the state.
Amit Sinha was rushed to Sanar International Hospital Gurgaon where doctors pronounced him dead. The driver of the vehicle, Digvijay Singh, was also admitted to the hospital.
The officers in charge of the polling stations have arrived at the polling stations tomorrow morning which will start at 7.00 pm and end at 4.00 pm.
Government officials who attended the function included Chief Secretary Mr. WMS Pariat, Additional Chief Secretary Finance Department, BK Dev Varma, Commissioner and Secretary Finance Department, Smt.
Explaining the question of the MDCs, Bah PN Syiem said that the CEM of the House was elected by the House through election and until now he is still the CEM. The public has not been able to approve the motion and has not submitted a motion to approve the new CEM.
In the final match of the 3Division Football League 2023 which was held at the First Ground, Polo on Tuesday, Pay For Right Football Academy won the title of the 2023 tournament. They beat Mylliemlum Sports Club 2-0
After natural disasters, many people, civil society groups and the army worked day and night to rescue and provide assistance to the displaced people.
The two vehicles were seized from Hangaria Road and the vehicles number ML-04D-2343 and ML-04D-6 The price of the sugarcane has reached T.17 lakh.
The Minister of State for Child Development, Meenakshi Lekhika, in charge of External Affairs and Culture, delivered a speech.
Shillong, July 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that he has directed to send to the government the proposal to set up First Tract Courts to expedite the trial of cases related to rape cases against women and children.
He urged the government authorities especially the sports department to ensure that the tower which is still standing cannot collapse if there is a wind or the rain is still falling as the ground from below the tower has started to fall.
However, the recent award of Prof Badaplin War for the Padmashri Award may have improved the Khasi writing field, but it is still necessary to encourage others to improve. and to be able to strongly urge the Central Government for the recognition of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The Seng will monitor and hold protests if the Department does not stop and clarify these demands.
During the search, evidence, documents and digital information were seized showing that there was an undisclosed investment in the property.
The incident occurred on the 22nd of this month.
The Assam Government is willing to set up polling stations in every village, but the Meghalaya Government has sent all the villages to Mawlasnai, a village far from these disputed areas.
At the same time, those who attended the Pomblang festival were urged not to spread the food items when they eat but to spread them in the right place so that it will bring a clean morning.
Others who attended the function were Dr Azad Zaman, PT Sawkmie, HM Shangpliang, George B Lyngdoh, Dikanchi D Shira, Wansuk Syiem MP Rajya Sabha, Dr DD Lapang. and many others are party leaders.
Bah Precious Tmung from Ri Bhoi district exhibited her silk fabrics under the brand 'Zong hi' and told about her journey to unite and strengthen the tailors to revive the traditional fabrics. This is the case with the people of Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 03: The BDO (Saipung Block) Magistrate has investigated into the alleged misuse of NREGS funds of Rs 514,900 by Bah Wolding Lamurong on 29th June.
At the inauguration meeting, Pala authorized Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem to recall DD Lapang to the party because he is in the Congress party. there is room for everyone in their positions, there is room for criticism and there is room for collaboration.
The KJNU leader said that if the Hmars want peace or reconciliation, they should not judge or fight against the Khasi Pnar people.
The Forest Department of the State Government on Tuesday morning raided and destroyed the shops which had set up a temporary market at Umdiengpung Square, 7 Mer Upper Shillong.
By being in the Congress, he said that he will be able to serve better the people especially the East Jaintia Hills which is still lacking in all aspects of development.
As happened in Lapangap since ancient times, the Khasi-Pnars cultivated rice there and while they were cultivating rice they (Karbi) allowed it but when it was time to harvest they (Karbi) allowed it.
Shillong, Lber 09: U Bah Lambor Malangniang MLA of Nongkrem, while visiting the injured in the shooting incident at Jatah, strongly condemned the brutality of the people of the area and demanded that to arrest them immediately and set along them.
The purchase and transportation of goods shall be in accordance with the arrangements of the Executive Magistrates in the areas.
On Friday, the union led by Publicity Secretary Hame Ryngkhlem and Assistant Organizing Secretary Samla Chibait Rymbai met with the Director of DERT, Kong KR Manner to seek clarification on the inability to BITE building and residential school in Byndihati.
Speaking at the public meeting, the MDC of Jaiaw said that this is a threat to the jaidbynriew if this cleanliness continues. Khasi women don't know how to respect the fathers of the family.
She said that Indian women have taken the lead and paved the way for other women in various fields such as national defence, science and technology, sports, education, entrepreneurship, agriculture and other activities.
The HSPDP is also committed to fighting against the plan of the Government of India through companies to mine uranium in all parts of Khasi Jaintia Hills, which is a threat to the nation, plants and fish. .
Shillong, July 28: The JSU has slammed the Union of Dorbars of Shangpung Village Council on their demand to relocate the PWD North Division to Shangpung Village Council.
Don't let money buy your life, the advent of 100 days work is a blessing to the community.
Today, at about 2.00 pm, the children were playing and the BSF threw the children into the house and the children fled the scene.
The Dorbar Shnong Nonglait, on receiving information on this, has urgently convened a meeting on the 10th June, 2024 and decided to conduct a search operation on the 11th June, Estar Lyngdoh, 63 years old, said:
At this meeting, the Union Minister said that the officers should issue a certificate that the money has been used on time, so that the Union Government can release the money. at the right time.
Speaking to reporters, he said that after receiving a complaint from the parents of the children, they expressed their concern that they have to pass through the entry and exit point at Byrnihat.
Adelbert Nongrum was also confirmed as the candidate from the 17th North Shillong Constituency and Mayborn Lyngdoh from the 14th Pynthorumkhrah Constituency.
The Government today also decided to provide PPE to some of the families of the deceased to take the bodies of the deceased home from the hospitals to their homes for the funeral. niam you hand.
The NEPMU has announced to suspend the supply of petrol to Meghalaya from the 29th of this month on the grounds that the Meghalaya Police have used force on the roads of Ri-bhoi District.
Police said that the name of the deceased is still unknown and the public is urged to contact the deceased. He was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that after a thorough review and consultation with the residents, the Cabinet at the meeting today It has decided to temporarily close down the MCCL.
There is talk of the airport, the airport at Umroi has turned into a dam, but after the coming of this government, the airport has been opened and now there is a plane to Kolkatta, Imphal.
The army had to bring in its own fire extinguisher to use foam (Sboh) to extinguish the fire but due to the intensity of the fire, the army was still struggling to extinguish the fire. the fire that is still burning inside the house.
There are four choirs from India, Meghalaya and the selected choirs are KC Lights (Meghalaya) and Nagaland Chamber Choir (Nagaland). , the Ao Naga Choir (Nagaland), the Mizo Cardinal Choir (Mizoram), the Salvation Singers (Mumbai), Beat Choir (Chennai), the Madras Musical Association Choir (Chennai) and the Sargam Choir (Chennai).
The PWD has been trying to build this bridge from time to time but they have not been able to implement it because many people have said that the bridge can now exceed the price set by the PWD. government.
New economic approach and reforms undertaken by his government to ensure prosperity of Indians.
Police have arrested these two women and investigation is ongoing to find out who is involved in these drug trafficking activities in the state. Police have registered a complaint at Madanriting Police Station. No. 71(6)2024 u/s 21(c)/29.
As a person from the North East and a native of this region, it is an honor to be the first native to become a Cabinet Minister in the Union Government to look after the Law Department. a very heavy responsibility as a Union Minister.
The party is open to discussions on this issue if there are experts who can provide clarification.
The meeting was led by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, President and Minister of State for Agriculture and Sports, Bah Hamletson Dohling, Minister of Urban Affairs and Bah Jason S Mawlong and Gavin M Mylliem, MLAs, including Secretary and Ivanlumlang Marbaniang, Chairman of the Party.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 02: One person has lost his life and 28 others have been killed in the earthquake in four villages in Nongstoin. others were injured and dozens of homes were lost and destroyed.
He said that there have been some cases where as a Rangbah Shnong at the same time as an employee of the Council he does not know whether to obey the Council or to obey the village as Rangbah Shnong.
Shillong, Nailur 09: Speaking as the chief guest at a meeting held at Shillong College today on the earthquake disaster, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Housing, Government of Meghalaya, said: “I tried to educate people about the danger of earthquakes,” she said.
Bilincy Jana said that the theft happened at midnight from her residence in Umling Ri Bhoi District and the incident happened while they were sleeping. They took the money from the bag and took the car.
Shillong, July 13: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 1 case of COVID-19 has been confirmed in R Bhoi District. case from Khasi Hills and 3 cases from Bhoi.
Shillong, Nailar 01: Police of West Garo Hills District and Bhoi District Police today seized dynamite hidden at Umdu village in Ri Bhoi District.
By introducing special rules, the Cabinet has decided not to count the age of those who are over the age of appointment in the Department of Textiles.
After this match, KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit beat North Khasi Hills Unit by 5 goals to
John F Kharshiing said that the Delhi Government authorities, during the talks, were surprised to learn that many Hima/Elaka do not have their own Acts or Rules.
The Government has spent a lot of money on this factory which has caused a huge loss to the Government. decision.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The Select Committee of the State Legislative Assembly today met to discuss the Residential Bills which have not yet been passed by the Legislative Assembly but have been sent to the Residential Bills. the select committee to review it before getting the approval of the House.
If those parts have to be included, if it has become the Official Language, how can we proceed to address these issues or if we do? Khasi and Garo, do not have the meaning of the Official word.
The squadron was led by Air Force Major Rajesh Kumar, SASO, Eastern Air Command, Shillong.
During the meeting, the State President also discussed the needs of the state and the opportunity to meet face to face with the Prime Minister of India on the needs of the state. you have to go ahead.
Shillong, Iaiong 02: Tikrikila Police on receiving a tip that a vehicle was suspected to be carrying illegal liquor, have launched a search operation. Police searched the vehicle and seized 749 bottles of Phensedyl.
Jowai, Jymmang 25: Khliehriat Police Station on Tuesday said that the name of a young woman who was found dead from Khdiah in East Jaintia Hills District is still unknown. she is from Umsing and is often called Deng.
West Garo Hills Police have arrested Bernard N Marak in connection with the shooting case and will take him back to court tomorrow.
Two months after the Congress MDC from Mawkyrwat, Bah Carnes Sohshang and his party joined the NPP, the Congress house in Mawkyrwat Constituency on Tuesday was cleaned up again. HSPDP candidate Medalsing Lyngdoh and his supporters have joined the Congress. They were welcomed by MPCC President Vincent H. Singh. Shovel.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal, in his speech, said that the district authorities have already held meetings with the village authorities of various villages to help ensure that the puja is held. enjoy reading.
They cannot become citizens even if they flee or enter Bangladesh.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 will start on Monday and Meghalaya has decided to select the athletes under 21 years old to compete in the tournament. this time now.
This was stated by Bah Mehio Roy Suting, Chairman of the 17th Shillong Constituency Committee.
Bah Titos, in his speech, expressed his satisfaction with the MBOSE's decision to remove Khasi as a compulsory subject for all Khasi children in classes XI and XII. You can choose an optional subject as you wish.
He said that the youth is the best time to do something for the country and the nation.
Meghalaya experienced wind speeds of 40-50 kmph, gusting up to 60 kmph on May 27.
Many of the deceased were from Nginiong, Nongbudum and Mawbyrkong villages in West Khasi Hills District. pray that those who are currently in the midst of treatment will recover.
On this occasion, the HNLC expressed its confidence in the government to bring about reconciliation and waited for a reply from the government on this proposal for peace talks.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: Shillong Police today arrested two highway robbers, Raju Biswa and Chandra Prakash.
The strong and bright future of the country depends on the youth of the country, and therefore as the youth, we must be determined and discipline ourselves to ensure that all the positions ahead will be ours.
Shillong, Nailur 29: Congress spokesperson and AICC member Onika Mehrotra on Tuesday said that the preparation to allocate women to the Legislative Assembly was made in 1989 during the time of Rajiv Gandhi. bam bread in the house.
He said that if the government has a joint venture 70 percent of the money will be spent by the state government but the government should implement and reopen the factory and run it itself. about 20 to 30 percent will come naturally.
He said that since the independence of the state, there have been 21 meetings between the Chief Ministers of the two states but the talks have not reached any conclusion regarding the demand for the boundary. The Central Government Commission has said that they will arrange between the two states.
On the other hand, the CEM said in the House that at the recent meeting held at Madan Student, the Hima have expressed that the KHADC should withdraw this payment, while the EC has to look into it. detail this claim of the realms.
Germany is afraid that if the EU laws are changed it will increase the number of refugees, even Britain is ready to leave the EU completely just because the people are afraid and They are deeply concerned about the opening of the borders, especially the small states in the Northeast especially Meghalaya which has already experienced the bloodshed between the Khasi and Nepalis in
What happened on the morning of the 26th of this month, the buses did not enter the parking lot, but due to the lack of unloading of goods, these buses had to stop at the Angelee area to Mawlong Market but they were driven away by the police.
Marcus's job for the GNLA was to smuggle GNLA fighters from India to Bangladesh, he told the BSF today.
Answering questions, Dr Kharlukhii said the people elected the Congress party in 2013 and this will end in 2018, the party respects the decision of the people but if this government fails Now this is the internal affairs of the Congress party.
He directed that steps should be taken to improve the early warning system regarding the rise of water levels in rivers for flood prevention.
On the other hand, the KSU wants to have a railway line.
“There needs to be compassion for these patients.
The mission football will be opened tomorrow at Madan Polo where the best footballers of India will play against the best footballers of the North East. The match will be played at 5 pm at Polo.
Banshai Marbaniang said that the water shortage in the Wah Shnongs is still causing problems especially in relation to many of the villagers who still have to go to the neighboring Wah Shnongs. They are still short of water until it has been eliminated through the implementation of the MGNREGA (100 Days) scheme.
The NPP, founded by his father PA Sangma, is for the minorities of the North East.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the party, Bah Danny Dunai, said that the meeting was convened because people from all over the country wanted to know about the work of the party. They are from South West Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi District.
He urged everyone to cooperate with the government authorities to make this vaccination campaign a success.
The Seng will continue to look into these issues and if the Government does not do anything we will have to take action and take action to ensure that the Jaitbynriew will not be affected by the illegal entry of foreigners. Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Mawlai Town Dorbar Committee (MTDC) together with the MLA of this constituency, Bah Embhah Syiemlieh, have met with Bah Sngewbhlang Dhar. Minister in charge of Community and Rural Development (C&RD) to speak on the Mawlai C&RD Block as announced by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma in the House during the 2016-2017 Budget Session.
Why do they have to wait for the decision of the authorities?
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi today inaugurated the “Fit India Movement” at the Gandhi Indoor Stadium in New Delhi. and Conrad K Sangma.
Arju said the employees understand that MeECL has a lot of debts especially to NEEPCO but the management should also understand that the employees need to get salaries from the part of managing the many needs of the household.
After investigation, the police released these three men at 12.00 pm on 19/3/2024 after granting bail. Police have conducted a thorough investigation into the incident.
That the public should understand and respect the farmers.
The registration of votes for East Garo Hills on 12th and 13th June 2024 and West Garo Hills for 8th and 9th June
The lack of border demarcation from the past until now has caused a lot of suffering to the Khasi people since the independence of Meghalaya until now. u tree light.
On this occasion, Bah Paia B War Nongbri Assistant Director, Sports Department, visited the training to encourage the youth and hopes that the students will continue to improve in this sports in the state. .
The Muster Rolls were released on this day by those working in various government offices including PWD, PHE, Forest, Veterinary and others in the area including Tyrsad, Sawsymper, Mawsynram, Spider-Ryngku went all the way to Balat.
Khongngai said the company has promised to complete the road within the next few months and the JAC has accepted this promise.
In this scheme, 60% of the money is provided by the government and 40% is spent by the government.
The Government of India has identified the environment as a major sector in the future economic development of the country.
It is a shame for the police to conclude that it is the GNLA that has done this without finding out all the facts. You live in Garo Hills.
It was on this day that Pakistani troops attacked the BSF camp at Kalipara in Garo Hills but the BSF did not surrender and fought back until the Pakistani troops. Pakistan had to flee the area.
Meloris Dhar has been expelled from the village by the Lumlakhait Dorbar Shnong on charges of possession of Taro.
The experts are those who know the number of citizens, know the Constitution, know the law, know the Jurisprudence, know the rules governing the State Assembly, know the the judgments of the courts, which are known to all the wise men.
Mawtynrong, Lumdiengsong, Mawlaidong, Lawdap, Jiriangsin, Japung, Nongthymmai, Borkhe, Lumdienjri, Sohkyntait, Mangsangdaso.
Police said the Naga was released this afternoon between Chokpot and Gausapara on the Bangladesh border.
The tournament, a long-held dream for the association, will be held in two age categories, for U-14 boys and U-16 boys.
Speaking to reporters, Nickey said that the party has received a full time President for the post of NPYF. He was elected as the National Working President of the Youth League.
The training was held at Mawkyrwat (18th & 19th September 2013) and about 20 people at Mairang on 23rd September 2013, from 9 am to 3 pm. , M&E/MIS Officer, at Caritas India, Futures Group International India Pvt.
He said that on the 15th of June they will leave for Muriap village for their needs and they will also bring the explanation they have received from the CEO so that they can do all their needs.
The Minister was accompanied by C Rani CEO of CR Project.
Speaking to reporters, he said that who would have thought that in Goa, where many Christians have a majority, the BJP party would be able to form a government, but the party has been able to hold power in the state. He said that 50% of the party's MLAs are Christians.
Minister Duh also spoke about the inauguration of Phase I of the Integrated Complex 'Karmayogi Bhavan' in New Delhi which he said will strengthen the Government's efforts to train people.
He said that during this time of pride for the new building.
The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that they have been placed in judicial custody.
Besides, they have already been seated in the car, they have been seated only as Chairman/Vice Chairman as one of the NPP leaders has already explained to them.
While the completion of the Umngot Water Supply Scheme is still far from completion, the meeting of these village leaders has decided in its complaint that the DC will take action by ordering the PHE Department to repair it. Immediately repair the pipe lines so that the people can escape from this shortage of water especially during these dry seasons.
The President approved the awarding of 132 Padma Awards, one of which was awarded to two persons but was counted as one according to the list.
The two Garo Hills civil society organizations have lodged an FIR against the timber truck belonging to the police at the police station in Danadubi. the government forest in Rongjeng.
"The questions will be submitted on the day of the writing competition. The competition will be sent by KJWA in two categories.
On the same day, the DOPPLER Weather Radar was inaugurated at Sohra, the rainiest place in the world. On this day, prizes were also awarded to the winners of the race and the cleanest villages and households.
With this, baseless accusations against the government became futile.
In East Khasi Hills, 19, 10, West Garo Hills, 6, West Garo Hills, 2, South West Garo Hills, 37 personnel have been deployed to Ri Bhoi. The total number of cases was
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Central Executive Council of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today expressed its disappointment over the speech of the Chairman of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). The High Level Committee has sent to verify the RTI received by the HYC from the office of Shillong. Municipal Board.
Initially, the union arrested two drug addicts, Fairly Donald Sangma and Michael James Lyngdoh, who said they had received drugs from a drug dealer named Stevenson Tongwah. from the village of Nonglang.
Jowai, November 10: Leaders of the KSU Jaintia Hills District today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah FM Dopth to ask why the district authorities have gone to open the school. Dalmia Cement in Thangksai has been closed down.
He said it is sad to know that even though the salary is small, they don't get it every month. He said that the salary of the officers should be delayed and paid monthly because of these. People are the poorest of the poor and should not delay their salaries.
Shillong, July 13: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, today announced that the curfew in Lumdiengjri Police Station has been lifted from 5 pm to 8 pm today. on 6/14/2018.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, recalled that the Union Home Minister, Amit Shah, had said that if the border dispute with Bangladesh can be resolved, it will be difficult to resolve it between the states and Bangladesh. The Central Government has set a target to ensure that by 15th July 2022, India will celebrate its 75th Independence Day.
Jackfruit Cakes, Jackfruit Muffins, Jackfruit Chips, Jackfruit Biscuits, Jackfruit Bread, Jackfruit Chocolates, Jackfruit Pickles, Jackfruit Wine, Jackfruit Juice and Jackfruit Jam.
Nongtraw said the HNLC has also requested the release of all HNLC members and individuals who have been arrested on suspicion of being involved with the HNLC who are still in jail.
Speaking to media, the Congress leader in Meghalaya said that the government has no responsibility for the strike of the EMRI workers. If the Prime Minister and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare cannot take responsibility, they should resign.
Shillong, June 06: The President of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU), Commander Shangpliang, on Tuesday urged the state government to allow the opening of jhur shops every day. farmers because there are many vegetables that have grown and it is time to harvest them.
Other speakers at the meeting were Dr C Lyngdoh MLA Umsning, Bah Ngaitlang Dhar MLA Umroi and Bah HM Shangpliang Director Social Welfare.
Delegates and media from different countries participating in the Summit had the opportunity to visit the Crafts Bazaar and buy their products.
The bomb exploded between police stations and government employees' stations in Williamnagar district.
After the existing Section 3 (c), sub-section 3 (d) was also inserted, which states, “Any Khasi woman married to a non-Khasi and her children shall be taken that they are no longer Khasi and have lost their Khasi identity and cannot claim to be Khasi under any law”.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister launched many development projects in the area for which the Central Government has already allocated funds.
It will be a blessing if it will be handed over to the skilled Khasi youth through the Self Help Groups,” said the statement.
This is unbelievable because if so, the State Government should have consulted before introducing the Act in the Legislative Assembly and should not have made the Rules.
Tura, November 11: Two GNLA cadres shot dead the manager of a petrol pump at Sosekgre near Rongram under Tura police station at 8:30 this morning.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, in a statement sent to the media, said that the purpose of the raid is to take measures to maintain peace and order.
The union has met with the Additional Deputy Commissioner of the district and the union has asked for the repair of this road.
Police are conducting an investigation to find out the truth about the collision, who was wrong to cause the tragic incident in which four people lost their lives.
In order to establish the relationship between the Federation of Khasi States and the Khasi States, these treaties, promises, agreements and promises (IOA & AA) through a separate Article in the Constitution of India, You are the Sixth Scheduled.
Although the salary of the deficit teachers has been approved by the Cabinet as part of the report of the Pay Commission, the teachers welcome this action of the government. mention what the teachers have discussed with the Pay Commission team.
For the West Khasi Hills District, it will be held at Mairang and Nongstoin, for the South West Khasi Hills at Byrnihat and for the East Khasi Hills District at Polo Shillong.
Commander Shangpliang President of the HFU said that the farmers have decided to write to the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to convene a meeting of the farmers and traders in the market as decided in the Visit of the Minister, CEM and Syiem to Iewduh last year.
However, although the funds have been released, 60% of the work has not started.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh, MLA of Nongrim Hills, said that he is very pleased that the Chief Minister is also a resident of Nongrim Hills.
Digital skills are essential in this post-COVID world. India's talents are looking at the development of digital skills of our youth.
Shillong, March 12: Judge B Khriam of the Special Court of East Khasi Hills District has sentenced Sebarin Nongkynrieh, 14 years to three years imprisonment and Bakstarwell Kharshilot three years with fine. the provisions of the POSCO Act.
Shri Rajeev Chandrasekhar said that the proposed Digital India Act aims to help develop India as a globally competitive innovation and entrepreneurial ecosystem while at the same time protecting the rights of its citizens.
The UCIL should shut down the uranium mining project, as this area is the wettest area and at the same time it is the area where there is no earthquake and this will endanger if anything happens. Therefore, it is better for UCIL not to close down.
The total number of villages which have received this training on how to maintain good health has reached 173 and the total number of public meetings has been 78 times.
Union Defense Minister Amit Shah on Friday inaugurated the Cyber ​​Security Operations Center at the Assam Rifles Headquarters in Laitkor, Shillong in the presence of the Director General of Assam Rifles Lt. Gen P.C Nair.
The death toll from the outbreak of COVID-19 to the end of 2021 has risen to 1484. The death toll according to the districts is East Garo Hills 16, East Jaintia Hills 32, East Khasi Hills North Garo Hills 8, Ri Bhoi 90, South Garo Hills 12, South West Garo Hills 18, South West Khasi Hills 17, West Garo Hills 73, West Jaintia Hills 136, West Khasi Hills 74 cases.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: Three vehicles carrying jhur from Bhoi to Shillong have been seized by the police at Mawiongrim today.
Shillong, March 24: U Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy today visited West Khasi Hills District and said that the Syntailum have been deceived by the Syntailum in the country. Switzerland.
He recalled how the civil society has demanded ILP which has not been implemented yet and even the government has stood on the basis of granting ILP in the state. The KHADC has not been able to provide these services until now. If the government does not provide these services, the group will oppose the government's decision.
This was agreed after talks between Indian Minister for North Eastern Affairs Dr Jitendra Singh and a delegation led by the High Commissioner of Singapore, u Visit Thuan Kuan.
Like the Lokpal Bill, any information received through RTI can also be punished.
This is another milestone for bringing economic development to the people.
It is to be recalled that Samla Shadap was arrested on the 17th of this month at 8.44 pm after receiving a telephone and message from another phone number +9
Four members of a family have died in an earthquake in Pynthorlangteiñ village in Thadlaskeiñ Block, West Jaintia Hills District. step on Sunday.
They also want to bring back political rights, they demand from the government to take responsibility for the border issue, they fight against the clean marriage because it will destroy the nation.
On the same day (22.5.2020) at 11:00pm, it was reported that a girl child has died inside the train from North-East and three others were in the same compartment. who is from Meghalaya.
Grossper Ryntathiang, Secretary of the Mawthadraishan Circle, said, “We have a letter from the Mawthadraishan Circle and the West Khasi Hills District to not recognize Dr. Fenella as a member of the party. The Primary Unit said that Dr. Fenella's action is an insult to the party.
He said that even his house was completely destroyed after being bombed in the cold and the rainwater was able to enter the house because it burned through the tin buried on the roof. state.
The truck was heading from Ladrymbai to Kuliang when the BSF troops arrested the driver and follower of the truck but could not provide any information regarding Shini.
During the two days of programmes, the mothers received many benefits from the speakers. On this theme, the mothers discussed and decided to implement in the churches, religious branches, up to the synjuk; This was decided on the last day of the dorbar.
The UDP took this decision after speaking at a party meeting.
Another amendment to Rule 6 should be inserted after Part VII and Part VIII should be inserted. Council.
The HYC would also like to request the Government of India and the State Government not to take advantage of the COVID-19 pandemic to build a railway in Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SMA) has held a meeting to congratulate the 28 SAM shooters who will represent Meghalaya at the 6th NEZSC to be held at Aizwal, Mizoram.
On the passing away of Bah Various Star Nongsiej, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Leader of the Opposition, Dr Mukul Sangma, have sent their condolences to the family and prayers. The Lord will give you eternal life.
Reports close to the Congress party said that there has been a proposal for the name of Winnerson D Sangma, but the opposition has not yet taken a decision as it will meet tomorrow. to take a decision on whom to nominate as the candidate for the election speaker.
“This program is to explain to the public what kind of schemes have already been delivered to the people and this program will be held in East Jaintia Hills District on the 17th July with the funding of BSNL,” he said. Shibun Lyngdoh said that the party has already launched a program in Garo Hills called the Sabka Sath Sabka Development Sammelan.
According to the RTE Act and RTE rule, SSA teachers should be appointed as full time teachers of the government but In Meghalaya, all 12541 SSA teachers have been appointed on contract basis by the School Managing Committee under the State Implementation Society.
There are 106 employees in the 13 schools, 21 non-teachers, 85 teachers in Secondary Schools and 17 non-teachers. .
For those people who work in more difficult jobs such as agriculture and livestock, it is difficult to wear a mask because of death especially when a person is breathing heavily while working. you are not.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the order to withhold the results of children who have not been vaccinated against Measles Rubella is too low.
All such people creating trouble were told that the country no longer needed their services and they were removed.
Leaders of KJBWA and FKJGP expressed their gratitude to the Veterinary Department for starting the check up of cows before bringing them to the state and for installing equipment for slaughtering cows at Khanapara Market. The smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh has been banned.
Theirit Lyngdoh, one of the owners of the houses, said that the government's arrest of Kong Agnes is groundless because Kong Agnes is only a helper to us who don't know A and B. in fact, the government should have arrested us landlords.
The purpose of this award is to encourage the students to achieve their goals in various fields, especially to train young people in the Civil Service fields and also to achieve in PhD in state universities.
GVK EMRI 108 Meghalaya has also received the District Appreciation Award for its services from the hands of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on the occasion of the 71st Independence Day in Shillong.
The SCB and the PHE collect water tax from the people and when they collect water tax they should also provide water.
Such meetings were held because the retired soldiers, wounded soldiers and widows are like one family which cannot be separated and huh theme “ Like the year of the family".
The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India should take action on this issue, so that such incidents will not happen again in the future.
West Bengal also saw a significant increase in voter turnout to 81.4%.
The 46th Anniversary of the State was also celebrated in Tura, Ampati, Jaintia Hills and Amlarem in East Garo Hills. Hills District was held in Williamnagar.
Under this programme, the target of collecting plastic bags is 17720 kilos for Meghalaya per month.
After the Congress party criticized MeECL for not spending enough money to repair these power plants in Stage III, when asked what the government has done in the past 10 years, MeECL has suffered a huge loss of more than T.100 crore per annum.
We also urge the party to accept her (Dr Nonglait) as the party's candidate to contest from the Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
I am pleased to see India as a leader in the development of renewable energy sources and its leadership in climate change initiatives.
Regarding the Vice President of the party, Rahul Gandhi, there has been a discussion and as responsibility for the defeat of the party, he should have stepped down but many members of the MPCC want him to remain as president. you are the leader of the Congress party.
Regarding the entry and exit points, the government has taken action because now it understands that the entry points should be strengthened to check those who enter.
Williamnagar, August 07: A BP Truck ML02-0756 was on its way from Nengkhra to Williamnagar when a bomb exploded at 8:30 pm today. but I will not go.
The proposed exploration license is expected to open up opportunities for exploration groups to bring in international expertise in geological data acquisition, processing. and interpretation and overcome the challenges of exploring for mineral resources using these skills and technologies.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The NIA today raided a shop in the market and found that the owner of a shop, Bida Warbahka, has employed an 11-year-old girl.
On his part, he promised to do his utmost for the college.
At the same time, he informs the public and all those who have received the trust of the Sein through him to provide information and ask for assistance from the president or members of AJYWO. He said that during his tenure with the Sein, he was very pleased that 99% of the issues taken up by the AJYWO in collaboration with the members and leaders were successful.
He said the struggle was to convince the Indian authorities that they should fulfill the promises of the treaties as promised under the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement 17 Aug 1948 adopted by the Government of India.
On this occasion, employees of various banks will come to explain to the public. They urged the public to take advantage of this opportunity to receive training by attending this meeting. day.
Before the speech by the Chief Guest, World Vision India, East Khasi Hills also awarded special honors to several ASHA workers in various Aganwadi Centers who have worked hard as Aganwadi Centres. I hope they will be able to provide better service in the future.
So far, the central government has borrowed Rs 72,000 crore through this special facility at an interest rate of 4.7024%.
Once again, we request the Government through the Ministry of Electricity (MeECL) to provide and install a new transformer so that it will benefit the residents or consumers, according to a statement sent by Secretary of Umkiang Village Council.
Everyone focuses only on their own ideas.
Regarding this, the residents have lodged a complaint with the office of the Deputy Commissioner and the Deputy Commissioner has sent it to the Superintendent of Police. police, said the Congress leader.
Although the land is small, it has been understood to build more floors to get more rooms for the accommodation of various departments of the Shillong Municipal Board.
They said that the opposition is because the road is narrow and small and besides, in this area, there are also schools like Bethany Society which is a school for the disabled. , Mary Rise Center which is a school for children with mental disabilities and Bansara Eye Care.
Shillong, March 06: Mawhati Constituency is a constituency which is famous for the deterioration of roads and this deterioration can be said to be due to the lack of attention of the past leaders and this problem of the people. This constituency is still facing the same problem to this day.
At the meeting held in Guwahati, it was said that human trafficking worldwide has reached 24.9 million people annually, most of whom are women and children.
Shillong, July 23: Shibun Lyngdoh today handed over the post of President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit to Ernest Marwei.
At this meeting, they also handed over a letter and demanded that he should provide an explanation regarding the advertisement issued on 30th October 2024 regarding the appointment date. in the Police department.
In this regard, the company has agreed that the engineer should be at the workplace to cooperate and from now on they will do so and that the person to supervise the construction should be in Shillong to They also agreed to renovate the Dome and to build it without any cost.
Also present on the occasion were MLA Samlin Malngiang, Minister in charge of Water Supply, Renikton L Tongkhar MLA Chairman. Dr. TS Nongkhlaw, DHS (MI), Dr. MR Basaiawmoit, DMHO, East Khasi Hills, Government and Secretary of Weilyngkut Village.
Speaking as the chief guest, Minister of State Zenith M Sangma said that in Meghalaya there are 36 non-financial institutions, 21 central banks, There are 10 Private Banks, one Rural Bank and 4 Cooperative Banks with a total of 395 branches in the state. ATMs are only 20%.
At the same time, the union is talking about the fish in the river because there are those who take advantage of the situation to shoot drugs and bomb the fish.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has said that it will hold a sit-in in front of the Main Secretariat on Tuesday, March 3rd as a sign of protest. to the government for the unjustified arrest of three party leaders.
Ramson said that he would be pleased if there is a team of inquiry into the collapse of the Dome to find out the truth and avoid the criticism. any part of the Dome shall be damaged whether it is by the work of the contractor, or by the Building Department or by the drawing.
“We are pleased to announce that the State Government has started the work and a tender of T.5 crore has been called for the construction of roads and footpaths in Iewduh.
“The overcrowding of liquor shops from winestore to illegal liquor shops in East Jaintia Hills District, has put the society and especially the country and our minority and backward people at risk. magnificent.
In this 5-day training i.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, has delivered a special address to the leaders of various countries including the United Nations, Mexico, Sri Lanka, Kenya, France, Nepal, USA and Bangladesh. , Italy, Germany, South Africa, Brazil, Maldives, Rome and groups such as the World Economic Forum, SEWA India, ASCON India, South African BRICS Youth Association (SABYA), TERI India, among others. discuss the topic of climate change.
Finally, the JSU wishes the EC of JHADC under the leadership of CEM T.Shiwat to continue to work to create opportunities for the welfare and happiness of the people. The law of the country and the nation as a whole.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: Speaking on the readiness of the civil society groups to come to talks with the government, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, said, but whether this comes from them all, this is the part that needs to be looked into.
All the members of the Shillong Press who have the right to elect office bearers are only those who have received recognition from the DIPR. The election was held at Shillong Press Club under the auspices of the DIPR office. In his speech, the Director of DIPR, M Sangma, congratulated those who have been elected and looks forward to the election. He congratulated all those who took part in the successful elections for the next three years.
: The Voice of the People (VPP) has strongly opposed the decision of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government to allocate 1.4 acres of land in the middle of Shillong. 2.4 acres to accommodate the people of Them Ïew Mawlong, many of whom are illegal residents of government land.
The new office bearers of HANM are Comely Lyngdoh, Vice President Aphira Lamurong and Poihame Sungoh, Secretary Wankishwa Mawlong and others holding various positions. that member.
At this meeting, he also expressed his satisfaction to see that the good works done by the BSF have yielded results in which the people in the border areas with Bangladesh have been able to survive with the assistance. On the other hand, the Director General of BSF has met with the Governor of Meghalaya, RS Moosahary. on the border with Bangladesh.
The MMECC feels that the Chief Minister has taken the right steps to release the people who live in the mining industry. at the same time to develop a mining plan to obtain a mining lease from the government.
Under this policy, he said, up to 117 Sub-Inspectors have been recruited and these are undergoing training at the Haryana Police Academy in Madhuna.
Bah Kahrshiing said that it is fortunate that the venues for the games are not far from each other and the MSOA does not have to install special vehicles. kit the fighters.
In the same competition, Dr. Junali Das won the best poster award for his paper, “Pure Red Cell Aplasia – Report of a Case Series.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: U Pa'im Naindro Syiemiong, Syiem of Maharam Hima, in the presence of Ministers and Priests, on Tuesday said that if Bah Phamless Syiemlieh does not apologize for the allegations against him, he shall not be able to bring a judgment against him.
All vehicles coming from West and East Jaintia Hills with flags will come directly to Madam football of Khliehriat Higher Second School Khliehriat and from there we will start the Black Flag Rally by marching with flags to Mot. Wohkiang Nangbah, DC office, East Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, Conrad also spoke about the needs of the railway station in Mendipathar North Garo Hills District.
This decision was taken at a meeting held at Nongjri village where the Rangbah Shnongs of Umsning and Mawhati constituencies together with Bah James Sylliang MDC Mawhati Constituency. he was together.
He said that these new ideas have helped the people to achieve their goals.
Shillong, Nailar 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today said that the West Garo Hills Police have recently raided illegal activities, especially extortion and other illegal activities. the increase in the price of food and beverages.
Samlin Malngniang MLA from Sohiong, who won the MLA election from the HSPDP party, was also a minister in the MDA government but had to resign because there was a decision to hold the election. Sources close to the NPP said that there are talks that the Sohiong MLA will join the party before the 2023 elections. The NPP will be replaced by the HSPDP which won in
Section 17(1)(a) of the Water Act stipulates that the Government through the State Board shall introduce adequate programs to ensure the prevention, control and abatement of water sources. or reservoirs within the channel.
The Union of Village Authorities, Mawkynrew District, has invited Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board; Chairman, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, to assist in explaining the Village Act proposed by the KHADC authorities and known as the KHADC Village Admin Bill Bye-Law, and other Laws.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HNM) on July 15, 2023 has sent a letter to the Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh who is also the Chairman of the Regional Committee for West Khasi Hills. The State Government to inform the Election Commission of India against the residents of Langpih who hold two EPICs, one from Meghalaya and one from Assam.
Shillong, November 25: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has said that in a meeting with the officials of the National Assembly (KHADC), The NHIDC has said that it has not been able to issue the No Objection Certificate (NOC) for the road from Wahkaji to Mawthabah.
Police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing.
Mukul Sangma's speech to bring the railway to Sohra is nothing but a speech to show that he is above the will of the people, it also shows that he is a ruling Prime Minister.
Tura, July 30: The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District, Parvin Bakshi, has informed all the people not to carry more than T.50,000 during the election period. to inform in what manner they will use the money.
Other speakers were Bah R Blah and Bah Don War from the Union of Rangbah Shnong.
Although the new disease has been discovered since the beginning of this year, it has been found that it is not strong,” he said.
Suddenly, stand up, or jot syndon.
Roipar, as president, visited the injured who are in hospitals where they have been taken for treatment.
Police Medal for Bravery was awarded to 92 persons and Jeevan Rakshna Medal to 06 persons.
Latest news from the state budget said that the government can no longer delay or hold the funds of the GHADC as they have already provided all the requirements while the KHADC only provides for them. The names of the schemes have not been sent to the government.
The party will soon meet the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to demand the convening of a Special Session to discuss the need to review the Reservation Policy and the year for the implementation of the Reservation Policy. Roster System.
The native language is what we learn, which shows the signs of culture and it is also the language we use to communicate with God.
Shillong, July 23: The footpath at Umiam View Point on GS Road Mawlai has been covered with snow. how to build a house.
He said that the Seng cannot just look at its brothers and sisters who have been affected by such incidents. share this burden with your brothers and sisters by your good Samaritan deeds.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Shillong Endurance Motorsports Club (SEMC) will hold a three-day motorcycle race at Umtngar for the third time. in collaboration with the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society.
Last evening, the Commission met with the leaders of the political parties in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited the health centers in North Garo Hills District in the presence of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Timothy D. Shira.
Shillong, March 30: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today convened a meeting of all political parties in the state to discuss three issues facing the state, the Citizenship Amendment Bill, Sixth Schedule Amendment and Meghalaya Residence Safety and Security Act
Furthermore, the Court also directed the State Government to enact strong laws to protect the border crossings to the rivers and prohibit the construction of any structures in violation of the provisions of the law.
Answering questions, the Minister said that the government will look into the matter. Regarding the security of the MLAs, as it is now, the PSOs are with the MLAs. If there is still a need, the government will look into it.
“We have tasted the strawberries produced by the farmers of the area and we have found that they have a sweet taste which has been appreciated by those who like to eat them,” he said.
Dr Donkupar Roy said the UDP does not want to contest the CEM seat in the KHADC, but wants to strengthen the EC, which is supported by the BJP, KHNAM and private members. Shillong, November 06: As a sign of condolences on the passing away of the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Bah Pynshngian, All the state officials will hold a three-day mourning from today until the 8th of this month.
The Chief Guest on the occasion was Bah PBO Warjri, Addl.Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya in the presence of ADC, East Khasi Hills, Bah.
Police have arrested the driver of the bus, April M. Sangma.
Shillong, November 09: The indefinite strike by the employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) has reached its second day today at the company's office in Lawchumier to demand their salaries and others. others that they should receive.
May the soul of Bah Sunn rest in peace.
“The existence of this Institute has greatly benefited the youth of the area and the district as a whole, therefore it is the duty of the government to provide all the necessary facilities at this training centre,” said a statement from Publicity. The Secretary of the Unit is Samla Sainborlang Suchiang.
Therefore, I request you to investigate thoroughly into this matter so that there will be no misuse of the rights of the people.
Therefore, I have come to demand my right from your honorable office to send for an investigation into the CCTV footage to find out the truth, as I have demanded,” said Bah Pasleiñ.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The National People's Party (NPP) in Jaintia Hills on Friday gave its full support to the party's MP-Lok Sabha candidate Dr Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh.
Speaking on the occasion, CEO of NITI Ayog, Amitabh Kant said that India has reached a major transformation in income and increase in employment. people compared to other countries of the world and this training is to address the challenges faced by the country.
Thangkhanlal Lupho has lodged a complaint with the police that between the night of July 21 and 22 , unidentified robbers stole his motorcycle with registration number MN -01 AM 9968 from the ground floor of your house at Fire Brigade, Motinagar-Shillong.
The Ministry of Law and Justice of the Union Government has issued a government notice that the President of India has appointed Muktiar Thangkhiew as the Judge of the HCM on the 17th of this month. Justice of HCM has been sworn in as a judge.
The road from MBGB to Mawpyllun is an old road but it has deteriorated badly and the length of this road is up to 7 km.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that after the Magisterial Inquiry, the report will be sent to the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC). center to look after human rights.
In his message on the occasion of the International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking, the Union Minister in charge of Home Affairs said that on the 26th of this month, June.
From the same place, BSF seized 62 bottles of heroin from people while they were trying to smuggle into Bangladesh. In the same seizure, BSF arrested two persons from Baburambil. Police have seized 36 bottles of heroin from them.
Smit, November 2018: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) has decided to contest the 2018 Legislative Assembly elections. single child without a partnership agreement with other parties.
The SP News Agency through this website wishes you all a Merry Christmas and a happy New Year.
A total of 1559 PG Degree graduates, 540 graduates and 1019 graduates were awarded in their absence.
The funeral service will be held on Saturday, 23rd June, 2019 at her home in Jaiaw Laitdom Umpohliew at 1 pm, before the funeral service at the Presbyterian Church Jaiaw Weiking.
In this regard, I have to wait for the investigation because the money should go through the account of the office which is outside the main branch.
The GHADC should also get its share if the KHADC and JHADC get their share as approved by the First President of India, Rajendra Prasad on 3rd May. 1952 which will also commemorate the incorporation of all of us (25 Khasi States and the Khasi and Jaintia District) into the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council in
The Mawiong one will be for farmers from Ri Bhoi District and the Umdiengpun one will be for farmers from Mawngap Lyniong and Pynursla, Laitlyngkot and Nongkynrieh.
The Government has already allocated T.338.152 crore for Tura and T.79.8 crore for Jowai. crore rupees.
The Sanitary Complex has toilets, showers, bathrooms and changing rooms.
New Delhi, March 21: On the occasion of the Special Police Day, Union Minister of State for Home Affairs and Cooperation, Amit Shah, has paid tribute to the policemen who sacrificed their lives at the National Police Memorial. in New Delhi today.
The students of Ri Bhoi District expect that this will increase as the days go by, but it is sad to receive information that this college has many shortcomings.
Shillong, K.Lyngkot 28: One of the contractors of the steel bridge at Dwar Ksuid has died after falling into the water. R.Thawmuid, 25, of Upper Shillong.
This is the first time in the history of Meghalaya that the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Madoi, in the presence of Union Home Minister Amit Shah, has attended the ceremony. Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: A meeting of officers was held today chaired by the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah DP Wahlang. to prepare a roadmap for the implementation of development projects in the state in the next five years.
When SP News Agency spoke to some of the people who have not received this subsidy for many months, they said that when they submit their documents to the places where they They also asked for their Aadhar number, but when they explained that they didn't have it, they accepted the documents but the problem they faced was that they didn't get the subsidy they should have received.
On the other hand, Bah Overwell urged the authorities and civil society organizations to look into this issue of Wahlang village as the actions of the BDO have caused a serious problem in the village. village.
The meeting was held on Tuesday in Tura. Officials from the PWD department also expressed their concerns regarding the construction of roads in Lum Garo. and at the same time it was also discussed how to find ways and means to overcome these problems.
The award winners were Gilbert Mawriwe.
He said that in the past years, he has had to come to the Sardar police station many times.
Sarkar first won the MLA seat from this constituency in 1993 as an independent candidate and in 2003 he won again from this constituency from the Indian National Congress party.
The program was titled “Awareness Campaign on the Ill Effects of Drug Abuse” and was held at three schools in Mawprem area including Sein Raij Secondary School, Mawprem Presbyterian Secondary School and Mawprem Modern Higher Secondary School.
Speaking to media after the meeting, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the KSU stands firmly against the CAA and will continue to hold meetings. public meetings to explain this.
Former Rangbah Shnong of Umroi Umdoh Byrthih, Bah RL Lyngkhoi, said, “We want the government to implement the ILP to build peace and order in the country, the nation and the villages. He said that the ILP should be implemented from the raids, hima, dorbars and the government to protect the nation. There is no ILP in the District Council.
On the same day, the Minister also inaugurated an exhibition on the theme “Hamara Sankalpviksit Bharat”.
In this meeting through a petition, she was able to give her opinion to the university authorities regarding the proposals to conduct the examinations including.
Medicines have been bought while the people have not received even the medicines.
In this regard, the Information Department of the State Government has been urged to announce publicly three days before the curfew. The Road Construction Department of the State Government has been requested to take another route. to operate vehicles during the closure.
As a party, we want to leave this struggle without violence but we want to have a dialogue.
The RBYO requests all the Village Authorities and the people of Ri Bhoi District to give their physical and spiritual support in order to curb the illegal entry of people from outside Meghalaya as it affects the work. Shillong, Jymmang 10: The RBYO urges everyone to demand from the government to achieve this through the efforts of these SNSNP leaders. Shillong, Jymmang 10: U Principal Chief Conservator of Forest Department CP Marak said that the District Forest Officer West Jaintia Hills has visited the area to investigate the complaint that the villages in the south of Nongtalag have suffered from water shortage due to the mining of Mawshun.
Professor SS Majaw gave a brief speech on this book and in his explanation he said that this book is different from other books because this book can be divided into two parts, the novel preaching or the Nobel Prize because in this book you have many symbols of thought.
STONE, 3.
After the closure of the work on 10th June 2019, this year in November the contractor came to start the work especially the bridge when the closure of the entry and exit of the people is still closed. the Government of Meghalaya.
“We demand that the authorities in charge of this Veterinary from the VDO and also from the Director of this department to turn their attention to this veterinary center by expediting the repair of the quarters, and to provide electricity, “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything at this veterinary dispensary,” said the leaders of the KSU Namdong Unit.
Shibun said there are three Public Sector Units which have funded the programme, Oil India and BSNL besides NEEPCO. spending for each program because the talks are with the Central Government and the PSUs and not with the Party of Meghalaya.
Shillong, March 28: Following the decision taken on 2nd October 2013, to urge the KHADC authorities to pass the KHADC Clan Dorbar Bill 2013, as part of the continuation of the work of the Dorbar of Chief Executive Members. All 3363 Khasi Pnar Dorbars are requested to immediately submit a copy of the Constitution or Constitution of all Khasi Pnar Kurs to the office of Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Dorbar. The Head of State.
There are 43 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 27 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 6 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in North Garo Hills, 1 case in South West Khasi Hills. 27 Garo Hills.
The construction of these houses has cost Rs 21 crore which has been funded by the Central Government.
Before the opening ceremony, Pastor D.Lyngdoh gave a prayer and blessing in the presence of the relatives, members of the executive committee of the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Nongkwar, members of the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Nongkwar. Mawlai Pyllun Youth Association and others who were invited.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The Meghalaya State Unit today sent a petition to the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui demanding that the government should not to conduct Online Examinations in the State.
On the other hand, the SP City congratulated the village for arresting the perpetrators, but at the same time urged not only one village but all the villages not to take the robbery. law in hand because if anything happens trouble will reach the village.
This will be the first visit of the Minister of State for Finance to the state.
On the other hand, the government appeals to all the residents to be vigilant and not to be misled by the hamsaia.
Many members of the House took part in the resolution, including Hedrian Lyngdoh, Victor Rani, Albinus Lyngdoh, LG Nongsiej, B Basaiawmoit, Grace Mary Kharpuri, Lamphrang Blah, Pyniaid Syiem, Kimfa Marbaniang. Morningstar Mawsor, Manstudy Village.
Mairang, Jymmang 8: The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in a statement today said that the employees of the Meghalaya Rural Bank, Mairang have tested positive for COVID-1 Those who have visited the Bank on 30th June 2021 and thereafter to quarantine themselves and not to meet anyone or leave their homes for 40 days.
Many supporters of the Congress party especially members of the Greater Mawlai People Union (GMPU) were present at the meeting along with many elders from the constituency. Mawlai is all over.
The day began with a prayer, thanksgiving at the party headquarters in Mawkhar in the morning and a celebration at Weiking Square, Jaïaw.
Speaking as the chief guest, he said that the problem these days is that the youth are struggling to find only government jobs.
In this regard, the state police and Assam police have jointly searched for the suspects. On the 15th of this month, they seized a Maruti Van at Ramakrishna Nagar, Karimganj. Assam and released the abductee.
After being informed, the residents have returned to their villages and the district authorities have ordered the closure of all shops today.
Wherever you grow and grow, you will rise.
These words were spoken by the President of the KSU, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngaru at the commemoration of the 161st death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah. Lambokstarwell Marngar said that if the government and the ruling party in the state want to introduce a freight railway, they should understand that the KSU is strongly opposed to this.
The purpose of the meeting was to explain that the BJP party has no opposition to any religion. The allegation against the BJP is not true.
How does the Ministry of Education and MBOSE not know the customs and traditions of the Hima Khyrim? The Iing Sad of the Hima Khyrim is also one of the Iing Sad of the Hima Khyrim which has a strong foundation and which still has the customs and traditions as the Hima was established with the religion and customs. He was known and respected not only by the thousands of children of the Hima but by the whole world.
The participants from Manipur, Assam, Shillong and villagers were from Manipur, Assam, Shillong and the villagers. The amount of money was T.1,16,70,000/-.
The office bearers of the district are Silme D Marak as President, Grikseng D Marak as Vice President, Lelynggread K Sangma as General Secretary, Chancellor G Momin Assistant Secretary and Badith T Sangma as Finance Secretary. Shoshon was appointed Publicity Secretary and Executive Members were also elected.
Secretary, Cooperation Department, Union Government, Gyanesh Kumar, Secretary, Department of Electronics and Information Technology, Union Government, Alkesh Kumar Sharma and Managing Director of CSC-SPV Sanjay Rakesh were present along with other officials. that yes.
In its manifesto for the MDC elections 2019 to be held on the 27th of this month, the UDP has clearly stated that “The Election Commission of India (ECI) has appointed On 27.02.2019, there will be a public election for both the Councils (KHADC and JHADC).
The slogan for this event is One India. The foundation stone was laid by the Chief Minister of Gujarat in April.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner, Matsiewdor War Nongbri, said that the situation has changed and people have left for their homes and more police have been sent to the scene to bring back the victims. he shall dwell in peace.
Speaking at the welcoming ceremony, the party president also announced that Mandal will be the party's candidate for the 2023 MLA election from the 46-Phulbari Constituency.
The meeting between the HYC and the Syiem of Mylliem Hima was also attended by the Ministers of the Hima.
Momin strongly condemned the Deputy Commissioner's remarks.
Shillong, Nailar 16: On Tuesday night, a riot broke out in Mawlai Nongknwar after the CrPF policemen in the area bomb people on the road without any reason. public.
The total number of students who were honored was 37 and these are only those who have passed well in Matric and XII, CBSE and ICSE. These students were awarded with certificates and souvenirs.
The Federation urges all the leaders of various political parties and the people of Bri u Hynniew Trep Hynniewskum to demand the implementation of the ILP and reject or oppose the CAB. Shillong, November 09: The Federation of Khasi States has sent a letter by email to Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya regarding Article 5 of the Annexed Agreement of the Instrument of Accession (IOA) of the Khasi States adopted by the Government of India on 17th August
For the soldiers it is held annually throughout India.
If the buyers feel that the price is sufficient, they should appeal to this government department.
That's Babu Kular's house.
The suspects were identified as Opuhar Khar of Trangblang, Lidon Syrti of Bilaipur (Cachar District), Rin Kyndait of Tuber Kmaishnong.
He also admitted that the residents have been complaining that the doctors and nurses and health facilities are not adequate at the CHC. “It has caused the people of Sohiong area to lose confidence in this CHC and many of the people of Sohiong area cannot afford to go to Mawphlang, Mairang and other places for treatment,” he said. Mr. Shabong.
Shillong, July 29: The Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad today met with the Union Minister of Agriculture, Radha Mohan Singh at his residence in Delhi.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, has become the first Minister from the Meghalaya government to test positive for COVID-1
“Although we don't have any comment on this decision of the Government, we feel that this decision is not appropriate,” he said. from Shillong on Tuesday to inquire from other states whether it is appropriate for the Government to take over the post of Teacher and he will inform the leaders of the Seng in October, .
These churches include the JMPF, JSU, JYF, HNPF and HANM. Speaking to u SP News Agency, JMPF President Bah Baitlang Pohsngap said that the Seng Bhalang has expressed its satisfaction with the promise of JMPF. The CEM shall suspend the order until a thorough investigation and decision is taken.
After the meeting with the Governor, Bah PN Syiem said that this meeting was to congratulate him after he came to take over as the Governor of the state. The meeting also discussed the outstanding bills passed by the KHADC House and the outstanding bills. other jobs such as the remaining EM job.
168 personnel have been deployed for this purpose to relieve the people from being stranded on the road.
In another question raised by Bah Mayralborn Syiem regarding the colleges, the Minister in charge of Education said that in Ri Bhoi there will be three colleges. It was converted into Community College, Union Christian College and Patharkhamah.
However, the Rangbah Shnong said that so far, no action has been taken by the Government to help him.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The residents of Guwahati have celebrated the Independence Day in a different manner this time with various clubs holding a football match.
Bah Himalaya Shangpliang MLA said that he is proud to be present on this day because the purpose of this Food Festival is very special, because this Food Festival is to help those who are left behind. in Shantivan.
They don't work even if they offer Rs 5 crore just to contest from the party they propose.
This is all over the state they are," he said.
KHNAM urges the state government to turn around and take action on the issue of the ASHAs.
Police have arrested KSU leader Biangdor Paliar and John Kyrshan Hashah from Mawlai at 10:00 pm. They were also taken to the civil hospital for further treatment.
In one of the houses, Kong Margaret Rynshonka is still busy caring for the silkworms in her house by feeding them castor leaves and covering them with a cloth to keep them warm.
That, civil society organizations are just gangs of thieves and money demanders.
Others who attended the meeting were Brigady N.Marak MLA Bajendoba, Marthon J. Sangma MLA Mendipathar, SP DP Marak, ADC PKBoro, Additional Chief Engineer G. Marak.
John said that the relocation of the outpost at Langpih and Kyrshai is sad because many people have to go to Nongstoin outpost if they need urgently.
The Deputy Commissioner, Matsiewdor, said that according to information received, the deceased was identified as Lurshai Hynniewta, 35, of Sohra.
In Eastern West Khasi Hills District, a public awareness campaign was held in the presence of school children, officials from various government departments and police. to affect the future.
He said that on the 8th of this month, officers of the Forest Department of Assam conducted an inspection and collected money from the farmers and have already taken a census of the 15 farmers. There are 10 households in Mukroh.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) today sent a petition to the Union Defense Minister Amit Shah for the appointment of a CBI or ED inquiry into the case. This is not the case in Meghalaya.
The race was led by Rephica Becky Pde, a famous marathon runner from the city.
On the other hand, MePDCL has taken the Atnimar Bharat Loan and 50% of the loan has been paid to NTPC. The government has asked to forgive but the NPTC has not forgiven.
It is to be recalled that the smuggling of sugar beans in Bangladesh is well known and trucks have crossed the border and the BSF has also seized sugar in many cases.
At this meeting it was said that since the government came to power in 2018 it has worked for the welfare of the people and most importantly to provide jobs in the rural areas across the state.
People today are different and we must understand this.
When inquired, he said that the State Government and the PWD department have also sought ways and means to build a new bridge.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi and East Khasi Hills District has been urged to make arrangements to avoid this traffic jam during the closure of the Umiam Bridge.
This was announced by Wanshwa Suting, President of the JNC Central Body and Cherity Suja, General Secretary of the KSU Khliehriat Circle.
Nongstoin, Nailur 17: The Hynniewtrep People's Organization (HANM) has expressed its support to the demand of the HANM West Khasi Hills District together with the Taxi Drivers Association. The Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah S.Kharlyngdoh, is the head of the district.
Three MLAs of the Voice of the People Party together with party leaders and supporters on Tuesday morning violated Section 144 of the Act. The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government led by the National People's Party (NPP) has decided to hold a protest to demand the re-appointment of three officers. They were appointed as members of the Meghalaya Lokayukta.
On the same day, two new websites were also launched.
Film delegates from all over the world participate in the festival.
Other speakers at the launch were Rikynti Nongpiur and Mackbul Lyngdoh.
He said that there were no complaints that the food did not arrive on time.
He also expressed satisfaction that the allocation for the second phase will be within this year's budget.
During the search, suspected smuggled goods, especially eyeglasses, were found inside the vehicle.
The Seng was founded not on the basis of money, but on the basis of restoring the rights of the people who have been violated by the central government.
There is a festival called the feast of Sukra.
Vice President of KSU Nongthymmai Circle Richard Mawkhiew welcomed the guests.
Out of the population of 1.4 billion, 1 billion are young and the average age is 29 years. India is a young country and this will continue. for the next 70 years.
It is expected that this release of funds will assist the States and UTs to prepare their budgets and other activities, improve health care facilities and implement projects to improve resources. .
The objective of the Ginger Mission is to produce 1.5 lakh MT of ginger in the next three years. At present, Meghalaya produces only 60,000 MT per annum. IISR Mahima, IISR Varada and Nadia are now well established across the state.
He said that thousands of kilometers of highways have been cleared across the country in the last eight years and work is progressing in the country for the construction of two parts, replacement of gauges, and electrification of the roads. railroad.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya spoke on the new scheme for the North East. The Government of Meghalaya has already submitted the schemes to the Central Government.
Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya will also participate through digital media.
He said that there is a need to work hard to strengthen the party not only in Ri Bhoi but across the state.
At the same time, the HNLC has expressed its gratitude to the Khasi Mawsynram for taking this opportunity to speak on the recognition of the Khasi people in a letter sent to the Minister. and it is the only party that has expressed its willingness to speak on the planting of ksiang in this peace talks.
From this incident, the opposition has lost the confidence of the people that there is no longer that unity in the opposition and this has made the people to think whether they can do the job as the opposition. against them, because they are against them.
The visit is part of the efforts to strengthen relations between the two countries.
The 3000 job seekers who have already written the examination said that on the decision of the court the government should announce their results and should do so before announcing the results. There is no election in the state.
He said that there is no other way for a leader of the people to stand firm to face the challenges but to be a servant of the people should not be proud, selfish and selfish.
On the other hand, the union has urged the Chief Engineer to replace or provide new transformers so that it will not be a nuisance to the people of these areas.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: There are 31 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 17 cases in West Garo Hills and 10 cases in West Garo Hills. There were 391 cases.
Shillong, Nailar 13: Former General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, has been shot dead by police at his residence in Mawlai Kynton Massar this morning.
He also urged especially the youth to practice physical activity which is one of the ways to prevent this disease and promised to give his right hand for this project.
Areas like promotion of various connecting ports between India and EU countries tackle uncertainties in bilateral relations, promotion of maritime-related activities as a gateway for BIMSTEC and IMEC economic corridors and the opening of IMO-related groups were some of the key issues of these discussions.
They were accompanied by Samla Rangbah Ohibait Dkhar President KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit. They met with the Superintending Engineer PWD Roads Jowai Circle, Jowai with a letter requesting for assistance from the KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit. The union in this letter also reminded the office that the same road has been repaired last year, but it is sad to say that the and the road became worse and worse.
Shillong, March 05: The Child Welfare Office in a statement today said that anyone in the family who knows of this child who has been abandoned in Nongmysnong can go to work. within 60 days, if no one works after this period, people will be allowed to come to buy children.
The post of Daloi in Satpator constituency has been vacant since 28th November 2012, Nongjngi constituency has been vacant since 25th July 2013 and Rymbai constituency has lost its Daloi since 25th October
During the meeting, the HNYF leaders expressed to the Minister the problems faced by the Block and the HNYF invited the Minister to visit the block. Your Block is located in West Khasi Hills District.
There are 15 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 13 from West Garo Hills, 1 from West Jaintia Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. currently there are 83210 people.
Shillong, July 17: The Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) Phidalia Toi on Tuesday alleged that the Commissioner of Rynjah Police Station has summoned the Rynjah Police Station to investigate the murder of two children by their father. because of the negligence of the police in their duties.
Shillong, March 20: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today appointed the Judge of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah S Kharsyiemlieh to investigate the allegation that deposit the amount of Professional Tax from Nongstoin and Nongpoh into the account of a private individual amounting to Rs 2 crore.
The petition said that the residents of the villages along the Umngot River and the residents of Meghalaya would like to express their strong opposition to the State Government's plan to dam the Umngot River for the purpose of producing electrical boarding.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne said that the assistance to improve the roads around the market has been done through a special scheme from the central government.
Through this, the IP system will be able to continue to benefit innovation in an inclusive manner, taking into account the needs of countries and their people.
: The Urban Development Department of the State Government on Tuesday approved the Dorbar Shnong Pynthorumkhrah Golflink to look after, maintain and manage the Children's Park behind the Hawker's Market, Golflink and Dogs. Squad.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: Police of West Jaintia Hills District on receiving a tip that there are NSCN-K cadres in Jaintia Hills District have arrested The Deputy Secretary in charge of the Revenue Department of the party, Gaising Maringmei and Ronal, 40, have been arrested from the village. The light of the Cross.
New Delhi, November 06: U Achal Kumar Joti today took over as the 21st Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) of India from Dr. Nasim Zaidi.
These Assamese, along with the driver of the vehicle, were killed and burnt at Rongmil, about 15 kilometers from Rongjeng. , East Garo Hills.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, President of the party, said that the government has called for talks with the party after the MDC elections. If the government doesn't respond to the government's response on the border, the people will protest.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Dr. KK Paul today planted trees in the grounds of Raj Bhavan, in the presence of MS Rao, IAS Principal Secretary, Governor, other officials. Mr. CP Marak, IFS, Bah SA Nongsiej, IFS, East Khasi Hills District Forest Officer, Social Forestry Division, East Khasi Hills.
When they come to the organization, we’re very proactive in addressing these concerns.
It is said that it was very difficult to shoot this film because before writing about this film, Bah Commander had done a thorough research on the nightlife in Khyndailad.
On the part of the Seng, we have expressed that until we have received a clarification and answer to the demands of the Seng, the Department should not proceed to call for a Written Test or Interview for the applicants for these posts.
Shillong, March 03: A 19-member delegation of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya today met with Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister Smt.
The union does not oppose the statement of the organizers of the Shillong Street Art Festival that they want to promote the talented artists of the state but the union demands that they should send paintings related to culture or customs and traditions. There is also a connection with the heroes of the Jaitbynriew like Tirot Sing Syiem, Kiang Nangbah and others so that those who see that the people of Meghalaya have their own brave and rich people have their own customs and traditions. that Nation.
The Government in fact should have thought how to prevent the spread of corona virus in the state, should have thought first how once it can prevent the spread of corona virus it will open the markets and so on but the urgency to come The recruitment of foreign workers is a challenge to the health of the district as a whole.
This was done to ensure that it will not affect the environment and at the same time that the workers in the coal mines will get safety.
Shillong, June 06: The Voice of the People (VoP) has announced that it will contest the 2023 MLA elections.
Regarding the Direct Action protest, the group will continue and now reach the second phase. The first phase was in collaboration with the Infiltration Department and The inspection will now be conducted with the officials of the Labor Department of the State Government as well as the District Councils.
Rangbah Chui Polhlynjar invited all the children of Ïawshibijai to attend the meeting.
At the same time, the government should expedite the talks with the Bangladesh government to bring back Dajied Kynsai Syiemlieh from Bangladesh to his country. hands that carry power.
At present, unemployment is a major problem in the society and this unemployment has led the youth to turn to illegal activities just to earn money and this has led them to commit crimes against the society.
Others who were present were Principal of St Edmund's Dr S Lamare, Bah B Khyriemujat President of the club, Bah L Nongrum President of Nongkrem Sport Club and others.
During the raid, there was a heavy clash between the police and the insurgents which lasted for about two hours.
SS Syiemlieh, and Dr. NP Suchiang where the Medical Director of Bansara Eye Care Center Dr. Jennifer Vaid Basaiawmoit welcomed the guests.
On the other hand, the DC gave this reply to the leaders of those who protested, Angela Rangad and others.
The construction of the new airport at Itanagar will improve transportation facilities and pave the way for economic development and tourism in the region.
Other poets who attended the ceremony included Dr. Solony Bareh, Assistant Professor and Author, Dr. Melony Bareh, Dr. Bakhiamon Rynjah, Assistant Professor, Dr. Lucky Kharpuri. Evanisha Pathaw, a volunteer and poet, Mary Everest Bamon, a volunteer and poet.
One of the HANM from Pynursla area has spoken out against the smuggling of sugarcane to Bangladesh and alleged that the price of sugarcane has increased due to this smuggling to Bangladesh.
Speaking at the meeting, Union Minister Sarbananda Sonowal said that through the development of staff at NEIAH, they will have a special opportunity to learn, cooperate and develop their capabilities in the fight. to bring validation of traditional medicine practices through scientific evidence.
Among the many pollutants that are more dangerous are carbon monoxide, sulfur oxides, nitrogen oxides, ammonia, particulate matter and radioactive.
This constituency has become vacant after Bah Sanbor Shullai resigned due to the law.
Others who attended the meeting were SR Marak, Joint Resident Commissioner, Meghalaya House, New Delhi, and other government officials from various departments.
Speaking to reporters, J Marbaniang, who was the leader of the KSU, said that the flag raising ceremony was held to protest against the passage of the Bill CAB by the Parliament. , 2019 which has now become law.
At present, there are 120 members of the ANVC(B) and all members of the ANVC(B) have been directed to arrive at their residences today. said a statement released by the militant group.
What is more sad for the teachers is that in the past few months they have filled their households by taking money from shops and now they don't give anymore because they can't pay the money.
The Government has taken this decision because it is still deeply concerned about the increase in the number of cases of COVID-1 Shillong has been closed for three days.
Police have arrested Peter Lyngkhoi, 26, from Nongstoin and later two others from Hynniewmer while Readystone Nongrum General Secretary and Shemphang Nongkynrieh were returning from Nongstoin.
The union also urged Santa Mary Shylla, MLA 5-Sutnga Saipung Constituency to take immediate action on the deterioration of this road.
The people can judge that if the KSU does anything even on minor issues, its members will be arrested without any reason. However, members of such organizations are never arrested by the police which shows that there may be some nexus behind it,” said the KSU. The KSU warns that no activities related to the present and former KSU or the present and former leaders should be done without the permission of the CEC of the KSU,” said the statement.
In his speech, the Minister said that it is true that many freedom fighters who have sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country, many have died in prison but their names are not in the books. He said that he has spoken to historians and one of them is Prof David Syiemlieh, former Chairman of MPSC. this book has mentioned many freedom fighters and such information is important not only for the present generation but also for the future generation because once you know you can understand what it means to have freedom.
This is in accordance with the Access Control System installed at the Secretariat.
Regarding the protest, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has called a meeting with the FKJGP this morning to discuss the issue.
The selection process will go through a formed committee for screening of deserving candidates.
Kyrmen said the government has issued a government notice that the Deputy Commissioners can use the funds in times of natural disasters and emergency relief.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Reginald Thabah President Mawprem Circle.
Their visit came after talks in the past.
Former Home Minister Robert G Lyngdoh has been appointed as the President and Edward Ryntathiang as the General Secretary of the Nongthymmai BCC. party.
On this occasion, Ampareen and Dopth handed over gifts and momentos to the players who have brought fame and glory and the hockey players handed over the trophy they received from Manipur to FM Dopth.
Shillong, July 14: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today submitted a letter of recommendation to the Expert Committee on the State Reservation Policy appointed by the State Government.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Additional Chief Secretary to the Water Resources Department, Dr. Shakil P Ahammed, in his Power Point presentation on the issue of water, said that 60% of the wells are covered by water. in the mountains they dried up.
The opening of FM transmitters will boost the radio industry in the country.
After getting married in Mawngap, he became very active in the sawangka and most of his own songs were added to many sawangka.
To prevent the spread of the disease, the government has imposed quarantine in Sumer, Mawlyngkhung, Umpyrdong-Umden, Umkon-Umden, Saiden-Nongpoh and Jyntru-Nongpoh villages under Umsning C&RD Block in Ri-Bhoi District. and Rangthong village under Mawkyrwat C&RD Block in South West Khasi Hills District as the villages where cows are affected by Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD).
Bah Hamletson Dohling, MLA Mylliem Constituency was the Chief Guest at the ceremony.
The UDP has already requested the two parties earlier but the answer they have received is that the two parties are ready to support if the UDP nominates Bah Bindo M Lanong. or Dr. Jemino Mawthoh.
RPF police have arrested Rahul Das, 19, of Sonitpur village and seized a mobile phone and T.10,000/-.
In his speech, the Governor congratulated all those who have received the Lifetime Membership Certificates.
The same thing happened in GHADC where the EC is led by the NPP and the BJP has 7 MDCs but they too have been appointed in the opposition in GHADC. Because they are not in the MDA government.
Overall, out of 103.84 million people in India, only 8.65 percent of the population is over 60 years of age.
The NESO demands that the state governments of the region should file a complaint with the Supreme Court to ensure that the decision of the Hon'ble High Court issued recently in this regard. and the conduct of the All India Medical Entrance Test or National Eligibility Entrance Test (NEET).
Regarding the deterioration of Government schools, the Seng leader informed the Minister of Education of the need to urgently repair Government schools, as many of these schools will no longer be suitable for use. months to come.
There are 10 candidates from 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency, 36 MLAs from 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituency and 10 candidates from 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituency. The constituency has four candidates and 24 MLA constituencies.
This is an insult to the poor, because after many months of lockdown and this disease has severely affected the income of the poor, along with the loss of jobs. most of them are working.
Not only that, NEIGRIHMS has conducted examinations for the posts that are no longer available and we have demanded that the Director should write to the Central Government to revive these posts. a letter to the Ministry directing NEIGRIHMS to develop the Revive Guidelines and how to revive the posts.
“Your passing is a pride for the school and also for us as a whole and I hope that you will continue to work harder at higher levels to develop our country.
After UCIL handed over the PHC to the Government, we have met many times with Kong Roshan Warjri who took over the position from Bah AL Hek and at our meeting in July this year. He promised to open this PHC within this year.
The Central Board of Secondary Education has come forward to support the initiative of the Ministry of Tourism and has issued directives to all CBSE affiliated schools on the establishment of Yuva Tourism Clubs.
The Minister in charge of Rural Development said that after receiving the complaints, a complaint has been lodged and the account officer has been dismissed and the government has appointed a team of inquiry into the matter. a full report before any action is taken against other officers accused of complicity.
According to the complaint, the money was withdrawn on 9/June/2024 by unidentified persons from her account at the State Bank of India in Tura West Garo Hills District.
Replying to a question by reporters on the number of MLAs who have left the Congress party without naming them, he said it is better for them to leave the party. think of the state.
“During the elections, I appealed to the people to help me to join you in many areas for the good of our nation.
The team was led by Dr AC Bhardwajan, DIG (Med)/MS and other doctors including two female doctors.
This copy can be downloaded from the website of the Election Commission of India regarding the Elections for the month of July 2017 on pages 20-21 of Annex-A, published by the Election Commission. Election Commission of India, this information is available on the website of the Election Commission of India.
More than 11.57 crore animals have been vaccinated so far and the vaccination is ongoing, he said.
During the meeting, it was urged to strengthen the Border Police Outposts on the border with Assam, to avoid attacks and killings of people on the border.
Others who were present on the occasion were the Director of Employment and Craftsmen Training, B.Hajong.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, DV Sadananda Gowda, in charge of Statistics and Program Implementation, today said that the railway line from Assam to Shillong has been recognized as a national project. and once it is placed in that position money has no problem.
Because the number of children in this state has increased.
Although he could not complete his studies, he never stopped composing and singing songs until he worked as a driver for several years.
Shillong, November 21: The Border Security Force (BSF) has seized 25 boxes of heroin from Bagli near South West Khasi Hills District while smugglers were trying to smuggle it to Bangladesh.
However, on the 8th of this month, it was found that the office has been moved back to Khliehriat without informing the JAC, Wapung C&RD Block or the Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur and the Dorbar Shnong Wapungshnong. the reason why you have to do so.
At the same time, in a statement, the Seiñ Kur Dkhar-EJHD, added that, for unavoidable reasons, this time, the honoring of our para-kurs on the The EJHD has announced that it will hold the Miss Northeast 2022 title for Irene Dkhar.
Corruption has affected the community and the allegation that many police officers instead of being protectors of the law have become lawbreakers, and the police are finding it difficult to arrest leaders when there is no judgment.
The No.11 was convinced it had crossed the line but the assistant referee was in the best position and play continued until the final whistle a couple of minutes later.
If the small paid Bangladeshis are allowed through the CAB, it will be a threat to the North East of India.
Despite that, we are now at a juncture unlike any other time in our history.
Shillong, July 11: The MPCC has convened its Executive Committee meeting on Friday to discuss the Lok Sabha elections and the MDC elections to be held in Lok Sabha. u next year.
The court has allowed the police to remand them in police custody for three days.
In the competition held in Jowai, the Blood Brothers won the competition in West Jaintia Hills, where they received a prize of T.10,000/- tyngka.
Police said that the group has recruited even children.
In a statement sent by the Ri Bhoi Police, they said that after receiving a complaint that there has been extortion of money from people claiming to be members of the HNLC in the areas of Mawhati, Umroi and Police have conducted investigations in Ri Bhoi District and Shillong.
Furthermore, the union has requested the DGP to assist the youth who wish to join the police force and suggest to conduct the Physical and Written Examination in Jaintia Hills to reduce the cost of employment. young man.
Police have been fighting as hard as they can to curb this crime. He said that in East Khasi Hills District alone, there have been seven complaints that children have been raped. beijot, as it is now, this evil has increased.
Bah Banpyrkhat joined the HNLC in 2001. Police are conducting investigation into whether he was involved in these crimes. years that he has been with the organization.
In an incident at Thangshalai village in East Khasi Hills, a bike overturned in the morning and all the occupants were injured. They were leaving Guwahati for Jowai.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister also congratulated the Shillong Press Club on its 25th anniversary.
The following are listed as attempts to develop in what is still to be dealt with with full authority over the language:: ka mean – it is a proverb that describes the character of a person who speaks and who cannot promote snap improvement in social relationships.
Shillong, July 29: The Seng Khasi Kmie through the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee together with the Tymmen u San Committee under the leadership of Rgh Skor Jala have completed the three parts of the thanksgiving ceremony. and the knia ka khriam, which is known as the Lehniam of Shi Hat Shi Taiew before the ascent of Eh Rngiew to Mount Sohpetbneng on the 4th of June
Shillong Lajong FC will face Chennai City FC on the 5th July 2018 at the JN Stadium Shillong.
When it comes to the resettlement of people, it is difficult for the people, as a Khasi people who have a relationship between the dead and the living, this relationship cannot be separated, even if The uranium mining has not yet started a conflict between the supporters and the opponents.
There are no three years in the Khasi khadar system, if there is a complaint or wrongdoing on the part of the Chief Executive Member, the 'khun ki hajar' can remove these Chief Executive Members at any time.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: KSU Umsning Circle led by its President Samla Lester Nongbet and other leaders have met and sent a letter to the Manager of SBI Umsning Branch regarding the malfunctioning of Automated Tellers. Machine (ATM).
The winner of Miss Universe India 2024 will wear the title of Miss Universe Meghalaya and will enter the Miss Universe India 2024 contest.
Principal Secretary KS Kropha, Superintendent of Police, Vivek Syiem, SK Raju were also present. and DGP Mr. PJ Hanaman.
The celebration of Independence Day 2022 to be held tomorrow morning in Shillong at Polo Ground 2 will be broadcast through cable TV and Facebook of DIPR. allow people to watch from their homes.
The funds are for the implementation of schemes for the construction of toilets in 55 schools, hand washing centers and Aganwadis in Ri Bhoi District. ) which was called for tender on 23/January/2023, 7/July/2023 and 4/June/2023, but without specifying in which newspapers these announcements were published.
Police who arrived at the scene found the two trucks on fire.
Shri Rahul Gandhi, MP promised to look into all these issues raised in the petition.
He said that the PWD has ordered the people to work to clear this road so that the people from this area will not be affected in coming and going. Shillong, Naitung 26: The Deputy Director, Higher and Technical Education (T), Meghalaya, Shillong has announced the deadline for the opening of the road tomorrow morning. The closing date for submission of applications for scholarships for Class I-X and Post Matric Scholarship for classes XI-XII for low paid students will be on 31st November .
Police have advised the public to be careful and before doing anything they should check that the website is clean and when visiting any website they should check that it is clean. sure.
Why doesn't the Government pay the salaries of these employees?
“We request the MLA of Khliehriat Constituency Bah Kyrmen Shylla who is also the Minister of State and the MLA of Sutnga-Saipung Constituency Santa Mary Shylla to inform the Government about the opposition of the people to “The infiltration of foreigners and the infiltration of foreign authorities into East Jaintia Hills is very high because there is no one to monitor and no one to control,” said Bah Blah. The state has been working independently in East Jaintia Hills because there is no support for it.
He also explained that the indigenous talents of the region can produce their own snaps only if there is strong support from the government.
Nongpoh, July 26: As part of the Free Demo-cum Coaching Camp in Judo, the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs in collaboration with the Meghalaya Judo Association (MJA) has arranged for These camps will be held in all 10 districts except East Khasi Hills, Shillong.
The Minister said that in the past 50 years, the Managing Directors have been sent to MeSEB and now to MeECL by the officers in charge and other posts. When it comes to the issues of MeECL, they have many issues but it is the responsibility of the government to help the Corporation to run. Shillong, July 18: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that a full time Managing Director will be appointed to look after MeECL. There are 41 cases of COVID-19 in the state, while 41 cases have been confirmed and admitted to hospital.
A Mahindra Max (ML06-3987) driven by Bistarding Kharsyntiew, 34, was heading from Shillong to Shillong on Saturday morning. She collided with a truck (ML 10 A 7724) driven by Bah Goldstarwell Nongbsap, 29, of Nongum village.
Shillong, July 31: The Lawei Sports and Cultural Organization, Smit together with NYK Shillong, has organized the National Road Safety Week in collaboration with Bansara Eye Care in Smti.
Thus, HIV positive patients can receive early diagnosis and treatment.
The meeting between the Chief Secretaries of the two states to discuss the border issue has been 10 times.
Even the Archaeological Department of the Central Government has recognized this place as one that should be preserved as it should be as it has the most monuments in Meghalaya.
He said that the letter issued by the MSPB, talks about the issues that the board has already submitted to the government in the year 2018-2019. that Barik point should be converted into a green space and a parking lot should be installed.
On the occasion, the chief guest launched various projects of SSA including the website of Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan, PM e-Vidya Meghalaya and others.
Shillong, June 10: U MLA of 17North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum today lodged a complaint against the police recruitment. Adelbert Nongrum lodged a complaint with the Sardar Police Station in front of the OC Kamal Thapa.
In this fight against the smugglers, the BSF chased them away but in the darkness of the night the smugglers who are Indians managed to escape from the area. Bangladesh is the country.
The 101 Area in Shillong has prepared for the 10-month celebration which will start with a three-day firearms exercise at the Polo Ground.
On the other hand, the IG of BSF explained the crime on the border with Bangladesh and during the meeting the discussion was to have understanding and cooperation between the two sides.
After this, they visited the Mawphlang Dam which supplies water to the entire city of Shillong.
They requested the government to take action against this so that schools will not be allowed to do whatever they want. SSLC results have been released, said Bah Banshai Marbaniang.
The meeting also discussed the issue of excessive HSRP and gate fees.
NESO will try its best to seek the assistance of other political parties to oppose the CAB. This is the current session of the House, but while the House is in session, what will happen to the bill is not yet clear. He asked for the support of other political parties to oppose the bill if it is brought in the Rajya Sabha.
When contacted, the SP of South West Khasi Hills District said that they have been waiting.
Although the trucks have to pass through many police stations, the surprising thing is that the coal trucks are still allowed to overload.
The clashes between the police and the militants started in the evening and the militants were defeated until this morning. The clashes lasted for about 15 minutes.
Not only in Dong Pyrkan but many parts and places within Shella Village have been damaged and in order to find out and understand the damage, the HYC feels that it is necessary to take immediate action. investigation and preparation of an accurate report so that the relevant authorities can take measures to repair and repair the damage as soon as possible.
The KSU has found that some of them do not have an EPIC Card or any other documents to prove that they are resident in India.
He said that there are five projects in the Khasi Hills and they will have to look into only one of them.
Other UDA MDCs were inside the District Council office but did not enter the House.
Shillong, November 27: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) of Mawkynrew, Mawryngkneng and Nongkrem Circle has met with the Director of School Education and Literacy of the State Government. remove the “Know The World" textbook from schools.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, today said that they will convene a meeting with the officers of the education department and the officers of the MBOSE in 5/11/2020 on this Friday to discuss the selection examination of class X students, what they should do.
He said that the Cabinet today decided to increase the price of kyiad by 15% with this increase. It will collect more than T.50 crore per annum, which means that the state will collect T.350/- crore per annum.
This is an incident that has frightened the people of this area.
Ghosh has lodged a complaint with the Assam police and the Assam police have arrested the doctor (SP News).
Regarding the influx of foreign vehicles into the state, the two organizations will meet the government to demand that the government should do the same as Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh, Darjeeling and Assam. that foreign vehicles cannot enter the tourist areas.
The Minister of Home Affairs strongly condemned the bombing of Agnes and Amita and promised to investigate thoroughly those involved in the robbery.
This is one of the activities of the Faith Foundation in relation to children in schools and in the community to teach how to protect children from violence through The students of the school performed songs and songs.
Members of FKJGP-CEC including Bah Danny Nongrum and Bah Alfred Kharumnuid, Bah Nabait Ymbon, President of FKJGP-West Jaintia Hills District and leaders of FKJGP East Jaintia District were also present. Alphrin Dkhar, Adviser, Merald Suting, President, Welking Swer, Vice President, Deihok Sumer, General Secretary and Ying Siangshai.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) Western Zone on Saturday led by Bah Lumkur Lapang as President Western Zone in the presence of members of the Central Zone visited Mawdem area. Ri Bhoi District and found that the people are facing difficulties in coming and going due to the bad condition of the road.
Regarding these issues, the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills and the Chief Executive Members of JHADC have promised to take action on these issues. can.
The crown of sovereignty and responsibility for the future of the country passed from the British to the people of the country.
Sunny Lamare, Vice President, Palatdor Shadap, General Secretary and Firstmoon Kharpamtiah, Assistant General Secretary.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: U Lyngdoh of Mawphlang Hima, Bah CA Lyngdoh today announced that the Hima has decided to open the Lawkyntang at Mawphlang and the footpath through the horse road. David Scott.
The PAC's mission in this regard is to find out the truth.
This was announced by the Head of Oncology Department of the Civil Hospital Shillong, Dr Anisha Mawlong in an interview with the media on Saturday.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Congress party will not seek permission to meet Union Home Minister Amit Shah in Shillong due to his visit to Shillong. a private individual, such as a federal minister may come to the state.
Therefore, these vehicles have been turned away along with the people to the places where they came with the understanding that they are not allowed to come without proper documents.
The decision to issue the order will be taken by the Executive Committee.
Shillong, July 19: Leaders and members of the Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association of Shillong today met with the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, U MS Rao, in his career at the Secretariat.
On this occasion, Ms. Kmoiñ Wahlang has appealed to the people of Meghalaya to pray for her so that there will be no harassment and persecution from the day she died. I will leave home to go to Australia and return in good health.
The Congress leader alleged that these people were appointed without following the recruitment policy of the state government and all those appointed are Khasi from Shillong and the surrounding area of ​​Shillong is halot. The Congress has demanded an independent investigation.
Dr. Moushumi Dey, Professor of History, Women's College, Shillong, will deliver a lecture on the topic, “Unsung Heroes of Meghalaya”.
Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has said that he firmly believes in the importance of playtime in order to educate children from an early age.
On the other hand, Bah Boldness urged the students to showcase their talents in these games, to show their dedication to their studies as the school has shown in the past years. and this shall continue in the future.
Furthermore, the union strongly condemns those involved in insulting the female members of NEHUSU and demands that the NEHU authorities should punish them immediately.
“The Central Government through the BJP Meghalaya has ordered to celebrate the three years anniversary of the NDA government across the districts to showcase the work done by the government in the past three years,” said Bah Shibun. He said that the NDA government has implemented many schemes for the development of the people in the state.
One Christmas has passed and another will come. The Government of India has not yet had time to think about the desire of the people of the State to get the ILP. The State Government which listens to the BJP leaders from Delhi is unacceptable.
Modi won the Lok Sabha elections from Varanasi constituency with about 1.5 lakh votes.
At present, this scheme cannot be implemented in other parts of the state, but MLAs through the MLA scheme can purchase buses to deliver to schools to transport school children.
The body will be taken to the Archbishop's Provincial House in Guwahati.
Furthermore, NFDC & ESG have worked with NID, Ahmedabad for the promotion and marketing of the festival venues.
On the other hand, people from other Asian countries can come to this region and study if there are enough training facilities.
They expressed their happiness that when they drive the vehicles they have received the PPEs to wear when they go to shaw or to put the workers from one place to another. health.
Shillong, March 20: The Leader of the Opposition in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynsngianlang Syiem on Tuesday said that he supports the relocation of the employees of the Shillong Municipal Board from the Metor area. which is better for their own safety.
These nine days are necessary for the police to get detailed information.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Inspector General of BSF in charge of Eastern Frontier, PK Dubey, He said that there are only three groups of wildlife groups from the North East of India that are still based in Bangladesh.
They seized 37 cattle, which were concealed in a jungle area near the bordering village of Kamarphil in East Khasi Hills, with the intention of smuggling them into Bangladesh.
Vincent H Pala will be the candidate from 1-Shillong and 2-Tura from 1-Shillong and 2-Tura. Your name is Daryl William Cheran Momin.
Even the agricultural products of the country will be severely affected as such products will enter easily through the railway line from other states,” said the Secy.
On the 2nd June, 2024, the residents of the village found the body of Bah Pynskhemlang Lyngkhoi with stab wounds on his neck, right hand and other parts of his body. The body was found near the rice field at Riatthawlong, which falls under Mawkyrwat village and is also the footpath to Marshillong village.
The handover of Bernad N Marak to the police for further investigation into the seizure of firearms during the raid on the Edenbari Resort.
This year, there are 166 pandals in the state, mostly in East Khasi Hills, 67 in Shillong and in the district. there are 92 in all.
All government departments involved in this issue have been directed to work together to close down these illegal mines, including the Forest Department, JHADC, District authorities and police. .
The value of these cows has reached 2 lakh tyngka.
On the same issue, on 2nd October 2017, the village had gone to submit the names of the farmers, but it was found that some of them had submitted the names of the farmers. According to the complaint of the Rangbah Shnong, the names given to someone are snaiap where they are not in the village.
The Vice President of India is expected to arrive in Shillong at 9.55 pm.
The demand of the BJP and other groups for an investigation into the misappropriation of billions of rupees by the GHADC has not been successful as the state government in Meghalaya is led by the same party NPP which rules in GHADC, Tura.
For example, in three ADCs in Meghalaya, the land belongs to the people while in the other nine ADCs, the land belongs to the Government.
This day is celebrated all over the world because it is on this day that the United Nations or the General Assembly of the World has decided that human rights should be protected.
“While we were talking, he said that the Khasi are against Holi, they want to create an issue on the ethnic differences between the Khasi and those from Rithor. mobile phone of the child.
They thanked the MDA Government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma as Chief Minister and Bah Gigur Myrthong MLA Mawshynrut Constituency if this will succeed in improving this road.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The residents of Chimasora and Gillagora villages in South West Khasi Hills District have wanted to know why the police of Borsora out post have lost their water pipes. They have not yet submitted their report to the Water Supply Department of the State Government.
On 24th June 1971 at 4 pm, Pakistani troops started firing to destroy the area at Kilapara-Dalu and the fighting ended at 6 pm. Comdr Kilapara and Hav Man Bahadur Rai informed the HQ of Dalu.
On the other hand, the MLA urged that they should speak in English which is understood by all.
The allegation by Bah A Basaiawmoit, MLA & MDC, that the Dorbar is the resting place of Bah John is groundless as he himself as CEM is one of the Working President and office bearers of the Dorbar. The EM in charge is also one of the office bearers of the HSPDP, and in fact all the MDCs are in their respective political parties as allowed by the Constitution. Election Commission of India.
The HYC also said that the Meghalaya State Reservation Policy has included STs and SCs under one category, while other STs and SCs have been included for 5% reservation.
HH Mohrmen, president of the society, reminded to beware of fraudulent companies which arrange for the people to give high interest and disappear after receiving the money.
The fourth part of the proposal is to amend the Land Transfer Act by not allowing non - indigenous people to buy land , to make districts one of the authorities to oversee the sale of land to non - tribals and others.
The VPP believes in clean politics.
On the other hand, Dr Mukul said that if there is any decision on the uranium issue, the government will take a decision after receiving the consensus from all parties.
He said that the income tax of foreigners working abroad from their place of residence who do not fall under the area of ​​foreigners is not new.
We have no complaints against anyone's Holi, India is a country that gives freedom of worship, there are many different ethnic groups or religions and we don't oppose anyone's celebration," he said. young Satan.
Those who wish to participate can call 8787473533, 8787643155,
These are some of the more specific rules.
On the same day, the House also passed three bills submitted by the Executive Committee without any amendments.
Shillong, November 30: Police of Mairang police station on receiving a complaint from the CSWO on the allegation that Edansing Kharbani has committed a robbery have arrested Tang. Police in Mairang, West Khasi Hills on Saturday arrested a robber who raped his 11-year-old daughter.
The residents of this area want the government to clean up this road, because during the time of Bah JD Rymbai former MLA, five kilometers from Warmawsaw to Umdohbyrtih village were cleaned up, but from Umdohbyrtih. Mawdem, Nailur 22: The Mawdem Area Football Association (MAFA) in collaboration with the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has organized a football tournament. which started on 21st November and will end on 16th November
The office is still waiting for the reply. If they get a reply, the office will set a date to call the two cases for clarification. Mylliem has not sent any letter yet.
During these years he has flown many types of bombers including Hunter, Marut, MiG-21 and he has flown these bombers for up to 3800 hours. flight instructor and has been in this field for 38 years.
New Delhi, Nailar 10: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today held a conference with the Chief Electoral Officers of the States and UTs which have already held elections and the States and UTs which will hold elections at the India International Institute. of Democracy and Election Management, New Delhi.
There are several terrorist groups who have targeted India and have caused damage to our neighboring countries.
Members and leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youths Council (HYC) on Thursday took to the streets carrying placards near the Civil Hospital, Shillong with slogans to condemn the Central Government and the Minister of Home Affairs. Amit Shah has urged the Ministry of Home Affairs to approve the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya.
Shillong, March 12: The Union of Village Authorities of Bri Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) on Tuesday said that the Central Government has taken action to discuss the letter from the Union Ministry of Home Affairs. Government of India, January 2016, has written a letter to the Principal Secretary, Governor of Meghalaya, in response to the MHA's request to the Union Ministry of Law and Justice. , which criticized the VAB Act of the KHADC and said that according to the provisions of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, the Acts to be enacted by the KHADC should include “all Schedule Tribes” in the state. The denial of the right to “other Schedule Tribes” including women and original inhabitants of the State to participate in the election of Village Authorities is unfree and unlawful.
commenting on the successful implementation of tobacco-related regulations, I said“The practical guidelines that have been introduced internationally to reduce the impact of tobacco have been effective in many countries .
There are 194 recoveries today, 71 from East Khasi Hills, 64 from West Garo Hills, 14 from West Jaintia Hills and 10 from South West Khasi Hills. Other Districts have also received treatment.
During the inspection, the union found that the office which has a proper building has turned into a shelter for animals, in connection with the two vehicles which were supposed to carry garbage inside the village. They were left unused until they were completely destroyed and no longer suitable for operation and became nightclubs for the public.
There are 59 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 34 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 10 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 15: A total of 64 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 today, of whom 51 are civilians.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has counted the CHC as dew thala without taking into account the recommendations of the union regarding the improvement of solar panels and or the installation of a generator as suggested by the CHC. organization in the past few months, he added.
The motorcycle belonged to a resident of Jhalupara and he has already lodged a complaint against the incident.
Such false news threatens the peace and order,” said the SP in a statement sent to the media.
Welcoming speech was delivered by Bah Mansturdy Nongrem who has been elected as the Head of South West Khasi Hills Branch along with five other office bearers including Bah Wallambok Syiemiong, Chief Secretary, B.Ioannis Shylla, Saiñpyniar and others. .
Shillong, November 29: BSF today seized 86 cows from two places, Tuka and Hat Thymmai in East Khasi Hills District. to T.18.7 lakh.
Regarding the assistance to the people in the areas built by the government, he said that the government has provided them with food, water and medicines according to their needs. it is just a misunderstanding regarding the outstanding 2014 bills.
Shillong, July 28: A meeting of the office bearers of the C&RD Block Mawryngkneng, which includes the leaders of 81 Village Employment Councils (VECs) and 36 Area Employment Councils (AECs) organized by the Meghalaya State, has been held. The meeting was held on 28th January 2014 at Mawryngkneng Block office to discuss the issue of MGNREGA. About 81 villages from all over Mawryngkneng area participated.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Dr.KK Paul, today inaugurated the Ialong Park in West Jaintia Hills District.
At this meeting, the Governor promised to support and try to improve the employment opportunities of the retired soldiers and the heirs in Meghalaya.
This article to say that having only two children agrees with other ethnic groups which have become more numerous, but with the ethnic group does not agree at all, the ethnic group still needs to increase in population so he urged that to be born according to the gift of the Creator.
Tellinia Thangkhiew, said that the HSPDP has opposed the MUDA boundary crossing, alleging that the boundary crossing is to expand the JNNURM scheme if the boundary of the city can be expanded. can come a lot.
However, if they want the party to show another way, he said that the HNYF speaks for the benefit of the people.
“I will soon convene a meeting of the Dorbar Shnongs starting from Shillong,” he said.
The construction of Nongsohphie School in Laitkyrhong, the road in Siangkhnai, the construction of RKMS classrooms in Laitdiengsai, the improvement of the school in Laitlum, the construction of Lam Jingshai School in Wahshong, Jongksha.
The President of the HNYF-Western Region, Bah KS Rani, said that West Khasi Hills is not a place where the government can do whatever it wants. in the west of Khasi Hill.
Speaking on the victories, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the awards do not reflect the truth as many of the awards have been lost and the players will arrange for this in time. come.
