On receiving the complaint, the Sardar police station has registered a case and the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong, Lber 14: The BSF on Monday received a tip that some people were trying to smuggle goods into Bangladesh but after a quick detection by the BSF, the smugglers fled the area. Eagle.
The rules have made it clear that there should be a public hearing and there has been opposition. All this is the support of the District Administration, said HITO. The people understand that they will oppose.
This law will take effect immediately.
The CEM said that those employees should fill up the form and take undertaking.
Shillong, Naitung 28: West Garo Hills Police have taken Bernard N Marak from Uttar Pradesh to Tura this morning. sha house judgment.
Chairman of COKHSO Robertjune Kharjahrin said that their visit to the Deputy Chief Minister was only to inquire about the work of the HLC regarding the people living in Thewiew Mawlong. .
However, on the 14th of this month, officials of the Assam government from the election department and politicians came to these villages and offered them the EPIC of Assam. The Rangbah Shnongs have demanded that the DC should take action against them.
New Delhi, November 11: The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting today sought comments on the Broadcasting Services (Regulation) Bill,
Employees Federation Sport Committee.
On the occasion of the 9th International Day of Yoga 2023, the Prime Minister led the celebrations at the UN Headquarters in 2023 with the participation of delegates from 135 countries.
Among the Union Territories, Delhi had the lowest turnout with 51.85%, Lakshadweep with 85.9%. everything.
These robbers are often linked to gangs.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: For the first time, the budget of this year will be digital which means that there will be no book to read as usual.
They came to surrender before the government in June and were first arrested at 4th MLP Bn Sophian, West Khasi Hills, but were taken to 2nd MLP Bn Goeragre in Tura.
Dr Mukul said that once the various governments have completed the implementation of all the laws, they will be sent to the civil society organizations to read them so that they can reach a common goal which is to protect the people. Dr Mukul Sangma said that the influx of foreigners into the state has increased.
When asked about this, Bah Shangpliang said that Bah DP Wahlang has already sent a letter to the General Manager of BSNL to erect the towers in Dangar. Bah Wahlang went ahead.
Other leaders also spoke at the meeting on the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India. It is the border issue between Meghalaya and Assam.
Furthermore, the Seng has received information that the management of NEIGHRIMS wants to release the results of the examination immediately although the documents of the candidates have not been verified yet. that's confused.
According to the census, Mawyngkeng Block has one village and 21 households, Mawkynrew Block has one village and 1 household, Mawphlang Block has three households. Khasi Hills District.
D will bring many benefits to the research and enrichment of the Khasi culture and language which many of us still need to know more about.
This is according to one of the United States members familiar with the discussions of these countries.
: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has said that the voters of Shella Constituency will continue to support the new candidate who will replace the incumbent MDC of Shella Constituency, Bah Teiñwell Dkhar. He has announced that he will not contest the MDC elections to the KHADC next year.
On the other hand, u Rangbah urged the relevant authorities to take action against this incident which affects the lives and livelihoods of the people.
The KSU said that if the government cannot arrest these mynder who are involved in the attack and killing of the KSU member, it shows that the government has no responsibility to bring peace. he is the owner of the land.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) will hold its General Executive Council on the 24th March 2018 at Nongpoh Durbar Hall Sajer at 1 pm.
Doctors who attended the event included Dr. Kyndiah from Swer PHC and Dr. Syiemlieh from Sohbar. He said that in the area alone, there are at least 15 people every month who come to take TB medicine. He said that some of those who get the disease have affected the brain, kidneys or kidneys. Dr. Kyndiah also urged the patients to be vigilant if they get the disease. that the jyrhoh lasts more than two days or that they find that the weight is low and that they sleep slowly at night.
Answering questions, Bah H Marbaniang CEO of MKVIB, said that the selection of beneficiaries for this scheme is based on the job that the applicants want to do. to the people through the office of the Deputy Commissioner.
The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP) on Tuesday honored Banpynshngainlang Thangkhiew who passed the Class XII Arts Examination 2023 of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (CORP) Western Zone at the fourth position in the top ten.
This ancient work is done by physical strength and with these tools, they are lyngka, mohkhiew and tyrnem weighing about 5 to 10 kilos, blackgun powder and fuse wire and ksai. .
It is through these Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) that many people have been able to access transactions, cash withdrawals, deposits, balance inquiries, passbook updates, fund transfers and others.
The system over the past 70 years has increased selfishness and increased terrorism.
It is to be recalled that the HNLC has been talking for a long time but due to the rules it has set, the peace talks have not reached their goal.
At present, the office in Shillong is responsible for five states in the North East but unfortunately there are only four employees. Staff should be provided in this office for the smooth running of the work.
Before entering the world of filmmaking, he founded a production company, Anna Films, and worked part-time with the National Film and Development Corporation Ltd (NFDC) for two years.
This is due to the fact that the border with Bangladesh has not yet been cleared.
Total number of those who have been awarded in various categories is 2103, who have passed the Ph.D.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: There are 135 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Shillong, 81 in Ri Bhoi, 41 in East Garo Hills, 21 in West Garo Hills and 4 in West Jaintia Hills. 4, East Garo Hills 2, South West Garo Hills 2, 1055 cases.
Other speakers included Ms Laloo who said that the club should also encourage the students of the school to follow the example of the founders of the club so that and they shall rise up in the midst of the border, that it may be a source of life unto them, and at the same time.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 41 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state. , and West Garo Hills 1 and West Jaintia Hills
The inspection was inaugurated by Bah Sanbor Shullai, Arts and Culture in the presence of representatives from the Mattithaw and Deiriti Department. and Mrs. WAM Booth, Director, Arts and Culture, Government of Meghalaya, including the Chief Minister, Bah Raphael Warjri.
He appealed to the youth to use their energy, aspirations and energy to shape the future of the country.
After receiving the exact date of the arrival of the Archbishop's body in Shillong, a notice has been sent to various Bishops across India. If the Archbishop of Goa, Rev Philip Neri, President of the Conference of Catholic Bishops of India, will attend, the ceremony will be led by the Archbishop of Guwahati. He is the President of the Regional Bishops' Council.
Lambokstarwell Marngar said the party has already informed the leaders about the roster system and if the leaders decide wrongly on this, the leaders will be held responsible if any problems arise that affect the roster system. you live in peace and harmony in the state.
It is important to remember that the Chiefs, Syiems, Sirdars, Lyngdohs and Himas have not signed the Instrument of Merger to date.
In his speech, Bah Toki Blah President of ICARE said that they don't oppose anyone to join any party, or to express their feelings but to have more and more curfews affects the country. the public.
Besides this film, a book will also be published to preserve the Garo culture for future generations.
On the other hand, the CEM said that for the safety and security of the people, they have to work together.
The HYC has made it clear that the UCIL has not been able to provide any explanation to ensure that it can be protected. Uranium.
Many of the drivers said that the traffic jam in Shillong is due to the overcrowding of the drivers as no one respects the rules set by the traffic police on the road.
It is to be recalled that Balajied Dkhar, including two KSU leaders, Samla Dawanbiang Shullai, Asst Finance Secretary of the KSU Central Body and Samla Rocky Shylla, Sports Secretary of the KSU Central Body, KSU Wahthapbru Unit was shot dead by the Meghalaya Police on 23rd July 2000 at Nongshiliang, Shillong while they were sitting in a house with Balajied Dkhar alias Hepkhoit. Shillong, Nailar 23: A school student has been shot dead by police on suspicion of being members of the NSCN-IM. KG at Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Shillong has been arrested by foreign authorities who have sought permission from the Principal of the school to release her. heprit you are in the middle of trouble.
During the one-day meeting, the discussion was on the issue of fighting as much as possible to produce leaves without any pesticides and KW Chyne, Secretary of the Federation praised this. The Confederation of Indian Small Tea Growers Associations (CISTA) has decided to hold such a meeting.
In a statement issued by the President of the AJYWO-CGB, Bah MH Dkhar, the AJYWO-CGB strongly warns all its members not to get involved in political activities during this election. the Legislative Assembly of the State of Meghalaya.
Lambinus Raliang, who works with Assam Don Bosco University, said that this market helps the people to understand the varieties of wild fruits and vegetables, how to use them for food and this helps to preserve the environment. .
At present, there is a rumor that two Congress MLAs will lose their tickets.
Besides the lack of 24 hour doctors in the hospital, it was also observed that the government has not provided medicines and all the necessities to the hospitals in the rural areas.
In the awareness campaign organized by the Water and Sanitation Program of the World Bank, many countries like Thailand, Indonesia, Bangladesh, Uganda, Tanzania and states like Bihar, Jharkhand, Rajasthan and Andhra Pradesh Pravin Bakshi, Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills who led the seminar.
There is a mutual exchange of information between the BSF and the BGB, not only on this drug but on all types of smuggling at the border. they often work together to stop these illegal activities.
New Delhi, Nailar 17: In times of turmoil and division, the country has been blessed to have a leader who strives for good, with vision, cooperation and leading his own people.
Five CPSEs including GAIL, IOCL, OIL, ONGC and NRL have joined hands to develop the Indradhanush Gas Grid Ltd (IGGL). The Natural Gas Pipeline Grid in the region is the North East Gas Grid (NEGG), in the states of Assam, Sikkim, Mizoram, Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh, Tripura, Nagaland and Meghalaya.
Regarding the dismissal of the employees of GVK Company, they have died and will not work anymore. Regarding the salary of the two months of strike, they have to agree with the government. but to pay both months they will not be able but the payment will be available.
The Chief of BSF in charge of Meghalaya, PK Dubey, has spoken to the Director General of Police of Meghalaya especially in Garo Hills.
It is not known whether the ongoing dorbar will bring about any measures to protect the mothers.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The Central Trade Union (CTU) today called for an office blockade across the country especially in central government departments such as banks, factories, day jobs in various central and state government departments.
Lalhunkima has taken from the stone carvings that are well known in the Champhai area and painted them on sladur jaiñ.
If there is any finding that there is anything behind the expense calculation will go to the candidate.
The purpose of setting up the area as a containment zone is to enable the health department to conduct a thorough investigation into the people who have been in contact with these people.
He also laid the foundation stone for the Integrated Hospitality and Convention Center in Tura and the Shillong Technology Park Phase-II. natural resources and rights and this wealth is manifested through the spirituality of the people.
The overloading of trucks has also put the Narpuh Sunapur and Ripnar Samasi bridges at serious risk.
The CEM of KHADC in a letter said that the government should direct the relevant authorities to stop the entry of foreign workers into Meghalaya at this time of struggle against this. Titosstarwel said in a letter to the Chief Minister that the COVID-19 pandemic has spread.
Shillong, Iaiong 17: Most of the income of the residents of Nagaland in the east of the state is from agriculture. that iew that hat.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that this Government in the last 10 years has provided 1.5 percent employment to the youth compared to previous Governments.
At present, there are no MLAs in Jaintia and Garo constituencies who are contesting the MDC election. While in Khasi Hills, there are about 7 MLAs from 29 MLA constituencies who are contesting the MDC election. to allow Bah Kimfa Marbaniang to become the leader of the Congress party.
Seamstresses were seen sewing clothes by looking at graphs on their mobile phones before applying them to the clothes they were sewing.
In the case of Meghalaya, tens of thousands of youths have returned to their home state and have lost their jobs. Many private companies have closed down or reduced their employees due to the lockdown.
It is a sad thing if such things happen from time to time.
The organization which has the responsibility for the welfare of its fellow citizens cannot sit idly by at such a time but should come forward to extend helping hands in its limited capacity.
Shillong, Iaiong 02: Three priests, Nongkhlaw, Nonglwai and Marskuin, have formed the Union of Village Authorities (SNS) in the area. .
The main purpose of the program is to provide the students with a platform where they can showcase their skills and the training they have acquired.
On the other hand, the BSF has provided assistance to patrol around the areas.
Prime Minister Duh thanked President von der Leyenna for her support and spoke of the strong relationship between the EU and India because of the common traditional beliefs between them. that this year marks the 20th anniversary of the partnership between India and the EU and reaffirmed his commitment to work to further strengthen this partnership for the better. of the world.
The longest discussion has been on the number of Rangbah Shnongs, that in one village there are two Rangbah Shnongs, one Rangbah Shnong elected by the people and the other Rangbah Shnong. The Council shall not be appointed to pay the salary.
Three people lost their lives in Williamnagar and four in Tura during the protest against the MBOSE office in Tura.
The BSF personnel provide services for the country.
The training is to enable the youth to stand on their own feet and get jobs even if it is not a government job, said PK Dubey, Inspector General, BSF, Meghalaya Frontier.
Although this health center is only a P.H.C., but its services have been better than the C.H.C.because there are cases where even those who come to take medicine including the Longkmie Longkpa have to help. However, the Doctors and Nurses are not allowed to look after the needs due to the shortage of staff.
He said that the party will hold a meeting with the Acting Syiem of Nongspung Hima to discuss and discuss the issue of the Assam Government's border crossing into the state.
The benefits of apprenticeships to employers should come from additional productivity capacity, and reduced recruitment costs.
Those who come here without proper documents are often those who have the intention to rob, steal and also to rob the villagers by working and also in the trade.
Police have registered a case under Section 120B/506 of the Indian Penal Code and Sections 10/13/17/18 of the Prevention Act. “The people are requested not to get involved in the illegal demands of money by the HNLC and to inform the HNLC immediately. “If you have any questions, please contact the police,” said the SP of Ribhoi.
He said that according to their understanding, when they reached this place, they found that perhaps the coal mining inside the crematorium is too much for the Litein River. you water from this bag.
This increases blood glucose (sugar) and causes damage to many organs, especially the organs and blood.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to hold the Monolith Festival on the 25th and 26th of November at Lawkyntang Mawphlang. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Speaker of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) Denang T Sangma on Tuesday said that he has adjourned the session of the House due to the disturbances of the MDCs inside the House.
“First of all, we thank God who has been with the team, as well as the relatives and the people who have encouraged and especially the spirit of hard work and dedication of these four leaders. India to invite other candidates from other countries.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The counting of votes for the ninth and final phase of the Lok Sabha General Elections 2019 will be held tomorrow morning in nine states and Union Territories across India in 59 constituencies. that constituency.
However, the need for staff in hospitals and health centers is very high such as doctors, nurses, to do this the state needs a Medical College to start in this state and as the beginning of the need The amount of money will be T.160 crore.
He also stressed on the need for the beneficiaries of the schemes to link with Aadhar in order to get all the benefits of the schemes.
He said that during the meeting with the DC today, the union wanted to inspect these 12 Chakki Mills to find out the truth, but the district authorities have not been able to do so. The union has decided to investigate by itself tomorrow to find out the truth.
In the morning, the Syiem of Raid Marngar, Paiem Richard Syiem together with the Longsan chiefs, poured water from this pond and thanked them by sacrificing cows so that the children of thousands would be saved. the danger of injury when they went down to the pond to catch fish.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Catholic Church in the month of June to honor the Mother of God, Maria Thesoti, Parish Pynthorumkhrah has held a procession of Mary in which the faithful took part. worship.
He also urged the States to provide regular reports to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government by showing the progress of investment in schemes to improve the quality of health services. .
Lambor said that Adelbert is still a member of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) on the statement of Prestone Tynsong Symbut, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, regarding the MLA of North Shillong. Shillong, July 24: Prestone Tynsong Symbut, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that this is his personal opinion and not from the MDA. He said that according to the estimates received so far, 17,000 foreign workers have left the state.
Regarding Conrad's request, the PMO office has sent a letter to the Tura MP to convene the meeting on November
Shillong, Jymmang 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and Symbut of Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong today met with Union Home Minister Amit Shah.
The three constituencies which have not been invited to the committee are Ri Bhoi East including Umroi Constituency, Ri Bhoi West including Jirang Constituency and Ri Bhoi East including Mawhati Constituency and Ri Bhoi East including Mawhati Constituency. The Silver Jubilee was celebrated only in Umsning and Nongpoh.
The party, as usual, will take strong measures to prevent the authorities from invading the villages within the border of Bri U Hynniewtrep especially at this time when the NRC has been launched. in Assam.
He said that this policy has two objectives, one is to provide employment to the youth of the state and the other is to encourage entrepreneurs in the state.
The Legal Notice also states that the unfounded statement has caused great pain to Lalremsanga, his family and his activities abroad and this statement has affected the Mizo community. in front of the world and said that Lalremsanga has said that these allegations were made for political gain.
Look, once they win, no doubt the MLAs and the party that wins will not count people anymore or will not care about their own supporters but without doubt they will convince and encourage the supporters to join the party. they didn't get a government.
The party warns that such incidents should not happen again.
The program was attended by students, teachers and staff of the school.
However, in fact, it is those people who come from outside the state who come to aid in the mushlia and not to judge the state government on the issue of metor.
On the part of the ruling coalition government, the NPP, UDP, HSPDP and PDF have nominated Dr Donkupar Roy as president of the UDP. The HSPDP has included Samlin Malngiang and Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar.
In his speech, he said that all the CRPF personnel have already distributed 100% Tika and are now providing assistance to the people in their four villages.
When asked about the Lyntirel project in the state, Guatam said the Congress will do the best by consulting with all the parties. The people and the party leaders from this state cannot know better.
“We urge the office to arrange for this by issuing advertisements and calling for interviews so that the youth can get the opportunity to compete for the interview”.
The progress in solar and wind power generation capacity has strengthened India's position as a leader in the adoption of renewable energy.
As it is, it cannot be that it has been done, but there will always be problems.
The steps taken today to bring about change will guarantee a successful future.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: Three candidates have filed their nomination papers for the MDC election to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Osliwel Lyngdoh Nonglait of the INC and Rebeca Kharimuja as an independent candidate.
The Nongmensong Youth Development Organization (NYDO) has expressed its deep sorrow over the complaint filed by the Magistrate against the Nongmynsong Dorbar Shnong under Section 107 CrPC. The Dorbar Shnong's responsibility is to curb evil.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has directed the members of the Coordination and Welfare Committee (CWC) Shella Bholaganj and Adjoining Areas to come forward and not to spread rumors in front of the Government and the world through the media. .
In this regard, the candidates have sent a letter to the Controller of NEET through the Center and a copy has been sent to the Minister of Education of the State Government for his attention.
The State Government is following up with the Central Government.
On the part of the CEM, he has been in charge of the Finance, Land, Forest and General Administration, Appointment, Posting and Transfer and other portfolios which have not been given to other EMs. Teinwell Dkhar, Chief Executive Member of the United Democratic Party (UDP), has been appointed as the Minister of Development, Planning and Arts and Culture.
Shillong, July 05: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the number of political parties in the National Party category: the Aam Aadmi Party, the Bahujan Samaj Party, the Bharatiya Janata Party and the Communist Party. of India (Marxist), Indian National Congress and National People's Party.
When asked whether the party has decided to give ticket to BJP Spokesperson Himalaya Shangpliang, who is also a former MLA from Mawsynram Constituency, who has decided to join the NPP soon, Dr. Kharlukhi said. “We will see first, I have just seen that, (that he will join the NPP) only in the media and if the work is done, we will take a decision.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner said that as of now, the water level has dropped and the people in the shelters set up by the government have started to return to their villages.
Titan also has these different types of eyes.
He added that the EC will take action against illegal trade within the Council's jurisdiction.
It is something that the people cannot accept the independence of the state because the state has been in existence for 47 years, but the problem faced by the state is the inability to resolve the border issue. Assam, the Government should have re-elected to accept the acceptance of the border with Assam.
Shillong, Iaiong 22: One person has been tested positive for COVID-19 in Ri Bhoi District today, bringing the total number of cases to .
The JAC also warned the coal and Mawshun trucks not to violate the order of the Supreme Court by overloading from now on.
Shillong, Lber 11: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, in reply to a question by Adelbert Nongrum, said that if the light bill is paid online, MePDCL will pay the electricity bill online. you have to pay Gateway Payment.
In fact, even if we are no longer under foreign rule, the government should have allocated and recognized such training institutions which have served the region and the state for decades. India and Meghalaya have passed new laws.
In one of the episodes of MKB, the Prime Minister urged the tourists to visit the North East which he said has many tourism opportunities.
The heroin was seized from a young woman identified as Veineithem Hookip, 25 years old.
In Meghalaya, there are 10 candidates, nine from the party, two from the Congress, two from the NPP, one from the TMC, one from the UDP and one from the NPP and three independent candidates, two from 1-Shillong (ST). Parliamentary Constituency and 1 of the 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituencies.
Police said that these two persons were arrested at Dawki PCP before they entered Bangladesh. When questioned, they confessed that their intention was to enter Bangladesh. He said that the meeting with the top leaders of the HNLC in Sylhet is scheduled to be held today.
: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Tuesday started collecting the views of the people of the state on the party's manifesto for the Lok Sabha elections. you will not be able to do it.
On the other hand, the district authorities have warned that if anyone is found to pollute the water wells, they will be punished according to the law.
When the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council was established in 1952, Block I and Block II were not brought within its boundary.
Shillong, Lber 03: The North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) on Tuesday announced that it has won the title of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) Turko Competition held in Delhi. Euvelin Suchiang and Toniho S. Kharsati from the Department of Law.
National University of Electro Complex Homeopathy, Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh.18.
On the other hand, the office of the CEO has promised that the office will inform the public before the power outage especially if it is not for many days.
The Minister said the schemes have worked well in Meghalaya.
On the part of the Nokmas, President Skylance G Momin and Village Leaders of 20 villages of Rongram Block were present on the occasion.
“The protest of the SRS-EJH, AJYWO-CB, KSU-JHDU, HNYF-EJZ, FKJGP-KC is well founded because this is an issue for the welfare of the people not only of the East. Jaintia Hills but in the North East of India.
the inability to resolve the problems of the result (D.El.
Bah Sumer urged the Nongsynshar and especially Bah John F Kharshiing, to think that the time has come to convene the Dorbar Ri where we can express the issues of the jaidbynriew.
The award ceremony will be held at AL Hek who will be the chief guest.
On the same day, sleeping bags were also distributed to the women from different villages.
Shillong, Lber 18: The Mawlong Market is the center of trade in Ri Khasi Jaintia under the jurisdiction of three authorities, the Hima Mylliem, the Shillong Municipal Board and the Cantonment. morning at the scene.
He added that the government cannot just wave its hand, because other states have prepared for CUET, but for many years why the government in this state has not been able to provide for the comfort of the youth.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: There are 850 cases of COVID-19 in the state, of which 104 cases have been admitted to hospitals, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today said. East Khasi Hills 90, Eastern West Khasi Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 1, South Garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills 5, West Jaintia Hills 6 cases.
The current EC has introduced strict laws in this regard.
Regarding this request, the Election Commission has given permission only in the states where elections are held, which should not be announced publicly.
The Bansara Eye Care Center in collaboration with the Society for the Promotion of Eye Care and Sight (SPECS) and World Diabetic.
The Chief Secretary said that the purpose of the government to open districts is to bring Khaddar administration closer to the people to make it easier for the people to participate in development works and various schemes. different government.
Speaking at the public meeting, the Chief Minister expressed his pleasure to open this health center to help the people of the area and the state as a whole.
He first invented plastics called Parkesine.
Bah Donboklang also expressed his surprise that these children have been raised and cared for by the Pastor without any assistance from the government, and have been supported only by his brothers and sisters and friends. the spirit of help is in the Pastor.
There are 30,000 pp and 20,000 will arrive tonight.
Office bearers of JSU Jowai Circle in collaboration with JSU Sengkmie today visited Iawmusiang, Jowai after receiving information about the robbery of jhur and soh vendors. The police have arrested those who sell jhur and soh in Iawmusiang.
At this meeting, it was explained that the patients who need to undergo many treatments have been sent to Shillong because the hospital does not have these equipment.
Shillong, Naiweng 29: Four members of the KSU Lawsontun have been arrested by the KSU Lawsontun. shops in Bishnapur.
The training was conducted under the Chief Minister Youth Development Scheme (CMYDS) 2016-17 with the support of the Office of the Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills.
Every time we have to pass through these Police Outposts we are forced to pay a high price even though it is the money we have to spend to buy food on the way.
The Information Technology competition was conducted by PV Ramesh, Retd IAS, Chairperson, Awards Committee, CIPS. Participants were Mukesh Repaswal, IT Director, Shimla, HP; u Krishna Kumar Deputy Commissioner, Jiribam, Manipur; Isaac Zothanpouia, PM, Mizoram State e-Governance Society, Mizoram and Manabend Anil Goswami, Director, IT, Scientist E, NIC, Government of Assam.
Speaking to reporters, HYC President Robertjune said that during the meeting with the Director, Pasi admitted that the Infiltration Department still has many shortcomings, especially the person because they were employed by the same police of the District.
New Delhi, June 2: The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has closely monitored the situation in the states in terms of peace and order in the country due to the curfew in the country. The whole country.
As a coalition party within the MDA Government, the BJP Meghalaya State Unit is ready to work with all like-minded parties for the development of the state in all aspects.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister said that he will do his utmost to meet with the people at any time.
To date, there is no clear law to recognize us as Khasi, Jaintia and Garo but we have been included under the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution Schedule Tribes Order There is the same right in Khasi Jaintia and Garo Hills.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has announced 28 candidates for the 2018 Legislative Assembly elections. Wing Mawkyrwat Circle who is also a member of the UDP State Youth Wing congratulated all the candidates who have already announced that they will win a glorious victory through the support of the people.
He urged the students not only those who have received awards but others to be motivated and goal oriented.
There have been many kinds of knowledge in their own fields of knowledge which no one has understood to value what is right and what is wrong.
New Delhi, July 16: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi today launched the nationwide COVID-19 vaccination program through video conferencing.
Therefore, the people who live without the country are also the ones who will die.
On the other hand, MLA Martin M Dango, Leader, expressed his satisfaction that the government has allowed Ranikor to get an Administrative Unit only after five years ago. He expressed the hope that the Government will soon consider setting up a Civil Sub-Division in this area.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Birbol Riangtem, leader of the contract teachers, said that the strike has reached three days but the government has not said anything about them. The teachers have decided to continue the strike.
The total number of candidates who have filed nominations has reached
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar praised the Shnong Laitkor for its efforts to prevent the entry and exit of foreigners into the village.
The Thiar Lyngwiar Dpei Society also held a memorial service for two great writers of the Khasi people, Pahep Rabon Singh Kharsuka. Prof. Radhon Singh Berry gave a speech.
Commenting on the fact that the MPs who have led the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency have not been able to implement even a single demand from the Government of India, Bah Kharjahrin said, “We must find ways and means. how to force the Government of India to grant us those demands.
Many of those who walked and stood at this place just watched and some said that those who are big are blind to the law and those who are small are beaten.
Sports-related facilities are very important.
Dkhar said that even the Supreme Court of India has already decided that the implementation of the NPR should not be made mandatory. and that the Government should not deprive a citizen of India of the benefits to which he or she is entitled simply because he or she does not have a name in the NPR. NPR or Aadhar Number.
“Participating in the exercise and understanding the fighting style of the troops in the jungle is successful.
The Police Department has recently announced the vacancy of 2938 posts in the Police Department.
He said that the barrier to peace talks is still there but it will depend on the state government whether it wants or not.
Healthcare is non-existent, traffic congestion is terrible," he said.
Shillong, July 05: Regarding the robbery of two persons from Lamin village in Lat Darang, police have said that the perpetrators are Bangladeshis.
Hubert Paliar, one of the participants in the arm wrestling tournament, expressed his gratitude to all the supporters who organized the tournament. to represent India in the tournament.
Bah Nongsiej, who was tied by these men, was injured.
“To find out the truth, the union will not sit idly by, and will conduct an inspection today to find out the owners of these 12 Chakki Mills, so that the union will also get “We have received detailed information on the location and location of these Chakki Mills,” said Bah Malai.
He has traveled to different parts of the state and the country to showcase his talent as a musician and instrument maker and also as a promoter of traditional music and dance of the Khasi.
After investigation, the union revealed that the smugglers were planning to smuggle into the Jaintia Hills.
If this is the case, we will withdraw from the talks,” said Bah Nongtraw.
Not only that, this has led to an increase in wages even in the private sector.
Instead of 1st October 2018, the opening day of schools has been postponed to 6th October
The Seng also urges the employees from doctors to staff to take action.
This social agreement is a sign of the cooperation between the Central Government and the State Governments and will pave the way for the resolution of other border disputes between other States.
The meeting was conducted by the Organizing Secretary, Justine Kahit. Education Secretary, Steven Khyriem, General Secretary, Genius Lipon, welcomed the guests. The meeting was opened by the Publicity Secretary CEC. Speeches were also delivered by the President of Umlari Unit Ma Hunmon Huwa. to fight for the Hynniewtrep people.
HYC, CEC Shillong, Jymmang 23: Bah Vincent H Pala has won the MP election from Meghalaya today. The Congress defeated Dr Jemino Mawthoh of the UDP by 1.5 lakh votes.
Priyambada Blah, Vice President of ST Morcha and Eunesscy Khyriem, Gen.
The swearing in ceremony of the office bearers of HYC Diengïei Circle was attended by the Leaders of HYC Sengkmie, Samla Rhembor G Saibon Vice-President, Samla Issac Basaiawmoit. and other party leaders.
He said that the bridge has been standing for 20 years and once completed it will be of great benefit to the people of the area.
One of the BSF personnel, Ct/GD Ranjit Yadev of 163-Battalion, was seriously injured in the clash and was taken to Jivan Hospital in Kakching where he was pronounced dead. .
On the other hand, the role of the Court is to judge and apply the law and not to grant amnesty.
“To strengthen the trade of the indigenous people, especially in the border areas as well as the old markets on the border,” demanded the party. Dorbar Shnong should no longer issue NoCs to foreigners who trade in West Khasi Hills and also to enter the markets.
Tens of thousands of people from all over Meghalaya have come to listen to the Prime Minister of the country.
She has also sent a letter of rejection to the Secretary and Chairman of KHADC, as well as to him as CEM, said Bah Latiplang.
Shillong, Nailar 06: The Non-Gazetted Employees Association of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GAEA) has submitted a petition to the CEM Bostone R Marak demanding that the government of Meghalaya should pay the salaries of the employees this month.
“Therefore, Dr Mukul Sangma's allegation is a misleading attempt to mislead the people and political change,” said Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, State President BJYM Meghalaya in a statement today.
The deadline for submission of nomination papers is on or before the 25th of this month.
The citizens of India have condemned this incident and the brutality, as it is impossible to listen to this incident and this will not happen without the support of the people in power and such as these things should not happen in this beloved country.
After testing, the powder was found to be heroin and all the powder was heroin worth about T.18 lakh.
On the other hand, the UDP welcomes the decision of the central government to exempt the students of the state from the examination.
In this protest, these teachers who came from all over the Khasi Hills today near the Additional Secretariat to hold a protest, wrote slogans against the NIOS, one of the slogans reads NIOS is not a place to learn but a place to disenfranchise teachers.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: Police of East Jaintia Hills District today seized two buses suspected to be carrying drug traffickers from Silchar.
Shillong, K.
Shillong, March 20: Two children from Smit East Khasi District, Lamphrang Kharsahnoh and Pynnehbor Mylliemngap, have brought fame and glory to the country and the state of Meghalaya and also to India by winning the title. He won the gold medal in the Jeet-kune-do Championship held in Sri Lanka from 14 to 16 October
The festival is organized by the Tura Arts & Culture Society and has received financial assistance from the Department of Arts & Culture, the State Government and the relevant authorities. Visit the world.
He said that the party will meet with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills to discuss the issue.
On the other hand, the AEE said that the reason for the closure of this road is to expedite the repair of this road for the safety of the people in these days so that it will not affect the road. the movement of the people.
There have been 2 deaths from Ri Bhoi, 1 from West Khasi Hills and 1 from Ri Bhoi District. one of them was 1391 people.
After the rods were thrown outside the venue and after the throwing of the rods, the village ended with a football game with a ball. from the tree.
Shillong, Nailur 07: Speaking as the chief guest at the dorbar of the Hima Mylliem held at Madan Polo, the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, said, “Don't be afraid to say I will not destroy the nation.
Those who have tested positive so far are 25263, 24597 negative, 320 pending results, 21977 who have returned to the state so far.
In the next few years, we will be a fully literate society.
Shillong, Nailur 2: The All Party Meeting convened by the government today morning was postponed at the request of the United Democratic Party (UDP). Mukul Sangma and the meeting is scheduled to be held on the 5th of this month.
Regarding the demand for the removal of the illegal registration of the HNLC, Prestone said that this is only the first meeting of the HNLC with the Government. I have removed myself from this conversation.
It is expected that this amendment will provide mechanisms in the laws to attract FDI and mining companies to the country.
He said the hockey team has done well in the Asian Games and this will help in the upcoming tournaments.
The case of COVID-19 in Laitumkhrah has not shown any symptoms but when tested positive for COVID-19 Omicron, the case of Omicron in Laitumkhrah has been positive. and there is no light.
The meeting was held in July this year at the Synod College for an International Seminar.
Bah Shangpliang said that he will soon launch a program called “Meet the People” or “Meet the People” to inform the public about the scheme kiba don.
In his speech, the Chief Secretary of the State, KS Kropha IAS, said that this method of working should be stopped but they should look at what concerns the people and the relationship. among political leaders and according to the laws that officers have to pass.
The Seng said that according to the EIA 2006, the Coke factory should have produced only 25,000 metric tonnes of coke per annum but it has produced not less than 36,000 metric tonnes per annum.
Dr Ampareen said there is also a misunderstanding that the Government has not done anything for the ASHAs and said, “My duty is to inform the public that this is not true.
If Conrad Sangma cannot do anything, it means that he is just a political clown who is trying to deceive the BJP government in Delhi.
To see the leaders who understand, the party demands that the Election Commission should set the education level and the HSPDP has said that the candidate for the MLA election should be You must have passed class XII. (SP News).
Shillong, Nailar 08: The MLA of Umroi Constituency, Bah Ngaitlang Dhar, on Tuesday said that he has allocated a scheme of T.3.45 lakh to Banrilang Pyngrope in connection with the project. The year 2013-2014 was completed.
The ABVP is strictly a student organization.
to reduce the number of registers.
The Minister said that government land cannot be given to private individuals and the government will also take over the land which does not belong to the government. to the house of the dulan.
John F Kharshiing, General Secretary, MPCC, said that the Congress wind is blowing all over India and there is no doubt that the Congress will come back to power in India and what will happen in Meghalaya everyone knows.
Earlier, Anup Pandey resigned as Election Commissioner in June and now the three-member committee of the Election Commission of India has only Chief Election Commissioner Rajiv Kumar.
Shillong, Nailar 06: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum today inaugurated two roads in Lumkshaid village which have been implemented under the Special Assistance Scheme of KHADC in the presence of officials of the Dorbar Shnong.
The meeting underscored the actions taken by various responders including SDMA, SDRF, Deputy Commissioners, the three line departments, the MeECL.These agencies have been instrumental in the relief process, providing timely assistance to those affected and working tirelessly to restore normalcy in the disaster -striken areas.
Regarding the construction of the Shillong-Dawki four lane road, Bah Disparsing Rani said that according to the RTI reply received from the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways of the Government of India, the project has been approved. M/s PCC Go Tech Pvt Ltd has been awarded the contract for the construction of the road from Umshyrpi to Umdiengpung.
“The government's failure to issue a license from the relevant department shows its lack of responsibility or concern for the life and death of our Khasi Pnar people.
With the priests who came hundreds.
However, for those posts which cannot be filled either by Khasi-Jaintia or Garo, an advertisement should be called and a new examination should be conducted following the rules of the new Reservation Policy of 50:4 .
He said that to strengthen the HSPDP under the leadership of Bah KP Pangniang is very difficult and it is on this basis that he and his colleagues have decided to leave the HSPDP. The leaders who have left the HSPDP are Sequacious Pakma, Vice President Youth Wing and Convenor Jaintia Hills, Helvi Stone Nongbri, Vice President Youth Wing, Balumlang Nongbri and General Secretary Umsning Circle, Winson Lyngdoh Nonglait. Ribok Kharpran Vice President Youth Wing Umsning Circle, David Stone Syngkli Syngkli General Secretary Umsning Circle Dishon Sun, Aiborlang Synnah, March Born Nongbri, Bah SP Nongbet Adiverser Umsning Circle and Hill State Volunteer, Megaland Swer Adviser Sohiong Circle, Janborning Mawlong Adviser Sohiong Circle, Ribanshai Kharbuli Secretary Sohiong Circle and Camio Kharbuki Member of Sohiong Circle.
One case has been confirmed from East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of recoveries to 92,201 so far.
Players get to play up to 16 holes a day over the four days on the tougher but otherwise beautiful course.
Answering questions, he said he does not want to mention anyone because he has not been an MLA in these years, but what is important is that for the benefit of the state, we should work together. This is to ensure that the CAU should not be located in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Government's refusal to change the name of Cherrapunjee to Sohra is like a struggle to encourage not only the people of Sohra but all the residents of Hynniewtrep to ri. and love that source.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr Streamlet Dkhar said that NEHU has approved the Khatsawphra College which was inaugurated by the Pro Vice Chancellor today. The University has granted temporary recognition for three years and during these three years the college has to meet all the requirements related to NEHU and UGC before granting the recognition. complete.
Bah Lambok Thabah is from Umniuh Tmar. He started his career as a journalist with Rupang after a few years. I will soon pass away from this earth.
Hek said the Incubation Center will help meet the needs of the youth of the state and surrounding areas.
Police have registered a case against them under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
They knew each other well and were friends.
Shillong, March 10: The House today discussed the resolution of Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit on the issue of Inner Line Permit (ILP).
According to Dr. Sanjiv Marwah, Director, Era Business School (EBS), the GD/PI sessions are one of the sessions that can give advice to the students. During the admission session, there will be various discussions, counseling and others.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to urge the state government to revoke the 2015 notice, which directed that there is no need to obtain trading licenses from the district councils.
Meanwhile, Sohiong Circle today distributed food items to the poor families in Laitnongkseh, Tiehbah.
Many times, young people who have the skills to teach don't have the skills to look for other jobs because they are afraid of finding a job.
Terming the bill as future ready, Shri Rajeev Chandrasekhar said, “The new law should evolve through rules that can be updated and address the tenets of Digital India and designed on a principles & rule-based approach’ to regulation.
The President of the UDP said that he is confident that these candidates who have announced their victory and there are places where there are MLAs are still talking and waiting if they want to contest from the party. to resign from the post of MLA and before Christmas they can announce all the candidates.
The arrest of these persons was made on the complaint of Nikhil T. Sangma, Secretary of the cemetery.
According to sources, a man entered the shop and poured petrol on it and set it on fire.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The Union of Rangbah Kur Ka Bri-Hynniewtrep has expressed its deep sorrow to see that seven people have lost their lives at the hands of the Assam police in the shooting of civilians. At Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills District on 22/11/2022, the Union strongly condemns those involved in the shooting of civilians.
The Government should introduce so that all three hill tribes in the state can participate in this anthem and should not introduce it in foreign languages.
The deceased junior engineer was identified as L Marak and the other injured were workers on the construction of the bridge.
The residents who go to Mawkyrwat when they land at this place have to go to the forest to complete their work because there is no public toilet in this place and this lack of public toilet makes it difficult. he saw the bag.
The last letter received from the Central Government was dated 12th June 2023 stating that no proposal has been made to operate the Baljek Airport in West Garo Hills District.
In every election voters have only one choice.
Rinaldo K Sagma has urged the DC of North Garo Hills District to give priority to the people of the district when they are able to do the job. They are not from the District.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: With the same vision of becoming one India and a prosperous country, the Central Government has taken this step, with the aim of bringing closer the people of the states. and Union Territories held a traditional dance at Raj Bhavan Shillong to mark the independence of Arunachal Pradesh and Mizoram.
PETA has lodged a complaint with the district authorities in West Garo Hills against Sengbud Sangma. The Superintendent of Police has arrested Sengkud.
Is this an ILP demand?
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Chiefs of Khasi Hills today met with the CEM of KHADC to submit a petition against the establishment of the Village Development Council. Bill, 2013.
The discussion also focused on the salaries of SSA and Adhock teachers. The opposition saw that the government has not taken responsibility for their problems. they have not done what they promised during the elections.
Furthermore, the union also condemns the corruption and bias of the government of the district because how can some C&RD Block be upgraded directly to Civil Sub Division but Ranikor Block has to go through the Administrative Unit.
The District Council has been in office for 64 years (1952-2016).
: The President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Bah Sadon Blah on Tuesday said that if the police investigation finds that Bah Tarson has nothing to do with the IED bomb blast in Iewmawlong on Saturday night, Last month, the party will not listen to this issue.
He said that the department in charge of the employees should be vigilant not to allow the union groups to visit and if the government department is vigilant it will avoid many unpleasant incidents.
They also urged the DGP not to appoint women police officers to investigate these cases and the police officers who are special for women should not be transferred while the Sengbit .
“We have developed a Youth Policy to empower the youth and the Government has taken steps to develop about 2000 Lower and Upper Primary Schools.
Member Secretary of the Board, Co-Chairman, Vice Chairman, Deputy Chairman and officers of the Board were present on the occasion.
Shillong, Naitung 04: As part of the efforts to preserve and promote the talents of Khasi music lovers in the state, the Jingkieng Ksiar Fan Club (JKFC) has been established. today, May 5th.
He said the administration has chosen to adopt the lowest price keeping in mind the affordability of the people of the North East.
Langsning's beat Pyndem Umbri 8-0 while Rangdajied beat Shilliang Umdoh 6-3
Shillong, November 07: The Central Election Committee (CEC) of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) today held a meeting at the party headquarters in Nongrim Hills. The names of the candidates for the MLA Election 2018 from 8 constituencies.
Such VSAT centers will be opened in 599 villages as part of Ph-II of the ongoing BharatNet project.
From the back, there are parts that can climb to the top only by those who can climb slowly.
The meeting also decided that all the voluntary groups including the Syiems, Dolloi, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Wahadars, Dur Dorbars, Shnong Dorbars, Raid Dorbars and Hima Dorbars should take responsibility to ensure that that there shall be no weakening of the protections but to build and strengthen the existing powers.
Speaking to media, Bah Finely Pariat (General Sec.ka MSOA) said that this competition is for men and women who have reached the age of 16 years and above, where the category includes all, the Open and also for those 50 years and above.
One of the issues is that action should be taken to clear the border of the state with Bangladesh and the international border, as well as to restore the land that has been confiscated in that soldier.
Recently, the BSF said that the state police will know better about the jihadists. There is cooperation between the police and the BSF to exchange information.
The new office bearers of KSU Sahsniang Unit were sworn in by Samla Rueben Najiar, Asst Education Secretary, KSU Sahsniang Unit. Shaniah Shkem Dkhar, Justice Paul Lyngdoh, Balawan Suchiang, Dannywanki Lyngdoh and J Lathong.
The two-day meeting started on Saturday and ended on Sunday.
Therefore, the Deputy Chief Minister has not been able to read these Rules properly, and it is unfortunate that he has taken this matter to the Cabinet on that basis, because if the Cabinet also accepts it, The decision to rely on this statement of the Hon'ble Dy.CM will be a great shame to the ignorance of the law of the State Government.
At present, there are job opportunities in Germany, UK, China, Japan, Australia and other countries. The government will encourage the teaching of other languages ​​so that young people can get jobs. to the world.
In this regard, the Department of Agriculture has visited the village and taken the samples and sent them to the North Eastern Regional Disease Diagnostic Laboratory (NERDDL) Guwahati. from this observation post in Assam.
Shillong, November 07: A group of civil society organizations from the Khasi Hills under the banner of the Confederation of Hynniewtrep Social Organization (COHSO) today held a march carrying placards to express their opposition to the proposal. The Central Government to introduce the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill
All lending institutions, including NBFCs/MFIs and DPAs, have worked together with the aim of reducing poverty in urban India.
Recently, the Chief Minister of the MUA-II government has directed the Deputy Commissioners (DCs) of West and South West Khasi Hills to find land to set up camps for the members of the armed groups. , the ANVC-B into the Bri of Hynniewtrep-Hynniew.
He said that many people do not know about the schemes of the Government.
According to him, the Central Government has assisted all the states whether it is in the construction of classrooms in various colleges, whether it is in providing training and others.
The college will have one G+3 College building, one men's hostel, one women's hostel, staff quarter, principal's quarter, equipment, furniture, books and others.
He said that for now they will start at the wai house in Mawlai and once the houses in Tynring are completed they will move to the place where they have already bought.
On the other hand, the JSU has announced that during these three nights during the curfew, only ambulance vehicles and journalists will be allowed to pass through. .
Police are still searching for the prisoner who escaped from the custody of the police.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: A girl child was abducted from the ITI in Rynjah on the 7th of this month.
On the other hand, the DC said that there will soon be a meeting between the two District Administrators including the DCs and SPs between West Jaintia and West Karbi Anglong.
The National Police Memorial was built on a site at Chanakyapuri and covers an area of ​​6.12 acres on the upper part of Shanti Path.
Sookilo was also forcibly turned into a village without inhabitants.
To improve the supply of electricity, the Government has implemented measures such as the Restructured Distribution Sector Scheme (RDSS).
In an interview with the Deputy Commissioner Samla Moonkingstar L Paliar, the union said that he and his members have visited these places twice this month alone. and the uranium storage tank has begun to deteriorate and will soon collapse if not repaired immediately.
The union demands that any officers involved in the construction of this irrigation dam should be arrested and punished for not building this irrigation dam properly. how many master rolls have been appointed to look after this area.
“We see this research as a legacy of knowledge that will benefit future generations.
There is 1 new case in Ri Bhoi District today, bringing the total number of recoveries to 92213. The number of people who have tested positive for COVID-19 since the beginning has risen to after.
Ms Warshong said the purpose of the celebration is to raise awareness among the public on the rights and welfare of people with disabilities as enshrined in the Rights of Persons. With Disabilities Act, 2016 in which this Act clearly states the inclusion of persons with disabilities in society.
The Army not only provides security on the border but has also done many things to help the people on the border to improve their income, such as in Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills and employment training for the youth.
Jowai, Jymmang 03: Two villages including Jalyiah and Khliehmyntriang have decided to nominate Harvis Phawa as an independent candidate from Muthlong Sohkymphor constituency for the upcoming MDC elections to the JHADC. long February 24,
" He added that the larger goal is to mobilize the citizens of the state to keep the cities and towns clean.
The ceremony was held at the Indoor Community Hall of Khliehshnong, Malki at 2 pm.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that he hopes that by using this method, the problems of those who cannot be solved, even if it is only between 20%, will be a great help. great to solve problems where many times do or will get problems.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Meghalaya High Court has urged the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to close down shops owned by Khasi who have been taken over by foreigners. don’t have a Trading Licence.
This dorbar is to fulfill the procedure as laid down in the Constitution of India.
The Chief Minister also inaugurated the Perunthalaivar Kamarajar Manimandapam – an auditorium with a theatre, built by the Puducherry government at a cost of Rs 23 crore.
The FKJGP in this statement said that the government should not delay in revealing all the facts and that the government should not claim that the report is “highly confidential” but should to inform the public when it is hot and bright so that the people will not remain in darkness.
This is the first step and the union will go to other hospitals to try as much as possible.
The Seng congratulates the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare for keeping their promise to the Seng and the people of the area which was also published in the media in July. This year and they have also been able to complete the opening ceremony of this PHC this time.
In the last elections, the BJP has always contested (elections) alone," he said.
Shillong, June 17: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) today held a public meeting at Mawlai to explain to the public about the Roster System and State Reservation Policy.
The Prime Minister said that the government has already received the foodgrains according to the allocation for the past three months.
The meetings recalled the speech of the Prime Minister on the occasion of the Independence Day that the government will eliminate the use of plastic bags from today.
The DC invites all the residents of the Community and Rural Development Block to attend the public hearing to express their views on the issue of relocation. The Wapung Block is now located in Lumshong.
According to police, the vehicle belonged to SS Kaswan Road Lines and the vehicle was heading to Guwahati. Police have registered an ejahar and the investigation is ongoing. to find the owner of this illegal trade.
HANM said that no one has taken action against this violence of the Assam government.
Through the suggestion of P. Sampath Kumar, IAS, Commissioner and Secretary, the former Agriculture Department of the State, the 1917-Integrated Technology Enabled Agri-Management System (1917iTEAMS) is a new approach especially for the farmers. This has been implemented for all farmers in Meghalaya.
The suspension was announced by HSPDP Secretary KP Pangniang MLA and KHADC Parliamentary Party Leader Telina Thangkhiew MDC. The suspension of Bah Pyniaid Syiem MDC of the party will be for two years. The party has evidence that he has campaigned against the party candidate in the last MDC election from Nongkrem MDC Constituency.
The KSU also urges the village leaders to take action on this issue and convey this voice to the government for the sake of the people in the area.
On the other hand, the Seng said that the MDA or NDA Government has treated the Christians in Meghalaya unfairly.
This action of this company is only to get the bill issued and it is about eight miaw.
Khliehriat, Lber 26: The FKJGP Bataw Unit under the leadership of its President, Bah Deihok Sumer in the presence of other leaders of the party including Bah Bilis Pyrtuh, Chairman of the FKJGP, has visited the shopkeepers at Jalalpur to raise awareness among them on the dangers of Covid-1
We have joined this at the last hour to ensure peace and to bring about change in terms of development and development of the marginalized areas, especially the Garo areas. ", he said, adding that her call for change has already been heard.
Shillong, July 23: The General Executive Committee (GEC) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today decided on three issues, the Inner Line Permit, the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019 and the Citizenship Amendment Act, The MDC Election for the 26th Langrin MDC Constituency.
Shillong, July 26: The Voluntary Health Association of Meghalaya (VHA) in collaboration with other organizations and the office of the SP East today held a celebration of the Khasi National Durbar Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong. Khasi Hills.
Conduct research in accordance with university regulations and encourage research collaborations, teacher collaboration and mutually beneficial collaborative projects.
Regarding the allocation of land to the NPP party, according to the information received, the lease is for 30 years and the lease is only T.115 tyngka per annum.
Furthermore, the Seng hopes that this meeting with the officials of MEeCL Khliehriat will be successful through their listening to the problems of the poor people so that it will be peaceful in the land of Hynniewtrep.
At the same time, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has urged all those who have Aadhaar Card to apply for any scheme of the central government to get the benefits, especially to get the benefits. food for children in different villages and other benefits.
He said that the number of maternal deaths has decreased by 53% in the last two years in the state and to reduce such deaths and infant deaths, the state is implementing the MOTHER program where information on all pregnant women in the state is kept and support is provided to them.
The AJYWO expresses its deep regret over the NGT's ban on mining and trading coal in Meghalaya without allowing the people to find ways to earn income from others. pat that kind of work.
It is a party that respects the culture of the country, focuses on the development needs of the states according to the lifestyle of the citizens and leads the development of the country.
Mission Shakti has two sub-schemes.
Apandanka Marak took 5/45 off 11 overs as Nagaland were bowled out for 92 runs in the second innings.
Shillong, Iaiong 01: BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh have arrested smuggled cows every day but the traders have not responded. The price of cows in Bangladesh is high.
Reuben Najiar President of KSU Laban said that the KSU Laban urges all religions to respect each other. The KSU has nothing against anyone and respects all religions. They should have respected each other, but what happened on that day was that when the VHP reached Laban Iewdak, they stopped in front of the Presbyterian Church.
Shillong, July 19: Meghalaya along with other states received the Center for Innovations in Public Systems (CIPS) Award held on Thursday in Shillong.
Finally, according to the information of the union, there was a complaint between the Pro VC of Tura Campus and the leaders of NEHUSU which is a disgrace to this famous university in the state.
This has helped the Central Government and the states a lot.
Shylla asked why these candidates who are in power have not done anything? When we look at West Khasi Hill District, we can see how much this area has been neglected and neglected from all sides because no one has visited and looked after it.
On the same day, the Governor also presented the Meghalaya Day Excellence Awards to 15 government employees.
From other districts, there were no incidents, but traffic in the state has been disrupted and in Shillong, it has been quiet.
Bah Buam said that one thing that happened is not their fault, this ban on working anywhere and the fine of T.50000/- each to the 157 teachers has affected them to a great extent. The protest today is to inform the government about their problem. If the government doesn't listen, they will think about what to do.
D.scholars.
The agency stands firm in its mission to protect the community from the dangers associated with drug use and trafficking.
On this basis, he said that the Khasi people also need to have a strong income.
Shillong, July 23: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has sent a petition to the Chief Minister on many issues related to the rights of the farmers.
: Four drug traffickers arrested with drugs from two places in Shillong on Saturday Ram Singh, 29, and Vijay Singh, 20, residents of Them Iewmawlong, have been arrested by the Anti Narcotic Police. The ANTF together with police from Mawlai Police Station from ISBT, Mawiong said.
During the meeting held on Friday at Nongpoh, Ribhoi District, NEPMU has decided to supply oil to Meghalaya.
"“I thank God that He is the one who protects me and if it wasn't for Him who protected me, I would have been injured in the head.
According to the information received, no one was injured in the incident and except for the affected people in coming and going and especially today which is the Umroi Market Day, many of the people who went to Umroi The market is located once a month in the Umroi area.
Zenith Sangma, Miani D. Shira, Saleng A. Sangma, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, George B Lyngdoh, Lazarus Sangma, Wailad Shylla, SG Esmatur Moninin, Adelbert Nongrum, AL Hek, Ferlin CA Sangma, Ampareen Lyngdoh and u bah Lambor Darkness.
To be selected for this course, the MLCU will teach the students according to the rules laid down by the university, they must be children who have no parents, who have lost their jobs. children who come from homes without parents.
Shillong, July 20: Meghalaya will celebrate its 47th Independence Day tomorrow.
Police recovered 51.03 kilograms of Ganja, five mobile phones and 13,540 tyngka.
Police said the name of the man is unknown, but he is a Bodo Kachari ethnic group. He is believed to be between 52 years old. Please call me at
The Chief Minister's proposal to issue Work Permits to Bangladeshis is against the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state.
The Principal said that this study tour trip of the children on that day, was a great benefit for the children to know better about Mawlynnong.
After the search, the family members of Jahlupara have been informed whether it is Washmi Dutta who has been missing since the 22nd of this month.
According to police sources, the body of the deceased was found by the workers of the company at about 9.30 pm.
It is better for the HNLC not to publish any more news.
However, it is unfortunate that in the midst of great service, the reward that this college has received is demand and imprisonment.
The body of the truck driver was found with stab wounds on the head and other parts of the body from a forest in Ladmukhla Umsuwe opposite the Pnar Service. Station.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, in a statement, said that police have registered a case on the incident and the investigation is ongoing to identify the perpetrators.
Pynshngianlang said that his part is only to take a decision and he has used his feelings on the basis that he thinks more about the people than the party or the government.
This is according to a statement issued by Bah Khrawkupar Nongsiej, Chief Organizer of the Circle.
She is a member of the village for State Seed Production.
Shillong, July 29: The All India Legal Aid Forum (AILAF) has demanded that the state government should declare the 23rd of July as a public holiday as a sign of respect for a fighter. Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose to achieve independence of India.
Shillong, Lber 06: The Mawlai Constituency Committee (NAW) and its candidate Bah BL Nongbri have congratulated all the members of the party from the constituency committee, unit members and sub-unit all those who have worked hard in this last MLA election.
Vehicles leaving Motphran now leave for Jaiaw and pass through the Khasi Seng from the bridge connecting Mawlai Nonglum and enter Mawlai Nongpdeng. Many want the PWD to complete this bridge if possible. which can drive two vehicles at the same time.
The BSF also distributed food items to the people of South Garo Hills District in these days.
The garbage and garbage has been dumped directly into the nearby river which has polluted the entire river,” said the Seng.
We want to make it clear that we will immediately reject the violence in the university, and we will fight without ceasing until we get justice,” said a statement from NEHUSU. authorities would know that any attempt to protect the offender would see an angry outburst of the youth.
Regarding the petition submitted by the College to the CEM, the CEM said that he will look into what can help the College in collaboration with your MDC Bah Equator Nongrang Dy Chairman KHADC, at the same time, congratulated the management of the College for their hard work to provide peace to the residents especially the students.
Shillong, July 03: U Symbut Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday warned those who have returned from quarantine to violate the rules and regulations. arrest them and punish them under the provisions of the Pandemic Act.
The drawing competition was held today and the children were selected to represent Meghalaya at the drawing competition to be held in Delhi on the 21st of July
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Gigur informed the House that the money allocated will be for the salaries of the employees of the District Council and for the works of the District Council. development projects implemented by the ADC.
Ed) training of the 1st batch 2013 of all 11 Study Centers in East and West Jaintia Hills District as well as SSA teachers who have just registered for the online D.El.
Meanwhile, Devesh Kumar, MLC, will be appointed as co-incharge for Mizoram, which has confirmed the BJP's commitment to expand its footprint in the region.
At the same time, the CSWO, which is Irene's group, said that these civil society organizations have taken the protest measures in accordance with the Constitution without destroying the property. of the government or the private sector this has caused great concern in the party.
On the other hand, KHNAM has demanded that this issue should be resolved as soon as possible.
The plan of the central government and the Chief Election Officer to register 77,000 new voters ahead of next year's MP elections is a threat to the minorities.
Of these, 375 candidates were found to be eligible and 4 candidates were rejected. The rejected candidates were 3 males and 1 female.
I.Mawthoh, Branch Head, North East Small Finance Bank, has handed over a sponsorship check of Rs 7 lakh for the purchase of a Small Bore Sports Rifle with kit and accessories to Dr.D.Vijay Kumar, IAS, Commissioner, Sports, GoM, which was handed over to Bah.
The reasons given by the Pastor that the government should not accept this request is that the people have not yet understood because no one knows how it is. The Khasi language is not available to the public.
The road from Marmain to Umden has been badly damaged and the PWD has ordered to repair the road by filling it with soil. don't come to this road.
Speaking at the ceremony before the flag raising ceremony, the BDO of Mariang said that this march will raise awareness among the people on the importance of eating healthy food. come and take part in spreading this message.
Speaking to reporters, Tymmen Basan RB Shadap said that some people have telephoned him on Saturday morning and said that some people have robbed the church and its belongings. and they fell to the ground.
Especially last year, dozens of students from Jaintia Hills were injured in Jowai during their struggle for their right to education.
Furthermore, in accordance with Order GSR 586 (E) issued on 25th November, 2020 on the amendment of certain sections of the Motor Vehicles (Driving) Regulations 2017 to comply with the amendments to the Act and the CMVR 1989.
Bah Sanbor said that if the central government provides support, it will be an employment opportunity for the youth.
Shillong, Lber,17: The FKJGP Mawthadraishan Circle has issued a strong warning to the Khasi girls living in this area to stay close to foreigners who come to work on the Company Road. from Nongstion to Tura and the residence of these foreigners is at Kynshi.
Supreme Court Advocate Joydeep Mukherjee today said that many of the people of the country are not aware of the death of Subhash Chandra Bose. “We have made a demand that Subhash Chandra Bose died in a helicopter crash on 18th July 1945 in Thay Huko, Japan. The CM should make public the 42 documents on Subhas Chandra Bose which the CM has kept secret.
The Syiem said that the order to close the road was also in the midst of a dispute in Majai village where the Hima Sohra has tried to hear and listen to the problems as soon as possible to reach an understanding. opinion.
In support of the government's commitment to improve the facilities of the courts, the Prime Minister said that after 2014, more than Rs 7,000 crore has been released for this purpose.
On this occasion, there was a free treatment for the residents of the village in the presence of doctors brought by MLCU and nurses of Bansara Eye Care.
The scrutiny of nomination papers will be held on 11th March 2021 at the returning officer's office. afternoon.
It is to be recalled that Bah BS Sohlya Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District together with the SP in the past few days have visited the polling stations on the border with Assam.
The demand of the malaria workers is that the state government should take them under the health department, according to an office memorandum written by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare on the 23rd. July  2014.
The agenda contains 14 agenda items for the 2013 elections to be held on 23rd June. The agenda was launched by the party president Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh in the presence of party officials on Thursday.
Shillong, March 08: Residents of Danagre village have seen a box of books in the forest and when they went to cover it with wood, they found that inside the box of books there was a box of books. newborn babies.
Therefore, we the Khasi-Pnar people must support their demand and struggle for Garo land so that they too as a separate ethnic group can rule themselves according to their own rights and customs. The boundaries of Goroland are according to the boundaries of the British Government and the boundaries of Garo District before it was in Assam and at the time of the creation of Meghalaya.
Parvati Nair, a student of Class VIII at Army Public School, Happy Valley, Shillong, received her training from 58 GTC Gorkha Training Centre.
Answering questions, he said that he was elected by the House and the number of members who are fellow MDCs will be known tomorrow inside the House. council.
New Delhi, November 29: Vice President of India M Venkaiah Naidu has called on everyone to understand the Citizenship Amendment Act.
Besides the buses, there will also be a parking lot for taxis and sumos to carry passengers from the buses.
The first Field Marshall General KM Cariappa, who retired from his post, attended the ceremony. This is the first time that the Indian Army has honored this day. Veteran's Day on 14th July
Advocate KerwanI Lytep explained on the issue of women's rights as empowered by the law, that women have special rights and recognition by the law, that women have the protection of the law if they are violated. There are those who are violent or insulted in the workplace, in their marriage or in society.
In his speech, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya said that the North Eastern Region of India needs to develop in terms of trade and income and at the same time he expressed his concern. thanks to the support of the center from time to time.
“We don't want to be like Tripura, where the indigenous people there have become low paid in their own country.
On the other hand, the civil society organizations in Garo Hills said that so far there has been no communication from the family members to demand the release of the arrested persons without any restrictions. condition.
On the other hand, the residents of this area request the government to complete this road as it is very important for the village.
He is and continues to be the guide to judge what is right and what is wrong.
Police are still investigating.
Many Election Commission officials have dropped photographs of BJP, TMC and NPP political parties in different parts of Shillong.
Sister passed away on Saturday 28/03/2
Tura, July 19: The handball tournament was held at the Don Bosco Junior College Indoor Arena.
In a meeting with the DC, the KSU said that the residents of these two villages have faced darkness and many jobs have been lost due to the lack of light in these villages.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Chief Minister, Sebastian Pakyntein, President of KJDCDC, said that it is a pleasure that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has promised to take over the project. answer this question of theirs.
During this journey, fossils or signs of marine life were also found on the rock.
Police have registered a case and a postmortem has been conducted at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
Shillong, November 16: The All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (AMSSASTA) has received permission from the District Administration to hold a They staged a sit-in in front of the Additional Secretariat on the 20th of this month.
In the agreement between the MTDC and Bah Shylla, he was allowed not to borrow money from any bank or company to complete the work which is still pending on the site which is under the jurisdiction of the MTDC. don't complain either.
Promises can be fulfilled only to those who are willing to be obedient and to those who are willing to declare their true righteousness, according to the promises.
The first phase of the Vividhta Amrit Mahotsav was organized to showcase the spread of dairy in the North East, bringing together traditional crafts and dairy in one place.
It is a widespread discussion of this twofold principle.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia Garo People (FKJGP) Mawlai Circle today sent a letter to the Assistant Branch Manager of the United Bank of India (UBI) to suspend the branch. Manager of this branch in Mawlai.
State Award – Meghalaya, after qualifying for the Elite Group in the upcoming Ranji Trophy 2024-25, State Award – Nagaland, winner of the U-23 Men's Col CK Nayudu Trophy (plate group), State Award – Nagaland, winner of the U-19 Men's Cooch Behar Trophy (plate group), State Award – Manipur, winner of the U-16 Boys' Vijay Merchant Trophy (plate group).
After the union found out the fact that the students who have been selected to study doctorate in the state have been rejected after being selected from the state government, the union has sought more information. They also found that there has been a complaint from one government department to another regarding the lack of doctoral training for the selected youth.
In these days, it has been seen that the infiltration of Bangladeshis into India and committing robbery by injuring people and only yesterday they injured people from Shella area in East Khasi Hills and now The day came again in Tamabil.
The Rangbah Shnong of Sohpdok, Bah Rocky Nongkhlaw, in the presence of the Secretary Shnong of Sohpdok, Bah Romes Mawlong, who was one of the victims of the incident, handed over the tins. and other elders.
The students of the hospital are studying medicine in herbal medicine at Mawdiangdiang, which belongs to the central government. I came to study at this doctor's office.
Bah Rani denied the allegation.
This makes us read these writings of his at the higher levels of education.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The Cabinet today approved the implementation of the Code of Criminal Procedure (CrPC) and the Code of Civil Procedure (CPC) in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: U MDC of 15-Laban Constituency, Bah Ricky Shullai on Saturday laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Lawsohtun Dorbar Hall at a cost of T.10 lakh. Also present on the occasion were Bah Mitchell Wankhar Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong Lamkhraw Kharbuli, Elders of Lawsohtun and The residents of this village were also present on this occasion.
At this time, it is easier to sit in the room and talk. At this meeting, the Prime Minister advised the Members of the House to go to the COVID-19 treatment centers to get tested. In response from the members of the House, the media was also invited to attend.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The examination of the nomination papers submitted by the candidates for the MLA election 2018 to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has been held today.
Along with the dedication, the state was dedicated to the prayer that the state will be a different state, an example to many other states in India. This is a special prayer for the country and the state.
The Congress party is ready to support if they ask for support, as the UDP and HSPDP which used to support the PDF have now withdrawn their support, while the Congress party has already been in the party. on the opposite side.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday visited the office of the EE of PWD North Division Jowai to inspect the construction site of the Mini Secretariat. in Johannesburg.
Regarding the investigation, he said that there will be no side that can interfere with the investigation, let the law do what it needs to do. for no one shall be above the law.
The participation of the Governor of Meghalaya in this Christmas celebration has made this day even more special as this is the first time among the Governors of Meghalaya who have taken part in the Christmas celebration. of Christians as head of state.
To bring victory in 2018 from this constituency requires the unity of all political parties, he urged the members of the party to work hard to invite other political parties to join the UDP. The party has won the victory from Pynursla Constituency.
“If we find out, we will punish those involved and we don't want this incident to affect not only the petrol pump owners but also the revenue collection of the Government.
The Double Decker Roots Bridges, the Rainbow Fall at Nongriat, the Jri Bridge at Nongthymmai Tyrna and the ridge at Nongwar where you can see the northern parts of Nongriat. Bangladesh.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the policies of the previous Governments have created a shortage of doctors and health workers in the country and have built a barrier to the development of quality health services. .
Lawbah area is located 12 km from Mawsynram block. According to the residents of Lawbah area, many houses have been affected by the floods. The village of Lawbah.
The opposition in the KHADC today clarified that they are not united because the Congress MDCs have not supported the no confidence motion brought by the ethnic parties. There are no more MDCs to stand in the House.
However, if the people have persistent measles, it is better to go immediately to the nearest hospitals for testing immediately to protect themselves,” said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
Hashah urged the MLA of the area, Bah Martin M Danggo, to talk to the government authorities to urge these two contractors to continue their work and not to stop working as it is now. easily the work is really overdone.
The speech of the CEM of KAAC expresses the failure of the CEM of JHADC and the government to allow or encourage Poiei to accuse the Khasi land owner.
The MCTODA leader said that it has decided not to set up gates on the highways to collect money from trucks carrying goods. struggle.
What surprised the foreign traders, who smuggle goods to Bangladesh, is that from Amsarin to Tamabil which is only 9 km away there are three weighbridges, one at Amsarin and one at Sohkha. The State Government and Customs accept only the Weighbridge of the Port Authority of India at Tamabile.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that there is a close relationship between all living things and this is important for the preservation of the environment.
The Expenditure Department, on 17th June, 2020, has increased the states' borrowing capacity to 2% of GSDP. The final 0.5% of this 2% has been added to the capacity. The states have not introduced at least 3 to 4 changes as stipulated by the Government of India.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Meghalaya Police have been allowed to be more responsible in their duties and their duties are to patrol charitable activities and to fight against crime and to provide protection of government officials.
Regarding the damage, the police are still counting.
Speaking on the occasion, Additional Chief Secretary KN Kumar said that the production of Tit at present is only about 15% and that is only in the well cultivated areas. .
The funeral service was held inside the church before being taken to the church cemetery in Laitumkhrah.
“The Mawlai MLA has handed over the work order of T.36,000 to the Principal.
M.Language.
He said that according to the policy on posts other than the rank of Dr. Vinay P. Sahasrabuddhe in the Rajya Sabha, the posts of Constable on General Duty have been allocated according to the States and Union Territories and those affected areas. that is not right.
“He said the Congress has also turned its attention to the women in the state and if the Congress comes to power, it will look for ways and means to help women.
The training began with a speech by a lecturer from the Department of Psychology, MLCU who explained that the treatment of HIV/AIDS patients should go hand in hand with the treatment of their mental health. Those who have this disease often experience a lot of discrimination and discrimination and this affects their well-being.
They should remember that parents strive as much as they can to provide their children with education according to their ability.
After borrowing tens of thousands of crores of rupees, they have not paid their debts and have fled India. that it shall not be as it was before.
The Government will look into the problem of the poor to pay school fees, and at the same time that teachers will not lose their salaries.
Meanwhile, the Garo Hills has been withdrawn from the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 and will have to get the approval of the President of the country to be implemented again in Garo Hills.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Coming One Ymbon said that the cooperation of the Police Home Guards Volunteers to manage traffic, secure the Legislative Assembly, and assist the Police in many areas has been very successful. be of great benefit.
The MPCC also expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of Father Mathew Vellankal who was involved in the accident. this is the tyngkhuh car.
On receiving information, the QRT team together with employees of MeECL and the Forest Department removed the trees and electrical wires.
The delivery of seeds through the Block is too slow as the planting season is not yet over, while the seeds are still arriving.
The Prime Minister reminded that there should be a spirit of responsibility, self-control to be disciplined and this will help in the fight against those criminals.
“The North East Olympic Games not only brings about the provision of venues but especially for the athletes who can compete.
HNYM leader Donlang Nongbri said that the HNYM has inspected the hospital on the 5th of June this year. The health centre, which was inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on 3rd November 2022, has not been operational yet.
The BSF has expressed its deep concern over the increase in smuggling activities in Bangladesh. The BSF has stepped up its patrols to ensure that smuggling should not take place at the border. and the country of Bangladesh.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The BJP State President Ernest Mawrie on Tuesday said that the ruling BJP party supports the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya. This is the personal speech of Bah AL Hek.
AYWO had requested for RTI on 6th October 2018 but they have not yet received their request. On the other hand, the AYWO Central Body said that the AYWO Central Body will stand on its own grounds and demand that the schemes of the government should be explained to the public. employed for the public.
SN Pradhan, Additional Director, North East Zone, Guwahati and Arijit Chakraborty, Deputy Director, Regional Outreach Bureau, Guwahati attended the briefing today.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Central Body of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) led by Bah Lamphang Kharbani and Secretary Rejoice Nongsiej has expressed its deep sorrow and regret upon seeing the report of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HNM). C.BI.regarding the illegal appointment of Assistant Teachers by the authorities and in the positions held by many departments involved in this illegal appointment of Assistant Teachers in Government Lower Primary Schools and this has greatly affected the state of Meghalaya.
From the beginning, we have been respecting the government by hoping that the government will take action and implement the ILP but the government has been ignoring the demand. We don't want to take the path of struggle and it is the government that forces us to struggle, but we don't want to struggle and we don't want to because we don't know anything else, because while we are waiting to walk on the road. the government has done nothing and does not believe.
Shillong, March 04: Officials of Mawphlang Hima today met with the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and demanded that the Chief Minister should reopen the Mawphlang CHC. I have been building houses for many years.
Nongmawlong, Nongmawlong, Madan Jaiaw, Nongthymmai, Nongthymmai, Nongthymmai, Mawthawkrah, Nongthymmai, Nongthymmai, Mawsikar, Unbyrsit, Mawdiangsnam, Umyiap, Nongribah Hills, and other parts of the country. Knowledge.
He said that HANM does not want the Khasi community to become like what happened in Tripura.
The Government will wait for the reply and then they will decide how to act. Regarding the demands of the people who have been affected by Themetor, they remain the same. judge whether their claim is legitimate.
He said the intention was good but the action was not good. “Look at the speeches of all the courts from the High Courts to the speeches of the Supreme Court”.
At this meeting, they decided to appoint a Constitutional Expert to study the rule and submit their opinion to the ADC. meeting to discuss this issue.
The committee is headed by the Director of Anti-Infiltration and the members of the committee shall include officers from the Revenue Department, Transport Department, Sports Department and the Ministry of Infiltration. you have to look at the bylla.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Mizoram has encouraged the youth to join the army and from the arrival of the youth to take part in the recruitment, the Chief Minister of Mizoram said This is a sign that the youth of this country have understood the value of joining the army.
We don't know why this child is so selfish.
On the other hand, the Government of Meghalaya has also improved the city by improving the roads in Shillong, cleaning the roads and cleaning the roads.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: A coke truck coming from West Khasi Hills District today collided with another vehicle at Upper Shillong.
Raising the issue in the Dorbar Tlang of KHADC on Tuesday, Bah Charles said that during the inspection, there was also a lot of confusion and regret over the question of the inspectors where the land belongs. .
Shillong, Lber 21: The Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA) has strongly condemned the statement by the Minister of State for Education Dr RC Laloo that the reason for the delay in payment of the salaries of The salaries of the teachers are due to the failure of the Managing Committee to send the utilization certificate on time.
The Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary through its Secretary Dr. Manjunatha C. on July 11, 2023 has issued a public notice ban ban the sale of meat and milk of cows due to the spread of tuberculosis. ha cats.
, see here if , Animals Husbandry and Veterinary Department, General Adminstration Department, Home (Police) Department, Transport Department.
According to the provisions of the IOA & AA, the Acts and Rules of the National Green Tribunal Act 2010, and many of the rules are against The Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement (1948) signed by India and the Hima Khasi States, on 17 August 1948, which affects the right to land ownership. you are in the land of Hynniewtrep.
Regarding the removal of Bah James, he said that it was a meeting of the committee where the MLAs and MDCs said that such a thing should be removed. James said that he should not be in charge and appointed Kimfa S Marbaniang MLA to be in charge.
The aim of these programs in the districts is to take the celebration of AKAM to all parts of the country with the active participation of workers and people.
He urged the people to give their full support to Bah L Blah, MDC who has worked well for Mawphlang constituency and also to other MDC candidates from the Congress party in this District Council Election. close cooperation between the District Council and the State Government.
Speaking to reporters, Donal V Thabah said that this is not the first time but this is the third time and the last thing they have done is that the Assam government has announced the ILP. National Register of Citizens.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Deputy CEM KHADC, Bha PN Syiem said that the Executive Committee of KHADC will meet to discuss the report and then the report will be submitted to the Lyiur Dorbar. .
She said she was ready.
Shillong, Lber 27: Telinia Thangkhiew of the HSPDP and ARPA has won the election for the post of Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Telinia received 15 votes, Manstudy Nongrem of the Congress received 12 votes and two votes were lost as they did not specify whom they wanted to vote for.
Diseases caused by tobacco use and consumption currently affect the lives of 267 million people in the country and besides the spread of this disease has also affected many people who it's not new anymore.
“Until now we have seen that the trade in the state has been dominated by other ethnic groups,” said the party leader. to play chess.
The Publicity Secretary of the RBYF in a statement today said that the Mawrong road, which serves many villages and can be said to be the road that also leads to Umkei and Umsaw Nongbri, is However, the road has caused suffering to many residents, because of its deterioration and now it has been found that it has caused more and more suffering to the people, because it has been repaired. state.
: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) Jaintia Hills Unit, will hold a public meeting at the Community Hall of Khliehriat West, East Jaintia Hills District on
Shillong, July 27: From today, police will operate vehicles from Khyndailad to Umsohsun, in an attempt to see how much it will help in the traffic jam.
On my part as a Minister I have fought as much as I can to force the Central Government for various schemes and I hope that the Government of India will accept this request of the State Government.
He also said that the government should not come to develop the railway lines but even the bridges which have been standing for 40 years have not been completed.
The Chief Executive Officer, Tura, in a statement today said that the drawing competition will be held on the 21st of this month at the Tura Government College Auditorium. The competition will be held from 11 am to 10 pm.
In this situation, there is confiscation of goods and smuggling.
He also urged all the 29 Sirdarships to take action to complete the openings through Article 4 of the Annexed Agreement of the Instrument of Accession dated 17 August
(SP News Agency).
“If the government really intends to implement these demands as promised, we request you to issue an assurance in black & white or to issue a notification immediately. these are long-standing and important demands.
He said that when we look at the income in the country, India still has a lot of development projects.
On the other hand, the Cabinet also approved the amendment to Section 5 of the Lokayukta Act to allow the chairman to function fully even if there are no full members and this will be announced by an Ordinance.
Therefore, KHNAM expects that the government should have relaxed the rules of talks.
Speaking on the project, Prime Minister Modi said that once completed, it will improve the accessibility and comfort of the believers and will also increase the attendance of the believers.
The arrest of these robbers was made on July 18, 2024 when four unidentified persons came in a Scotty number AS18J-0181 and a Bike Pulsar. AS18 E-7925, they stopped another person and stole money from the plate and robbed two mobile phones.
Chyne said that according to the Trading by Non-Tribals Regulation, 1954, the District Council has the right to protect. The CEM said that if the government allows foreigners to come to work, it does not have to take permission from the KHADC. The government has brought in foreigners to work in the KHADC. Now it is clear that more than 10,000 people have gone abroad to work because they don't have jobs in the state.
U Bah Louis said that if the factories in the state cannot provide employment to the people of the state, there is no point in having these factories which will destroy the environment and destroy the resources of the people. marpoh is the new state.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Suklang Dkhar, President of the Meghalaya Speed ​​Skating Association and General Secretary of the Meghalaya Roll Ball Association, expressed his satisfaction that the tournament has been held. It is true that the participants played well physically and mentally and there is a need to continue to work hard.
The meeting was attended by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and MLA of the constituency. KHADC) in charge of the District Department and MDC of Pariong-Mawthadraishan Constituency who was the Chief Guest at the programme.
The party strongly condemns and requests all schools, colleges and offices to oppose with one voice this decision of the BJP government. urge the BJP to continue to fight.
He said the Government of India has passed a law under Article 6 of the Constitution of the country through Article 6 or known as the Sixth Schedule and the district councils to be the protectors of the customs and traditions of the marriage law. in which the Government of India at that time had to provide special protection to the minorities.
The death toll from COVID-19 in the past 24 hours has risen to 5, 4 in East Khasi Hills and 1 in West Khasi Hills.
As President, he acknowledged the speeches of Bah Pynshngian N Syiem and Ampareen Lyngdoh.
Although Ampareen did not say whether Robert will contest the MP election, she said that if he is already in the party, it is up to him to apply for the ticket if he wants to contest.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, launched the campaign in Betasing Block of South West Garo Hills. and the names of the species are Dendrocalamus Giganteus and Dendrocalamus Asper.
The Army held a special tribute to this soldier who showed his skills in the 1971 Pakistan War.
An application fee of 100 tyngka will be accepted.
Regarding the suggestion of the three CEMs, Bah Shylla said that the Chief Minister has promised to meet again with the CEMs of the three District Councils. to discuss this proposal after the State Legislative Assembly.
New Delhi, Naitung 07: The National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) today sent a letter to the Golf Club, Delhi regarding the allegation that the North Eastern Tribe (Scheduled Tribe) has been discriminated against. the location of the club.
Adding to his speech, Bah ED Nongsyiang said that the government needs to look at both sides. He said that the government should not think only for the benefit of the people. writers and editors but to act according to need.
Mineral exploration, exploration of metals and poly metallic nodules in Indian offshore areas.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The Dorbar of Chiefs of Jaintia Hills has requested the CEM, JHADC to collect information on the Seng Kur or Dorbar Kur within the border of Jaintia Hills. Hynniewtrep, CEM, JHADC to convene all the Kur Sengs or Kur Dorbars within the boundary of Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, November 19: In the past few days, the Sirdarship of Sohbar Elaka under the leadership of Bah IS Japang, Acting Sirdar, Sohbar Sirdarship, in the presence of MLA of Shella Constituency Bah Balajied Synrem, Bah Peter A. Dohkrut, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has met with the Chief Minister to discuss the issue of Kommorah Limestone Mining Company LTD (KLMC).
Shillong, July 03: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong City today met with the EM in charge of Trade and Industry, Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuki of KHADC to demand that the trading should no longer be allowed. License to other states.
In this raid, the troops have arrested one person and after the arrest four others have been arrested bringing the total number of arrested to five.
Shillong, Lber 28: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Central Body led by the Vice President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Samla Shemphanglang Lyngdoh Mawphlang together with members of the KSU visited the Custom Office. Commissioner Bandhana Deori for the implementation of the work on Good Friday.
Mawlynsnai, June 02: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today held an election campaign at Mawlynsnai in Ri Bhoi District for the upcoming MP election. EMbhahlang B Syiemlieh MLA Mawlai Constituency, Bindo Lanong, Hamlet Dohlieng and others.
In a meeting with the JSU leaders in Mukroh yesterday, Conrad promised to take action to set up a police station in Mukroh to protect the border residents and to try to bring in the Khasi villages. Jaintia Block on the border with Assam.
Speaking to reporters, the Inspector General of BSF in charge of Shillong Frontier said that during this march, they will meet with the students at the capital of Ri Bhoi District. students of this district.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya today passed four Bills, the Meghalaya Right to Public Services Bill, 2020, the Meghalaya Settlement of Arrears Bill, 2020 and the the St. Xaviers' University Shillong Bill, 2020 and the Meghalaya Minerals Cess (Amendment) Bill,
To resolve the issues within MeECL, a special committee has been set up comprising MeECL officials and the Finance Department of the State Government on how to deal with the collection of you're light.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister promised to provide financial assistance for the improvement of the venue of the Behdienkhlam Raid Mukhla so that the raid can preserve the culture and traditions and will also be a source of inspiration. to the visitors of the world.
After this, these Dkars were handed over to the Lumding Forest Officer and a team of officers came to take them and a case was registered against them under Section No. of 23-24 and under U/S -50,51,39,44,48(A) of the Wildlife Protection Act –
He urged the MDA government, which is concerned about the quality of education in the state, especially the deficit teachers, to implement the recommendation of the 5th Pay Commission to pay salaries to teachers besides the pension. to increase the DCRG to T.10 lakh equal to government employees, to implement the ACPS, and to release the second installment of salary before Christmas
Pyniaid also informed about the construction of a new market by the suspects of the murder of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta in Ichamati. They have gone to Khalipara to set up a new market. These foreign states cannot open the market as they please.
The KHADC has sent a letter to the state government for permission so that the Khasi medicine vendors can install the medicines in the area so that they will be clean and hygienic and the distribution of the medicines will be according to the times. city ​​not now.
He also thanked Ma Vincent MP from the Congress party for his hard work in bringing these schemes to Mawlai.
Shillong, November 14: A group of Muktiars from Shillong, including those from Nagaland and Manipur, will file a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) in the Supreme Court against the Citizenship Amendment Act. long to repeal this law.
The office bearers of the KSU Kyrphei Unit are: Posstar Rynjah has been elected as President, Welcoplang Rynjah has been elected as Vice President, Fleckstar Rynjah has been elected as General Secretary. Education Secretary Samla Justerwell Rynjah, Publicity Secretary Samla Banshanborlang Nongbet.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said he was surprised to see in the media that the Rangbah Shnong has been assaulted. your group.
Shillong, Lber 12: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today approved the introduction of the first amendment to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) Amendment Bill, The EM in charge of the land was also present, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Congress officials said that the Congress MDC who won the election from the Congress party left the party on 30th July 2013 and was accepted. It was appointed by the General Secretary of the MPCC on 1st June
Furthermore, KSU Mawlai Circle has also closed down offices and banks that are open without respecting the holidays.
Regarding the border marking by Assam, it has caused surprise how the Assam government has marked the border.
These were men and women of courageous spirit and vision.
In a meeting with the Chief Minister, the Chief Minister directed the Chief Secretary of the State to discuss the matter with the Chief Secretary of the Assam Government to resolve the issue. in connection with the construction of this road.
Bah Sanbor said before the Minister that there is a lot of vacant land which can be used for the construction of markets as Shillong has become one of the trading hubs. .
In a letter sent to all the states, the arrest of Bernard N Marak is on charges of violating the Human Trafficking Act for prostitution according to an ejahar lodged at the Police Station. of women in Tura.
Shillong, July 07: The CBI Special Judge Ikramul Hussain has sentenced Pranab Paul Choudhury, a cashier at a bank in Shillong, to death. .
“Ka seng wishes those youths who have not reached the goal this time, not to lose hope, but to continue to work hard so that they can do better in the next time. and that they should remember that defeat is not the last resort but that it will be a stepping stone towards the goal of victory," the party encouraged.
The Mission sees that success will depend on the involvement of the villages in this work, which includes from the village leaders to the households.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of Water Supply, Meghalaya, who is also the MLA of Mawkyrwat, said that the people of the area have hoped that the road from Mawphlang to Mawkyrwat will be completed. Ranikor is still on the National Highway.
On this occasion, Bah S Sohliya, Bah H Kharhunai, both Ministers of Mawphlang Hima, were present on the occasion. This famous sacred law covers an area of ​​more than 76 hectares.
The National Executive Committee (NEC) has discussed many issues related to the North East and the state at its meeting in Delhi. , it was also decided to extend the term of office of National President JP Nanda until the end of the Lok Sabha elections
The poor families who have suffered from the lockdown in India, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, today, in a spirit of compassion, donated spiritual assistance to several households. 1050kg of rice, 200kg of rice and 100kg of piat to the poor families of Umchongpet Village, Wapungskur.
The villages where the HYC has received food aid to the poor are Umshing Mawkynroh in Mawlai, Wahlein Village in Mawkynrew.
Shillong, Nailar 01: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) of the Special Circuit Bench in charge of the Eastern Zone has strongly criticized the government for failing to comply with all the requirements of the committee set up according to the rules.
Sreenivasulu concluded his speech by hoping that such a meeting with the media will help to disseminate information among many churches about the schemes and programs and more local entrepreneurs will come forward to take advantage of these benefits from government schemes under the Ministry of Micro Small and Medium Enterprises.
The reason for this is that the Congress in these years of leading the coalition governments has forgotten one policy which is the same but that the people who will be in the cabinet They should be based on their many victories but they have been violated by this previous government.
The Government has signed a Memorandum of Understanding with four groups on November 7, 2023 to provide training for the thylliej and to employ the youth of Meghalaya in Japan, United Kingdom, Singapore and the United Arab Emirates.
There are 65 cases in East Garo Hills, 15 cases in East Khasi Hills, 14 cases in Ri Bhoi and 35 cases in West Garo Hills. Bhoi 2, West Garo Hills
The deterioration of the roads has seriously affected the income, employment and is the cause of backwardness in these areas.
The Seng through this statement reminds us of the past times of the Jaidbynriew.
The task of the committee is to pave the way for peace among the different ethnic groups of the state, which also includes dialogue between the bloodthirsty groups.
Students of Muktapur Govt Bangali UP School, LP School Muktapur, LP School Hawaibasti and LP School Rhongkong have received the assistance. Muktapur, Hawaii and Hong Kong.
According to Beda, the Government has identified seven pillars of development namely Human Development, Infrastructure, Primary Sector, Entrepreneurship, Environment and Governance. activity that achieves goals for development by making this an integral part of business planning.
It will also stem the flow of youth from the region to remote parts of the country," he added.
The driver of the truck said that the items were brought from Dimapur to Mendipathar in North Garo Hills to be handed over to the GNLA.
On the other hand, the FKJGP said that the government should not only look after the Marten in Mawlai but should also look after all the districts in the state to ensure that there is no garbage dump. The crowd was still growing for many years.
On the other hand, the JYF urges the MLA and MDC to take action so that the people who have been affected by this natural disaster can get assistance from the government.
Shovin Bhattacharjee's poem Mahatma Gandhi in 21Century describes Gandhi's ideas that will be relevant to today's society or the world.
The awards were presented by the Vice President of India, Jagdeep Dhankar.
Bah Ribok Pyngrope said that it has been rumored that the group against the Sordar has decided not to rest until the bloodshed.
The fighting was heavy, but the militants managed to flee to the dense forests in the area and police are conducting a search operation in the area.
In heavy rain, wind, cold, snow and ice, stay inside your car until help arrives or until the weather calms down (the roof will protect you if you don't touch it with your hands). the inside): close the windows and park the vehicle away from trees and electrical signs.
The DC has also informed that the ration shops and grocery shops in the villages will open on 18/04/2020 on Saturday in all the cities of Shillong and in the villages under the of East Khasi Hills District.
Until now, the government has not sent anyone to talk to these workers who have demanded from time to time to take them back because there are still jobs in the villages. .
According to reports, the man was walking on a footbridge built to walk from side to side but he fell into the water. He was rushed to Bhoirymbong PHC but was pronounced dead on arrival.
In the men's category, East Khasi Hills won four gold, silver and four bronze medals, while in the women's category, East Khasi Hills won three gold and four bronze medals. silver medals, and five bronze medals.
Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, Prestone alleged that the VPP has made allegations without knowing the facts and without investigating the number of people living in Them Iewmawlong.
The Minister said that there should be cooperation between these five schools so that there will be cooperation that will help them to develop and experience economic development.
He urged the people to explain this to their neighbours.
The Seng demands the immediate release of this youth without payment.
The problem now is that because of the jobs and responsibilities of our jobs, as students, government employees, as public leaders, in this busy schedule we forget to take care of ourselves.
On this occasion, the Governor said that the hard work and love of peace by the citizens is a great strength for any country and the people of this state follow this example.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The All India Regional Rural Bank Employees Association (ABA) has strongly opposed the central government's decision to allow private individuals to deposit money in the Regional Rural Bank. Bank, said SV Ready, General Secretary of the party in India.
Shillong, Nailur 29: Unidentified persons set fire to a police vehicle (ML02 0026) near Lawsohtun Block 4 at 8.20 pm this morning.
"We would also like to thank the residents of the area who have been willing to donate Bolero Pick ups, S Fourwheels for the purpose of delivering the stones to the road maintenance sites. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Ma C Tangliang, Secretary of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Iooksi Pyllun.
The Church today held a religious service at the cemetery in Laitumkhrah and in all the pariahs in Meghalaya. all the villages within their parish to bless the cemeteries.
Jowai, Naiwieng 06: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has passed away. , who has served the country and the nation.
The program will be presented by KrishiVigyan Kendras (KVKs), ICAR Institutes, State Agricultural Universities, PM KisanSamriddhi Kendras, Primary Agricultural Cooperative Societies, and Common Service Centers (CSCs) across the country.
Regarding the students' objection to the Tenancy Bill 2013, Auguster Jyrwa said that the students' objection to the Tenancy Bill The government under the leadership of Prestone Tynsong, the students have done the right thing and it is clear that the tenancy bill is an unintended bill and has not said anything about the illegal entry of the authorities. bar states.
The JSU&JYF demands that the CEM and the Secretary of the Executive Committee of JHADC should immediately stop the interview or appointment of people tomorrow because the CEM has violated the rules. The recruitment rules of the JHADC have been illegally conducted without notice or advertisement which is a source of information for all job seekers to prepare themselves to fight for various posts within the JHADC. If the JHADC does not accept this demand, the JSU&JYF will not hesitate to take the path of protest against the JHADC to force it to immediately remove this appointment and interview immediately. announcement from the two organizations.
On the basis of the revised National Indicator Framework (SDGs-NIF), every year the SPI releases a Progress Report on the SDGs which also contains time series data on Statistics Day. 29 July) along with two books published on the progress report.
The arrest was said to be an attempt to use force and to cover up the illegal land grabbing by the people in power.
He said that the protection of living things should come first and others should come later.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah A Nongbri SDO of Mairang Civil Sub Division said that the government has many opportunities for the benefit of the people but what is needed is the to work together to improve income generation with various government departments.
They are the power of India that has risen to the Azadi of Amrit Kaal.
Shillong, July 24: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah WMS Pariat, on Tuesday said that the government is deeply concerned about the situation in Garo Hills.
Out of the 40 pyrtons in Meghalaya, the remaining 7 pyrtons will be guarding the polling stations at three polling stations.
Referring to the tourism sector, the Chief Minister said that the state government will spend more money on the Sohra area. He said that the money is about T.700 crore and most of it will go to Sohra. not only to improve the highway but also the village roads as well.
The attempt was successful when the Mobile Autonomous Launchers (MAL) was fired from a vehicle. and the difference from the sohpdung is less than a meter.
The Election Commission of India has posted this letter on its website.
The total cost of this project is T.12,661klur.
The deterioration of the road in this village has also been extreme and the CSWO will not hesitate to seek information as the residents have faced many problems from the payment of the road.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The group “KA SUR U PAIDBAH KA BRI HYNIEWTREP” has been established after the State of Meghalaya has announced that there are no more cases of Coronavirus after the death of five persons from the I (L) household. Dr. John Sailo Ryntathiang and three others who were admitted to the Civil Hospital have recovered from the virus.
Referring to the PHC in Laitlyngkot, Bah Chyne said that the government should change the name of the PHC by giving In the name of the former Chief Minister of the State, Bah Brington Buhai Lyngdoh.
However, the answer received was that there was no arrangement, as the workers could not do anything.
Shillong, March 01: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger today directed the public to park their vehicles in the designated places during the Puja.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah R.Kharkongor, SDO in charge of Mawsynram Sub-Division, said that the office has informed the higher authorities to take all necessary action.
We do not accept and cannot allow such things because it can encourage others to come.
Leaders and government officials say that “School children are the future of the country” but as it is now it is markhongpong.
The Minister said that special attention is also paid to the farmers, women and children of the state, whether it is in the establishment of Self Help Groups, or through music, employment. and sport, all of which have flourished in the state.
Speaking to SP News Agency at the NPP office in Lachumiere, he said that he had received a phone call from the Joint Secretary of Parliament. or in the last moment they shall be saved.
These medicines are available and distributed to the health centers in the Districts.
The government has struggled to improve the revenue collection system and the increase in revenue collection has increased by 17% compared to the previous period. way how to improve revenue collection.
In this regard, the Seng Khasi Kmie, makes it clear that there is nothing to express the personal speech of any person, but the Seng regrets the misuse of the Youtuber to The General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar Shillong, Bah Hainess Marbaniang, said that the use of the images of the Seng Khasi, especially the misuse of the Lama of the Seng and the religious images on the holy Lum Sohpetbneng. .
During the meeting, there was a discussion and suggestion which the government was ready to accept.
The party strongly condemns this order of the government.
The Minister said that this is a serious task to train those who need special service.
Speaking to reporters at the Shillong Press Club, Dr B Cruse, Project Director of the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society, said that more than 2500 people will take part in the campaign. Participants included senior officers from various government departments.
Mizoram Tourism Authority has taken steps to promote sustainable tourism through green tourism in Khamrang, which is a project under the DoNER department. suspicion in the city.
Some of the gifts that this great man has given are; the introduction of the Khasi alphabet; the establishment of primary schools; the struggle to protect the rights of the Khasi from the hands of the English.
The burden of the CPC and CRC on the public in the cases is not enough.
Shillong, Naiwieng: The Dorbar Kur Mawrie on Saturday 31.10.2020 awarded awards and certificates to the youth of the Kur Mawrie who have brought fame and glory to the Kur Mawrie. The Dorbar Kur Mawrie has expressed its proudness especially to Bahunlang Mawrie who has scored 90% and came in the 10th position in the SSLC 2020 examination. Veon Mangkyrpang Mawrie has scored 93% in the ICSE
In West Jaintia Hills District, Dawan Lyngdoh MDC from 1st Nartiang, Moonlight Pariat from 2nd Jowai, J. Treilang Suchiang from Raliang, 4th from Raliang -Mookaiaw MLA Nujorki Syngoh MLA, 7-Amlarem MLA Lahkmen Rymbui MLA. Ri Bhoi District, 8-Mawhati MLA Baiahunlang Makdoh, 10th Amlarem MLA. -In Jirang, the name of Badhok Nongmalieh has been announced, in Umshning, the name of Sunshine Makri has been announced.
The area of ​​the land for the construction of the dorbar hall is 80 acres. In the second phase, other facilities such as MLA residences and staff quarters will be constructed.
The Prime Minister in his address to the nation on 24th October 2020 said, “The Central Government has allocated Rs 15,000 crore for the treatment of coronavirus patients and to strengthen the facilities. patient care in the country.
Chawnpui High School, Aizawl with the aim of educating the students about the dangers of drug use, the importance of living a healthy lifestyle and avoiding drugs.
Shillong, July 30: A bus from Ryngkut to Shillong overturned at Mawjynbuin in Mawsynram village at 1.45 pm this morning. that man was injured.
To improve the working methods and to provide and eliminate all the shortcomings, the Seng will close down the Bank if it cannot provide the services as expected by the public.
This was announced after Dr Balajied S Syiem, Syiem of Khyrimbad Hima, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, Chairman of the Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep, and Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, together with other dignitaries of the Hima Khyrim Syiemship, on behalf of the Federation of Khasi States, submitted a Petition on the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement, to the Vice Chairman of the Federation. CST on their visit to Smit on 20th October 2010. After a thorough review by the NCST on 5th May 2011, the NCSt sent its decision to the Secretary, Ministry of Tribal Affairs, Meghalaya/2012/ RU-II April 26, 2012.
“Their appointment in this field will be that besides providing training to the athletes in sports, they will also be able to provide training in terms of confidence which is an important factor in success when competing in the competitions around the world.
He said that when they encounter any problem they should be ready to seek assistance from government departments for clarification.
The Chief Minister has congratulated the Minister in charge of Education for taking the decision to allocate funds for the construction of the College. He who says that what is white will be white and what is white will be white clearly shows that he has a responsibility for the future of the youth of the state.
Even if the MDA-2 government doesn't do anything, the people will not support it.
Details of this admission are as follows.
He said 60-65% of the population of the country lives in rural areas and therefore we have to try to accelerate and increase income in rural areas through the mantra of “Sahkar Se Samridhi.
The NHRC should immediately request the Government of India to ratify the UN Convention against Torture (UNCAT) and the Government of India should introduce the Draft Prevention Bill which has been prepared for many years in the House. of Parliament as a matter to discuss and enact this Bill so that there will be protection and prevention of the police force from misusing their powers such as forcible punishment of persons arrested in their hands during the set along at the Police stations.
Implement the ILP and other National Security Acts first and only after that will they discuss the railway.
Due to the absence of the meeting with the MLA, Seiborlang Warbah has been able to talk to Banteidor Lyngdoh by telephone and urged him to speak on the demand for a revision of the Reservation Policy.
He said that there have been some people who have tried to mislead the people of the state that the VPP is trying to create ethnic differences in the state but the VPP party does not want to create any misunderstanding in the state. between the Jaintia Khasi and the Garo friends.
Shillong, Lber 09: The first meeting of the MDA-II government today decided to introduce amendments to the Contingency Fund of Meghalaya Amendment Bill The Government has introduced an ordinance to be passed into law and brought to the House.
Emphasizing the cooperation between the NPP and the Congress in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Pyniaid said, “Within the District Council, the Executive Committee is independent. batch.
The award winners include 11 students from Umtyngngar to Shella villages. In the SSLC, those who scored 85% or above were accepted. 80% above and 75% above for Degree and PhD. The President of KSU Seng Kmie, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar who was the Chief Guest in the presence of the Principal of St John Bosco. Boys Higher Secondary School, Sohra, Fr. Alphonsius Rongrin as the chief guest, Vice Principal Dr. Eligius Sawian, Rangbah Shnong Pdengshnong, Sohra and others including the wife and children of (L) Bah Lurshai. Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, July 22: All offices of the Central Government in Meghalaya today closed at noon as announced by the Central Government on the occasion of the opening ceremony of the Temple in Ayodhya.
Shillong, July 28: Meghalaya has a lot of Mawshun and it is also a good steel factory but due to the distance of the road, it has not been able to reach Odisha. Mawshun was bought from the Middle East, and it was more expensive to buy from that place.
The election of leaders is the duty of citizens of India who have reached the age of 18 years and above to be voters, and others to carry it out properly.
The MYAF cannot stand idly by in the midst of such a crisis because the Federation feels that it is only through dialogue between the leaders of the civil society and the government that peace can be restored. peace and harmony because mutual violence will not bring good but will mislead many young people who feel responsible for their own nation.
Bah Pohshna appealed to the Government and the people to turn to him and help him so that he can build a new house to live in.
According to a statement issued on 6th October 2024 by the Inspector General of Police who is also the Chairman of the Central Recruitment Board, the Meghalaya Government has made it clear that there are 2968 vacancies in the police department at various levels.
However, it is not known why he did not take it.
Oflate, many citizens have fallen victim to such type of crime and most of the individuals end up paying hefty amount of money to fraudsters for case settlement.
Dr Kharlukhi said that all his schemes reach through the DC, Block and all Dorbar Shnongs, Schools and Hospitals and the implementation has been done by them without any interference.
The ceremony of thanksgiving to the Creator has been going smoothly since the beginning of the festival on Saturday until the end of the day. rituals.
Shillong, July 17: Four persons have been killed and two others are still missing in the earthquake at Tharia in Ri Bhoi District, according to a government statement. in this sad incident.
The impact of PMMY on the economy is obvious.
During this lockdown, shops should not be closed.
I wish this new Circle to continue to work hard in the coming days.
We need to worry about population growth.
“Regarding the complaint of some of the households regarding the payment of T.100/- for their bill light to the bill light collectors, besides the bill which has not been printed by computer, we have asked MeECL, Khliehriat Revenue Sub-Division, Khliehriat, today said that there has been no order from the office to the franchisees to do so. You are responsible for the T.100/- bill light that is not installed on the office computer.
Extempore Speech competitions and others were also held during the program and awards were given to the winners of these competitions.
Paduh, one of the largest and oldest villages in the Jaintia Hills, has decided to promote tourism in the village.
Therefore, to say that they will win more than 200 seats is a big question mark for them as they do not have candidates in states like Meghalaya and North East.
For those in Shella and Sohra Assembly constituencies, please collect from the office of the SDO Sohra.
In connection with this report, a copy was also sent to the CEM JHADC, EM in charge of Elaka Affairs and also to the Dolloi of the Elaka.
Shillong, June 02: The North Eastern Electric Power Corporation (NEEPCO) today celebrated its 49th Anniversary at the Shillong Cooperative Office. shlem works my.
On receiving a tip, the police went to search for these militants in the village but while they were halfway before reaching another village known as Rongmil, these militants were carrying weapons. They opened fire on the police and the police retaliated. The shooting lasted for a short time.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Union of Chief Executive Members, Owners and Employees of Parmaw Par Shyiap, East Khasi District, Meghalaya, including Thian Mylliem, Laitkroh, Laitlyngkot and other villages under Sohra and other villages. The Civil Sib-Division held a meeting at the Dorbar Hall of Mawkdok.
The protest was led by the President of the party, Bah Peter Lawai and Bah Robert K Jahrin, General Secretary of the party.
Answering questions, he said that as a member of the Congress party, when the proposal came from the party to take over the post, he was not surprised and accepted it. He said that in the past years he has had the opportunity to conduct the dorbar as Chairman.
She said she doesn't believe that the future will be something they can't change, she believes that the future will come if they don't do anything.
On the other hand, the Umiam Police Station in Bhoi District said that these trucks have arrived today and they have to check from the documents whether these water pipes weigh how many tonnes and if more than The tone must be approved by the DC of the District.
He said, “I am happy that the Central Government has allocated over Rs 700 crore for the development of infrastructure, especially for the work of five POCSO courts. It is on the orders of the Prime Minister that he is visiting Meghalaya and Assam.
In a statement sent by the publicity secretary of the party, it said that the party strongly opposes this forced celebration of this day.
She is no longer the Minister in charge of Education and has already resigned from her post. She has done her duty while she was in charge of the government. of Dr Mukul Sangma.
The meeting was held at the Community Hall of Madan Ingsyiem Village, Mylliem. The meeting was attended by the leaders of various units of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle including the youth from the villages. FKJGP has joined the FKJGP with the aim of strengthening the Seng so that they can serve better the Dong, the Region and the Jaitbynriew as a whole.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle has vowed to close down the Karbi Hemtun Guest House if the Karbi people and the Assam Government continue to cross the border. illegal and to harass the Khasi-Pnar people living in West Jaintia Hills District.
The seizure of all the smuggled goods is very high and for this reason the BSF wants the cooperation of the BDRs to work together to curb smuggling in the area.
The ST Morcha was formed by the BJP to look after the welfare of the people of the state.
Gandhi's view that anything is right or wrong is also in our democracy.
Current and former KSU leaders took part in the commemoration by laying flowers and a moment of silence.
The Chief Minister visited the Resubelpara Community Health Center (CHC) and ordered the installation of 150 liters per minute oxygen generators which can support 15 beds.
Shillong, Nailur 29: KSU Jowai Circle today visited Kiang Nangbah Government College to inspect the college on receipt of information that there is a flood in the college.
Police have urged the public to inform the police at 0364-2225675 if anyone has seen him.
The driver of the truck, Shujumuddin Skeik, 34, died later.
Regarding the Terminal Benefit, Vice President Arju Dkhar demanded that the government should sit in the Cabinet to take a decision to pay the employees.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District has strongly condemned the statement of Dr. Don that the NDA government does not want to mine uranium in Mawthabah.
In their speeches, the elders at Madan Weiking urged the Khasi people to hold on to their own customs and traditions, religion and customs to preserve the Khasi people.
At this meeting, the union demanded that the government should help the injured and recover the lost items. They have done what they have done to the members of the UHM within a month and the UHM will no longer respect the karbi.
On the other hand, MLA Martin M Danggo and MDC Manstudy Nongrem visited Ranikor to distribute relief goods.
We the children of thousands and the residents of the village strongly oppose this.
Shillong: U Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, has sent a letter to the President of the BJP Meghalaya, Shibun Lyngdoh, informing him that he has left the BJP. BJYM President Bah Kurkalang has not given any reason for his resignation but has said that he does not want to be in the party anymore and has said that he will leave the BJP. Kurkalang has joined the NPP and it is understood that he can contest the MDC election on the 27th of next month from this party.
Justice Sen directed the complainant to get along with other members and to follow the rules of procedure of the Dorbar.
The process of getting the pass is lymbrum in the absence of social distancing. Many have questioned whether this will violate the government's requirements.
There will be people who will take advantage of this behavior and it may reach the point where it cannot be controlled. The government will not be able to sit idly by for the sake of peace and order in the state. you have to look.
On 28th June 2017, the KSU held a rally in the area to protest against the abduction of Dajied Syiemlieh by Bangladeshis. The Bangladesh Border Guard is on the border between Meghalaya and Bangladesh.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: For the first time, Meghalaya has received four women MLAs in this election and all of them are from the Congress party. Deborah CH Marak and Dikanchi D Shira, wife of Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
He said that so far there have been about two complaints regarding the violation of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC).
He stressed that through cooperation, any project can be achieved.
The Deputy Commissioner said that he will take action and send the matter to the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District and the office of the Sub Divisional Officer, Amlarem Civil Sub-Division for further action.
Therefore, the JYF urges the District Council to complete as soon as possible the renewal of the NOC of the dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills, by setting strict rules so that “They will not dare to do anything without the knowledge of the Council,” said Bah P.Majaw President of JYF Sengkmie.
He said that the laws made by the British and implemented after independence focus more on the punishment of criminals while these new laws focus on how to ensure the rights of the people. the general public.
Shillong, June 29: BSF troops on the border between Meghalaya and Bangladesh have seized 125 kilos of human smuggled sniuh from Meghalaya via East. Khasi Hills District.
The Bill will also contain many provisions that it is not only the Khatduh who will receive the benefits, if the Khatduh goes to follow her husband abroad without looking after her parents. , cannot claim ownership of property, such provisions shall also be included in this Bill.
Therefore, the union, being concerned about this problem of the people, has urged and advised the management of various banks in Jaintia Hills to issue or distribute token numbers to any person who wishes to withdraw or deposit. money, so that the people don't have to stand in line for many hours, but to listen to the call of the serial no.
On the other hand, the four organizations also appealed to the people and government employees to cooperate during these days of office blockade as a sign of solidarity with the organizations and also to oppose the state government for the sake of The SP has been dismissed from the district especially at the last minute.
He directed the States / UTs to ensure that every electorate can exercise their rights without fear or intimidation.
Many Khasi youths who are involved in various sports are facing difficulties due to the lack of attention of the government to develop in this field and the lack of a proper sports policy.
Shillong, Lber, 14: The sudden strike by the employees of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) today has caused problems to the passengers traveling abroad by rail, night super bus and air.
Shillong, Iaiong, 03: The Additional Chief Secretary in charge of Disaster Management, PW Ingty, today said that the government has allocated T.20 lakh to all the Deputy Commissioners of the districts. provide immediate assistance to people who do not need assistance in the event of a natural disaster.
On the other hand, the Co-Chairman, MSPB has decided to take these information to the MSPB to send to the Government of Meghalaya so that they can see the benefits of these Acts which are very helpful to the people.
On the other hand, Dr Kukul wanted to form a government on the 5th of this month.
According to the family members of the 23-year-old girl, the authorities in charge of the hospital did not show the report and took her away. The patient was admitted to the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) from the 17th to the 22nd where even the doctors did not visit the health of the girl.
The owner of the factory, Ravi Jain, said that since the factory was started a year or two ago, many problems have arisen and the biggest problem is that the road blockade has been called from time to time inside the factory. Goalpara district in Assam has been affected by this factory.
The Minister said that once this land is allocated to the vendors, this road will be closed to pass through this road. beware, for many are not able to walk.
Robert said they have taken this decision to conduct public awareness through the use of newspapers, Ka Sur Phawar and through public awareness campaigns across the state,” said Robertjune.
The SDDF has already met with the Prime Minister on October 26, 2022 where he promised to look into the demand of the people of Sohra.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Shakliar Warjri said that as they have seen through the media, Kong Kmoin Wahlang will be able to represent India in Australia, where she will participate in the marathon. km, 5 km, 3 km, 1.5 km and 500 meters.
St.John’s University, Kishanattam, Kerala.
Regarding the problems faced by the college, the Vice Principal of the college said that the college can send the schemes to him and they will be sent. to the State Government to do whatever is necessary, which he can do as the Governor of the State.
The estimated expenditure of T.1173.13 crore is estimated until 2010, the exact estimate will not be available until the estimate is completed as the estimate is ongoing.
Deputy Commissioners have been appointed as District Grievance Redressal Officers (DGROs).
The party stands on the ground that as Meghalaya has its own unique characteristics, in terms of customs and traditions, inheritance of wealth and others, the implementation of the UCC will the provisions and protections provided by the Constitution under Articles 29 and 244 together with the Constitution.
Referring to the peace talks with the rebel groups, the Prime Minister said that the construction of large dams should be completed in a timely manner. The NE is the Jummai crossing where you have to inspect and check carefully where you can't play with human life.
On 23/06/1973, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council was established.
The Union Home Minister listened carefully to the explanation and said that he would look into all these issues regarding the coal ban in Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters in Delhi, he said that the date of the elections will be announced in the government announcement on 31st July
There were 500 women and 455 men who came first.
Before taking up this post, Prof Amitabha was a Professor at the National Institute of Industrial Engineering (NITIE), Mumbai.
Superintendent of Police, Shillong, Davis NR Marak, IPS, has urged the city to fight to make Shillong a good city.
Shillong, March 22: The General Secretary of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) Dr CP Joshi will arrive in Shillong on the 25th of this month to attend the Congress meeting in the state.
It is said that breastfeeding also reduces infant mortality.
After this, a review meeting on the Aspirational District program was held at the Conference Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office in Nongpoh.
Shillong, Nailur 14: Eight new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state today, three from East Khasi Hills, two from Ri Bhoi, one from South West Khasi Hills and two from West Garo Hills. .
According to information received by SP News Agency, the construction of this footpath inside the village on the side of the PWD road has already been completed, which surprised the residents. The PWD has now come to ban the construction of this road.
At present, the number of cases in Meghalaya is increasing from one year to another.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong said, “Until now, we have not received (any information from the HNLC leaders).
Bah Process said that the Mawlai bypass road is very important and this will benefit not only the people of Shillong but the eastern part of the country.
The arrival of Bah Ramsiej to the party is a blessing to the party.
On the other hand, we will soon meet with the Minister I/c Education Department to discuss this issue and also send our suggestions on the Draft Education Policy which has not been implemented yet. said Bah Lurshaphrang Shangdiar, Publicity Secretary, KSU SWKH District.
“Therefore, at this meeting which started today, it was decided to set up Village Defense Parties (VDPs), which are well equipped to fight against these crimes which have started spreading to the rural areas. “It was decided that many Dorbar Shnongs will start preparing and setting up VDPs,” said the Minister.
The question now arises where to sell the MINOR LIMESTONE which will benefit the lives of those who work and export.
Also present on the occasion were the Deputy Commissioner in charge of SWGH District, Dr HDB Sangma, District Medical and Health Officer, Dr Khona A Sangma. Ampati Baptist Church, and  Webstar G.Sangma.
“The Special Judge (NIA) has rejected the final bail application on 21.08.2023 and upon receipt of the certified copy of the order dated 13.09.2023, the Bail Application No. to this Court, which concluded by granting the accused the right to apply for a fresh bail.
Therefore, on my part as a young man, I would like to write this article and if you cannot do anything, I will go to the highest authorities.
He said that in 1978, the state government had introduced the Land Transfer Act to ban the sale of land to big people, but these people to get land married Khasi. This was found during the Trading License check when a Khasi woman claimed that this is her shop and the occupant is her husband. the Khasi people and also the Jaintia Hills.
The meeting was led by Elvis Kyrsian Member of the DSC and was accompanied by Assistant Secretary Garry Lyndem. since 06/02/2
He said the most recent hearing was held in November, 2023 and the Court has fixed another date for the hearing on the 27th of January.
“He said that initially, they were taken to the house of the girl and she admitted that the two men had tried to rape her by stabbing her with a knife.
According to a letter sent by the DC to the government, all these organizations have expressed that if the government allows the import of coal from abroad, they will violate the curfew by holding a public meetings, curfews and so on.
Regarding the statehood issue, the HYC said that the HYC is based on the language in which the Khasi and Garo have their own language and culture. according to the existing boundary of the two District Councils of KHADC and JHADC. The memorandum will be submitted to the Chief Minister.
They also urged the Project Engineer of KHADC and the CEM to take action on this issue and to ensure that the first installment of the funds released by the Council will be for the benefit of the Council. The public should not allow the work of contractors.
“These cases have decreased in the northern parts of our state.
Shah said compared to the last 10 years for the North East and the 75 years since the country gained independence, this 40 years is indeed a precious time for the North East.
Another action of the MeECL authorities which has angered the employees is the change of statement of the authorities on the benefits promised to be given according to the letter they sent to the union on 10/ 04/18.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its gratitude to the government for its initiative to work with religious leaders to eradicate drugs from Meghalaya and the Jaidbynriew. Khasi.
Dwustar Lyngkhoi, who is inside the Madanryting traffic police station, when he saw that the vehicle had violated the traffic rules, he went to perform his duty but the driver of the vehicle collided with the vehicle. car and the pursuer shook hands with the police officer.
The amendments to the guidelines also allow for health care services to continue, social services to continue without interruption, and the delivery of essential goods to continue.
Shillong, July 23: AITC General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee will arrive in Shillong tomorrow morning to launch the party's election manifesto for the MLA elections to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, March 5: More than 350 school children from 12 schools in Shillong have attended a meeting to discuss the fight against tuberculosis and how to prevent it. The meeting was organized by the Kripa Foundation.
Shillong, Lber 22: U Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, his wife Anuradha, ADC Sumit Pooni and Secretary Pravin Bakshi today at 5 pm today. COVID-19 virus.
The union is ready to provide accommodation and necessities for the participants from other districts, so that it can be held smoothly and efficiently.
However, achieving this requires farmers’ cooperation and government support.
The two Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya were accompanied by two officials from Meghalaya, Additional Chief Secretary DP Wahlang and one from the Assam government.
Banshai said that besides being within the city limits, they also said that as tourists, they have to go out with their own eyes to see the incident until it is closed. “There is no staff at the PHC,” said Bah Banshai Marbaniang in a statement.
Each award carries a trophy, a cash prize of T.50,000 thousand and a silver medal.
However, when contacted by telephone, the PA of the Prime Minister said that they are looking into the process of approving the letter.
“We hope and believe that through your authority such bloody incidents will not be stopped and we pray that you will take immediate action so that it will be a message of peace by take measures to protect people’s lives and property, restore human rights and bring about unity in accordance with what is mandated by the law of the land, the Constitution of the Republic India, justice must be achieved and justice must stand firm,” the petition said.
The two speakers said that according to research, childbirth rates are high in urban areas as well as in rural areas.
He said that under the PMGSY scheme since 2018 till now, the construction of roads has been 2526 kilometers from the PMGSY, which has connected 600 villages and unlike the previous year which was only typically.
Shillong, Lber 08: The Department of Telecommunications (DoT), North East Licensed Service Areas (LSA) will hold an online meeting on the Prime Minister's Wi-Fi Access Network Interface (PM-WANI) at 11 am: 30 on October 14,
At this meeting, the UDP also decided to give its approval for the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya to prevent the influx of foreigners.
The death toll has risen to 7, of which 6 have not been vaccinated, 1 from East Garo Hills, 3 from East Khasi Hills. The death toll from West Khasi Hills has risen to 1154 so far.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The Additional Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of the General Administration (A) Department has informed the public that all government officers, courts and schools in East Khasi Hills All districts will be closed on 18th November 2018, on the occasion of the Unitarian Anniversary Day.
Bah Francis Nongdhar, Rangbah Kur Nongdhar, expressed his happiness to be able to meet with other Kurs for the third time. Other speakers and participants were Kongor A Diengdoh, Bah Kynsai M Syiem, Sordar Smit, Bah L Arun Mawrie, President, Dr. W Sohtun, President Seng Samla Sohtun, President Seng Samla Sohtun, President Seng Samla Sohtun, Secretary Dr. Theory D Myrboh Ku, Vice President Myrboh, Mr. EJ Kharshiing, President, Mr. Teibor Kharkongor, Mr. KP Nengnong, Mr. KP Nengnong, Mr. Jester Khyriemujat, Mr. P Kharshiing, Mr. P Kharshiing, Mr. P Kharshiing, Village Headman, Lawlum Smit. , the office bearers of the Smit Pyllun Youth Association, and others.
Other holidays will remain the same.
The KSU and the four civil society organizations will hold a meeting in these days, as a group to give their full support to the youth of Mawlai, the voice of the people of Mawlai, to remind that many Many bodies have fallen in the fighting in the government bullets.
During the inspection, it was found that the work has been completed up to 90%, which includes the Police Station, the Barak and also the police residences. it should be fine.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the union said that the health department under the supervision of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare should immediately upgrade this hospital to a Civil Hospital because in East Jaintia. Hills district does not have any other hospitals.
This is part of the demand of the KSU to implement the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya and also the Meghalaya Residence Safety and Security Act that picture.
Shillong, November 01: The BSF today celebrated its founding day on 1st November 1965 and this has given a sense of security on both sides of the Indian border. It borders with Pakistan to the west and Bangladesh to the east.
Shillong, March 14: The Shangpung Kickboxing Training School together with the Dorbar Shnong Shangpung Koira on 3rd October 2019 at 8:30 pm welcomed the Kickboxing Star of India Hame Shaniah Suiam who won the title of Gold and Silver medals at the X WAKO World Cup Diamond Kickboxing Championship 2019 which will be held from 24-29 September 2019 in Anapa, Russia.
Their wish for peace has not been fulfilled with the Dorbar Shnong, which is why they will seek the help of NGOs.
At the same time, the DC said that it has already been announced to the public that they will be allowed to open shops in the villages of Jowai tomorrow morning. People can call the numbers where people can buy goods and deliver them to their homes according to their needs.
Speaking to reporters at Balakhawa, he said that the Meghalaya and Assam governments are still in talks to resolve the border issue between the two states.
The three candidates announced by the Congress party today are Diolinda Dkhar from Khliehriat, Banpynshngianglang Rumnong from Pynthorumkhrah and Manas Chaudhuri from South Shillong.
Three goats, two cows and one pig were slaughtered in the presence of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, Ministers and Bakhraw of the Hima.
Mendipathar is the only railway station in Meghalaya which has been operating since 2014 after being inaugurated by the Prime Minister.
The demands of the traders have been made from time to time in the Garo Hills.
The Chief Minister said that other allowances, Winter Allowances have been increased from T.400 to T.600, Hills Allowances from T.300 to T. The daily allowances of the state government will be increased from T.700 to T.1000, the medical allowances will be increased from T.700 to T.
In a statement sent to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, the PHC at Pdengshakap should be improved and upgraded, as well as the PHC at Jarain, PHC Dawki and Padu Dispensary, as well as a CHC in Nongtalang.
The land they have taken is 42.052 hectares and is only 500 meters from these rivers.
While the GNLA militants were trying to flee to Bangladesh by blindfolding the trader, the BSF chased them away and the militants fled and left the trader at the same place. to release him or the merchant.
The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) today arrested a man named MD Raful Ali from Rongia, Assam for illegally cutting kilos of biscuits. .
In this incident, there was no injury to the people who walked in the area even though it was a busy market area as the lights did not go out at the beginning of the fire.
Five Nitrazepam tablets, two Spasmo Proxyvon tablets, 10 IV syringes, six mobile phones, a knife and T.9710 cash were also seized from the suspects. A Scooty (ML05 R 8293) was arrested.
This power of the Governor ended with the election of MDCs and took over the UKJHADC in June 1952 but the Regulations he made continue to operate like other laws. , but, as the Supreme Court has ruled in the case of Kong Byrhien Kurkalang.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: Thousands of liters of liquor were seized from Polo to Umkaliar River in a raid by the State Police today.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today inspected the venue of the KJP Eastern Synod 2018 to be held at Lum Sawai in Tynring.
The Speaker said that the meeting was very successful as there was a discussion on the part of the government to explain what it has done and at the same time the MLAs have explained and given their opinions. The government has also asked the government how to prevent the spread of the disease.
At this meeting, Donal said that there is a need for all to work together to fight against the CAA to ensure that it will not work in the North East.
He also promised that once found in the investigation, not only the cement companies will be punished but all those officers who are responsible for issuing permits or NOCs to these dewbilat factories to mine in the areas that are still in existence. it's a claw bag.
India has 100 crore voters and is the largest democracy in the world. This year, the country will go to the Lok Sabha elections. is the largest in the world.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the BJP will not appoint Himanta Biswa Sharma. Sarbananda Sonowal, the Chief Minister of Assam, has said that the Chief Minister's answer to the question is what he has to say about the BJP leader Himanta Biswa Sharma's claim that he has not confirmed that he will replace the incumbent Chief Minister of Assam. Dr Mukul Sangma should not win the 2018 election in Ampati.
Shillong, Naitung 06: Fourteen cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state today, four from East Khasi Hills, three from Ri Bhoi, six from West Garo Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills. there are 111 of them.
Regarding the peace and order of the people on the border with Karbi, the CEM said that he will visit these areas which fall under Block-II. KAADC and the MP of the area and both of them expressed their desire for peace.
It is learned that these well-packaged Ganja bags were hidden under the tarpaulins of the truck.
As the people want the road and not the conflict between anyone, the people want to see that the government should start working for the safety of traffic but as it is now they I have heard only these words.
On the other hand, the KSU has sent this statement to the state government not to hold municipal elections, but to decide to immediately cancel this proposal and allow the village governance system to continue as usual. it was.
On this occasion, the Secretary of Kyrphei Village also delivered a speech of encouragement and encouragement.
The number of cases by district is 61 cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from Eastern West Khasi Hills, 11 cases from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from South West Garo Hills, 22 cases from West Garo Hills and 2 cases from West Jaintia Hills. 5 cases, 4 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi.
The union requests clarification from the authorities at the entry point how these authorities can enter without being tested for covid1
For the MLAs, the salary has been increased from T.34,000/- to T.60,000/- while other payments to the MLAs, which receive T.5000/-, have been increased to T. .15,000/- for telephone bill and other expenses has been increased to T.11,000/-, T.3000/- has been increased to T.10,000/-, T.7000/- - Increased to T.14,000/- The salary from T.6000/- has been increased to T.12,000/- and the total monthly salary of the MLA has been increased to T.1,21,000/- - amount.
The injured were taken to various hospitals in Shillong and Jowai.
There are many such problems where the electricity bill has increased too much from 500 or 600 tyngka to tens of thousands of tyngka. They shall cooperate and inform and bring sufficient evidence so that he too can take immediate action.
Shillong, June 07: The Lum Jingthang Committee of the Seng Khasi, Shillong, has announced that the cleanliness program of the Seng Khasi, Jaiaw, Shillong, which is scheduled to be held on the 26th of This date is June
Three deaths have been reported from East Khasi Hills, two from East Khasi Hills and one from South West Khasi Hills.
On the other hand, the RBYF has agreed to what the government has promised because the most important thing for them is that those who have been dismissed should get jobs again.
Gareth Bonellouba, a musician from Wales, United Kingdom, has invited him to perform with him at the Rajasthan International Folk Festival (RIFF) in Jodhpur (2022).
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Deputy Chief Minister in charge of Road Construction, Bah Prestone Tynsong, in reply to a question by Zenith M Sangma regarding the Mawlai By-Pass, said in the House. The road was funded in 2012 and the length of the road is 5.50 km and the width of the color is 7.00 meters.
Combert joined the HNLC in 1996 from Sonatila village in Patharkandi, Karimganj, Assam.
Meanwhile, in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Lambor Sing Nongrum from Nongkrem, Nongspung-Sohing, Nathaniel Osbert Rymbai, Mairang Lambok Nongrang, Pariong Ionis Lyngdoh, Kimfa Marbaniang and Laban Mawprem Moon Lyngdoh.
Jowai, June 20: The AJYWO Central Body has congratulated the police of Jowai Police Station for their hard work in the arrest of Ioannis Pala, Chairman of Pala Group. NBFC) operating in West Jaintia Hills District until 2013, the company under the leadership of Ioannis Pala has been accused of embezzling tens of lakhs of rupees from the people of the company. .
The meeting discussed the decision of the NGT regarding the 45.41 hectare water well , which will be discussed again tomorrow morning in the village centre , the Forest Department and the MLA have set up a meeting to discuss how to do this.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The Lyngdoh of Riad Mylliem, Bah C Marbaniang, on Tuesday said that the crematorium at the old Mylliem Market has been given to the Khasi Seng by three kurs and one kur. signed and approved by the king of the kingdom.
There are 159 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 99 from West Garo Hills, 21 from South West Garo Hills and 17 from South West Khasi Hills. The total number of cases is 89293 to date.
Shillong, June 08: The Meghalaya Officers' Association (MSA) today handed over T.41,92,000/- to the Chief Minister's Relief Scheme. Found For COVID-19".
I heard that they were sending electricity.
Police are awaiting the postmortem report and will search for the perpetrators.
The workshop was attended by Dr. Workman Lyting, AH & Veterinary Officer, Ri-Bhoi and officers of the Training Basin Development Unit. , Ri-Bhoi, who attended the training, Mr. WJ Nongrum and Mr. Raymond R. Lyngdoh.
“KAS will wait for a reply from the Central Government within the requested time and that will be before the session of Parliament and if the demand is not met, KAS will take other measures to hold the meeting. said Professor Nonglait.
The opening of this parking lot is only a small beginning, despite the many challenges they face.
When SP News Agency reached Bholagangh, Majai, it was seen that the deterioration of the road is excessive and the drivers said that due to the high cost of the road, they have to pay. to travel for two days to reach Bangladesh on a road between 8 and 7 kilometers long.
What the Assembly has to do is to break the rules of the House and according to rule 177, it has to inform all the members of the House when the House is not in session. , if the council sits in the council, he shall read in the council.
However, this is the life and death of the nation,” he said.
With the commencement of construction of the two medical colleges in the state, this will help in recruiting doctors.
Shillong, July 11: The Ministry of Earth Science today held a one-day meeting at the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) to mark the 127th Anniversary of the Earthquake. Jumai Bah in Khasi Hills in 1897 with the participation of other environmental groups.
“This is not the first time that these marches have been held, except for the Congress party,” said CLP leader Dr. Amapreen Lyngdoh.
Therefore, the Commission will look for ways and means to make and other necessary changes by increasing the resources available to the state and also by implementing them properly.
Finally, the FKJGP Seng Kmie and the Mawlai Circle are filled with joy for the 25th Anniversary of the FKJGP.
A total of 15,955 degrees were awarded at the Convocation today, of which 117 are PhD, 8 are M.Phil, 1559 are PG degrees and 14,271 are Bachelor's degrees.
However, the school children seem not to believe anything because they are still thinking and taking advantage of the confusion of the Covid-19 pandemic.
Shillong, March 17: U Bah AL Hek, Minister in charge of Agriculture and Rural Development, today inaugurated the Aqua Festival held at the State Central Library in the presence of Director of Dohkha, Aitinolin Mawlong and others.
Speaking as an explanation at the meeting, he said that many of the MDCs don't know the Sixth Schedule, don't know how to administer it, that's why there will be a demand that there will be no more jobs. the Sixth Schedule due to the actions of some who have been able to hold power.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Meghalaya government today said that it has seen the news released by the HNLC through the media and if the government does not release Lamphrang Kharbani, the HANM leader will call for a four-day office blockade.
The BSF has handed them over to the police for further investigation.
One of the visitors who was present at the time greeted the former President of India and this reminded him that he should have a goal and work for that goal. .
The DGP said that in the past four months, Meghalaya Police have seized 3.62 kilos of heroin, 4500 kilos of Ganja, 150 grams of Opium, 145 billion narcotics. 11902 skins, the total value of which has reached T.18.33 crore.
On the other hand, the KSU has alleged that as a minister, he has failed to bring the C&RD Block into Warsan Lyngdoh and Wahkaji.
"We are hopeful that we will win again this time too," he said.
Shillong, July 04: The BJP Leader in charge of Meghalaya, Dr.M Chuba Ao, on Tuesday said that many of the people of the state have not received the benefits of the BJP government under the leadership of the Prime Minister. India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched many schemes.
The purpose of the Roll Ball Tournament is to promote this new sport in the State and also to develop the talents of the youth who have an interest in this sport. how.
The most prominent MDCs who have filed their nominations are Teinwell Dkhar Chairman of KHADC, Ban Basaiawmoit of PDF, former CEM of KHADC Rangkynsai Makdoh and NPP Leader Pyniaid Syiem. Shillong, June 07: The KSU Warsan Lyngdoh Circle has registered its nomination papers. and Nongtynniaw unit on the government's intention to mislead the public with its intention to implement a road project not related to uranium.
The synjuk discussed how to strengthen the elders in the parishes as more elders are needed to share the burden of the church and the meeting agreed to take up this issue.
Anyone who has found or found this child is kindly requested to call this office at the following numbers: Chairperson CWJ-9436106041, Secretary CWJ-(M) 9436111007/(O) /1098.
On the other hand, the CSWO said that if the government delays in publishing this report, it is because the government wants to protect the people who have been mentioned in the investigation if any.
“Ribhoi Police have conducted a raid and seized 4750 kilos of Ganja and the drugs were smuggled from Tripura through Meghalaya and we have arrested the suspects. the case is under investigation," he said.
In this regard, the KHADC will have to call again to examine the documents to find out the truth.
On the other hand, the opposition demanded that the government should talk to the Assam government to bring back Bah Michael Warjri to Meghalaya. you don't have responsibility you just want to be in power without understanding.
At the same time, he urged the Chief Minister to convene a meeting of the MDA to discuss the issues so that there will be confidence in the working relationship within the MDA. It is not their responsibility to speak because it is up to the party leaders at the top and speaking in the media affects the party that is in the government.
Those who do this are the destroyers of human life, as if they are equating human beings with those who have no life.
After the MDC elections, the HSPDP won the majority of MDCs and elected Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit as CEM of the House on 08 October 2014 and he remained in office until 30 November
The Pa,in Balajied Syiem of Hima Khyriem has been elected as the Treasurer of KCTCH. On this occasion, five Sirdars have been elected as the Executive Committee members. , Ministers, four Rangbah Shnongs and two others will be appointed by the KHADC.
Jowai, Nailur 07: The Wahiajer Mission Center Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian (WMC) Mihngi consisting of four Presbyteries has donated blankets to the poor families. He was born in Nongjngi village in West Jaintia Hills District.
Minister Duh spoke on the role of geospatial technology in bringing about inclusion and economic development.
The KJCLF urges the leaders to conduct trainings from time to time, especially in this struggle for employment, and congratulates the youth of the state who have been able to develop themselves. In the midst of many difficulties, it will be difficult because thirty years have passed and there is no need to judge again.
The road leading to the Red Cross was damaged.
This allegation of these three persons has mislead the people, but according to the Sixth Schedule there is a Trading by Non Tribal Act and the purpose of this is to protect the Tribals, the KHADC has not done anything. more than they have allegedly done according to the provisions of the law.
The Vice President of the HNPM said that a foreigner has also been involved in the trading license of KHADC. The party also supports the EC led by Bah Ardent. will continue in her work for kari and the nation.
For the short games, the first prize winner will receive T.4000/-, the second prize winner T.2000/- and the third prize winner T.1000/- on the last date of submission. The election will be held on 30th March 2021 at the Computer Room of the Sub Divisional Officer (EL) Mairang.
In this regard, he said that the implementation of the project will also involve a fee to the Council which is different from the price stipulated in the building bye law of the State Government.
On the other hand, the president of LYWA said that as a villager of the area, he understands that this road will be constructed to achieve the goal of mining uranium. give birth.
The meeting was attended by the Union Minister in charge of DONER Paban Singh Ghatowar, the Minister of State for Road Construction, the Chief Ministers of the region and the Ministers in charge of the department. road construction.
Police on receiving the complaint have launched an investigation.
The CoMSO expects the Prime Minister to do the same against the CAB. Regarding the MRSS Act, the CoMSO has expressed its gratitude to the government for introducing the provisions of the MRSS Act. ILP Act, but they cannot say anything yet because it is still in the hands of the Governor.
Referring to Meghalaya, he said that by 2030, Meghalaya will become a prosperous state in all aspects including income generation by implementing various schemes in the state.
He explained that according to the rules of procedure of KHNAM, Article 10 stipulates that the CEC of the party shall be elected by public election and Article 11 stipulates that the term of office shall be fixed or fixed. until the new office bearers are re-elected.
Dr. Tamdor Marbaniang, Lecturer, Nongstoin College was the chief guest.
The purpose of this exhibition is to raise awareness among the youth that through this government department there are many opportunities for the youth to get training to train themselves so that they can start their own businesses by introducing They have attended special training sponsored by the MSSDS and the Labor Department (ITIs).
During the meeting, the Chief Minister of Assam explained the reports prepared by the Regional Committees set up by Assam and Meghalaya which were submitted to the Minister of Home Affairs. the federal government today.
Kharkrang said that tomorrow morning they can file charges in the court on 15 cases and 15 other cases will be filed in the coming days. .
In the 86-92kg and Super Heavyweight 92kg-plus categories, Sanjeet, who won the Asian Championship 2021, of Services won by unanimous vote against Vicky of by All India Police.
The BSF from time to time has arrested Bangladeshi smugglers into India and the BSF has now tightened its security at the border.
On the other hand, the Seng doesn't want to say anything but just to remind how he turned away the Jaitbynriew and the people of West and South West Khasi Hills District in
Doichong Buchem and Piketoy Zhimo from Nagaland along with Siddharth Kakkar from Punjab were among the designers who took part in the two-day fest which was held in Jalandhar, Punjab.
“On the part of the Seng, we will continue to be vigilant and conduct more and more searches so that we can prevent the entry and exit of foreigners in this beloved country from now on,” he said. " he said in a statement.
“Prime Minister Duh explained about his visit to Bali ahead of the G-20 Summit where he said world leaders wanted to know about the success of the Digital India programme.
If it is found that no one has given money, kyiad or any other goods during this period, the punishment shall be for both the giver and the receiver, that is, imprisonment for one year and a fine.
The training started today 21/11/2023 and will end on 11/12/2023 . During these three months , they will develop their strategies on how to fight against any threat especially to fight against insurgents and air combat in accordance with the changing times and in the mountainous areas.
The former Governor of Meghalaya has also served as Governor of Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh and Delhi.
The kurs who have been invited to take part in this football tournament but have not yet arrived. Those who have requested to register but who have not yet received their documents are the kurs, Kharbyngar, Kharumnuid, Lyngdoh. Pyngrope, Marbaniang, Rynjah, Kharmuti, Tariang, Kharbikh, War Malai, Sun and Kurbah.
“The opportunities are up to you, this country can give you many opportunities.
Swami Divyaswarupananda Maharaj, Centre-In-Charge, thanked and praised the hard work of the teachers for making the program a success.
According to the discussion, there are some issues regarding the announcement of the results and the issuance of the original marksheets to the teacher trainees.
The book was then distributed to the teachers from the 3 respective schools, members of MTAACS and executive members of the community.
With the outbreak of COVID-19, the government has taken many measures to expedite the construction of the school and urged the contractor to continue the construction of the school. of the MLA to acquire the land, the work is scheduled to be completed in November 2022.
Guwahati, Nailar 24: The two-day Azadi celebration of Amrit Mahotsavba organized by the Regional Outreach Bureau, Guwahati ended today.
At the same time, the Congress party wants the ILP in Meghalaya to be implemented and the Sixth Schedule to be strengthened in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the chiefs urged the CEM to set up a committee to look into this matter.
Under the CGTMSE, 5,46,127 credit facilities worth T.33,381 crore have been approved.
We have not seen any work they have done for our people to be peaceful or that the authorities who have invaded the Bri u Hynniewtrep will be expelled from our land.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Augster Jyrwa General Secretary of the party. Others who laid flowers at the statue of Kiang Nangbah in Shillong today. Shillong, November 20: The District Council Affairs Department of the Meghalaya Government has not yet sent the names of the nine MDCs who have won the by election announced on the 16th of this month. date of this month.
On the other hand, NEHUSU has urged the VC to immediately remove Nantu Das from the University so that such incidents will not happen again.
Before sending the petition to the Government through the State Government, the KHADC will hold a final meeting on the 8th in the presence of both the ADCs, Sengbhalang and Chief Executive Members.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The Department of Science at the Synod College has now reached its 25th anniversary.
The distribution of PPEs is part of the celebration of the 70th birth anniversary of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi and the celebration is known as the Sewa Saptah.
(MEPA) on Tuesday met with the Union Minister of Information and Broadcasting, Manish Tiwari and praised him for giving his full support to these writers and journalists. Meghalaya's news agency.
As we look at numerous opportunities for development through cooperation after the COVID pandemic period, we once again have common ground to elevate our relationship to another level.
He said that after the testing center has completed the test, it will have to send the report to the central government and the central government will send it to the government and after that it will be able to inform the public.
Because of the increase in seats, now the children of the poor can also become doctors and achieve this, he said.
He said that the employees of the MTC have sent a letter to the management of the MTC but no one has listened to their demand. who reappointed them.
To do this, it is necessary to conduct a thorough investigation to ensure that it does not affect the fish in the state.
Haleem Miah, who was arrested by the police recently from Nongthymmai, is a student at one of the schools. University of Private Sector in Shillong.
Shillong, July 18: Looking back on the past two months of lockdown and the struggle to curb the spread of the corona virus, we cannot say that we as a nation have faced many challenges.
Bah Banshai asked the PWD and PHE departments whether there is any part of the private sector or the PWD that if they dig the road to run the water tanks, they have to cover it. finished running the water tanks.
“The praise we have received from the players and officers from different states has been very encouraging,” he said. very difficult task.
It is true that many times it is impossible to resolve issues within the party alone. This is the reason why these news appear. I have a visit to Delhi and I have been told that they will have to sit down again to talk.
The Prime Minister appealed to the people to cooperate with the government in the fight against the disease.
He said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has provided people at the entry points and they will be tested by Antigen test and if they test positive by Antigen they will not be considered positive and will not be tested. Quarantine for 14 days.
Shillong, July 28: The office of the Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills District has received a tip that some people have spread garbage along the GS Road especially at the Umiam tourist spot in Mawiong and this has polluted the environment.
The Model Code of Conducts shall come into force immediately in Districts without polling stations and in Constituencies without mid-term elections.
“Therefore, the first line of defense to curb this is the immediate implementation of the ILP and also to fully release the provisions of the Citizenship Amendment Act in the state,” said Bah Synrem.
There are 679 recoveries so far, 43,872 samples have been tested, 42137 negative and 315 results are pending.
In the midst of the brightness of heaven, the priests, men and women, took part in the Holy Mass.
The leader of the opposition in the KHADC, speaking to media after a meeting with the Minister in charge of District Councils, said that the petition is in line with the intention of the central government. to amend Article 7 of the Constitution of India.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 41 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 17 in West Garo Hills and 6 in Ri Bhoi. Hills 3, North Garo Hills 1, 933 cases have been confirmed so far.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Johnnystar Marwrie, Chairman of the Dorbar Kur Mawrie, explained to the public about the demand to preserve the customs and traditions of the Mawrie Kur. that they are the original snapshots of the Khasi culture and traditions which will be a source of knowledge for the future.
Maligoan, June 07: Police of the Railway Protection Force (NF Railway) have seized an AK-47 rifle along with a magazine, two homemade rifles. One person escaped and two others were arrested by the railway police.
Some of the staff of the office said that the MGNREGS scheme has not appeared as a Work Load within the operation of the Post Office. The Sub Post Master cannot clear the checks from the BDO's office and will have to send them to Shillong first. he shall not pay the money to the owners of the money.
According to the Sordar Shnong, Bah EB Marngar, the earthquake occurred at about 6.30 pm.
On this occasion, the Minister also urged the people to cooperate with the government in bringing about development projects for the people.
Speaking to media, the party's secretary, Reniktone L Tongkhar, said that the party's demand to amend Para-12(a) has been a long time coming. demanded that para 12(a) of the Sixth Schedule should be deleted and para 12(b) replaced.
The injured were taken to Nongstoin Civil Hospital for treatment.
Those who give advice to the government will have to see whether that advice has been implemented.
The smuggling of drugs from India to Bangladesh has been on the rise in recent months and the BSF on the border are on high alert to ensure that the smugglers do not get away.
Availability and prices of medicines at all dispensing centers have to be communicated immediately.
Shillong, Naitung 7: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and the Deputy Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong regarding the allegation of corruption in the government. It is related to the Sabhyaga scheme.
The subject of Computer Science will be held on the same day as the subject of Vocational.
The Behdienkhlam festival will end on the 3rd of November.
On the opening day of the Ahaia, a rally was held in which more than 1000 people took part. The participants included church leaders, school children, youth, businessmen. , the United Christian Peace Forum, NGOs, civil society leaders, elders, and others also carried banners with slogans.
Teachers, in schools, colleges, universities, sports grounds, sports equipment, in educational institutes, and other departments, and said that the draft sports policy and youth policy issued The Draft Sports Policy has almost been completed and the Sports Department will soon submit these recommendations to the State Government for a final decision on the implementation of these policies. work.
Pala said the refusal of the Assam government led by Himanta Biswa Sarm to allow him to enter from Guwahati shows that the NPP-led government may have links with the BJP government in Delhi.
She received a solar water pump and training in tit cultivation, pesticide-free farming and pest control methods.
The general provision states that-“(4) All parties and candidates shall publicly refrain from all acts which are “corrupt” and which are contrary to the electoral laws, such as extortion of money from followers, threatening followers, improper treatment of followers, collecting payment within 100 hours from employees, holding public meetings within 48 hours at the end of the hour and to carry in chariots the followers from and to the budjied bases.
The meeting was conducted by Vincent Makri Member of the CEC in charge of the Eastern Central Unit. Raymond Kharjana, CEC member in charge of Eastern Central Unit, said:
The MDC said he supports the KSU and FKJGP who have opposed.
Members of these organizations are requested to attend the appointment of office bearers of the NEIPF Unit Meghalaya, said Bah KS Rani Vice President HNYF Central Body.
RDA Co Chairman Martle Mukhim, a well-known politician, said that the performance of the local political parties in the past years is proof that if the UDP and HSPDP work together, the candidate will win. Therefore, the party has no doubt that Bah Robert will win the upcoming elections.
He said that the surprising thing is that even after the High Court has cleared the landlord, the government has opened another weight bridge nearby and has taken away all the employees including the weight bridge. The Directorate of Mineral Resources (DMR), the Transport Department and the Forest Department have also stopped working at the weigh bridge.
This will be a sign of the cultural unity of Gujarat and the North East under the Ek Bharat, Shrestha Bharat announced by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, he added.
