Ardent admitted that the Khasi-Jaintia population is 48% while the Garo population is 32% and through the population alone, the Reservation Policy is not understood. you need to arrange this according to your needs.
The Meghalaya Government has not paid the salaries of SSA Teachers for three months. The Minister of State for Education has said that the Meghalaya Government cannot make SSA Teachers Teachers of the State. incorporate them into the State Education Department.
In the Tura seat, South Tura led by the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma had the lowest turnout of 69.60 per cent, while Rajabala had the highest turnout of 87.85 per cent. percent.
Furthermore, this updated test method has been published in the CSIR-CCMB publication and by other scientific bodies in various publications across the globe.
Speaking at the ceremony, UDP leaders BG Momin, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Dr Donkupar's youngest brother Sainkupar, The meeting was conducted by Bah T.Chyne MDC Sohra and the ceremony was conducted by Rev C Khongwir of Jaiaw Church.
Thus, it has saved more than Rs 1 lakh crore from the pockets of the poor and needy families.
Police suspect that the suspect may be involved in the murder.
After extensive preparations, she arrived at base camp on June 17 and reached the cliffs of Mount Everest on January 21,
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma today told the members of the Joint Action Committee of Narpuh Elaka that he will inaugurate the Narpuh C&RD Block on the 26th of this month.
In his speech, Bah Metbah said that it may be a misfortune or a misfortune, but the truth is that Dr Donkupar Roy is the only one who died while in office. He was the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and it was on this basis that this statue of him was unveiled inside the Legislative Assembly today.
In this episode of Mann Ki Baat, Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke about SikariTissauna Karbi district in Assam, who has been following the Karbi language for 20 years.
: The Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association (PLHA) has expressed its deep sorrow and condolences to the family of Singhania who lost their house due to a fire on Saturday. Last month, the Seng also expresses its condolences to the family members of the deceased.
“The reply of the Prime Minister today does not impress us as a party and does not impress the Hon'ble MLA Bah Sungoh or other Leaders of the Legislative Assembly.
In this meeting, the opposition pointed out the reply of the Minister of Home Affairs in his reply to a question on Tuesday and why now it says that it cannot be discussed on this issue.
The Pariksha Pe Charcha is an annual program in which the Prime Minister answers questions related to the stress of examinations and other related issues raised by students. questions in this live program.
This was on the 11th October, 2015 in the Assembly,” said Babu Ron.
When the HLC met many times, it was agreed that the land under the Hima Mylliem should be handed over to the state so that the government can get it. they want to make fun of them.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Harlinstar President of the Kur, Bah Tenistar, Bah Bakstar, Bah Bajop and Bah Diskhemlang.
The death toll from Ri Bhoi District has risen to 1307 with one death today.
I would also like to congratulate the nurses and doctors who have worked day and night for the patients in various hospitals in the fight against COVID-19, said Justice Paul Lyngdoh, Education Secretary. KSU Jaintia Hills District in a statement.
The army, CRPF and police are attacking the Khasi.
Other decisions taken at the Cabinet meeting were on the medical expenses of retired judges and the term of office of Muktiars as Judges. he worked in the field.
People will be allowed to walk and stand only for those people who need to go to health centers and to hand over tika, to farm and those who farm and those who carry food items. vehicles to move carrying related commercial goods ba d foodstuffs.
The expansion of the border of the country or the trade of India is a threat that has affected the Hynniewtrep people in all aspects.
In this complaint, the Youth Wing of KHNAM party has sent a letter from the office of the Director General of Police, Meghalaya, in which his name is on sl No
“Earlier, the Minister in charge of Agriculture, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that there are 46 Processing Units which also have workshops, solar tunnel dryers. ), and Soaked Pits installed in 21 Block of 10 Districts.
On the other hand, the students' union at the university said that if possible, the various political parties should be released from the protests if they are still ahead for the smooth running of the examinations at the university. Sir.
He said that according to the report of the SDMA, the worst damage has been in Eastern West Khasi Hills due to the cold and storm in which up to 14 villages have been affected. and up to 69 houses were damaged including two schools were damaged by the storm and cold.
They said that their demand is that NEHU should recognize as full time employees those who have worked for more than 50 years, those who have worked for more than 50 years at NEHU Shillong and Tura Campus has about 250 students, according to the decision of the Supreme Court of India.
The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya strongly condemns the decision of the Executive Committee, KHADC, under the leadership of Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, MLA & MDC, Chief Executive Member (CEM) and Bah KP Pangniang. , MLA & MDC, Executive Member, I/C Elaka, members of the HSPDP, who issued an order on 19th May 2014 to destroy and destroy the customs and traditions which have existed for more than 100 years in the country. Hima Malaisohmat, where the order decided and ordered to hold the election of a Syiem by the people.
However, this peace agreement is not clear to this day.
On the other hand, Ms Lyngdoh denied that there is a difference of opinion within the party in the block.
Speaking to media after the filing of nomination papers, he said that the CAB is dead, they have opposed it as a party and have submitted a petition to the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
On the other hand, these leaders have donated about 20 byrni of cement because this area of ​​Ri khunswet needs to build a shetja house with a small amount of money.
The Joint Action Committee of Sohiong Hima, after receiving a complaint from Mawtamur Village, on Monday visited the area to investigate whether it is true that Assam has come to clean up the area. the fields on the other side of the river Umor to build a road.
He informed that a new program will be launched to promote research and innovation in the pharmaceutical industry through centers of excellence which will strengthen income generation and create new job opportunities.
This is also an example that the Government should turn its attention to the rural areas and especially to this village.
In a letter to the President of the party, Sanbor said that he has confidence in him as a leader but at the same time he should be disciplined in speaking to the media. News to speak against the government in which the BJP is also involved, but it should be spoken in the right place.
Vincent H Pala alleged that the collapse of the Dome has been caused by corruption and to blame the company that took the contract to build the Legislative Assembly.
Or they can go to the bank to get a new 500 and 1000 tyngka notes and this can be done for 4000 tyngka per day with their IDs. 10th of this month 2016 up to T.10000/- per day and T.20000/- per day, there is no restriction on debit cards or credit cards. use.
On Saturday, a powerful IED bomb exploded in Iewmawlong, Shillong.
On the part of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, he expressed his gratitude to the CIFT team, Director Dr Ravishankar CN; Dr MM Prasad, Principal Scientist; Dr Asha, Senior Society of Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) who have been able to bring about this project.
Boys Higher Secondary School.
This Dur-im has a pleasant appearance along with the skilled tyngshops.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by MLA W.Shylla, Minister of Home Affairs Bah Lahkmen Rymbui and government officials. part to build the Mini Secretariat.
There is no time left to sleep, the voice of the crowd is loud, but it is still lyngngai.
The union invites all the alumni of the college to attend the meeting to elect the new office bearers of the union.
Modi added that steps have been taken to make life easier for retired players.
First of all, the HYC Sohiong Circle would like to congratulate Bah Teibor Pathaw EM in charge of Labor of KHADC and the Enforcement Police of KHADC for taking the initiative to close the doors today 26th June. , 2019 to M/S Unique Structure and Tower Limited, Umsohïong on the complaint of the Seng on 24th June,
He said that Momin had awarded the tender after receiving the money as a boina but today it was canceled due to the opposition of many. model code of conduct.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Deputy Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Sanbor Shullai, who is also the President of the Irish Shullai Puja Committee, Bishnupur, on Tuesday said that the allegations against the committee as published in the newspapers. long the shisha.
"“According to the soskular signed between Syiem Bamon Sing Syiem, who was the former Syiem of the Hima Maharam and the elders of the Raid in 1944, the present Syiem of the Hima Maharam has violated the agreement. social.
New Delhi, Lber 23: As the temperatures rise during the summer months, fires in hospitals have turned into a disaster.
MRB is a bank supported by the Central Government and the Government of Meghalaya and has 76 branches in the state and 56 in the rural areas.
According to the estimates, there are 134 employees and some have not yet received their salaries. Among them, some have worked for more than 12 years. They demanded that those who have worked for five years or more should be recognized as full-time government employees under the Assured Carried Progressive Scheme (ASPS).
Her leadership, hard work and compassion should be commended.
Referring to the BJP's decision to support the NPP, Kharjahrin said, “Let us be clear, they have worked together in Parliament for many years, they have supported the CAB, they have do a lot of things together, and I’m not even surprised that they would have a partnership.
This mission is a way to ensure the dignity of women and girls by employing them.
During the meeting, the Union Minister was also informed that in Meghalaya it is the woman who looks after her parents and if she is taken to Guwahati it will be a big problem.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The sudden passing away of Bah Lambok Thabah Editor of Nongsain Hima newspaper has shocked not only the journalists of Meghalaya but also those abroad. Messages have flowed to express their sorrow over this sudden death.
The Assistant Revenue Officer has been directed to submit a report on the allocation of funds for the payment of the fine.
The total number of COVID-19 positive cases in East Khasi Hills District is 255, while BSF personnel alone are 198 cases. , 53 others and 4 other troops.
The award was presented by Bah HT Snaitang, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Maharam Syiemship.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: A bus carrying passengers from Chennai to Baghmara in South Garo Hills District has overturned near Dudnoi. Others were injured and the injured were taken to hospital.
When the EC introduced the Second Amendment Bill, 2018 in the House, all 28 MDCs unanimously approved it.
The government wants the investigation to be independent, the transfer is time bound not only to the officer mentioned by the leader of the opposition.
He said that he did not think that the RDA leaders could elect him as the candidate for the Shillong Seat and said on what basis did these leaders elect him as the RDA candidate. for he was only the least in rank compared to the others.
The documentary was directed by Wanphrang Diengdoh.
However, the leaders of these two organizations stand firm to demand that the CEM should immediately remove those who have already been appointed and send an advertisement to those who have already been appointed. Various posts have been appointed since the past years and months so that all the job seekers will have the opportunity to sit for the interview at various levels.
“He said that many projects have already been implemented and there will be more projects to come aimed at protecting, conserving water and water sources.
He said there are some concerns and discussions have been held to resolve them.
He said that the government expects that the second round of peace talks will be held between the government and the leaders of the party The government is ready to talk.
The DMHO has sent this letter to the DC to issue this announcement after it was found that 20 people have tested positive for COVID-19 due to contact with a person who has not been infected.
The KSU also reminded the Director of the promise to conduct the survey at various Computer Centers in Shillong for the purpose of conducting the CBT System Examination.
The University urges anyone with information about this incident to come forward to assist in the investigation,” the statement said.
It was informed in the House that the road will be 38.26 km long. The preparations for the acquisition of the land have been completed and all that remains is to send the money to the Deputy Commissioners to pay. that trai bag.
Shillong, Lber 03: The Deputy Commissioner and District Election Officer of East Khasi Hills District today informed the General Secretary of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) that a meeting will be held on Monday regarding the outbreak of COVID-1 The party has decided to recall the votes from the 20th Mylliem (ST) Assembly Constituency.
It was also found that there is no vaccine for those aged 45 years and above and the government has announced to give vaccine injections from 18 years and above to 44 years but till now they have not received the injection, said the leaders.
On this occasion, the Minister in charge of Culture and Heritage, Bah Sanbor Shullai said that the government will set up a committee to look into these types of books which the people still want from the department. the government will do what is necessary.
Answering questions, Bah Aiban said that the purpose of the award is to encourage sports teams to come and take part in this football tournament organized by the association.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the producer and director of the film, Commander Shangpliang, said that it has been decided to continue for another day as many people are still coming to support the film.
Two persons were killed in the same well in Pomlakrai village.
On this occasion, there was a mass rally from Mawmaram and Sophoh Pyrton villages, together with parents and school children of these two villages in which they wrote on placards that they do not want liquor shops.
The Puja has started today and the dedication ceremony will be held on 24/10/2
According to a recent international report, the spread of electronic devices in urban areas of India has affected the health of the people especially the eyes.
Shillong, March 08: To prevent the smuggling of foreigners into Meghalaya, the state police have arrested four Bangladeshis from Rongara village.
The Urban Customer Service Points were inaugurated by the Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh as the chief guest in the presence of SBI General Manager (Network II), Farooque Shahab and others. invite.
The Langrin Youth Welfare Association (LYWA) strongly condemns the UCIL's disregard for our customs and traditions.
Speakers on the occasion included Bah Ritswel Kharsati, President, Michael Sohtun, Secretary, Bah Kroi Sohtun, former Rangbah Kur of the Sohtun Kur, Leaders of the Sports Club Sohtun Mawsohlur. , Mawpyrshong and others who expressed their readiness to work hard and also to work hard to win the upcoming MLA election for Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
These initiatives are the ones that will go hand in hand with the world for bringing clean energy and increasing regional energy production.
Police from the Drugs Department have tested the drug dealer at the scene and confirmed that the powder seized from his body was contaminated with drugs. heroin weighing 1.58 grams was found in the golden tins.
Three households, Komola Bostola, Priya Karki and Shanti, have been living in the house owned by Bah Daman Bareh which caught fire at 3 pm this morning. Liam and his shopkeepers have all been destroyed.
The aim of the Shillong Literary Festival is to promote storytelling, writing, music and others.
“I have read the report of the Niti Aayog which says that there is a tax on agricultural income,” he said.
Today, two districts have tested positive for COVID-19, South Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills.
: ka mut: the mutdei that breaks the bread shano re shano;
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC said that the EC will immediately summon the heads of GSI to discuss and clarify the NOC which has already been issued to them to inspect the availability of property. At the same time, the CEM said that to investigate the mineral resources is what happens by the GSI because it wants to know the availability of mineral resources. land in this state.
According to the directives of the Prime Minister, all Government departments are struggling to fill the vacant posts which have been sanctioned in Mission Mode.
On the first day, 86 male and female dancers came to participate.
The eastern part of the country attracts a lot of tourists through its beauty, cultures and festivals.
The Prime Minister Narendra Modi's mission is to eradicate corruption and this payment of money through banks whether to employees or government employees is helping the people and the people now. they accept.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the management, the general secretary of the MTC, K Rumnong, said that they have temporarily suspended their protest to allow the management of the MTC to At this meeting, the MD said that the government has decided to release another T.90 lakh for their salaries.
At the same time, the union has lodged a complaint with the DC regarding the inability of the NHAI to build footpaths on both sides of the road. Especially inside the village of Pohthaw, to the Narpuh areas there is not a single footpath.
This promise of the government has prompted the supporters of Bah Danggo to throw away the Congress flag (from which Bah Danggo won as MLA in the election on 27th October) and join the National People's Party (NPP). Leaders of the Ranikor Civil Sub-Division Demand Committee also expressed their gratitude to the state government and the Chief Minister.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: As part of the Digi Dhan Mela, the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre, Shillong has organized a drawing competition for the children of East Khasi Hills District. for children aged 12 to 16 years and for children aged 12 to 16 years.
The Government wants to get the opinion of the people on this issue by convening meetings to discuss the opinion by holding a special meeting with the Chief Executive Members, the Sengg bhalang and the public in all districts of the state.
Meanwhile, Ranikor Constituency had the highest turnout with 80.55 percent.
The suspect was identified as Vicky Ahamed, 33, of the area.
To recall that during the meeting with the Syiem of Sohra Hima and the Ministers at Mawjrong, the Chief Minister discussed the deterioration of this road which is the face of the road as all the people who come to Meghalaya go to Sohra.
Such persons who throw stones with intent to cause injury to passengers shall be punished with imprisonment for forty years.
Almost all the barikor praised and expressed their personal feelings in the development of the durim which has reflected the traditional customs and traditions of the Khasi people.
The group consists of four members who have been playing from time to time despite the difficulties they face. musical instruments to this group who have a passion for music.
Guwahati, Naitung 05: Responding to BJP President Rajnath Singh's allegation that the Congress has no intention of reforming the country's economy, Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi has said that the Congress has no intention of reforming the country's economy. He said that the BJP during its tenure in power has not done anything for this purpose.
The purpose of this inspection is to check whether the rice is good or not as purchased by the government and sold to the people.
Rakkam, who is also the NPP MLA from Rongara-Siju, said the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act and the provisions of Article 10 of the Constitution of India are the two pillars. Meghalaya has protested against the opposition of some groups to the proposal to build a railway line in Jaintia Hills by claiming that it will increase the illegal entry of foreigners and people out of state.
And the people who come from abroad will help and destroy the work.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The arrested members of the GHSMC have been taken from Tura to Jowai Jail, said the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District, Pravin Bakshi.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the purpose of the meeting was to convey only the voice of the KHADC to the PSC.
At present, the total number of voters in the state is 14.89 lakh out of which 7.36 lakh are males and 7.53 lakh are females.
In the presence of 17 Shillong North Candidate Adelbert Nongrum, State Youth Wing President Thomas Passah and 17North Leaders, Shiningstar Tymthai was confirmed as the Working President of KHNAM. president.
This shows that there is a terrible politics even in the contractors through the negligence of officers and the misuse of power by the MLA and PWD Minister MM Dango.
There are 2527 recoveries so far, 15 recoveries today, 6 cases from West Garo Hills, 4 cases from Ri Bhoi, 3 cases from South West Garo Hills and 15 cases from East Jaintia Hills. 2 people.
Shillong, July 09: U Bah Michel Syiem, one of the leaders of the NGOs, today sent a letter to the Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor demanding that the MLA candidates must submit a certificate of registration when filing nominations to contest the MLA election to the Legislative Assembly.
At the opening ceremony of the monument on behalf of India, Sh.
These shops are only those shops recognized by the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and allowed to open during the day in Iewduh in collaboration with the Incident Commander, Zone-IV, Shillong.
They were surprised to learn that their names had been sent by the company to the government. When they received the information, they went to the Meghalaya State Skill Development Society and found that their names were sent by the company. Their names are there, but the names are not there.
Speech was also delivered by the CEC Chairman who is also the Trai Shnong of Shella Samla Rangbah Roy Kupar Synrem who expressed his gratitude to the Unit Leaders who have organized this program especially on the issue of which affects the people and especially the students of the Shnong and the surrounding area.
The meeting also discussed the construction of the FCI station at Sohryngkham. It was also discussed to reduce the distance between the FCI station and the ration shops in the state. .
He spoke about the achievement of complete peace in parts of Assam which were previously affected by bloodshed, and also about the resolution of differences of opinion on the border between the states.
Others who attended the function included Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem as the chief guest, SSMP President Samuel Biam, Samran S. Syiem, Sengbhalang leaders and others.
The first goal was scored by Batei Shadap in the first half and the second goal was scored by Synshar Diengngan.
He also urged the BCC to have unity so that the party can get its own MLA in the upcoming election.
: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laban Circle on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Chairman of MeECL and the Director of MePDCL. boarding.
This is according to a government statement sent today.
The union warns the Doloi of Sutnga Elaka and the Rangbah Shnong to immediately cancel the NOC of the factory and also not to give land to foreigners.
The handover ceremony was attended by Government Ministers including Bah Alexander L. Hek, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLAs including Bah Renikton L. Tongkhar, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Bah Speaker of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Lamphrang Blah, MDCs, former MLAs including Bah Lambor Malngiang and Bah Samlin Malngiang, members of KAS, leaders of leading political parties Meghalaya and Khasi students studying and working in New Delhi.
Speaking to reporters, the Symbut of the Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong, congratulated the Khyrim Hima for holding the religious ceremonies in order. end day of the event.
These people have two children.
New Delhi, November 18: “The International Film Festival of India (IFFI) is one of the 14 largest international competition feature film festivals in the world recognized by the International Federation of Film Producers' Association. (FIAPF), the federation that oversees film festivals around the world.
Shillong, June 19: HITO today met with GHP Raju Principal Secretary in charge of Agriculture to discuss the issue of cow slaughter in Meghalaya. The price of Masi meat has increased in the state.
He said that a meeting was held where the teachers said that the education department should not go for the benefit of the publishers, but should go for the welfare of the publishers. student.
Over the years, this river has started to ring sdot due to the overcrowding and what is more sad is the pollution of this river by mankind until it is unhealthy to use.
Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh DD in his sermon said that the priesthood is the duty of feeding the people. God's eternal call is for missionary work and the Lord's mission is far away and inaccessible.
Before the end of the programme, the Education Secretary KSU BVC would like to thank the KSU Central Body and other brothers and sisters living in Meghalaya for their support. to the KSU Barak Valley Circle Assam, and to all the brothers and sisters.
He said that on the first day there was a tiding un timun (right hand and left hand) and then on the next day there was a pyrdi dance by the women. The Rangngu Kur Finally, the people went back to their homes.
Speaking to reporters, “Cancer is one of the deadliest diseases in Meghalaya,” he said. There are important measures to be taken to control this disease which is very common in the State, especially in East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: The Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat, R. Lyngdoh IAS, today informed the public that a meeting was held on 6th November, 2013 with the Village Ministers, Leaders of various political parties. together with the District Police Chiefs have decided to allow buses to pass through the Wah Umngi (Photumbah) Bridge from 11th November,
St. Thomas Higher Secondary School, which was established in 1972, is one of the schools in Mairang Civil Sub Division.
Prime Minister Duh said the moment of Chandrayaan 3's arrival on the moon will be memorable in the country's mind.
My dear fellow citizens, the peace of Jammu and Kashmir and Ladakh can be an inspiration to India.
The COO informed that the office of the Meghalaya State Skills Development Society will be open from the new location from 03th November
In his speech, Bah Sawkmie said that this is a good example for the people to start such tourist attractions and not only that this is also one of the employment opportunities for the youth in this is the age when there is no work.
I'm 42-years-old Jim Sangma.
Assam will soon launch its tourism policy and this will help to promote these industries in the state.
The ban on the internet is to prevent misuse of the internet, which may disrupt the peace and order. Any violation of these rules as announced will be punishable under section 188 IPC and under the Indian Telegraph Act Act, 1885.
He said that the associations that complete the league will receive a subsidy of 2 lakh tyngka.
He urged these youths to work harder in their studies, and not only to provide for themselves but the most important thing is to be quick to join hands. Therefore, I would like to extend my hand to the fellow citizens who need assistance especially the households so that the country and the nation can stand firm and move forward.
During her tenure as MLA, War was prepared for the Civil Sub Division.
Shillong, March 02: The Marwari Mahila Samiti Shillong (MMSS) today celebrated the birth anniversary of the Marwari Mahila Samiti (MMSS) by distributing Shillong District Jail.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed that two deaths have been reported from East Khasi Hills District 1, West Khasi Hills District 1 and all the deaths so far have been reported. increased to 1425 people.
On the first day, while the BSF troops were fighting to stop the smugglers in Nongkhen area of ​​West Jaintia Hills District, Bangladeshis who had gathered in the area threw stones at the BSF with the intention of getting them. They were sent to Bangladesh.
On the second day, 78 bouts were held and rangiakura from all over the country expected to play well in order to qualify for the next round and also win medals.
Fr. Ferdinand Dkhar was ordained a Priest on 23rd, 1994 in Jowai.
Most of the posters displayed across the state belong to the BJP, TMC and NPP. village.
There are plenty of people who can start their own businesses.
Speeches were also delivered by Samla Leningrad Tariang, Samla Shnalad Rymbai, JSM leader, teachers and others.
Therefore, the union would like to suggest to the government to send tests to all the soldiers who enter the state at this time when COVID 19 is still spreading all over the world and only in India. thousands have received it, and thousands have died, and many have been healed.
There are 348 recoveries today, 262 from East Khasi Hills, 38 from West Garo Hills, 24 from Ri Bhoi, 5 from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to 86,2
It is to be recalled that the DSO South West Khasi Hills District has been able to hold this tournament on the 4th July 2024 at two venues at Rowell. teams from Under-15 boys, 27 teams from Under-15 boys and 18 teams from Under-17 boys have participated in the Inter School Subroto Cup. There are 16 teams in the Under-17 girls category.
The Government of Meghalaya has already recognized many protected areas as Community Reserves under the Wildlife (Protection) Act,
So that they can stand on their own feet to have their own jobs and improve their income and livelihood through their work.
In his speech, Bah PN Syiem said that the Silver Rose Cultural Institute is an example to promote the preservation of ancient mati rather than making it a training center in many fields.
The Students' Wing shall be the executive branch of the Seng to focus on education issues and the students.
The Arbitrator has summoned the two parties to hearing twice, the first on 18th November 2016, the second on July 2017 and he is scheduled to reconvene the hearing next October.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi today launched two food testing vehicles for Meghalaya.
Shillong, March 01: Two persons have lost their lives in a blast in Nongjyllieh village today at about 2 pm. eiei is not a day.
He said that the bank accepts only 15 people per day, while the number of people who come to line up and need to do KYC is more than
Police have recovered 11 soap boxes containing heroin weighing 139.98 grams, an Aadhar Card, a PAN Card, a mobile phone and a Tata Sumo. number ML 05 N
Also present on the occasion were Kong Streamlet Kharbih who donated the land for the construction of the house and Bah M.Rumnong Rangbah Shnong Mawlai Nongkwar.
Young people and local entrepreneurs have started flocking to the region to look at opportunities using incentive government policies.
The party will hold a meeting with Mukul Sangma on 22-07-2017 along with his Cabinet Ministers.
It is learned that the discussion in the EC today was on the Administration of Clan Bills where they discussed in detail at the meeting held today, because recently in the dorbar that Specially held in April, the bill was introduced.
The need to review B.Ed, vocational training and internet education has been included in the policy, he added.
This scheme is to improve the development of the North Eastern Region of India and this is according to the needs of the States, this is to build schemes, to build infrastructure. The people of the area have to develop their own businesses and to assist in the schemes that are still lacking.
“MH Dkhar is the President of AJYWO.
On this occasion, the parents of these villages together with the school children cleaned up the road in the presence of the Shillong Municipal Board.
MeECL has to look into this too and to do this requires the cooperation of the people.
HM Shangpliang, Member of the PAC, said that in 2007, the Central Government had allocated T.38 crore for the Department of Agriculture and Horticulture, of which the Central Government had released T.19 crore to the State Government. The state government has spent only T.7.36 crore and the rest has been returned to the government by the agriculture department and deposited in two banks.
The President of the KSU said that the government should invite the journalists to witness and show the public when the police department burns the seized drugs. .
The Special Judge (POCSO) of Swapna G. Momin on 27th March 2023 sentenced Mortonjune Kharbani and Lumding Syiemlieh to 14 years imprisonment and fined them each. 50,000 alone for involvement in the rape of a 12-year-old girl, who was studying in Class-VII in
Speaking to media after the opening of the Executive Committee (EC) meeting of HANM, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, President, said that Nepalis continue to come to Langpih. HANM cannot protect the border of the Khasi Hills.
That there should be a thorough preparation of the Budget of the Hima in which the expenditure of the Kurs, Shnongs, Raids and Hima should be taken into consideration so that the salaries of the rulers and office workers from the Kurs can be considered. , Village, Raid to Hima Dorbar to clarify the constitutional protocol of the Kur, Village, Raid and Hima rulers and many others.
“We demand that the police guarding the Infiltration Check Gate at Byrnihat should be vigilant and prevent the entry and exit of foreigners into Meghalaya,” he said.
The party has also confirmed three Block Committees in Jaintia Hills, Amalarem, Mukaiaw and Nartiang.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The JSU Shillong Cricle today held a meeting with the members of the JSU Shillong Cricle under the leadership of its President. JSU Shillong Circle Leader Banker Lamurong in the presence of General Secretary Syndai Unit Heiplanmiki Tariang and JSU Shillong Circle Leader Banker Lamurong.
He said that if the government wants to build new offices, it should not be built in Shillong but in New Shillong.
Finally, the union would like to take this opportunity to congratulate Monjurlang L.Suchiang who has won two gold medals from the University of Mysore where she came first in the examination. Master of Law (LLM).
The Meghalaya government's attempt to introduce this scheme for the residents on the border with Assam was launched by the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah EK Mawlong. without the government, it could not be implemented.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla today said that the Atomic Minerals Directorate (AMD) has exceeded the powers of the District Council. Speaking to reporters, Bah Shylla said that the officers of the AMD have violated the authorities of the AMD. KHADC, the state government and also the authorities of the AMD department because the Union Minister has already made it clear that they will not do anything without the consent of the people and this has been given. also by writing.
Rajesh Magow, co-founder and CEO of MakeMyTrip, said, “We are looking forward to the transformation of energy in transportation, through this scheme, we expect it to open. This right is for women to become owners of households.
On all these issues, the DC has decided to enforce Section 144 CrPC in these areas and this order will remain in force until finalized by the relevant authorities.
He said that the selection test will put the students in trouble because they have not completed the syllabus. All these schools understand the problem of the students and the problem of the teachers. If the MBOSE takes four months to correct the examination papers of the students, how much more difficult it will be for the teachers.
In this match, Imson won by two goals against Assam.
The CEC of the party has also decided to continue the demand for ILP in the state because the party since 1983 onwards has stood on the basis of demanding for ILP in Meghalaya. .
Tura, July 05: A bus of the MTC from Tura to Shillong was set on fire by suspected militants of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) at 7.45 pm today.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: A new statue of Father Sylvanus Sing Lyngdoh SDB was unveiled at Parsih St, Joseph in Laitkor by Bah Lambor Malngiang MLA of Shillong. the priests of the Silesian church.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Denang T Sangma said that the election for the Deputy Chairman was held earlier. Augustine R Marak of the ruling party received 13 votes and one was rejected.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The Government today directed the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and the District Administration to declare some villages in Shillong as Containment Zones.
He said that the bus stop is not within his constituency but it will help in the traffic jam in the Shillong government.
500 BTS (3G/4G) have been deployed per day since 2014 while 5G deployment is about 1000 per day.
Therefore, the Union will not stand idly by until it receives this demand and next month the CEC will meet again and decide on other stronger measures. The Union said in a statement.
On the other hand, the KNGCSU said that after the retirement of the former Principal of the college, JMQ Lyngdoh, an Acting Principal has been appointed. students to conduct various programs and study tours.
The flag raising ceremony for these youths was conducted by the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri in the presence of the Army Chiefs in charge of the recruitment center in Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Malki Circle has strongly condemned the insult to the death of Bah Bull N Lyngdoh. You are from Shillong Law College.
He was admitted to the hospital on 02/04/2020 and died on 03/04/200 at 4.30 pm.
The union also urges all those whose names have appeared on the merit list for this purpose, to go to the police station near their homes to complete the verification as soon as possible and to open the door to MeECL. to complete the appointment.
The Chief Minister said that talks with the Electricity Department will continue tomorrow morning with the Central Electricity Department to resolve the issue of light outages in the state.
Occupations such as science and engineering, trade and pharmaceuticals, literature and education, sports, public services and others.
The heavy rainfall has caused flooding across the villages of Shillong.
Shillong, Lber 05: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 25 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Garo Hills. West Khasi Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 8, South West Khasi Hills 3, West Jaintia Hills 4, West Khasi Hills
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh who is also the MLA of the constituency expressed his pleasure to participate in the celebration of the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav. He also said that the Block Awareness Program is a platform for various government departments to explain to the public about the schemes and programs which they implement for the benefit of the people of the state.
While the KSU members were searching the documents of the foreign workers, the Magistrate, officers from the Labor Department and Police from the Anti-Infiltration Directorate suddenly arrived.
He said that the news today that a petrol bomb exploded in Mawlyndep has put the youth of the village in shock.
Hek said that what has happened is that if a person lives in Pynthor and moves to Polo he has to go to Pynthor to get ration because he is there and he cannot. not to buy from the polo, but with this decision the rice consumer will buy from any nearby shop.
Jowai, November 30: The AJYWO Central Body led by Bah MH Dkhar as President and the AJYWO East Jaintia Zone under the leadership of Bah Heatermoon Ryngkhlem as President and other leaders of the party today held a meeting. November, 2019, which is the 157th anniversary of the death of Kiang Nangbah, the Khlawait of Jaintia Hills, by being executed by the British Government which ruled Jaintia Hills at that time.
Shillong, July 11: The People's Rally started from Mawdan Iewrynhep Laitumkhrah and ended at the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat. The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, has put forward nine demands that the government should take.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister listened to what the members of the party had expressed to him about the problems they are facing.
Addressing the groups, the Minister of State for Child Development, MDoNER, BL Verma said that the vision of Myntri Rangbah Duh is to build social infrastructure and connectivity opportunities in the country. He said he hoped that the UNDP would assist the department in achieving this goal.
The Seng demands that the Nolikata Secondary School should be maintained which is entitled to receive this assistance.
With the same resources and without the need for additional expense, samples can be tested and the number of tests can be increased by two-thirds.
The Airport Authority of India has completed the construction of the Umroi Airport at a cost of T29.70 crore.
The District Legal Service Authority of West Jaintia Hills District has been directed to pay Rs 100,000 to the victims within 90 days. from the date of receipt of this decision.
At present, Garo Hills has been facing this problem for about 20 years and it is difficult where civilians are killed when they cannot pay the demands of the insurgents.
The meeting was opened with a prayer by Mr. Chesterwell Sohtun, Member of Mawryngkneng Circle.
Meanwhile, in the villages under surveillance, it is prohibited to take pigs from the villages under surveillance to the affected villages.
The meeting was conducted by Retd Major Elgiva Shullai, Coordinator of the programme. Speeches were delivered by Gina Phanbuh and Susana Synrem from North East Network.
Those who attended the training were Platina Mujai, owner of Mei Ramew Café, Pliemon Barim who used to cook at ICDS in Khweng, Tharaina Riahtam who used to cook at ICDS in Khweng. School children in Nongtraw and Barilin Ranee who encouraged this method of cooking.
On the other hand, the party said that it was just a mistake at the time of his speech, if it was a mistake, it would have been better for the leader to apologize for what he said. it shall not bring any conflict between these two nations.
The CM has promised to open it by October
The letter was sent by the Seng to request clarification from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare on the number of seats for doctoral students sent by the State Government to various institutions across India.
Besides the prizes and awards, a Laptop Setsha will also be awarded to those who score high marks in various categories.
In the 55 kgs category, Mr. Sniriang Sumer of Body Mass & Fitness Gym Jowai won the 60 kgs category and Mr. Maradona Rabon of Body Zoo, Shillong won the 65 kgs category. Mr. Laket Pde of Body Zoo, Shillong, in the 70 kg category, Pynshngain Langpen of Body Zoo won the title and in the 75 kg category, Flanagan Kharwanlang of Body Zoo won the title.
Jowai, Naitung 15: Police in West Jaintia Hills District have arrested two persons for allegedly stealing cows. They were known as Rilang Synnah from Mukhap and Sngap Dkhar from Wapung.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The President of the Congress Committee (MPCC) Dr DD Lapang today called on the Congress MDCs from JHADC to elect a new leader for the JHADC. Meanwhile, sources close to the Congress party said that the Congress party wants to replace the CEM of JHADC as he is close to MLA Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar. The party is now in doubt whether he will contest from the Congress party in the 2018 MLA election.
The Prime Minister's Office has made it clear that this ration has nothing to do with the ration which the ration consumers should receive.
They came to represent Meghalaya, they are happy that they have been able to bring glory to the state and congratulations go to the family members who support and the MLAs as well who have helped.
Police have arrested the leader of the party from Sngithiang, Kyrbom Mawprem while he was driving around in the ambulance number ML05 J
The figure for vaccination against COVID-19 includes those aged 15 to 18 years, 19 years to 45 years and those aged 46 years and above.
Bah Jyrwa urged the people to cooperate with the union. If there are taxi drivers who overtake the building and charge high prices, they should inform the union leaders to take action. If they carry according to the rules, they shall pay the price already fixed.
Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, while handing over the authority of the Church to Rev. Sebastian Tirkey, has directed the Vicar General of the Diocese of Shillong, Rev. Richard Manbha Majaw, to announce the rules and boundaries of the new Parish. The neighboring parishes of Mawryngkneng, Mawpat, Nongrah and Mawbri.
She also spoke about the increase in tax limits for small businesses and employees.
He said that there will be some parts of the country that have yet to accept this policy and he hopes that everyone will get the benefits that this policy will bring.
The time has come for the government not to do anything for this issue as the shortage of police force has affected all the activities in curbing the problems that arise every day.
The remaining nine MDC constituencies are one in JHADC, one in 1-War East within JHADC and one in KHADC, Nongkrem, Mawprem-Laban, Nongspung-Sohiong, Mairang-Nongkhlaw. the city of Mawthadraishan and the city of Rambrai.
Bhawan Chyrmang (INC) and Chanki Lyngdoh (UDP) From 14th Winning Garland Sungoh (INC), Shaniah Lamare (INC) from 15th Raliang : Phriskus Sutnga (INC), Bison Roy Iano (HSPDP), TZ Dkhar (UDP), Constantine Langstang (HSPDP), Newanly Lamare (IND) and Tipsngi Rabon (IND) (UDP) From 17 Jowai North: J.U Nongrum (INC) and Marki Mulieh (UDP) From 18 Jowai Central: Andrew Shullai (INC), Kitboklang Nongtdu (UDP) and Philemon Lyngdoh (IND) From 19 Jowai South: Wanbiang Shadap (INC), Harwis Phawa (IND), Skhembok Suchiang (IND), Joining R Dkhar (IND) October 21: Wanthmu Phawa (IND), Lasky Rymbai (UDP), Helping Phawa (INC) and Obil Kyndait (IND) Violet Lyngdoh (UDP) and Hambertus Nongtdu (INC) From 24 Sutnga Narwan: Hopingstone Bareh (INC), Seiborlang Shadap (IND) Nobleson Shadap (IND) From 25 Sutnga Nongkhlieh: Richard Singh Lyngdoh (IND), Seibor Lyngdoh (IND) and Michael Nongtdu (INC) From 26 Summer: Philip Tangliang (INC), Lingson Langstang (IND), Tobias Manar ( IND), Begin L.S Paslein (IND) From the 27th Saipung: Lal Williama Theite (IND), Arborhima Darnei (INC), Zosiama Thianglai (IND), Loma Thiete (UDP) From the 28th Narpuh: Dr. Mongol Singh Tyngkra (IND) ), Arwat Lamare (IND) and Desous Pohshna (INC).
Many of the farmers in this area have now sold their jhur or phan in their farms or in Lat Smit because the traders have gone to buy from the villages and there are few people to bring their produce to the villages. iewduh in the field.
Shillong, July 08: U Parshottam Rupala, Union Minister in charge of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairy Production, will visit South West Garo Hills district of Meghalaya, which borders with Bangladesh in on July 9-10,
Regarding this demand, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has directed the UCIL to return the hospital so that the government can appoint doctors. for the employment of the people.
The handover ceremony was attended by the Rangbah Shnong Bah Michael Hek, village leaders, youth organizations and women's organizations.
He said that it is indeed one of the surprises that the Government of India has not resolved the issue under the Constitution of India even after 64 years.
All the Collectors, SPs, Municipal Commissioners and Civil Surgeons also took part in the conference.
The notice for the election to GHADC has been issued today, while the date of the election will be issued on 8/3/2021 and the model code of conduct will come into force from that date. From that day onwards, no government schemes will be allowed to be announced in Garo Hills.
He said that it is not the duty of the party to compare with others but if as people who have a spirit of compassion it is urgent to turn forward with service and Unity not only during elections because sometimes it leads to wrong especially in relation to the people.
The President of the HYC Mawlai Circle, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, who also told a little about the HYC Mawlai Circle and especially that the days of its 6th Anniversary are approaching.
: The 4th Battalion Border Security Force (BSF) on Tuesday seized a vehicle carrying sugarcane smuggled to Bangladesh and arrested two Indians near Lyngkhat. It is located on the border of Meghalaya and Bangladesh.
The KSU urges the establishment of a District Level Committee on Drug Abuse headed by the District Magistrate as Chairman and the District Social Welfare Officer as Member Secretary in the presence of the Village Authorities.
Prof Streamlet Dkhar, before reading her poems, gave a brief speech on the origin of the written language in Khasi and said that we should not forget that the written language in Khasi began. first in Bangla characters and used in the Shela dialect by William Carey and Krishna Chandra Pal in 1813 from the Serampore Baptist Mission.
Meghalaya has welcomed the New Year with rape, prostitution, now the people are witnessing that even those people who hold the law in their hands are fighting to rape the lyngkhohdoh of Bah Julius Dorphang.
As part of the programme, Prof H.Kayang gave a speech on the issue that many of the poor farmers who come from the low society do not have enough knowledge about the farmers. new methods of farming that can bring or produce higher yields.
We don't want to join in their thinking. It is because they haven't reached their minds yet that they are still being misled somewhere.
In the registration of women, the TMC party has proposed to pay T.1000/- per annum and T.12000/- per annum only if the news comes. The TMC's election promise is like buying the people.
The rally was called by the office of the District Social Welfare Officer, Ampati.
The arrest of these three persons was made after the leaders in Themmetor handed them over to the state police. Police have registered a complaint against them and the investigation is ongoing.
On the other hand, Bah John Kharshiing, Co-Chairman of the SPB, urged the District Councils to translate the Town Committee Act and Rules 1962 into a publicly understandable hand. Rangbah Shnongs to the villagers should understand the purpose of this Act especially to the Town Committees and how it works in the areas under the jurisdiction of the District Councils.
They are the ones who become 'langknia' because they cannot write or answer from their own common sense.
Similarly, in a letter dated 24th October 2004, the PCCF said, “This matter has been investigated by the Divisional Forest Officer of Jaintia Hills, Jowai. He said that the land for the factory is not a forest area.
When electing leaders, you should look at the person and not the party because the party is only a uniform”.
He said that the athletes encourage the youth of the country to do better in sports and other activities.
There is hope that polio will be eradicated in these countries and it is impossible to say that the world is free from polio.
This was announced by the Under Secretary to the State Government in charge of the Transport Department.
Dr Singh also suggested to promote tourism in the North East by including it under the “Start up India” theme and this will help the youth to start their own businesses. and to become employment opportunities for other youth.
Nagpur, Jymmang 28: The National Council of Churches (NCC) has strongly condemned the killing of 27 people including Congress leaders by Maoist militants. VC Shukla of the Government of India was seriously injured.
“I request you to take action on this issue by immediately canceling the proposals sent by the Municipal Boards without consultation with the MDCs from the urban areas and the GHADC and to suspend all payments to the The Police of the Anti Infiltration Directorate led by the Incharge Bah Olde Syiemlieh in the presence of the employees of the Labor Department of Tura, have requested the Minister of DCA. The State Government on Tuesday visited Sohra area to inspect the places where foreign workers are working such as Institutes, Hotels, Guest Houses, Restaurants and others.
According to the Tenth Schedule of the Constitution of India, if you want to leave the party that wins the election, you must have three members from the majority and thus you will be eligible for nomination.
Shillong, November 07: Ka World Vision has joined hands to assist the State Government PHC in Jongsha with new equipment for the benefit of the patients. the people of the whole area.
After a while, he brought the villagers, threatened the BSF troops and recorded a video to defame the troops,” said a statement from the BSF. “The allegation that the BSF troops The BSF troops who patrol the border are providing protection to the people living in the border villages. .
This will also make it easier for all the people who are going to have jobs within the Block and will also provide better services to the people.
The leader of the rebel group has completed his studies in Shillong.
The speakers said that schools and colleges especially those in the Laitunkhrah area should have school buses to transport students and this will reduce the number of vehicles on the road.
“The SBI Foundation is proud of its tireless work for Meghalaya and the government for more than three years together with partner agencies like Sesame Workshop India to strengthen ECCE in the country. state.
The HNLC led by Vice Chairman Bah Manbhalang Jyrwa laid wreaths at the statue of Syiem Tirot Singh. Samla Lamboktarwell Marngar, Hynniewtrep National Youth Front led by Bah Sadon Blah, Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization led by Bah Donbok Dkhar and Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa.
The report also said that 1222 people have been affected by the cyclone in the state from the 26th to the 28th of this month and 233 houses have been damaged, Three villages have been affected by the cyclone and 10 buildings have been damaged including four schools, a PWD road, National Highway-6 and two mobile towers.
Likewise, now that we are facing the 2nd wave of Corona virus in which many people have died from severe illness, the need for a Life Support Ambulance is urgent,” said the union.
The village is located on the border with Assam.
The CII congratulates the new government and all the cabinet ministers, said Mayank Jalan Chairman of the CII North East.
There are 411,000 households in the villages, and the government wants to see that each household can build a toilet for T.12,000 tyngka and this cleanliness will continue from time to time. .
Besides Dr MR Basaiawmoit, Dr I Gatphoh, Dr SA Lyngdoh, Dr AR Marak, Dr RR Marak, Dr M Sangma and Dr G Lyngdoh also signed the statement. The tourist taxis are not allowed to carry him due to the traffic jam in Shillong.
“I am also demanding this because Baghmara can be a road for Meghalaya and for the North East which will be connected through Dhaka, Bangladesh.
For the year 2007-2009 she taught at the Cambodia-India Center for English Language, and came to Phnom Penh, Cambodia.
He said that the struggle for the state is the struggle of the people for the preservation of the culture and traditions as it should be.
The initiative to collect information on the visit of thousands of children and tourists to Pomblang and Shad Hima Khyrim came from the suggestion of Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman,, and, The Federation of Khasi States, with the approval of Dr. Balajied S Syiem, Syiem of Khyrim, and the collection of the visit to Pomblang and Shad Hima Khyrim, was obtained through the hard work of Kong D Mawroh, Principal. , students of class X, XI, XII, Smit Higher Secondary School, Smit Youth Association, Smit Sordar, Rangbah Shnong, Nongmadan, Smit Dorbar Smit Pyllun, and Elders of Hima Khyrim, including office staff The meeting was held on the 8th December 2016 at the 8th December 2016, at the time of the meeting. From 10 am to 7 pm, the Governor, Chief Minister, Cabinet Ministers, Members of Legislative Assembly and District Councils, Chiefs of Army Staff, Chiefs of Staff and Government of India officials were present on the occasion. , including representatives from various officers from around the world.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The Chief Minister today said that the government will set up a special commission to look after the management of schools in Meghalaya so that these problems will not arise again in the future. .
The call now to the people of Khasi-Khara, Jaintia and Garo is to sit down and decide on this issue of life and death.
The turnout of more than 75 percent of the voters has raised the question of who will win the election whether it will be the Congress candidate, Dikanchi D Shira or the National People's Party (NPP). ) Conrad K Sangma because the fight is one-sided.
After this, a speech was delivered by Balajied Kupar Synrem MLA Shella who said that Babu Teiñwell Dkhar is his father and brother since DR Donkupar Roy MLA brought Bah Teiñwell Dkhar to the tournament. Teinwell Dkhar has shown to the world that even in the midst of many challenges he has stood firm in the UDP party since his first victory until the last day of the election. Shillong, July 29: The State Youth Wing of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today confirmed the office bearers of the KHADC. Youth Wing at a meeting held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall.
New Delhi, November 23: At an important milestone to mark the strengthening of the country's health infrastructure and enhance excellence in India's health sector, India has reached destination.
Kharbani President of HANM today denied that the party has split into two parts, this is wrong, it was not so, but only four or seven members of the party. organization who so claimed, and these have left the organization now and are no longer members of the organization.
Nongpoh, Nailar 26: Union Minister of State for Textile Industry Smriti Zubin Irani today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Integrated Textile Tourism Park in Nongpoh. Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma was also present.
The CEC has discussed the mining of uranium and has decided to oppose it and has confirmed that it will oppose the mining of uranium.
The Naga Police guard their own state and do not allow the Assam Police to cross the border as they do on the Meghalaya border.
These three MLAs will join the NPP party. The welcome of Bah Jason S Mawlog to the party will be held tomorrow morning at Umsing, Bah Hamletson Dohling will be welcomed on Saturday at Umlyngka and at Umlyngka. This month, I will visit Bah Samlin Malnging in Sohiong.
Shillong, July 29: The Daughters of St Paul today celebrated their 50th anniversary in Meghalaya. Pauline Book and Media Centers in 1973 in Laitumkhrah.
Speaking at the ceremony, he said that the students are the strength of the country and it is also the strength of the country. fighting against states or any country of the world.
Police have conducted a thorough investigation and search operation to arrest the drug traffickers.
Regarding the COVID-19 Omicron test from Happy Valley, she came to work from Qatar and when she returned after following the rules, she too has recovered and was able to leave the COVID-19 hospital tomorrow morning. I am in one of the hospitals in Shillong.
The union recalls that in 2016 there was a public meeting against uranium in Mawkyrwat and other parts of the district. The District has launched an attempt by agents to search for military bases in Mawkyrwat, Umdohlun and Wahkaji areas.
The project was launched in November 2017 to connect farmers with the market, by providing vehicles at reasonable prices and to provide more detailed information on agriculture.
He said that the Seng has demanded from the Symbud Myntri Rangbah that if there is no job in the Shillong Municipal Board, the advertisement should not be called.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Ernest Mawrie, on Tuesday said that the NPP-led coalition government has not respected the BJP. this government the collaboration.
It cannot be said that in the common platform held in the elections in 2008 and 2013, the MLA should have spoken on this issue in the Assembly. these days.
On the other hand, the Chief Secretary said that this morning, unidentified persons went to the coal mines in Nangalbira and caused a stir and in this incident five workers were killed and four others. pat that was injured.
Shillong, Lber 04: A truck (NL 01-AH-5853) has been seized by the Superintendent of Police (NL 01-AH-5853) at Umsaw, Ri Bhoi District. They seized 4,746,408 kilograms of ganja.
The Association of Traders has met with the SDO on 10/6/2023 to discuss the issue of many people not getting the slip to buy stone. but what they object to is that the slip is given only to those who want it.
Conrad said that the change will be completed tomorrow or the next day which means that after this, the employment will start in the State.
This was brought under the Rules of Procedure of the House. The Speaker allowed Zenith M Sangma to move the motion to be informed in the House regarding this privilege. Motion.
: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday held a meeting with the Syiems, leaders of the Federation of Khasi States (FKS), the Union of Rulers of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) and other civil society groups including The KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and HYC have recently passed a resolution on the 24th July, 2023 to oppose the attempt of the National Democratic Government. The Alliance (NDA) led by the BJP has not implemented the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) across India.
Shillong, Nailar 7: The violence against girls in this age is happening from time to time, which is something that deprives the children who should spend their time in their studies and They are happy with their children but they have to accept the position of mother before the time.
Surprisingly, the government wants us to join another committee through the invitation of Prestone Tynsong, but even the decision of the High Level Committee has not been taken into account. the government wants to produce chess.
Those who have not been appointed as EMs, such as Adelbert Nongrum, Working President of KHNAM, Metbah Lyngdoh, Phlastingwell Pangniang and Brolding Nongsiej have not been appointed as chairman of the committees within the KHADC. (SP News).
As a sign of respect for the families of those families, Bijoya Sawian was honored on behalf of the Sawian family, for the award ceremony on Rangabah Sumar Sing Sawian and The mother of the children Riwotki Laloo and the eldest son Riquoma Rq Laloo on behalf of the family of Waheh S Quotient Sumer for the memorial award.
Speaking to Batesi TV, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said he has held a meeting with the Central Division PWD, Bypass Division PWD and National Highway Division, together with the Deputy Commissioner, Finance and Forest Department to discuss the issue. They discussed the construction of roads in Shillong and New Shillong Township to reduce traffic jam.
Some public groups and Government agencies have started verifying information using online tools and this has helped the people of the country, especially in times of crisis such as the pandemic.
Minister of Electricity.
Regarding the involvement of KHADC employees, the office has already lodged a complaint with the police and the police should immediately arrest these people involved in this shooting. .
Another problem is the lack of understanding by the leaders and officers of the Government of India of the non-party system of governance in the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima, which has delayed the preparation and implementation of the These agreements shall be as set out in the Instruments of Accession and Annexed Agreement.
The Joint Secretary (G20) in the Department of External Affairs, Government of India, Eenam Gambhir in her speech, highlighted the various initiatives and discussions taken as part of the G20 presidency.
Shillong, July 21: Students from the North East who are studying in 30 institutions in India will receive 100 percent scholarship under the scholarship scheme. of Brilliance.
“This allegation is baseless,” said the Minister in charge of Electricity.
Almost all the villages in South West Khasi Hills District have spent their days and money to provide quarantine centers for the foreigners and not only that but they have also provided male and female volunteers to ensure that There is a smooth operation in accordance with the government's guidelines regarding the Quarantine.
When asked why the employees of KHADC are on strike, they did not say why they are standing outside the office without working. work.
Rangbah Skor Jala together with the symbud nongkñia performed the ritual according to the customs and traditions of the Raij Mawbuh.
There will also be a survey in other places or villages to install Mobile Towers according to the permission of Reliance Jio.
Anindya Banerjee expressed his satisfaction that the students have been able to complete their part despite the difficulties they faced due to their examination.
He said that the JAC would like to thank all those who have taken part in supporting the JAC especially the CEM, Deputy CEM of KHADC and the MDC of Sohiong who have supported the JAC. Shillong, July 21: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today met with the Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong in the presence of MLA u R.Momin, DGP Idashisha Nongrang, EM KHADC Gigur Myrthong were also present at the inauguration ceremony.
Shillong, Lber 05: The Office of the Project Director, Meghalaya AIDS Control Society, Shillong would like to inform you that ARV medicines for PLHIV who are adults and children are available at all ART Centres. fall inside this office.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The sudden appearance of three fires in a soh on the road to Mawlong Market on Saturday morning has shocked the residents, shopkeepers and market visitors. enter from Mawlong Market to Basa Soh and descend to Mawlong Market.
On Tuesday morning, Lumshnong Out Post Police while conducting a search operation on Night Super Buses have seized drugs from three passengers of two Night Super Buses. from Silchar, Assam to Guwahati.
This is the will of the people.
Police have immediately informed the Search and Rescue Team (SRT), Shillong to assist in the rescue of the people inside the truck. people who were left stranded by cutting off the front parts of the truck.
She said that as usual every year, the village is invited to celebrate Christmas and New Year with joy and this announcement comes from the order of the Dorbar Shnong.
The International Energy Agency (IEA) said this is the fastest growth in the world in terms of electricity.
The case number is 12(5)2020 under the provisions of the Disaster Management Act and the Indian Penal Code as it was published in the media on 15/05/2
Shillong, July 15: Shillong Lajong FC today beat Salgaocar FC 4-0 in the Federation Cup in Kerala today.
If there are no teachers, this state will not reach anywhere,” said Babu Ron.
In his speech, Atul Nikamu congratulated all the members of the Nehru Yuva Kendra and Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Center who took part in the nationwide celebration.
In her speech, Dr A. Laloo, District AH& Veterinary Officer, said that the Livestock Mission has been designed in such a way that this work will continue in the field of livestock farming.
The fighting was intense, but no casualties were reported from either side.
The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, South West Khasi Hills District, said that it is not yet possible to say how many houses have been damaged. affected by this natural disaster.
The raid was conducted by SWAT personnel accompanied by CRPF's CoBRA commandos at 5.30 pm.
Editor SP News Agency.
There was a time when the number of vehicles in the country reached
On the other hand, the UDP, HSPDP, PDF, VPP and independent candidates have also conducted election campaigns in their respective constituencies.
Herbalists, farmers, farmers, including garment makers, expressed their happiness to receive such an awareness program which has benefited the traditional medicine industry.
JSU Nongjngi Unit requests all the villagers and individuals who are interested in playing football to take part in this tournament. Football players will have the opportunity to take part and showcase their talents.
He first joined the Assam Regiment in November
During the meeting, the Dy.CEM assured the Union leaders that the EC of JHADC has already discussed this issue since the last few months and the EC has decided to implement the At the same time, the Dy CEM said that what remains now is the responsibility of the Law Department of JHADC to improve the process. This Certificate, and once the Law Department has issued this Certificate to the Council, it will become effective.
Other office bearers and members of the CEC were also present at the meeting held at the Seng office in Mawkasiang.
“The price of synsar has killed many farmers.
Investigating the cause of the flooding in this part of the road in Lower Lachaumiere, it was reported that the garbage was stuck in the small canal where the water should flow into the main canal adjacent to the road. one shop sells tea.
He said the center was built on a 1.32 acre plot in Sector-13, Dwarka, New Delhi under the NEC for the purpose of building the North Eastern Cultural and Information Centre.
Our purpose is not to create division or opposition.
The Government is also considering to conduct pool test, anti body test by taking blood and Rapid Test Kids.
Speaking to reporters, the Working President of KHANM, Bah Thomas Passah, said that the price of bills set by the government has become too low in comparison. and the increase in the price of food items and especially in the price of beverages which has affected the low income households.
In this regard, the Animal Welfare Board of India will provide financial assistance to animal welfare groups. Animal Welfare Organizations to submit their Application Forms and documents to the Animal Verification Certificate (AVC) to verify that they have been recognized by the Animal Husbandry Department of the Government.
Finance Bill- Aiñrew Beityngka is a bill brought to the Legislative Assembly every year according to the allocation proposed by the Central Government for the coming year which may include other allocations. use more and more according to the demands to build and develop the society in the state.
On the other hand, the union wants the government to implement this rule.
Tin sopiing, mawblok were distributed so that they can rebuild the house which was destroyed by the fire.
: The mutu is the phrah that demarcates any state and does not fall within any state.
Shillong, March 13: The Special Committee appointed by the Government today met to discuss how to protect the rivers in Meghalaya.
During the meeting, the teachers also discussed the new salary, the policy on education and the working conditions of teachers.
Shillong, November 13: U Minister of State for Road Construction, Martin M Danggo, in reply to a question by Bah Witting Mawsor regarding the Nongstoin-Maweit road.
Dr Lamare said that this is according to her research, but she also urged the future generations to continue to investigate this because as it appears before 1862 there is no written record to say that the French were defeated in the fight against them.
Bah SKSun in his speech, congratulated the club for taking the initiative to hold this tournament to promote sports activities in the area and promised to continue to be with the club from time to time. time for the promotion of sports and the welfare of youth and athletes.
She said that if after the meeting they do not receive a satisfactory reply from the Unions, they will not hesitate to take another step, if the talks will not be fruitful.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The CEM of KHADC Bah PN Syiem together with the EM I/c Elaka of KHADC Bah Latiplang Kharkongngor today met with the CEM of KHADC Bah Latiplang Kharkongngor at their office. in the District Council to discuss issues related to the problems within the Hima Mawsynram regarding the rebellion of Pa'iem AM Syiem Malngiang against the children of the Hima Mawsynram and the violation the rules of procedure of the District Council which shall be prescribed in accordance with the Acts.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Executive Committee (EC) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today visited the Khasi Heritage Village at Mawphlang. The Monolith Festival in November 2023 will be held in November
“This area falls under the Shillong Cantonment Board but how can the Cantonment not know that there are 90 to 100 households and their numbers? people by the hundreds did nothing to those who lived in this place.
It is to be recalled that the JHADC and Hima Sima authorities have warned the indigenous people not to sell their goods on the footpaths but when these foreigners come they own and no one does anything.
During the meeting, Bah John said that they will also submit a petition on the agreement between the Government of India and the Khasi Hills since 17th August
He said that in the history of mankind in ancient times there has been a war from one kingdom to another to expand the border. you are right.
Two students of Don Bosco College Tura, Tanisha Das and Salseng Marak, won the second and third places respectively.
State Governments should implement the provisions of the Essential Commodities (EC) Act
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The candidates for the MLA election have to be careful because if they do not have enough estimates in terms of expenditure, they will lose their MLA post if they win the election. .
This morning, the soldier suffered from breathlessness and died at 2 pm.
The Greater Baghmara Water Supply Scheme has been approved by the IMC at a cost of T.63.50 crore through the DoNER Ministry.
The football ground is part of the Stadium of the PA Sangma Sports Complex, which includes the football ground which was opened in November 2022. Badminton, Table Tennis, Basketball and these are currently under construction and will be completed by November
Grace Mary Kharpuri, EM in charge of Markets, said that this will help the people to use the market plates where they go to pay for their household items and this will help to clean up the market. to nature.
Stating that the 2022 budget is future-oriented, she said it will be of benefit in the future.
During the meeting, the group discussed in detail the WHO guidelines and came to a decision that besides wearing masks, it is also necessary to clean hands by using hand washing, washing with soap and keeping a distance from each other and masks should not touch the face if there is a risk of contamination.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The Lions Club of Shillong today conducted an eye treatment at the Vocational Cum Service Center in Bishnupur Shillong.
She said that a detailed order has been issued on 19th November 2023 to one of the contractors and the Project Director of NHAI to take immediate measures to complete the construction of the NH-6 from Jowai to Ratacherra.
The purpose of the Amendment Bill is to increase the salaries and other allowances of Ministers, Speakers, Parliamentary Secretaries, Opposition Leaders and Members of the Legislative Assembly.
Manstudy Nongrem in his speech said, “I congratulate the CEM for passing the Law Adong and he said that it needs to be maintained and should be taken care of. But there is another mistake on the part of the EC because the Hima Mylliem is all one but only two or three members, and it should be done quickly. she knows well.
The Government expanded and strengthened welfare schemes and changed the concept of welfare.
Speaking to reporters after visiting the market, Bah Lyngdoh said that his visit to the market was to propose for cooperation between the government and the Hima Mylliem to Find ways to improve the market so that it will be clean and safe for those who come to the market.
On the issue of the Sam border, he strongly criticized the MDA government of Conrad Sangma for not fixing the border but going to sell the border with Assam.
These include sustainable development in urban areas, monitoring and mitigation of natural disasters, climate change impact monitoring, forest area monitoring, water resources monitoring , halting the loss of forest lands and food security.
The FKS Dorbar said that the letter from the MHA makes it clear that the Sixth Scheduled cannot protect us in terms of adult suffrage.
The President of India came down from his seat to the square to pay tribute to him.
“We don't know whether Bah Paul Lyngdoh has been misled by some, or whether he is trying to mislead the people”.
Shillong, November 15: Thousands of Lymbit have come to sit on trees in the Cantonment Forest opposite the Arunachal Bhavan for nearly two months. tree in this forest.
The NASS started this special training for women in October this year and the training will last for six months.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The death toll from the COVID-19 positive case has risen to 1337 so far, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. 4 persons, 3 persons were not vaccinated.
He said that from the NEC, the North East allocation is only T.3000 crore, but through DoNER, the allocation is T.6000 crore and this will bring about a change in growth. During his time in the area, he reported that the protests and insurgency have affected the development works.
Banshai said that there are still many schemes that the people know about.
The CEC has decided to launch a public awareness campaign on the Socio-Economic Movement this month through various programs across the Khasi, Jaintia & Garo Hills which will start from Shillong on 28th March .
"“One of the most pressing issues for us is the need to conduct public awareness programmes.
Shillong, Iaiong 19: The Cabinet of Ministers under the leadership of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma today decided to close all schools in Shillong from tomorrow until 4th June to come.
Because it will no longer be easy for students to think about going abroad to study.
Police have arrested Debojit Ghosh, 28, Badonbok Marwein, 28, Ibapynhun Marwein, 29, Macdonald Khongmalai, 26, from the vehicle. Police have recovered 13.54 grams of heroin, 153 mobile phones, 3 mobile phones. phones and police also impounded the vehicle.
Meghalaya, even after gaining independence, has not had an independent state, it has to rely on the Indian Parliament to pass laws for the state which has only three MPs. Even if the Assembly or District Council wants to pass, they still have to wait for the final decision of the Governor because the laws they pass will affect the feelings of India, the unity of India or the laws. They are in conflict with the laws of the Government of India and those laws that have been passed die.
The revenue industry will play a major role in our progress and is vital to the southern region in the use of resources for economic development that puts people first.
Speaking to reporters, he said that in East Khasi Hills District, 12 cases have been confirmed including one from the Army and 11 from the civilian district. In West Garo Hills District, 39 cases, of which 29 cases are BSF personnel and 10 cases are civilians.
“It is worth mentioning that Banalari contested the MDC election in 2009 from Nongshken constituency and the MLA election from Pynursla constituency from the UDP.
Lovingson Shadap President KSU Larnai Unit, Samla Ioanis Suchiang President KSU Jowai Circle, Bah Bishar Warlarpih Secretary Village Dorbar Shnong Larnai, Samla Liningrad Tariang General Secretary K.S.U.W.J.H.D.Unit.
The flag of the party was also lowered and a blessing was given by Rev Maxwell Shangpliang.
The explanation requested by the FKS is whether the speech is the basis of the UDP party or selfishness.
Shillong, Naitung 25: There have been 159 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District.
“Government of Meghalaya, what kind of border guards are like this in Khliehriat and what is their duty if they don't want to stay in the border areas? Isn't it their duty to protect the border of India?” asked Bishar B Ryngkhlem, President AJYWO-East Jaintia Zone.
Jowai, Nailar 01: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNPF) has expressed its gratitude and special congratulations to all the people of the two districts who have supported their protest program in the past two nights since on 30th and 31st November, on our demands for the dismissal of two overtime Police Chiefs in East Jaintia Hills District.
Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh, Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar and Nongpoh MDC Balajied Rani were also present on the occasion.
Because if we don't do this, where will we stand and how will we survive when the coal runs out?
After the shooting, the players shouted that they are not terrorists, those policemen who shot should be punished, they shouted that this is their protest to demand their rights.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chief Secretary to the State Government, KS Kropha, said that the government will increase the salaries of teachers in adhoc schools and all deficit schools by 100 percent. Lower Primary Schools, Upper Primary Schools, as well as Secondary and Higher Secondary Schools.
On the other hand, the Minister urged the students of this school to be diligent in their studies and to have the goal of rising high in all fields and to do that is only with minot and nothing else.
During the investigation, they also revealed that they had hidden 22 rounds of ammunition in the tree near the rock at Nan Polok.
This decision was announced in a letter dated 20th May 2014 from the Joint Secretary, Chief Minister, Secretariat, sent to Dr Mukul Sangma, Co-Chairman. , Meghalaya State Planning Board(MSPB) and Chairman, Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya.
The first part that the committee will have to complete is when the state has been independent and what the state has been able to do in these 50 years of independence.
And these steps for telecom connectivity will pave the way to tell this story across the globe.
The training was held on 29th and 30th August 2013, at the Dorbar Hall, Patharkhmah.
If you have any information or information please contact Police Control Room, 0364-222214, Rynjah PS 0364-2
Shillong, July 15: Unidentified robbers have robbed a mobile shop at Police Bazar on the night of the 14th at 3 pm. The center is the shop of Bah Larsing M Sawian.
“According to our observation, we found that these people are drawing electricity from the meters.
In Ranikor Civil Sub-Division, Bah Pius Marwein launched the flag ceremony.
The Minister said that the NER District SDG Index has helped to build the PM-DevINE scheme, which provides funds for activities to improve the livelihoods and society in the region, especially in the area. relating to women and youth.
On the other hand, the police have cleared all the information sources to ensure that the traffickers of drugs to destroy the youth will not be allowed to enter the district and also in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Minister in charge of Electricity in Meghalaya, James K Sangma, today said that the total debt of the state has reached T.1.100 crore. shiphew years.
Today, as we celebrate this special Independence Day, I honor all those who sacrificed their lives, spending their youth in prisons, who accepted the who spread the bloodless struggle through Satyagraha for the independence of the country.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Lucky Star Lamin, Senior Faculty of the Institute, who congratulated all the students who have completed the training and urged them to start their studies. to their own work.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that at this meeting, the government and the Union of Rangbah Shnongs will request for the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. Council (KHADC) to recall the Bill which has already been passed and to review it so that the VAB can become law as soon as possible.
At the same time, there are many thok and shukor, many ways of doing righteousness or doing godly deeds.
In 2018, the MBoSE announced that there will be no right answers or Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) with 1 mark per question. Short Answer (SA) worth 2 marks per question.
The weight of the goods should not exceed 35 kilos, said the Superintendent in charge of the Post Office in Meghalaya.
Secretary, Higher Education, Amit Khare; Secretary, School Education, Anita Karwal and senior officers attended the meeting.
The word 'Hindu' is not a Sanskrit word or a name of their origin and cannot be found used even in the Mahabharata or Ramayana.
After the opening of the programme, a National Youth Summit will be held with the aim of attracting, strengthening, uniting and participating in the building of the country.
To date, only 27 varieties of marrep have been allowed to be exported to India.
The census will begin with the census of households and household relations to be added to the National Population Register 2020 and will be followed by the census. summary in 2021.
He also urged the people in the border areas and if there are new people entering and leaving the villages, smugglers and insurgents should inform the BSF in the areas so that they can provide them with information. public protection.
Speaking on the occasion, Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Sanbor Shullai said that the goal of the people's leaders is to help improve the income of the backward people.
Shillong, March 25: The total number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Shillong today has risen to 136, 76 from Ri Bhoi, 39 from East Khasi Hills and 8 from West Garo Hills. , 7 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 3 cases in North Garo Hills, 1 case in South Garo Hills, 1 case in South West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Khasi Hills.
Furthermore, five High Courts of India have made similar decisions and delivered decisions aimed at shedding light on these misguided beliefs and interpretations that put the country’s economic and economic development in danger.
This decision was taken at a meeting between the District Council leaders in the presence of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Hills Farmer Union (HFU) leaders and traders.
Shillong, June 15: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has congratulated the students for their examinations.
Reid Provincial Chest Hospital, East Khasi Hills District has also won the award for the Ayushman Bharat Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana Quality Certification Hospital.
The Leader of the Opposition visited the parts of South Garo Hills which were badly affected by the cyclone including those areas on the border with Bangladesh.
Numaligarh Refinery Limited has been supplying petroleum products to Bangladesh since
The Government has taken this decision that the Dorbar Shnongs should also ensure that those people who have been registered should not mix with the people in their villages and the villages will ensure this.
The services provided by the members of Yuva Tourism Clubs during the International Tourism Mart 2022 were excellent and should be commended.
The newspaper also raised a question on the name of the Khasi Authors' Society in English.
This is unacceptable and we have to seek clarification from the District Health and Medical Officer (DM&HO) and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare,” said Bah Marbaniang.
In this regard, the use of Indian startups working in the field of maritime transportation will be an important part of our government's priorities.
Leaders of the party who attended the ceremony were Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Bah Brolding Nongsiej, Bah Nujorki Syngoh, fellow MDCs and other party leaders. Mukhin is a member of the Regional Party Alliance.
By virtue of that Regulation, the State Government shall have the authority to set a line which the Mynderri shall not cross without the authority of the State Government. power conferred by the Regulation of 1873 to enforce the provisions of that Regulation without the further approval of the Central Government.
George B Lyngdoh asked who sent the police to Cheristerfield's house and why the city government doesn't punish those involved but will call the police to investigate. they didn't call.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed four deaths today from East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of deaths in East Khasi Hills District to The death toll in the state has risen to
The total number of health workers who have received the COVID-19 vaccine has reached 6,31,417 (as of 6 pm today) through 11,660 doses, according to information received so far.
Shillong, Nailur 30: Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HANM) today sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong urging the government to pass a law to employ 80% of the state residents in private companies. individual.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Eastern Central Area Unit and Mawkynrew Circle today visited the road at Mawlali village in Mawkynrew area. The water supply during the rainy season has been flooded from time to time at the football ground on this road in Mawlali village.
The turnout of 90.42% of the voters in today's polling has put the two political parties in a difficult situation. decide the village or those who go to throw their votes.
Regarding the B.Ed College, he said that it cannot start this year because all the requirements have to be met first. send to MPSC and DSC for further action.
The Minister said that in the future, due to climate change, disasters such as landslides, landslides, floods and storms will increase in all places and remembering this, we must to move forward in the goal bay n there is no loss of human life by using science.
Before laying flowers at the statue of Kiang Nangbah, the AJYWO leader prayed for the soul of Kiang Nangbah, who is now at Dwar u Blei, to bless the children of Jaintia Hills and especially to the youth so that they can follow in his footsteps as much as possible for the sake of the country and the nation and also to bless the country and the nation to live in peace and prosperity in all sides.
This shows that these foreigners have taken advantage and are willing to bypass the District Council.
In his speech, Prof. Dr. Samir Kumar Bhattacharyya also expressed the problems in the field of homeopathy.
His task as Foreign Secretary is to negotiate with other rebel groups regarding the supply of weapons and also to ensure its working methods in relations with others. They are not in Bangladesh.
To restore the cleanliness of this pond, it is prohibited for all to throw garbage or dump garbage in this pond, to prevent the spread of garbage inside this pond.
DAO  2.
The Indian and Bangladesh Armies will hold this annual cycling race and this will bring closer ties between the armies of the two countries.
He arrived in Ri Khasi on July 22, 1841 to work as a missionary among the Khasi.
“The illegal obtaining of NOCs and Trading Licenses by foreigners in Jaintia Hills without proper consideration before issuance; The free trade and employment of foreigners in Jaintia Hills, without complying with the rules and regulations, has put at risk the income, employment and deaths. “It is the life of the entire nation”, said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO Central Body.
The two-day Meghalaya State Shooting Championship was organized by SAM. Before the start of the Pistol Shooting Championship, an oath was taken by the participants. competition.
The decision was taken at a two-day meeting at Mawphlang from 2 to 4 October 1917 in collaboration with the Welsh Presbyterian Church. , under the leadership of Rev. Shai Nabuh Manner and Rev. DS Devies.
The Eco Fish Hatchery under the Meghalaya State Aquaculture Mission (MSA) was inaugurated by the Minister of State for Fisheries and Aquaculture, Clement R Marak today. In the Garo Lum.
The objective was to bring all people within the economy and to bring about consistent payment of taxes became the priority.
“Even our members from Nartiang and Lad Rymbai have been sent to the police station.
Minister of Information and Broadcasting AL Hek was also present on the occasion. Other government officials who were present included Parliamentary Secretaries J.Dkhar, R.Syngkon and S.Mukhim. Sangma, Secretary, DONER, Bah HM Shangpliang, SR Marak, Joint Resident Commissioner, Meghalaya House and others.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The MPHRC has demanded that the government should introduce an anti-superstition law and it is the responsibility of the government to do so as a measure to protect the people. right to be a man.
Many games, easy writing competition, children's show competition, and at the same time many civil society organizations also came to take part in this two day festival.
These start-ups are spread across states as well as small cities of the country.
Jowai, Jymmang 03: The AJYWO Central Body in a statement issued by Bah MH Dkhar, President of the AJYWO, has urged the MeECL, Jowai Distribution to immediately replace the post light. In Jowai, a person was killed near the Vodafone Office, Jowai, on the road to Jowai, Pohskur.
Shillong, July 19: The All Khasi Hills Chick Federation (AKHAF) today met with the MLA of Ranikor, Bah Pious Marwei and submitted a petition to him requesting for an ambulance from Ranikor. for the benefit of the Borsora area.
She said the government should open the door to assist in such programs to encourage the youth to love and respect their language and culture.
He praised the hard work of Rev Father Makri who has raised the Don Bosco Youth Center to the status of International Standard for the benefit of the youth of Meghalaya.
Ankita Koch was the winner in the women's category and Josanky Rympei was the winner in the men's category.
We kindly request you to come early and not to be too late so that you can benefit in time,” said the Deputy Commissioner, Kong RM Kurbah.
Shillong, March 19: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today inaugurated the office of the State Water Supply Department in Tura which was constructed at a cost of T.1.57 crore. 2.5 lakh households have been affected so far.
Tura, Naitung 17: Meghalaya Police today raided another GNLA camp at Warima Songmagre village in Jan Chokpot in South Garo Hills.
Ronnie said he did not go because he understood that as a minority community, the language should remain intact because of the Congress party which protects the identity of the community by passing laws.
All the people in both these Centers will be monitored every day for 14 days.
Shillong, Lber 14: A petrol truck overturned at Pyllun village in Ri Bhoi District this morning.
He said that he has also conveyed this to the leaders like Bah Ollan Singh Suin who has left the UDP MLA and Bah Alvin K. Sawkmie who has left the party. NPP through Mawsynram Constituency to take action by finding ways and means how to solve the problems of the people of Mawsynram Constituency.
In Saipung Block, only one house was damaged and seven people were injured.
The names of the candidates are S. Osborne Kharjana INC, Samlin Malngiang NPP, Sandondor Ryntathiang HSPDP, Seraph Eric Kharbuki BJP and Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah UDP. The UDP party has now nominated Bah Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah for the Assembly Constituency.
To encourage the public to refrain from spreading garbage on the road especially those garbage which is wrapped in plastic which causes a lot of trouble. look when walking and standing on this road and to show off when tourists walk by.
The Government has information on the movement of these people, but at present it is not appropriate to say which group they belong to without first investigating. standing of these groups.
The Minister said that before taking any decision, the government will also seek the opinion of the people and the government will do its best for the benefit of the people. government agencies.
He recalled that in 1979 when the Seng started the Anti-Foreigners Movement, the protest started from Laitumkhrah.
Shillong, Lber 31: Lady Keane College has held a special celebration for Women on the 29th of this month. the whole world.
“If you have a persistent fever, it is better (for patients) to go immediately to the Testing Facility at PHCs, CHCs as we have publicly announced the Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) or rules that ( patient) have to take if they get a higher temperature," she said.
From this meeting and the visits of the Estimate Committee, the Delhi Assembly and West Bengal will also send reports to the Government as well as recommendations.
He said that if there are only five MPs from North East, no one will listen in Delhi and as it is now, the NPP has reached the goal of conveying the issues of the region to Delhi. It will be able to do this to raise the issues of this region in Delhi.
Metbah said his visit to Assam to meet the Chief Minister of Assam was to congratulate Himanta Bisawa Sarma on his assumption of office. the visit was as the Speaker of the House.
The pharmacy building will be constructed at a cost of T.15.33 crore for the G+3 building of 1833 SqM. The cost is T.12.72 crore.
The meeting with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya on this issue was due to the fact that the area is in the middle of a cross-border conflict. The land is in dispute between the two countries which has not yet been resolved.
Shillong, Nailur 05: Meghalaya Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has called a meeting of political parties on the Inner Line Permit issue just to complete the process. because the civil society organizations are conducting their own protests.
The Demand Committee for the Ranikor Civil Sub Division was established in 2007, during the tenure of Dr DD Lapang, Chief Minister. chief of the state.
The HFU recently held the 1st Meghalaya Farmers Parliament and there were many issues raised by the farmers, but in order to allow the government to implement them. Commander Shangpliang President of HFU said that 2019 will be the Year of Farmers. To declare 2019 as the Year of Farmers “It is one of the demands to include the HFU in the 10 demands,” said Commander Shangpliang.
The smuggling of drugs into Meghalaya has been a threat to the state despite the arrest of drug traffickers every day. The police urged the people to work together to fight against drugs.
On behalf of the Khasi Kmie, Bah O Pyngrope Symbut President of the Khasi Kmie gave a speech of congratulations and was accompanied by Bah Paia B Synrem Assistant General. Secretary of the Khasi Mothers' Union.
This was announced by Union Finance Minister Shiv Pratap Shukla in a written reply in the Lok Sabha today.
The purpose of this meeting was to discuss the needs of retired soldiers from the Army, Air Force and Navy in terms of their pension benefits. health care and assistance from the central and state governments especially to women and inheritors.
He also inaugurated the Integrated Beekeeping Development Center in Meghalaya to improve the income of beekeepers through training and technology development.
Through the order of the Government and the order of the High Court, arrest warrants have been issued for those involved in these illegal activities.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Bah Gigur Myrthong MLA and MDC of Mawthungkut Constituency, on Tuesday said that he cannot know all the incidents in the constituency if no one informs. shu he complained.
Mother’s heart is very soft and patient.
At first the leaders of the party agreed but after a while they came back and received the same answer.
The Government has now decided to distribute the shini to the people to avoid the loss.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Army Recruitment Department in Shillong has conducted a training for the youth of the state on how to join the army at various ranks. In contrast, this training was conducted at the military base in Umroi.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The celebration of the New Year's Eve today began with a ceremony at the Mawkhar Seng Hall in the morning with a prayer by the elders. san of the organization.
Parvati Nair is only 13 years old and last year she took part in the All India Junior and Senior Archery Competitions held in Kokhrajhar and Jamshedpur. The whole of India.
Speaking to reporters on the allegation that the Irish Shullai Puja Committee, Bishnupur has used the flag of the Khasi Puja Committee, he said it is groundless as they have not done so.
Dr. Metabh Chandee or James K Sangma, former MLA of Dadenggre, should be nominated by the party workers. Constituency, as candidates for the mid-term elections to be held in Gambegre.
MJAC Finance Secretary Bah Balen Thubru in an interview with the media has criticized the State Government for not being able to implement its promise to prepare a Mining Policy as promised by the Prime Minister.
The Department of District Council Affairs has sent to the Printing Press of the Government to publish the Act of the Council.
“This shows that he doesn't respect the children and has violated the rules and regulations of the kur,” said the Rangbah Kur, Bah Harison Mawlong.
These actions are not related to political beliefs and we must view these actions from the perspective of humanity and compassion.
Shillong has four parking lots in Shillong, the four parking lots are the parking lot opposite Bank SBI, MUDA in Khyndait Lat, Bhoi Parking Park, There is a parking lot at the head of Iewdu, there is a parking lot for Themiew Mawlong, there is a parking lot opposite Anjalee.
Regarding the UDP's position on the uranium issue, it wants public explanation and what are the safety measures if uranium is mined, the UDP wants to clarify first that the government is to jam this work forward.
Investigation by the police has revealed that Bitlut has committed this crime on his own business. He has stolen the JCB from Srei Equipment Private Limited. can pay the debt to this company that funded him.
It is learned that in Garo Hills, the curfew has been going smoothly without any incident.
The ED today summoned Sonia Gandhi for the second time to appear before the government for the second time. ED to investigate even if the party has acted in accordance with the laws.
A total of 35 people have received this award.
The Government has set three categories, general ward without oxygen will cost T.7000/- per day, generic ward without oxygen will cost T.11500/- per day. amount.
In a letter sent to the Prime Minister, the party has clarified that the Single Window Agency introduced in 1997 has taken advantage of section 4(1) after the amendment of the Meghalaya Land Transfers Act 1971 which the party considers illegal.
The KHNAM on Tuesday sent a proposal to the State Government through the Chief Secretary of the State, Bah Donald P. Wahlang to allocate 80 percent of the land. jobs for the indigenous people of Meghalaya in the private/organized sector.
It is clear that we need to work hard in this regard.
To avoid injury and any tragic incident, the DC said that she has temporarily suspended the work of installing electricity poles by MeECL in the area until another arrangement is made.
This was announced in a statement sent by Bansharailang Pynsharailang, President and General Secretary of NSUI.
The Vice President said that unemployment is a problem for all the villagers.
It is to be recalled that on the evening of 24th September 2017 at about 5:00PM, Bah Damas Nongkhlaw is also a person with disabilities, deaf and dumb who lives in the village. Mawñianglah, Upper Shillong, was attacked by these four robbers who shot and beat him until he sustained serious injuries to his face and other parts of his body.
If the SMB delays, the Seng will hold a protest in front of the SMB office. The Garo people who have survived and settled in 54 villages under the Raid Marwet of the Hima Mylliem on today They also requested the State Government to take action after a group of Sengbhalang opposed the issuance of Rangbah Shnong Sanad to the Garo community living in the Raid which also falls within the border of the State Government. Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Regarding this, SP News Agency spoke to Bah Theophilus Wanniang, DFO of East Khasi Hills District to ask by phone whether it is true or not that the coal traders will get the shallan. shall.
Due to the blockage of garbage especially plastic, the water flowing from the canal has caused it to flow into the road where vehicles and passengers have to walk along the canal.
However, the residents and leaders of KSU Mawlai Umjaiur said that this opening is only to mislead the people as the election time is approaching because they have not received water at all.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: U Bah Thomas Passah President of KHNAM Youth Wing on Tuesday said that the increase in the price of petrol and diesel has affected the people after the central government has increased the price of petrol.
The arrested persons are Ashibat Moksha, Ranpit Thangkhiew, Stanbor Kurbah, Franky Kylla, Shanbor Kurbah, Lamphrang Kurbah, Pynbiang Dkhar, Klus Kharbani, Bantei Mawiong, Shaimon Nongphlang, Johntei Nongriej Mawiong. Shimbor Hing, Nong Makdoh, Subarson Rangslang, Bordingstar Nongbsap and Heading Thangkhiew.
Regarding the quality of agricultural products and the price of agricultural products from the State and from outside the State, the union would like to ask why and for what reason. Foodstuffs from outside the State are available to buyers at lower prices, while foodstuffs from outside the State are very expensive.
Worse still, the day laborers in schools receive only 10 months' salary, while during the monsoon holidays they receive no salary for more than two months.
This eye surgery will be exclusively for those over 30 years of age.
Shillong, Lber 01: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell has taken this opportunity to congratulate all the Khasi students who will soon sit for the SSLC and HSSLC examinations and other examinations. of them over the next few days.
Shillong, Oct 24: The Meghalaya Wushu Association (MWA) under the leadership of Bah.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: Various political parties led by Naga elders today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and the Home Minister, James K Sangma.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Department of Commerce and Industries (MCI) of the State Government has been able to deal with the Meghalaya Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) at Kismat Upland Road, Laitumkhrah. , in which there has been a struggle for the appointment of employees at the discretion of the Managing Director (MD).
One of the most important freedoms is the freedom to innovate, said Minister Duh, and this has been ensured in geospatial fields.
Regarding the vaccination, the government has tried to explain to the public that it is necessary to vaccinate to prevent the spread of COVID-19, the government has not forced the public. , but you can't ask for Tika.
Donboklang Khriam, Executive Member of KSU Mawlai Circle, who is also the Organizing Secretary of KSU Mawlai Circle, today sent his resignation letter to the leading leaders of the KSU Central Body.
The first Cabinet meeting to be held outside the Meghalaya Secretariat will be held in Tura on July 10, the Chief Minister said on Twitter. .
The Minister said that the balance of the land and the atmosphere should be taken advantage of.
m  in the morning at Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
In a statement sent by the General Secretary of KNGCSU Samla Justice Paul Lyngdoh, the Students Union expressed its gratitude to the Chairman of the PAC for taking care of the issues of the College and for submitting the Memorandum to him. The Chairman of the Committee is ready to take immediate action on the issues that the College needs to address the problems faced by the College.
Secondly, it will be kept in mind what the price is nationally to see that it is not exceeded.
There are 91 examination centers in Shillong Region and 68 in Tura Region for the SSLC while there are 67 examination centers in Tura Region for the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC). Shillong Region and 41 in Tura Region.
There are 3 deaths from the disease today, 2 of them are from East Khasi Hills, 1 from West Jaintia Hills, 2 from West Jaintia Hills. to 1299 people.
Erwin K Syiem Sutnga, President of the Meghalaya People's Labor Union, said that there are places in Delhi where passengers can take tickets and go to their destination where there are no passengers. The same is true if you are inside Guwahati Airport.
The Seng also thanks the hard work of the Leaders Bah HM Shangpliang and Bah Alvin Sawkmie for their hard work in achieving this goal of the people of the border area.
Special media/plaque/trophy and citation will also be awarded.
The annual 1M1B Activate Impact Summit held at the UN headquarters in New York, shines a spotlight on youth-led projects driving UN Sustainable Development Goals.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the CEM of KHADC said that the KHADC will not issue the NOC until there is a proper arrangement for the border crossing with Bangladesh. this area.
Shillong, July 14: The State Bank of India (SBA) has announced that the Reserve Bank of India (RBO) will hold a public hearing on the topic “Banking”. Ombudsman Scheme 2006" on Saturday this month in Nongstoin.
At this school, the Seng has also provided 10 beds for those in need.
During the meeting, the CEM expressed his appreciation to the party for reminding us of this important part for the sake of our minority community. He said that he and his group have also had their views in this regard. At this meeting, the party has brought forward several demands.
The funds allocated for development projects are within the jurisdiction of the government and within the rules of the Government of India,” Sangma said.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The Chief Secretary of JACATAM has asked for three months for the government to look into the matter. demand yours.
And 91°21" & 92°09" E Long.
The fact is that the state government has no authority over uranium.
Also present on the occasion were Governor of Himachal Pradesh Bandaru Dattatreya, Governor of Tamil Nadu Dr. K. Rosaiah and other government officials.
As it turns out, the government under the leadership of Mukul Sangma is no longer the protector of the people.
Shillong, November 04: A group of seven villages including Mawkhar, Wahingdoh, Umsohsun, Mission, Riatsamthiah and Wahthapbru have requested the Shillong Municipality to stop the dumping of garbage in Motphran.
All three leaders said that this college is no different from the colleges in the city.
An employee of a company from Uttar Pradesh has been allegedly abducted by unidentified persons from Karukol Siju, South Garo Hills District, police said on Friday.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: Police in East Garo Hills today at 8.30 pm received a tip that robbers have abducted Tapos Maji, 37, a syieng trader from Krishnai. Goals for Assam.
Announcing the work of the Congress-Meghalaya United Alliance government in the state and the UPA central government, Singh said, “The UPA has achieved many goals especially in the fight against to eradicate the poverty that has been going on since ancient times.
In West Garo Hills, two bridges have been flooded, one in Rongsagre village under Dachengre C&RD block under Titrikilla Assembly Constituency and one bridge in Kalchenpara village under Dachengre C&RD block under Titrikilla Assembly Constituency. Seal C&RD block.
The winners of Group A were AnieKashyap (1 prize – T.50,000), Deeptanshu Chaterjee (2 prize – T.30,000) and RocktodeepKashyap (3 prize – T.20,000).
The demands are that the government should implement the fair payment and increase the salaries of 12541 SSA teachers across Meghalaya.
However, what they found was that after being auctioned, they were bought back by smugglers to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
Anyone who has prepared a business plan or owns a small business can take this loan.
Freedom achieves all this.
Jowai, June 18: Berlin Lyngdoh, mother of Jopthiaw Lyngdoh, Deputy Commissioner, Home Affairs, Meghalaya, and Ripnar Lyngdoh, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills, has passed away.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne today decided to nominate Lamphrang Blah as the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). candidate to contest the KHADC election to be held on Monday.
“(Therefore) the Government should immediately stop this project.
The case has been registered at Khanapara Police Station under Section 52(12) 23 US 120 B.468/405/420/380 IPC.
Speaking on the occasion, the candidates expressed their views and grounds for contesting the MLA election,
To address this issue, the Cabinet has decided to conduct examinations, allowing applicants who have completed training courses at recognized institutions of the Ministry to apply for task.
On receiving this information, the Magistrate and Police of Ri Bhoi District visited the KSU leaders to talk to them about the construction of the ILP gate. The Center built by the Government at Umling where it was found that the mynder check gate which has been turned into a Covid-19 testing center has turned into a shelter for criminals.
The Yatra has reached nearly 60,000 Gram Panchayats, paving the way for economic development and progress in all parts of the country.
The five candidates are three candidates from the National People's Party (NPP) from all three constituencies, namely Sosthenes Sohtun from Jirang, Jason S Mawlong from Umsning, Macdalyne S Mawlong from Nongpoh and Shemphang Lyngdoh from Mawhati and Damonbait Lamare from Umroi.
District Councils shall make laws in terms of para 2(a) and para 3(g) and also in terms of para 12 (2) of the Sixth Schedule as empowered to them under these rules.
The installation of solar lights will be funded from the MLA scheme. It is clear that the installation of street lights will be only in those areas where there are no street lights. bag not don cam.
Co-operative Societies, Religious Groups, Cooperatives, Political Parties and others.
Only three people have reached this election.
The Court also said that there should be the same salary system for the same type of job regardless of whether they are temporary and contractual or approved.
Sadon said that officials from the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) and the State Government have said that this issue will take a few days for the government to think about especially in terms of forgiveness. that lawsuit.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The four-day session of the Legislative Assembly will start on November 11 and will also be the last session of the current Legislative Assembly. I will go to the election to the sixth house of parliament.
This damage has affected the area especially the farmers because the people of this area live on agriculture. The Minister in charge of Housing Works said that the government will assist these families who have been affected by the natural disaster.
A key point also mentions that before June 2022 about 25% of government vehicles used for public purposes should be fully accessible for persons with disabilities but as we Although many people with disabilities have longed for a long time to have special vehicles in Meghalaya, no signs have been seen.
The competition was organized in collaboration with the Education Department of the Government of Assam.
The Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep urges all the children of the thousands including the Chiefs, office bearers from the Kur Dorbar, Shnong Dorbar, Raid Dorbar, and Hima Dorbar to come out and participate in the march. Public meeting on the 22nd of this month at Madan Iewrynghep, Laitumkhrah at 11 pm and then a march along St. Edmunds College Road to Madan Malki Shillong. 12 noon to 2pm.
In this regard, the Pharmacist in-charge of the Central Medical Store Directorate (MI) has informed through a letter dated May 27, 2023 that the damaged medicines should be disposed of immediately. announcement.
The weapons seized by the BSF were one Carbine Machine Gun 9 mm, one 7.65 MM Pistol Petro Barreta made in Italy, one 7.65 MM Pistol made in China, one Carbine 9 mm Magazine made in China. 9 mm Carbine ammunition, 7.65 mm Pistol ammunition and many others.
As we have said in the past days and years, until now we are firmly opposed to any attempt to reopen the uranium mining book from our country,” he said. HYC President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem in a statement sent to the media on Tuesday.
Hundreds of people attended the meeting to join the PDF and on this day, the party office bearers were also confirmed and Bah Pynsuklang M hynniewta was elected as the party's leader. President of the PDF Party in Malwai Constituency and 35 party office bearers.
On the other hand, the party urges all those who came to the march not to write any articles of condemnation or opposition on the banners. The President urged them to take part in the march.
If Vincent Pala is against the ILP, he should say that he is against the ILP.
However, it is sad to see that the government has decided not to bring in foreign workers.
The population growth (16.93 per cent) in the state is low compared to the national average (17.64 per cent).
He said that in this regard, the union has already sent a letter to the officers in charge of the department and also to the Minister of PHE but the union has not sent a letter to the officers in charge of the department. She has not received any commitment to get these PHE employees to come forward and express themselves through the media.
New Delhi, March 21: The Global Maritime India Summit, 2023, one of the largest maritime summits in the world, has received Rs 10 lakh crore in investment during the three-day programme, which ended here today. .
After the announcement of the results, the Congress MLAs and Ministers congratulated the new Rajya Sabha MP.
They also demanded that the government should remove the incumbent Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills , Arunkumar Kembhavi , for allegedly using force in the land grabbing of people on the border with Bangladesh.
Speaking to reporters, Bah BS Sohlya, Chief Executive Officer of Shillong Municipal Board, said that the office today distributed these notices to all the residents of the area who have about 300 households. tam that tnum house.
He directed that we have to reconsider the proposal which we have already made and we expect that within two months we will be able to complete it because we need to revive the rivers that flow slowly in Shillong and other places. other parts of the state,” he said.
Other policemen who have been transferred are Pankaj Kumar Rasgania, IPS, Shillong.
The purpose of the meeting was to further strengthen the relationship between the two countries and to have cooperation between the two armed forces on the border to protect the border and ensure that there will be peace. peaceful.
This government led by him has tried to ensure that the people should benefit from the schemes that the government has already done for them.
Other speakers were Bah C.Khongwir, Bah MV Nongbri, Bah M Doloi Sordar of Warmawsaw, Bah Nel in his welcome speech. Eugeneson Lyngdoh's ball.
New Delhi, Lber 27: The tournament organized by the 5th MLP Battalion of the Meghalaya Police in New Delhi has ended today.
The Paiem said that Shnongs, Raids and Himas have been established by Kurs and these Kurs have a special role in their respective Himas and it is necessary for them not to forget their responsibilities. He said that this custom and tradition which we have here in Ri Khasi is unique and we need to hold on to our original foundation so that the future generations will not be mistaken.
According to Sangma's direction, the film tells the story of superstition and fear in which dreams and reality have the story of a village that makes a noise from meira-wew every four years through the the story of a child.
He said that this meeting today is only a briefing from the Hima Sohiong.
We have listened and accepted the accusations and persecution.
However, the Government is struggling to look after the welfare of the pensioners.
The Government has allocated T.36,224 crore to CGST and T.30269 crore to SGST from IGST. CGST and T.68,561 crore for SGST. The collection for July 2023 is 12% higher than the GST collection for the same month last year.
He also encouraged the students of the school to join the defense services and serve India.
Dhawan said the Streaming Services Act is like a regulation and said “new actors and producers, talents who have been left behind for a long time can now connect with people around the world.
A colorful chariot carrying Lord Krishna was built and carried around the village and the celebrations continued for five days.
There was also an award for Best Bassist, Best Keyboardist, Best Drummer and Best Guitarist.
We congratulate you all and wish you all the best.
Speaking in Parliament, the MP of Tura said that these special training centres, known as RVTIs, have faced many problems in many areas. The school has not even had a full-time principal for the past few years.
Shillong, July 07: BSF troops on Tuesday night while patrolling at Jamador village in South West Khasi Hills District, seized a large quantity of smuggled goods while they were smuggling from the river to Bangladesh.
Shillong, July 19: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA 17-Shillong North on Tuesday said that there is no need to call for a vote because the four issues he raised and demanded were from politicians and civil society. They also demanded that they should understand the truth.
Otherwise, we the customers of the banks will immediately close down according to the Consumer Rights without the need to install these Automated Teller Machines (ATMs). need trust.
On this occasion, the Minister urged the teachers to take responsibility and work hard for the development of the state in the field of education.
The entire Nongjri area needs a mobile tower because at present the mobile network in this area comes from other parts like Maweit and Mawkyrwat and the network is not enough. you can't get a net work.
Marcus, husband of Cordalin Nongkhlaw, resident of Sawmer Upper Shillong, has recently retired from the 4MLP Police Station at Sohpian in Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District.
The SP of East Khasi Hills said that if anyone has found or seen him, please inform the police at 0364-22304012/2537587/2
Kabir said that since Meghalaya got its own state, the number of non-tribals has been 20%.
On the 21st July 2023, at 9:30 pm, this man escaped from the Civil Hospital Nongstoiñ after being taken by his family for treatment.
The KSU, which is one of the 13 groups that have been demanding the implementation of the Inner Line Permit, has remained steadfast on this basis to demand that the government should implement a law against the Inner Line Permit. protect the nation from being invaded by other nations from abroad.
He said that just because his wife had told them not to speak in tiensih, these people, who were about three or four people who lived nearby, attacked him. Bah Lahbor also bombed the body with a tyrnem from parts of the body until no one was identified.
Police have explained to the Waheh Shnongs and KSU members not to create trouble.
The MSKA congratulates all the winners of this tournament and encourages all those who did not win to continue to work hard and play well in other tournaments.
On marriage, Bah Mawrie said that the Dorbar Shnong has decided that anyone who marries non-Khasis will not be allowed to live in the village.
Shillong, March 02: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongtyngur Unit today 2nd March 2021 with the assistance of some of the elders of the village has been able to repair the Diengjri nearby. of Nongtyngur Village to bring about the benefits of beauty and to preserve the heritage of our ancestors.
However, we have learned about this incident and we are very sorry,” said Bah Warjri.
As part of the discussion on environmental protection and the implementation of many environmental protection laws including the Environment Protection Act and the Biodiversity Act, the office of the Range Forest Officer, Mairang Range in collaboration with Eastern West Khasi Hills District Police on 16th July 2023 raided the illegal burning of rnga in several parts of the district. smuggling and smuggling of rnga in many places especially in Sohjarang and Pathar Lyndan areas for delivery to factories in Ribhoi district.
Inside the District.
Including 23 Executive Members elected from all over East Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi District, Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills. specially designed by the youth for the problems of the youth in any field and the ultimate goal should be to develop the youth in all aspects.
On this day, there was also a heavy rainfall which caused the students to become thyngian and the overcrowding of the students has caused more and more confusion among the students.
In this regard, it is well known that in Meghalaya there are about 100 types of land tenure, which are the land of Riad, Kur, Ri kynti, and other types of land tenure. There is a need for a special law because this land tenure system is different from others.
The meeting also decided to file a Public Interest Litigation against MePDCL for failing to improve the street lights because the residents have paid the tax through the Shillong Municipal Board. However, MePDCL has not been able to provide the public with the right to appeal.
The newly opened Guest House is located on an area of ​​1780.56 SqM and will provide accommodation and facilities for meetings.
According to him, if the border dispute in Arunachal Pradesh can be resolved, why not in Meghalaya.
At this public meeting, the market dwellers and the public also demanded that the Municipal should ensure that it has the authority to take over the land. Speaking at the meeting, the residents of Jaintia Hills Hills District have requested the residents of Jaintia Hills to provide a suitable land in accordance with the Solid Waste Management Act.
This rehabilitation center has, the following facilities, the rehabilitation of the Sniuh, Sniehdoh, Tyrsim, Niuhmat, and rehabilitation center, now there is no need to go anywhere else, these facilities There are no people in Shillong.
Shillong, November 22: Police of West Khasi Hills District today on receipt of a tip from East Khasi Hills District have conducted a raid at Urkali and arrested a suspect. Your name is Moktadir Rhman.
The meeting was attended by Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, Minister of Road Construction Martim M Danggo, Minister of Housing, Bah RV Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs and Bah Phlastingwell. Pangniang MLA and government officials from various departments.
Shillong, Iaiong 07: U Process T Sawkmie MLA of Mawlai from the Congress party on Tuesday said that if this happens, Meghalaya will soon be in darkness due to the increasing light outages.
Besides the songs, there will also be a drama performance and the purpose of the event is to raise awareness among the public that violence against women and children is a border issue and to fight against it requires cooperation. the peace and order in the society.
Healthy food should be clean and healthy, drinking clean water and especially cleanliness in all households and every person.
“They always say that when you start a business well, that business became easier.
The Governor of Meghalaya on this occasion handed over the weapons of the BSF troops on the border to the Governor of Meghalaya following the shooting in Bangladesh in Dhaka in which 20 people were killed. The army has been ordered to tighten its security on the border with Bangladesh.
The JSU feels that there should be no Rapid Test Kits at the border areas and entry points.
Answering additional questions regarding the shopkeepers, the EM said that they cannot be taken from them because their shopkeepers are so poor that they can be removed from any shopkeeper. for.
It is said that Bah Bronly has a human body, good eyes, blue hair, good teeth, is about 5 feet tall, wears a pink tupia. dark, gray jacket, blue pants, and blue slippers.
: the meaning is to listen; it is to distribute; it is the word that is spoken according to the question.
In the last three months, the Chief Minister has visited many districts of the state and the groups of farmers have been converted into producers and the members of the group will receive T.5000/- tyngka. and this money will be used as a start-up fee.
On the other hand, the authorities are still trying to rescue the people who were allowed to enter the coal mine at Lumthari, Ksan. which uses cameras Rov.
There are two roads constructed under the PMGSY scheme on the Assam-Meghalaya border, one from Muduki PWD Road with Pack No. AS-1 -753.
Shillong, Naitung 28: After the completion of the MHIS Phase-1 and Phase-II, and now the Phase-III, the Dorbar Shnong, Raid Dorbar and Kur Dorbars have been urged to , and the public to take action to register their names by paying 50 tyngka, or to renew their names under the Scheme MHIS-III. For 10 years, in terms of health, this scheme is a blessing and protection for all because it is “universal” all citizens can get this protection of up to tyngka 2,80,0 and for the elderly, 30,000 tyngka for households.
We invite you to participate and encourage the residents of Lyngam area, especially the villagers of Khatarshnong (we will increase the number of KFC; Khasi Fine Cuisine).
Government officials present on the occasion included the Commissioner and Secretary of the Revenue Department, Bah J Lyngdoh, Commissioner of Taxation, Abhishek Bhagotia. I have witnessed this day.
Fourthly, the Seng has demanded that the personal interview for Grades B, C and D should be abolished.
Shillong, Iaiong 29: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has informed that all the shops registered according to the list will be open from 10th to 3rd June from 9.00 am. morning until 4.00 pm only for those who have registered.
On the Independence Day of India, he and his friends went to the beach in the Arabian Sea. One man and one child were drowned in the depths of the sea.
Shillong, November 19: U Bah RD Pakyntein, Assistant Executive Engineer, PWD, Shillong, on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Nongstoin Police Station. District Jail of West Khasi Hills.
On the other hand, the JSU, after this issue started to arise within the KNGC in the past few years, has written many times and met with the Minister I/c Education Dept.
Regarding the school children, school buses should be used and those school buses should have specially trained teachers so that the children will not have any problems. The incident inside the bus, those are my suggestions. I hope that the government will do the right thing and in the future the government will accept my suggestion.
This area has also become a den of drugs, illegal activities, theft and this poses a threat to all the residents,” said the union.
In the top 10 category, three candidates scored 546 marks including Sreyoshi Aich of St. Marys Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Sngewbhalang Jaraiñ of St. Thomas Higher Secondary School, Mairang and Saphirihun Lyngdoh of Alpha English. Higher Secondary School, ka Joyarani Das of Jawaharlal Nehru Secondary School, Phubari, u Ragib Raonaq Abtahee of Janapriya Higher Secondary School, Bhalorbhita.
Everyone knows that the revenue of JHADC comes from coal, but now it has banned coal and other revenues within JHADC are too low, mostly from Professional Tax. it will not be able to meet the needs of the Council, especially to pay salaries.
On the occasion, CORP Working President Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, Bah Wanbok Suphai, President Central Zone, Samla Kyrshan Uriah, Secretary Nongpoh Circle and other office bearers of CORPha were also present. Speaking on the occasion, Samla Wanbok Suphai, Leader of the party, expressed his gratitude to the party for this initiative. It is a good step to provide the best service to the people especially to these patients who have been excluded from society and from their loved ones.
Towards the end of the tournament, Prime Minister Duh said that every athlete of the country is a champion.
A special team of BSF troops after receiving a tip that there were people about 200 meters from the Bangladesh border, seized seven plastic bags and loaded them into an ML-05V- 9305 which stands in Ladbamon.
The Directorate of Employment and Craftsmen Training (DECT) together with the Office of Personnel and Project Management Unit supporting the SHCDM Project conducted a cleanliness drive around the office. in collaboration with the Shillong Municipal Board, Meghalaya Fire Department.
The platform will be implemented from July 4, 2024.
In Puducherry, 24.
In India, the rich are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer. If nothing can be done about these crimes, they will continue to exist, he said.
In his Christmas greetings, the Vice President of India said that the life of the Lord Jesus contains teachings of compassion, mutual forgiveness and love and mercy.
Shillong, Nailar 12: U Union Minister of State for Child Development, Bishaweswar Tudu today met with state government officials to seek an account on the implementation of central government schemes from the distribution department. water and from the Department of Indigenous Affairs.
The Jirang Block Congress Committee (JBCC) has received information that the ticket was attempted to be forcibly issued by the party leadership without following the rules and regulations of the party. Independent MLA Victor Rani has joined the Congress party and attempted to violate the party's rules of procedure by violating the MPCC Office Order No.MPCC/2FC/6 /14 dt.6 January, 2014 with the intention of giving ticket to him, who is not a member of the Congress and also without any agreement with the Block Congress.
After 40 years of struggle for the rights of the District and Sessions Judge, the District and Sessions Judge of Jowai has sentenced Salbinal Nangbah and Belting Tyngkra of Mynkrem to 10 years imprisonment. He was fined T.5000,000 each for involvement in the rape of Prodic Nangbah from Mynkrem in June,
Shillong, March 06: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today in the presence of its General Secretary Lurman Talang, today held a meeting with the students and residents of the area. and others.
For more information, please call 8414030045 or
When the ILP comes into force, people who come to India from Meghalaya will be banned.
The House unanimously passed the Bill to extend the special allocation for MPs and LA Constituencies for the next 10 years.
The leaders of the union after inspecting this road urged the PWD of Nongpoh Division and Byrnihat Division to take action to repair this road especially for the people on the border. and the state of Assam for peaceful travel.
The union also congratulates the office of the Residence Commissioner of the state government for sending people to submit the applications to the office of the President, Prime Minister of India, the Ministry of Home Affairs and two Cabinet Ministers. Your country is located in India.
Their sacrifice for the country to become a free and equal country.
Besides these two, the group includes two others, Bah Jopthiaw Tiewsoh and Bah Mebankhraw Warjri who worked together to organize the festival at the MTDC grounds in Umiam.
In the 47th Rajabala Assembly Constituency, there will be four candidates. The Congress will nominate Hashina Yasmin Mondal, wife of Dr. Azad Zaman. Kingstone B Marak and Ashahel D Shira will be nominated by the UDP.
On the other hand, the union strongly demands that the District Council which holds the land should take action against this proposal and should not issue NOC for this proposal of the army.
The Seng expresses its concern and asks, Has the government taken action to implement the schools which have only one teacher post? However, the same employees from Class-I to Class-V are equal to schools with four, three, four or five posts and not to schools with eight posts in one school.
Ms Suk Parait in her speech expressed her gratitude to Bah Michael for being willing to reach out to help the people of this village who are in need of income and She said that it would be good if those who have received money would come out to help like Kharsyntiew and it would be a blessing to the poor.
Regarding the shortage of doctors and medicines, Raju said the government will train educated youth to become assistants to give medicines to pigs when they are sick. .
The Khasi Mawkhar Association (KHA) has organized a dance at Madan Weiking where all the branches from different parts of the Khasi Hills have come together to showcase to the world that we are a Khasi people. you have your own culture that you have inherited from your ancestors.
The Prime Minister said that he has taken seriously this issue in connection with the border demarcation.
The meeting was attended by senior health officials and the World Health Organization has named the new virus as a variant of interest.
When it comes to the issue of taking the decision of the people where they want to be, this is only one of the parts, but this discussion is that they have to look at the existence of the people, the rights of the people. to the people, you have to look at the belief according to history, you have to look at all these together.
The welcome speech was delivered by Bah Redmidus Mawrie and the welcome speech was delivered by Bah Johnystar Mawrie.
Speaking to reporters, KJNU President Nikman N Shadap said that the KJNU has already lodged a complaint with the Minister of Home Affairs and the DGP. The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills on 7/10/2020 but without doing anything, they cannot appeal to the higher authorities.
The complaint was lodged by the Finance Secretary of the VPP, Bah Danny Langstieh and handed over to the Superintendent of Police (SP), East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday.
“It is on this basis, after the election is over and it is my duty as a leader to look after the development and welfare of the villages and for the peace of the people. residents of the village,” said Bah Lambor.
In West Jaintia Hills, all three cases are from Mihmyntdu and in Shillong, all three cases are from different parts of Shillong.
There are 53 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in Eastern West Khasi Hills, 8 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South West Garo Hills and 39 cases in West Garo Hills. 1, Ri Bhoi 3, West Garo Hills 5 people.
When describing the Bri Hynniewtrep, he said, 'Hundreds of thousands of miles around the country have been lost around the border areas, because the boundary of the country is not known'
It is our efforts to make it easier to work in business in the private sector of the country so that the people and private entities of the country can assist the people of the country in the facilitation of working in the business.
The JAC has been fighting for three years on the issue of the removal of the Lyndoh of the Hima. Therefore, the JAC has reached the point where the Council has had to remove the Lyndoh of Hima Sohiong. bah Shephang Mountain.
To speed up the work, he went himself to inspect the area.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District today met with the Minister of PWD Martin M Danggo to discuss the maintenance of the road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji at a cost of T.20 crore. In this meeting, the PWD Minister said that the issue will be discussed with the CEM of KHADC on how to do this. Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Minister of Road Construction, Bah Forwardman Nongrem, the KSU SWKHD said that the PWD and the SWKHD have not discussed anything. KHADC has done something, but what they want is to repair the road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji as promised by the CEM of KHADC. The KSU SWKH District said that they don't know anything, they are holding on to what the CEM of KHADC promised at the meeting held at KHADC. At the same time, they urged the Minister of PWD who is also the MLA of this area to find ways and means how to reopen the PHC in Wahkaji which has been dormant for many years.
Ltd, Terumo Blood and Cell Technologies expresses its appreciation for this campaign.
Police chiefs and magistrates have come to the scene to request the leaders of the party especially the Working President of the party, Bah Nongrum to leave the scene but Bah Nongrum has not responded. They listened to their request and held this meeting in that place.
I will soon convene a meeting of the people of Madanriting, Laitkor, Umphyrnai, Mawlngad and other neighboring villages to discuss the need to go to the Supreme Court.
In the first instance, police also seized 14.2 kilograms of Crystal Neth worth T.1.5 crore.
Opposition Leader Dr Donkupar Roy, Shillong MP Vincent H Pala, many government ministers, KHADC MDCs and leaders were also present to support this request. The MSOA has also expressed its commitment to bring this sport to the state.
On the closing ceremony, the Chief Minister's Secretary, Bah Sngiawbhalang Dhar, who was also the chief guest, donated 1000 tyngka for the improvement of the Rot ka Biar.
The Government of India's initiatives to improve internet connectivity and telecommunications infrastructure have been significant in recent years, including initiatives such as the Digital India Program and the National Optical Fiber Network Project ( NOFN).
Speaking to media after handing over the petition to the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, Working President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah, said that the party has conveyed the demand for the resolution of the petition. Rule 128 (1) of the Constitution of Assam and Meghalaya Rules, 1951, which states, “All citizens of India who have reached the age of 18 years may vote. to become voters in the District Council elections”.
Our soldiers have done great things and protect us from any threats.
A candidate to be nominated by a political party recognized by the Election Commission of the country shall have seven or more nominees and a candidate to contest as an independent candidate shall be nominated by 40 nominees. up.
To condemn this incident, the KSU has decided to hold a "public march" at Mawkyrwat on 31/03/2021 from 11 am.
Referring to other districts, the Minister said that there are others who are in charge of the village how to do it, he cannot say anything about that because he should look after the areas where there is a need. March 2013 in West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Lber 16: The Chairman of the North East Regional Parties Forum (NERPF) and the Chief Minister of Nagaland, N. Rio, today said that all the ethnic parties will meet on the 23rd of this month in Assam.
Speaking at the meeting, Pastor Phawa said that the resumption of the building was after an agreement was reached with the MLCU on the 14th of this month in collaboration with the Vice Chancellor of the MLCU, Bah RG Priest.
At the same time, the Chief Minister has made it clear that this trade will be only within the state and no export will be allowed.
Shillong, Lber 29: Braining R Marak of the BJP, the candidate of Dadenggre in the last MLA election, has joined the All India Trinamool Congress.
What is needed here is that the state governments should provide only information and the work has been done by the central government. House and also to questions from public representatives across India.
The Executive Engineer replied that it will reach Mutong Village, according to a statement sent by Bah Yoniis Dkhar. u Education Secretary EJNC – San Shnong Circle.
The UDA has said that they cannot accept defeat. When they have filed their nomination papers, they withdraw their nomination papers. in the council they did not come.
BJYM Meghalaya President Samla Kurkalang.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Two men who worked to support their families have lost their lives due to a sudden collapse of a stone in Shillong today. They work at Lamlyer near Mawlyngngad in East Khasi Hills District.
Answering a question by Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem regarding the schemes of the NEC, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that in the year 2017-2 There are 24 schemes received from the NEC and three schemes for the year 2018-2
Aastha, who is one of the 20 students from B-Schools in India who have expressed their intelligence in spending time to complete their MBA degree. Thanks to OP Jindal Group for providing recognition for the grant.
P.D Sona, Shongknor, APLA-cum-Chairman, Indo-China Border Development Legislators Forum of Arunachal Pradesh, to Shyam Mehrotra, Inspector General, ITBP NE Frontier.
This has raised the question whether there is no rule from the SMB not to overload the vehicle carrying jhep especially the goods that have been brought from the houses. people in this vehicle of SMB to go to Marten in Mawlong.
Problem Solving, 7
It is learned that the distribution was sent to the people living in seven groups and 18 assistants.
This also brings us to be responsible and to be ready.
The seized bullets were taken to the police station.
Depending on the procedure, they must meet all safety-related requirements and must also put other measures in place.
When asked about the Simsang Bridge in East Garo Hills, he said, “Because I have just been elected as the Minister to look after the PWD department only in the last three months, I will gonna find out the facts what is going on for this bridge.
It is important for the children of the thousands, Rangbah Shnong, Sordar Shnong, Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Ministers, Basans, Dolloi, to understand that there are many problems facing the country and the nation. because we shall continue to comply with the laws passed by Parliament without establishing the unity of India and the Khasi States.
The Christian Academy School, Shillong, which has celebrated its 30th anniversary on Tuesday, honored the students of the school who have passed well in the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) examination 2023 and in the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) 2023, Arts, Science and Commerce examination announced recently by the Meghalaya Board of School Education.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, USC Sadhu, has directed the residents of East Khasi Hills District to bring their necessary documents in case of evacuation due to natural weather conditions.
He stressed on the commitment of the Central Government to bring economic development to Arunachal Pradesh and said that economic development and income in the border areas of the state and the welfare of the people people in these places is important.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Director General of Police (DSP) Dr. LR Bishnoi today said that in the past 48 hours, the state police have seized T.36.60 lakh cash, 996 liters of heroin and 996 liters of alcoholic beverages. drink 3.2 pounds.
The production of rice has increased since the arrival of quarrying factories in two or three districts of the state, in the EPIP of Ri Bhoi, the Industrial Area in Umiam and the West Khasi Hills District in Rywiang.
This is according to a statement issued by Ma Nangai Sutnga, Publicity Secretary of KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit.
My dear fellow citizens, the country has reached new heights, the country must appear worldwide.
In fact, the foundation stone of Tura Medical College has already been laid at Jewilgre near Damalgre but the Empowered Committee has not accepted the site according to the rules laid down by the Medical Council of India. The rule is that the Medical College should not be more than 10 KM from the Hospital.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Latham said that his RTI request for the roads constructed in Laitmawsiang village under the Hima Sohra to know how much has been spent on the construction of the roads. buying tires and building gravel roads.
The registration of all the 199 children who came to the program in their respective ages started with the registration of the children, followed by the weight measurement, height measurement, as well as other tests, including running, jumping, back throw and football.
Yoga has been conducted from the Arctic to Antarctica, including the research centers of India, Himadri and Bharati.
The management has appointed a committee to look into this issue. At that time it was proposed that those who have worked for 15 years will be recognized as full time employees. if they recognize those who have worked shiphew years.
Shillong, July 23, The Meghalaya Bharat Scout and Guides today congratulated Damang Khongwir, one of the youths selected to lead the Sixth International Scouts. and guide will be held in Sarjah, United Arab Emirates from the 10th to the 5th of June.
These appointment letters were distributed to candidates at North Eastern Hill University, North Eastern Police Academy, Employees Provident Fund Organisation, North Eastern Electric Power Corporation Limited, North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health & Medical Science and at the Department of Post.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, on receiving this information, has taken action to talk to the Central Government and the funds sent to Jharkhand have been returned to these youths. The Minister said that Meghalaya has 85 seats for doctoral studies and 50 seats belong to the central government this year. 2020-2021, the loss of these two students to continue their studies at Palamu Medical College in Jharkan is because the college has not renewed its permit with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government. .
It is to be recalled that the Congress has contested against Saleng Sangma MLA from Gambegre against Agatha Sangma MP from Tura. Shillong, June 24: The MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbirth Nongrum today sent a message to the State Government and also They also appealed to the Police Department to take action against the incident at one of the restaurants called Saw Aiom.
The SMC was held on 1st June 2018. The school has two parts, Elementary under Deficit and Higher Secondary under Adhock. The government has appointed four of them.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong today visited the Bishnupur Urban Health Center and Mawlai Nongkwar Urban Health Centre, Shillong, in preparation for the inauguration of the health centre. The Mission Indradhanush (MI) treatment will start on the 8th and end on the 15th of this month.
Our Khasi country is indeed a country blessed by God.
The members of the committee, besides the Chairman, are Bah Teinwell Dkhar, Lamphrang Blah, both MDCs, Macmillan Byrsat MLA. who has been together.
Last year the death toll was 129 animals.
Krisidian Nongtraw from Byrong Village, Wahlong Sirdarship admitted that the land at Neng Hat Mawbang is her land and said that the people who live on her land are building a shop without you have received permission from me as the owner of the land.
Therefore, the CoRP urges the authorities whether it is the company or the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to immediately repair the bad places to avoid any tragic incident and the people can be safe. you're looking for you.
The remaining 7 KM now falls under two raids, Raid Mawshun and Raid Mukiartila.
The power of Augmented Reality (AR) was also demonstrated and how it has been used to provide education to children across the country without the need for AR equipment. School, Raigad, Maharashtra in the presence of the Chief Minister of Maharashtra, Eknath Shinde.
Shillong, Naitung 29: BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh today seized two trucks of muid from Ichamati and 30 cows from Dangar in East Khasi Hills. District.
Second Place: Rs.50,000.
The State Chief Information Commissioner said that there should be no distinction in the work between the PIOs and the officers of the Appellate Authority. They shall go to the officer of the Appellate Authority.
We feel that it is the duty of the Government to help our Khasi from Mukroh who can provide information or witnesses to this incident, because only from poverty or ignorance will “We have seen the strength and courage of the Karbi in the border areas where in Khanduli they have set up the tax collection gate at Khanduli and “They have threatened our Pnar people not to form groups or organizations, when they have formed themselves as rebel groups as it has appeared through the media,” said the statement. “The forced execution of five lives in Mukroh on 22nd November 2022, but it is sad to see again the quickness of the Government and all those who have expressed their condolences and anger on this matter.
To ensure the smooth running of the examination, the villages which have the examination centers have helped to ensure that there will be no disruption at the examination centres.
MN Nampui, Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, Director of Information and Public Relations, was also present on the occasion.
I can explain if it is true,” said Sangma when asked about the allegation by VPP President Bah Ardent M. Basaïawmoit that many of the development works implemented by the the money is not taken by the ram.
He is a resident of Shillong and will not only meet and talk with Amitabh Bachchan but will also win a prize worth up to 1 lakh tyngka after winning the questions. from the phone company.
“I have called for this meeting of all the 30 MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
However, BJP leader Nalin has urged the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma to discuss the development of the state.
A nation without Hyndai is like a seed that grows on rocky ground and falls asleep in the heat of the sun.
New Delhi Lber 27: The Union Government has said that due to the rapid growth in Internet use, by 2020, the number of Internet users in India will reach 730 million. .
In a petition sent to the Prime Minister today, they said that they have already sent a letter to the Union Home Minister Amit Shah but unfortunately they have not yet received a reply. this.
This will be the first site in the North Eastern Region of India.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The Dorbar Shnong Mawiong Umjapung has re-elected Bah A Kharkongor as the new Rangbah Shnong, Bah JS Chyrngap, Bah M Jyrwa and Bah L Kharbuki. who are the symbols of the village chief.
Within 10 months of its release, the song in Hindi and other languages ​​has been viewed 3.5 lakh times and has 5.6 lakh impressions on four social media platforms like Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and YouTube.
The Seng also urges the BSF guarding the border with Bangladesh to work hard to arrest these people who enter India tomorrow morning even if they have a role to play in protecting the residents of Bangladesh. border regions.
Shillong, March 24: The KSU NEHU Unit and NEHU HHU today held a meeting with all the students of the Khasi community studying at NEHU and also to welcome the students home. The program was held at the Multi-Use Convention Hall at NEHU at 11 pm.
In a letter sent to the Minister of State for Child Development, Dr Jitendra Singh on 26th June, 2024, the Founder Trustee and Chairperson of NEST (I) Elizabeth Mathews Nongbri said, The Detailed Project Report for the Resumption of Uranium Mining Project in Meghalaya has been prepared by our team.
In 2017, 370 uniformed personnel have dedicated their lives in the service of the country.
The Meghalaya government has already appointed three committees to discuss the issue, one Regional Committee for West Khasi Hills, one for Ri Bhoi District and one for Jaintia Hills.
If we claim that they fall within the border of Meghalaya, we have lost because the Act 1971 which created Meghalaya has already clearly stated that these areas are outside the border of Meghalaya.
On this occasion, Dr Sabu A Joseph, Dy Inspector General/PSO laid a wreath at the monument.
Even the terminally ill, the elderly, children and women were not spared.
Shillong, July 10: The JSU War Jaintia Circle (JSU) has arrested a Bangladeshi man in Dawki.
He said that the government has sent a message to the civil society organizations within the state or to the civil society outside the state that they should not interfere because there is a law. , he said that the law enforcement agencies have done their part.
For those who need a curfew pass to travel in the evening, they have to apply from the DC's office through this website.
This is the technology to start the Shillong Ropeway Project, which will cost up to T.150 crore. The authorities used shall be in accordance with the newspapers available in the world, the nature of the sky and the nature of the population.
Shillong, July 23: To protest against the shooting and injury of two persons in Lumdingjri area in the past few days, some foreigners today held a protest at Khyndailad.
On this occasion, the elders of the Khasi Seng were present to witness this occasion and on this occasion the speakers gave advice on how to preserve our own culture and traditions. inheritance from generation to generation and to preserve it from generation to generation.
It is to be recalled that the term of office of these two District Councils will end on 4th October 2024 this year and Prestone said that this extension will work. work from 5th October for 6 months.
The Prime Minister said that what he said on Twitter was not from the official Twitter but from his personal Twitter.
This Aiom Leh Kmen is an annual festival organized by the Seng Samla Seng Khasi Seng Kmie before the end of the year with the participation of various branches of the Seng Khasi and Seiñ Raij. around the Khasi Hills.
In the meeting, the government has made it clear that it will not be able to accept enough teachers, but the government has opened the door for them to write the MTET examination again and if they pass they will be able to enter the MTET examination. we teach.
The union demands that the government should take more time to think how to immediately evict the illegal immigrants from the sweeper line so that peace and development can return to the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: More than 100,000 Catholics from three religious states, Shillong Arch Diocese, Jowai and Nongstoin today took part in the procession. This is held every year at the Laitumkhrah Monastery.
Other speakers at the rally were Embhlang Syiemlieh, Titosstarwell Chyne, Metbah Lyngdoh, Moonlight Pariat, Utpal Areng, Paul Lyngdoh, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, Donbok Khymdeit and Bindo M Lanong who also conducted the meeting.
The Prime Minister expressed his gratitude to the parents who have given their children to join this special police service and said, “Let us pray. For these youngsters who have taken the responsibility of the state, it is very difficult for the Creator to take care of them in carrying out their duties.
ACHIK said that they will not rest until they continue to demand the Roster System to be implemented since 1972 and the second city and without delay for justice for the people of A'chik.
According to sources, although the construction of the road from Baghmara to Maheshkhola is underway, the work is still underway only in those areas that have been taken over from the land owners. individual.
Dozens of people witnessed and heard with their own ears and received many trainings especially that the fisherman should also have his own dress. he shall dress to protect himself from the wrath of the fish when he draws the fish water from these boxes.
The donation is on the basis and helps the students of this school to reach higher levels in the present era.
The bill will be introduced in the next session.
For the exemption of Section 15, eKYC and linkage of Aadhaar to a valid bank account are required to ensure that the benefit reaches those who are eligible through the bank account linked to Aadhaar does not have to be used.
If this report does not reach the Governor within 48 hours, the Governor shall appoint any MDC as CEM and four EMs at the end of 48 hours; There may be only two CEMs, one elected by the Council under Rules 22 (2), and one appointed by the Governor under Rule 22 (3) only due to the delay in submitting the report shall be submitted to the Governor within 48 hours.
On the other hand, MSSASA leaders have tried to get information from Dr D Pyrbot who is the officer in charge of the state but she has taken leave while the staff in the office does not have a single one. On the other hand, the union is suspicious of the behavior of NIOS after it has raised all these issues regarding the teachers.
The Government has also decided to allow weddings to be held in places of worship from 16/8/2021, but the Government has not yet allowed to hold weddings, according to the officer. The Chief Minister of the State will issue the orders in these days.
Shillong, July 21: Meghalaya today celebrated its 51st Anniversary.
Speaking to media after the swearing-in ceremony, UDP KHADC leader Bah Titosstarwell Chyne said that the UDA has 19 members and they will soon submit a letter to the KHADC. Answering questions regarding the writings of the four MDCs who joined the UDA, Bah Chyne said that he is still working on the Administrator Rule. Only the UDP leader, to elect the UDA leader, they will have to sit as a group.
Shillong, June 28: The Railway Protection Force (RPF) in charge of the Northeast Frontier Railway has arrested 173 persons from time to time to raid counterfeit ticket sellers. .
The sale of piat from the market is to be delivered to the States and Union Territories as the price of piat has increased compared to last month. different states.
He said that if the government does not release these members without any conditions, the 13 political parties will meet again to discuss how to proceed in this regard.
Health is one of the most important issues of the party and we feel that it is also one of the most important issues of the people.
On receiving a tip, the Mawlai Fire Brigade rushed to the scene to extinguish the blaze. neighboring houses.
He said that such discussions will accelerate the implementation of the NMEO-Oil Palm.
Alliance Air has been able to operate the Lucknow-Gorakhpur route under the UDAN
On the other hand, the SSA teachers demanded that the government should release their salaries before the 20th of November.
to discuss the state of peace and order in the state which has resulted from the protests of the shiphew Seng Bhalang.
The meeting was attended by the HSPDP led by Bah HB Dann, the UDP led by Bah Sing Mulieh and others from the NIC, NPP.SP News ).
Donlad Diengdoh (26′) scored the only goal of the game with a powerful header to seal the result at the SSA Stadium at First Ground, Polo, despite Rangdajied throwing everything they could and even being denied by the crossbar in the second half.
His leadership has increased the interest of the people in yoga and the recognition of yoga, Jadhav said.
“We want the state government to clarify that the CPC does not include the District Councils,” said the CEM of KHADC. and CrPC shall include all the Courts in the State including Village and District Council Courts. Even if the Government enacts the CPC and CrPC, it shall not affect the District Courts. Council in accordance with Para 5(3) of the Sixth Scheduled.
It is worth mentioning that all political parties were invited to attend these Dorbar Ri.
He said that KHNAM is born from the heritage of those who will be born on this earth. He said that he understands clearly why the nation is like this because of the desire for power and glory.
Shillong, Naitung 27: U Conrad K Sangma MP of Tura today led a meeting of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) in the presence of Bah Vincent H Pala MP of Shillong, Bah AL Hek MLA. and members of the JAC from Custom and Central Excise to submit the petition to Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
“Today India has left behind slavery and is embracing this ancient glory of construction.
On the same day, the BGB troops also arrested Bangladeshis who tried to enter the market.
Regarding the tax on commercial vehicles, Jyrwa said that since the outbreak of COVID-19, buses have been banned without income, after being released, they can operate only 12 days a month. while the government sends them to pay 100% of the tax, this is unacceptable.
The tournament, which will be attended by more than 350 athletes in 13 different categories, will be held at the SAI Indoor Stadium at NEHU from 25th November to 1st November.
The program was organized by the Tirot Sing Syiemlieh Death Anniversary Committee, Hima Nongkhlaw in collaboration with the Center for Historical Research, Synod College, Shillong and the Department of Arts and Culture of the State Government.
There are 45 recoveries, 33 from East Khasi Hills, 7 from West Jaintia Hills, 2 from West Garo Hills, 1 from East Garo Hills, 1 from South West Garo Hills. 12985 people.
One of the principles of the Riti Academy is to be humble, humble and to avoid being selfish, excluding those who work outside the group who are not members of the group. .
This celebration of the unity of the country is an opportunity to instill in the youth the idea of ​​the right to deity as citizens for the sake of the country.
He said that regarding the increase in the price of textbooks, the union said that this will affect the students and especially the parents as it can lead to the dropout of school. temporary children in the state.
Thousands of people from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills have attended the closing ceremony.
Shillong, Lber 07: The Department of Social Work (MLCU) has conducted a training to raise awareness among the people on how to fight against violence against women.
East Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills won the bronze medals.
Those changes are that 2014 will be the year of registration and after that it will no longer be accepted.
The Crowbrough Hotel in Khyndailad was first awarded to M/s AC Builder in 1986, in which the company had to file a lawsuit to resolve the dispute, and it was resolved. The government has had to pay the company up to T.1.2 crore to get the house back.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday vowed to close down banks and ATMs if they fail to identify the land titles issued by the Council. by KHAD (Regulation and Administration of Land) Act, 2021.
Teiborlang Pathaw has been appointed to the post of Enforcement and Labour.
These three organizations stand on the ground to oppose the railway line while the government has not been able to provide safety measures against the influx of foreigners.
A 24-year-old woman named K.Sema, resident of Nongpoh, who had just come to Shillong to buy something, was shot dead by these robbers. .
Shitlang Pale, Process T Sawkmie and Mayralborn Syiem won the MLA elections in 2018 from the Congress party. Mayralborn has been appointed as a member of the Congress party.
Referring to the request from Meghalaya, he said the Assam government has agreed with what was expressed, and today they have given the names of the areas without dispute. Meghalaya has been implementing development projects for the past decades and these areas should be included in Meghalaya.
On the suggestion of Bah Ardent to install CCTV cameras on the bridge, the Minister said that they have not yet considered it. For this reason, this bridge cannot be maintained.
The opening ceremony of the workshop began with the lighting of candles and flowers to Dhanvantari, followed by the awarding ceremony of the invitees.
It may be recalled that Bah Auguster was the former General Secretary of the KSU. The meeting was also attended by Congress leaders from Shillong North. Bah Jyrwa to be the MDC candidate of the party.
This ban is to bring about cleanliness in this river.
The houses that have been built in this area are only for 10 himas and many others are still pending. This Khasi village in Mawphlang has become a political issue.
On the occasion of the launch of the book, the family members and friends of the book were present to give their support in connection with the launch of the book written by Thrumen M. Try.
The vehicle, the sugar and the two arrested persons were handed over to the Custom Department for further action.
Shillong, November 18: The President of the Khasi Authors Society, Dr. DRL Nonglait today said that the Khasi Authors Society (KA) needs to have an office in Shillong. to the government to request land for the construction of an office of the Society.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has sent the ADC AG Momin to take the names of all the people who are present and also the houses that have been locked to take the necessary action.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Minister of State, General Secretary Bah Kyllang Thongi said that the Meghalaya government should not listen to the Assam government. There are other ethnic groups who want to go to Assam and the party does not want to see the land lost.
On the other hand, the government has not yet been able to bring them to its own state while those cement companies have not been able to bring them from any state. They walk every day within the state, while the state residents even inter district if they walk they have to be punished by the law enforcement agencies.
In his speech, the president of the KSU, reminded that Kiangnangbah is not from any great clan or chief, but he is a common man, but when he receives religious persecution, he becomes a paradoh parasnam. The mountain gathers the rangkynsai to fight against this insult and is indeed an example for love for one's own nation.
The party welcomes the new district as a vision of the Chief Minister to bring the services of the government closer to the people. this area.
Brolding Nongsiej will replace Metbah Lyngdoh from the UDP party after Metbah won the election as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly in the MDA government. The UDP has won the MLA election from the 31st Mawthadraishan Constituency.
Regarding the discussion on the remaining issues, they will have to discuss and arrange the time because there is still a lot of work to do and especially in Assam, elections are still going on. .
Aditya Goenka SP of CID has been posted as SP of F&ES while Claudia A. Lyngwa SP of East Khasi Hills District has been posted as Commandant of 1MLP Battalion Mawiong.
At this meeting, they discussed the need to strengthen the party office bearers especially in those areas where the party does not have MLAs as there are those who have emerged like Bah Preston Tynsong, Sniawbhlang Dhar and others. The party and the party office bearers also appeared in these places where there is a need for new appointments.
Police have seized 340 unexploded rounds of ammunition and four boxes of ammunition from a forest in South Garo Hills on Friday morning.
According to the Constitution, the NEFIP shall have a Federal Assembly which shall take important decisions and shall implement those decisions by the Central Executive Council.
Speaking to reporters, he said that there has been a written complaint with the Home Ministry since 2010 and the government has not set up a police station in the area. it is understood that the government has so far failed to set up a police station in the area.
The FKJGP will never allow the Kyndang Kwah which is the main cause for the problems of the Jaitbynriew, at the same time the Seng will Demand from Mr. Pynshngain.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The office bearers of the BJYM Nongstoin Constituency were confirmed on 17-09-2016 at Nongstoin. The meeting was chaired by Samla Johney Syiemlieh. The speakers were Samla O. Shabong, Secretary BJYM East Khasi Hills, Bah F. Marwien District President BJP West Khasi Hills, Bah H. Myrthong, BJP Executive Member and DD Sohphoh. Egenstar Kurkalang State President BJYM Meghalaya, in his speech, said that the youth and the people do not trust the MUA-II government and the present leaders because they do not take responsibility for the people. The youth as well as the people of the state are facing various problems, even in the last dorbar synrai the state government has not been able to introduce a single law or action plan for the development of The youth as well as the people, even the opposition have not done their duty as the opposition because of the many problems that the youth and the state have faced but they do not dare to use force or use force with the government.
Dr Mukul said the Congress party does not want power, but wants all parties with non-religious views to work together to form a government in Delhi.
Shillong, July 07: The Social Welfare Department in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police, MLAs, MDCs and District Administration of East Khasi Hills District today held a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs of Shillong. They held a meeting on how to fight against drug trafficking and to revive the Village Defense Parties.
The winning candidates were,
Shillong, March 04: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the JHADC, Bah Andrew Shullai, today said that he has already sent the names of the EMs to the Governor of Meghalaya for submission. compliance.
Shillong, July 24: The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District today informed that special search teams known as “Flying Squads” have been deployed in all 11 constituencies in the district.
One of the blood donors, Bah Vivek Khongsti, said that this blood donation is part of the struggle to preserve the environment and this is a great task and he said that this will be a great blessing to the people. public.
To become the state with the highest number of recoveries in the country, Meghalaya has implemented three measures before the first COVID-19 case in the state – the use of The SIER method was developed in collaboration with the Indian Institute of Public Health (IIPH), Shillong.
“Change, Work and Transformation has been the belief in the last five years,” he said, adding that this can be seen across the country today.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Excise Department of Meghalaya Government has conducted a recruitment for the post of Constable at Iertshyrwat village on the road to Mawdiangdiang. transportation for those applying for this position.
The Chairman of GHADC, Rakesh Sangma, has announced that the election for the new Chief Executive Member of GHADC will be held on the first day of 31st July
The payment of taxes has been done through four banks announced by the government namely State Bank of India, ICICI Bank, United Bank of India, Vijaya Bank and IDBI Bank.
In Shillong, many of the playgrounds were filled with children and parents took their children for a walk.
More than 2000 people have been trained so far in facilities to host G20 meetings.
Regarding the fine of T.100 crore by the NGT to the state government, the state government has been ordered to withdraw the money collected from the Meghalaya Reclamation Fund (MRF) and the money is now too much. to T.400 crore.
Guwahati, November 01: The second meeting of the newly appointed NITI Forum for North East will be held in Guwahati on November 4, 2018 in the presence of Vice Chairman NITI AAYOG, Dr Rajiv Kumar and Minister of State for Child Development. Dr Jitendra Singh, Head of DoNER, will co-chair the meeting.
It is to be recalled that the KSU South West Khasi Hills District has approved the appointment of a full time District Medical and Health Officer in the district for more than a year.
“We as the union cannot accept these robbers who have lost the spirit of humanity especially when they don't want to take even the life of a 5 year old child,” said the statement.
Dr Pakyntein was speaking at the opening ceremony of the Khasi Pnar Exhibition and Prayer organized by MASCOM with the support of the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya.
Not only that, but it will also fight to find jobs when they are released from prison.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, on Tuesday congratulated Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, CEM, KHADC and the members of KHUDA for approving the Village Administration Bill Many of the Syiems, Ministers, Sirdars, Rangbah Shnongs, as soon as they learned that the who has taken the lead in bringing forward the proposal to amend the KHAD (Village Administration) Bill 2013 and to suspend the KHAD (Village Administration) Bill 2013 to ensure that it does not violate the rights of traditional authorities. .
Shillong, Naitung 05: The Presidential candidate of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) Ram Nath Kovind will arrive in Meghalaya on Tuesday to meet with MLAs and MPs. MPs of the state to seek their support in the upcoming presidential election.
The union invites all the students of the area, Rangthong, Photjaud, Mawmerang and Mawthanrew to join the unit. to send the documents to the leaders of the party before
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Qualapatty Dorbar Shnong has elected Dester M Thangkhiew as the new Rangbah Shnong and Martamlin Pyrbot as the new Rangbah Shnong. , 7 women were also elected to hold office.
Shillong, November 09: The BJP Meghalaya State Unit today held a protest in front of its office at Bivar Road to protest against the corruption charges against Rajya Sabha MP Dhiraj Prasad. Sahu in which more than Rs 100 crore was seized from his residence in Jharkhand.
In connection with this tragic incident, the AJYWO urges the law enforcement authorities to investigate and punish according to the rules of law all those involved in the suicide. the value of the deceased young man.
Strengthening tourism development: The B20 Conference of the G20 Presidency in Aizawl has played a major role in the development of tourism even in small states like Mizoram.
This song was sung in honor of the President of India.
The PWD Department has to do something for the traffic of the people inside these villages as this is the only bridge connecting the people of Siju and Baghmara.
SHILLONG, Jymmang 31: The Minister in charge of Information and Broadcasting in Meghalaya, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that the media is the fourth pillar of public administration. The annual meeting of the Meghalaya Editors and Publishers' Association (MEPA) was held today.
On this occasion, he was at Congress Bhavan for 10 days to meet with the party workers. What the vice president of the party wants is that the party should be cleaned up to the villagers and he believes that the strength of the party. of the Congress party is in the cleanliness of their offices in the villages.
Shillong, July 29: RNB Cement has decided to set up a school for the villages around its dewbilat factory in Umiam.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the truck drivers said that they have been arrested since the first day and they don't know when they will be released to come to Shillong.
Regarding this, it may be recalled that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has said that the government has not yet taken any decision. participation in all areas.
Shillong, Naitung 04: With a 91% recovery rate and only 3 active COVID-19 cases (as of July 26, 2020), Meghalaya has achieved fight against COVID-19 by taking this as a goal in front of the health services.
Why is it necessary to deploy security guards on the campus if there is no proper plan?
Dawki, July 23: Three Bangladeshis were arrested by Dawki Village on the 22nd of this month while they were walking towards the Dawki Bridge.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KYWW) has received information through RTI that there are many vacancies in the office of the Directorate of Land Records and Survey of the State Government. Director of Land Records, Two posts Assistant Director (Gazetted) of Survey, One post Stenographer, One post Duftry, Two posts Grade IV. One post Printing Supervisor, One post Zinc Correction Grade II, One post Printer Grade II, Three posts Grainer Grade II, One post Operator, One post Developer, One post Typist, One post Head Computer, One post Computer Grade II, One post Traverser Grade I, Four posts Traverser Grade II, One post Traverser Grade III, Three posts Plain Table Surveyor, and One hundred (102) posts Khalasi.
The lockdown has affected many people especially the poor families who have been severely affected in their income due to the long curfew to prevent the spread of Corona Virus.
At the same time, she said that it should be explained that violence against women is increasing day by day, discrimination against women and children still exists even though Meghalaya is considered to be a state that takes jait from the mother.
More than 5,08,701 people have been tested so far, of whom 21,793 have been diagnosed with the disease and have been referred to better health facilities.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Timothy D Shira, on Tuesday said that he will talk to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to talk to the Northeast Frontier Railway. light work at Mendipathar Railway Station.
The population of Bangladesh is estimated at 16 crore and Bangladeshi Hindus alone number 1.6 crore.
Only the Garo region in Meghalaya is connected to the country's railway lines through the Mendipathar-Dudhnoi railway line.
Shillong, June 09: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today said that 123 people have been tested negative for the swap test in the state so far. Meghalaya is still free from the Corona Virus.
Two MLAs of Tura from South Tura, John Leslee K Sangma who conducted the meeting, in his speech reminded the officers that it is their duty to fight for the They should improve the economic development in Garo Hills and should do their job without surrendering themselves to politicians by using money well.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Speaker of the House, Mondal, said that Bah PR Kyndiah is a great man and this book will help the MLAs and also those youths who have the intention to He was appointed as Governor and after returning to politics he became a Cabinet Minister in the Union Government.
Speaking to his supporters, Darly said he has no hesitation in contesting against PA Sangma and is confident that they will win the election.
However, when it reached the government, the old salary of LP School teachers is T.9,200 tyngka while the new salary is T.13,335 tyngka. The old salary is T.9,900 and the new salary is T.14,3
The residents of Lapangap village have appealed to the district authorities of West Jaintia Hills to talk to the Assam government on this issue but the district authorities of West Jaintia Hills have not done anything. Assam has not known anything about the opposition of the village and is still implementing this road.
The state needs a strong law to fight corruption.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) today celebrated the 50th Anniversary of the Liberation War of Bangladesh in 1971 at Congress Bhavan Shillong.
After the arrest, he was taken to another driver identified as Rishan Pyngrope, 29 years old and identified as Roy Bas in Nongrimhills Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: Police today said that they have arrested Bah Donbok Kharhujon, 29, of Lumbasuk Nongthymmai, Shillong.
On the other hand, the staff said that the doctor was still eating in the room.
The names of 40 candidates accepted by the MPCC Election Committee today include the name of Bah Vincent H Pala MP Shillong Seat and this will be his first time to contest the MLA election. to the state legislature.
Regarding the problems faced by the State Sports Associations in the past two years, the Minister of Sports said that the Department of Sports will soon release the grant-in-aid to the State Sports Associations. The State Government and the Sports Department will take measures to support the development of sports.
In a complaint signed by the President Stevenson Khyriem and Education Secretary Orister Mawlong, they admitted that some Kharmetor had created trouble at the restaurant and refused to pay for the food. by Kharmetor groups to attack the Khasi and disrupt the peace and order in the society.
Speaking to us, she said that the state needs about 32,000 metric tonnes of fish per annum but from our own state we can produce only 19,373 metric tonnes which is less and we have to rely on foreign countries.
: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the Government will soon convene a meeting of various groups to discuss and exchange views on the return of the Ministry of Home Affairs. the Meghalaya Residences Amendment Bill 2020 and sent some comments.
In a statement, the HITO has placed a Syntiew in front of the statue built by the government at the State Central Library. Paiem U Tirot Sing Syiem on his 186th death anniversary today.
The program will be broadcast live on Doordarshan (DD National, DD News, DD India), radio channels, TV channels, digital media including YouTube channels of EduMinofIndia, Narendramodi, Pmoindia, Pibindia, Doordarshan National, MyGovIndia, DDNews, National TV, Independent.
Shillong, Nailur, 25:The Department of Sanitation and Health in the villages of East Khasi Hills District has invited applications from the villages for awards under the scheme. The Deputy Commissioner, Chairman of the District Rural Development Agency, East Khasi Hill District will hold an award ceremony for the cleanest villages and other villages. Those who wish to participate can fill up their names and the forms can be obtained from the offices of the various blocks. The forms can be collected before the 30th of this month.
Shillong Lajong FC has 11 points from four games and Malki Sport Club has 13 points from seven games.
They are also working to look into the proposal to build a road from Anogres Raksamgre via Jangrapara.
The militants, suspected to be members of ASAK, took away the driver of the bus, CP Ahamed and another passenger. They also took away these two truck drivers.
All SLBCs have been directed to conduct programs on income generation, enrollment under the Prime Minister's Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana (PMJJBY), Prime Minister's Security Insurance Yojana (PMSBY) and Atal Pension. Yojana (APY), providing information and training to the people on financial matters and also to recognize the hard work of the branches, BCs and others.
This year's participants are also from more remote parts of the country like Bishnupur (Manipur), Jagatsinghpur (Odisha) and Sadarpur (Madhya Pradesh).
The villagers, when they saw the blaze, came out to help extinguish the fire but could not extinguish it. The fire destroyed the house and all the belongings.
They have to stay in the house.
Most of the technologies used in the healthcare system in the country are imported, and are very expensive and more difficult to use in India.
Under the Land Acquisition Act 2013, public notice must be called for when acquiring land.
“Don't let your presence in the KSU make you arrogant, but walk with humility, be ready to work with the Village Leaders or the Women's Associations or Youth Associations in the community. society to bring about economic development and well-being.
“We have evidence that she has a connection with the RSS and that is why we don't want her to have such a thing.
In KHADC, as of 9.00 pm, the turnout was 74.43%, of which 78.71% were women and 74.43% were men.
In 2014, the country had 11 lakh km of optical fiber.
The theme of the game is that there is a law to punish those who throw garbage.
Those who visited the Indus Valley showed the abundance of farming and fishing in India in ancient times.
The 108.40 km Byrnihat-Shillong railway line was completed in 2010-1
Police are conducting investigation to track down the perpetrators.
He also recalled the steps taken by the party to open the Maitshaphrang MMA and Fitness Team in Nongthymmai as one of the shlems to train the youth in the field of physical education and also to promote to the youth in sports.
The Prime Minister said that the government's aim is to protect its own people and in this protection we have to ensure that the entry of people into the state will not be too affected.
Bah Ryngkhlem urged the Government authorities to take necessary action regarding the loss of these four lives. u nongshoh mawria together with the mother where they used to take their children together after the son left school every day.
Speaking on the significance of the next 25 years, Prime Minister Duh said the country is determined to achieve its aspirations.
