Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Megha Kayak Festival 2022 will be held from 13th to 16th November 2022 at Umtham Village in Ri Bhoi District. .
(SP News)1BJP1212CPI103GNC204HSPDP1615INC5466KHNAM317LJP408MDP209NPP32010NCP19211NESDP1012RSC0113SP11014UDP45515IND1188.
Narendra Modi has worked to reduce carbon emissions by distributing electricity across the country and India is now leading in hydropower and solar power generation.
In this case, the word is the Hok.
At the same time, he said that as farmers, we have to work hard and at the same time we will not sit back to demand their rights from the government.
Others who attended the function included MDC Mairang-Nongkhlaw, Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang, MDC Pariong-Mawthadraishan, Bah Jambor War, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh. , the King of Myriaw, the King of K.King, the King of Mawiang, the King of N.King.
Industry groups such as CII, FICCI, ASSOCHAM and income experts have also been invited to give their views on the impact on income if elections are held at the same time. .
M.T) which has brought the government's activities closer to the farmers by phone.
Members of the Meghalaya Karbi Women Social Welfare and Cultural Association (MEA) have also held a Miss Karbi 2017 contest which was held on the 20th of June.
Freedom fighters like Sardar Bhagat Singh, Chandrashekhar Azad, Ram Prasad Bismil, Ashfaqullah Khan, Birsa Munda and thousands of others who sacrificed their lives for us.
 Keep mobile phones charged for connectivity and utilize SMS. Stay informed through radio broadcasts, television updates, and newspapers.
At the Regional Committee meeting convened at Langpih recently, the MLA and MDC members did not receive a notice to attend the meeting.
In his speech, the Prime Minister expressed his concern over the implementation of government schemes for the benefit of the people which do not reach the people in the rural areas.
Shillong, Nailur 20: U Bah L.Kresence Singh Lyngdoh, Presbyterian Church of Nongpiur, Shillong, has passed away today. month.
Nongstoin, July 07: The residents of Wahkaji area have demanded that the government should take over the PHC at Wahkaji from UCIL which has been running for several years.
Superintendent of Police, BJ Laloo, said that the suspect, Kaldinus Syiem, had surrendered to the police on the 8th of this month. date of this month.
The group of youths led by volunteer Barilang Pyngrope said that they want the age of employment in the Police Department to be based on the Office Memorandum (OM) of
The land requested by the KHADC is from the government and the request is for 20 acres to build the office of the KHADC. 3 acres, it was said that if the present land is given, it will be used in such a way that it will generate revenue for the Council.
Shillong, Iaiong 15: A family has lost their home in Tuber Kmaishnong, East Jaintia Hills District, Shillong today. In this incident, the people who were in this house escaped from this injury.
This shows the decline in the value of humanity and social harmony.
The President also urged the parakurs who used to give only the Lyngdoh clan but should write down the Lyngdoh Thabah clan.
Pilot R Marak MCS, who is not an ADC, will be the Deputy Commissioner of South Garo Hills District.
This lack of attention of the Central Government shows the contempt of the Khasi people just because they are a minority.
The Amlarem Civil Sub-Division was established on 12th Nov 1976 and is responsible for the border areas and the largest international trade port in Meghalaya. Bangladesh.
This assistance is also part of the efforts of the farmers to develop their agriculture and livestock.
The DC urged the people to go to these places in their villages and townships to register from the 19th of this month.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday requested the Minister of Social Welfare of the State Government to take action to ensure that the Central Government offices should implement the 44% recruitment of the Scheduled Tribes of the State.
The MLA of the area, Bah George B Lyngdoh, on receiving the information, rushed to the village and on the part of the MLA, he gave assistance to the owner of the house affected by the natural disaster.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: BSF troops on the border of Meghalaya and Bangladesh have arrested Battle M. Sangama while he was trying to smuggle a bike into Bangladesh.
Youths from far away can call the Khnam State Youth Wing at 9774414380 for more information.
His visit to Sarjah United Arab Emirates is like a meeting of all the Scouts and Guides so that there will be a closer relationship between them and the world will recognize them.
There are 2 recoveries from East Khasi Hills District today, bringing the total number of recoveries to 13855 so far.
The carpet cleaning of the Shongknor's room and other rooms amounted to 3,84,8
He forcibly turned Umthe into a village by giving syrnot to a foreigner who is not the owner of the land because only non-owners live in Umthe because it is a forest village.
The mid-term elections in the 53-Ampati Constituency have been described as a contest between Dr Mukul Sangma of the Congress and Conrad K Sangma of the NPP. talk about the leadership between the two in Garo Hills.
On the other hand, former vice president of the KSU, Bah Danny Khyriem, said that there were 33 candidates who contested the election and three of them won easily because no one stood to contest.
At this meeting, they also decided not to demand the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya.
Our meeting was about the delay in completion of this road and the slowness of the department but as the union was surprised after the Executive Engineer explained that as of now this road has not received the funds. than Government.
After several hours of discussion, the SBCC has elected Bah Haislet Kharhunai to send its candidate to the MPCC. Only 15 candidates from Sohiong constituency and one unit from each unit were allowed to attend the meeting to elect the MDC candidate.
Shillong, Nailar 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited Sohiong constituency of the Minister in charge of Water Supply, Bah Samlin Malgniang to inspect the implementation of the Water Supply Scheme. to the house of the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM).
They also demanded that if the government wants to revise the Reservation Policy, it should appoint a retired judge of the Supreme Court to look into the Reservation Policy. any ethnic group and that it should not affect the 40 la 40 which is a special share for the Khasi and Garo.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Erwin K Sutnga, after the meeting with the CEM of KHADC, said that the meeting between the two parties was to inform him that many vehicles are coming from abroad. You can work in this state without having a Labor License.
Try to get out of the house quickly and stay away from ponds, wells, wells and other places where there is water.
For the last 10 years, the celebration of Yoga around the world on this day has spread the message of practicing Yoga for physical and mental health and also for a faithful life, he said.
FKJGP Shillong City leaders said that the authorities in Marten even after learning of the incident have not done anything but the search for the body of this man has been delayed. A team of police from Mawlai Police Station rushed to the scene after receiving a tip about the incident.
The Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday vowed to file a defamation case against the alleged corruption of T.1300 crore in the implementation of the Eco-Tourism Project. in East Garo Hills (EGH).
The Minister of Agriculture said that if they had issued the order from 2018 but as the Districtor has read the order, it is clear that this drug affects the health. affects health farmers understand that.
If the transformer cannot work , it will cause problems to the residents of the area and also to the school children . Executive Engineer H. Iacias and promised to send a new replacement inside the truck within the time limit.
With this goal, Shillong Lajong FC won the match 2-1
The groups that met with the Governor were the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod led by Rev. SS Majaw.
He explained about the seven parts of the flower which represent the seven kingdoms and the seven songs.
Bah Bina said that this dance was performed by the ancestors of our ancestors and we accept it as it is and this dance was performed by the slaves of the Syiem of Basan Khatar Kur and Rangbah. village with the support of the residents of Raid Nongtung.
This shows that those who have taken the examination through schools are still many who have passed.
The foundation stone for the construction of these two roads was laid by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on November 19,
On the other hand, the NSUI urges the government to introduce policies to resolve the conflict between the haves and have-nots in Meghalaya.
Besides, T.36 lakh was seized in 2022, T.45.6 lakh in 2023 and T.60,000 thousand in
Shillong, July 13: The HPF Ri Bhoi District has donated assistance to a family whose father has not returned home until the 1st of this year
As leaders, we are sleepless nights, especially in these days, how is the District Council in Jaintia Hills where the employees have not received their salaries for nine months, in Garo Hills District Council has not received their salaries for three months? You are not yet in KHADC, but it may come one day if you don't work hard.
The Deputy Chief Minister has urged the parents to teach their children to go back to agriculture, farming, farming and so on. Otherwise, there is no need to expect government jobs from now on.
Shillong, Nailur 05: U Bah AL Hek, Minister in charge of Information Technology, today inaugurated a computer training center at Nongmensong Presbyterian LP and UP School, Shillong. just don.
The facts should not be hidden and the youth should be allowed to grow up in the right way so that they can decide for themselves what is right and what is wrong.
Regarding the demand for ILP, the union demands that the central government should accept the decision of the state government in order to prevent the illegal influx of people into the state. They demanded that the Central Government should implement the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act
The party congratulates this leader who has gone quickly to discuss and support these border crossers.
About 700 residents who have been affected by the water shortage have left their homes today to support the decision of the URPC to close down the water supply system. the company that polluted the water source.
“The North East has suffered injustice in the past decades,” said Bah Jyrwa, “we will say this from time to time, from generation to generation. that the Government of India has wronged us but the Government of India has denied that it has wronged us.
On the other hand, the winners of the tournament were Insp Shri Manilal Singha and Shri Sajan Paul MPS (Asstt.
He requested the TMC leader to take action and discuss the matter.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) and the HSPDP on Tuesday decided to join hands under the umbrella of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) for the Lok Sabha and elections. MDC, who will be next year.
He said that as a member of the special committee which discussed the amendment of the sixth scheduled, he took the initiative to open the door for a discussion on this issue for six hours. Many MPs from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in the committee opposed his proposal on the bill to amend the Sixth Schedule.
Dr Ampareen said she was not in the Cabinet and did not know what they were talking about. The truth is that any decision to implement for the benefit of the people was taken in the Cabinet. , the BJP and the UDP cannot join hands.
The HITO handed over the 18 arrested persons to the Mawkyrwat Dorbar Shnong in the presence of the leaders of the Mawkyrwat Youth Association and the Village Defense Party (VDP).
He said that he did not want Meghalaya to become like Manipur.
The injured were taken to NEIGHRIMS for treatment.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah S Diengdoh President of MCCLEU said that the union has sent 40 demands to the government. They have received their salary for five months.
Shillong, June 18: Answering a question by Bah Syntar Klas Sunn regarding the Crowborough Hotel in Khyndailad, the Minister of Tourism and Tourism, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, said that the He said that according to the decision of Judge BK Sharma, Bah Leseley Shylla should complete the work within three months.
The Prime Minister said that although such evils have spread, we have to work to eradicate them one by one.
Bishal Sinha won two gold medals, Sanjay Dawar won silver and Melanie Parait won one medal. Toyarisa Swer Nongrum won the silver medal, Balari Shisha Rani won the bronze medal and Alice C Gante won the silver medal.
As Chief Secretary, you shall not be involved in any political activities.
The Seng said that this sudden order has affected the minds of the children how to prepare, as even the schools have just opened for six months.
During the train stop at the railway station, the police did not allow the children to buy drinking water.
He handed over the keys of the building to the Minister of GAD at a meeting held at the building which has been constructed by the company.
However, the Labor Departments are issuing Labor Licenses which is a violation of the Act.
Speeches were delivered by Bah Badonnam Kharbithai, Sordar Shnong Kharang, Bah Roy Pyngrope, Rangbah Dong Mawbynna, Members of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong, Leaders of the Sports Club and other other.
Police have requested 40 days to remand Rai in police custody for further investigation but Rai has fallen ill and is now in the Civil Hospital for treatment. treatment.
The Minister expressed his gratitude to the scientists in the field of dashim who have been able to produce this Tika vaccine and also to the health workers who have worked. it is difficult to give Tika to the public.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that the failure to make these rules can prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the state.
On the same day, she will address a meeting at Mawphlang and inaugurate the upgradation of Rongjeng Mangsang Adokgre Road and Mairang Ranigodown Azra Road through digital media. tourist accommodation in Kongthong, Mawlyngot and Kudengrim.
The Committee, which has held a thorough review of the Clan Bills under the chairmanship of Bah Bindo M Lanong as Chairman, after meeting several times, has sent its recommendation on the Clan Bill to New Delhi, July 07: Public Sector Banks will hold a huge program as part of the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav (AKAM) tomorrow, July 8,
Funding has also been allocated to private groups to conduct research on the issue of minorities in the country.
On the other hand, KSU Namdong Unit through Samla Chanbor War urged the people not to be afraid to go to the PHC as it has been set up for the benefit of the people and requested them to approach the PHC so that it will not set up. and to receive those assistance from the government to which they are entitled.
Under the Atal Mission for Urban Transformation (AMRUT) scheme, two urban areas have been selected to improve the water supply system so that per person receives 135 liters of water per day and to improve the water supply system. but to the canal.
We cannot say that many of those who have been arrested and injured and lost their limbs are our fellow citizens. These people should be removed from Them Metor and also that the Government should release these arrested so that peace can return to our city.
It is learned that the abduction of his son took place on 4/12/2019, on 7/12/2019 they demanded Rs 100,000 and on 16/12/2019 the body of his son was brought. Police have arrested Darius Marak while Nathil K Momin has not been arrested till today.
This will take place at 9 am or 9.30 pm on October 22,
According to information received, the Wangala ritual is still going on in many villages. Some villages have completed the rituals, some are still in progress and some have not yet completed.
In this regard, the Elaka Department has postponed the hearing and has fixed a date for the hearing on the 28th of this month where the Syiem and Secretary will meet. he don't just.
A discussion of health is incomplete without a discussion of environmental health.
Speaking to reporters, the CEM of KHADC said that the KHADC will send a letter to the PWD of the government to improve the road as it falls under the jurisdiction of the construction department. PWD road of the state government.
During the meeting, Bah Stephan Rynjah SP City promised to the leaders of the union that the police will continue to search for these perpetrators and arrest them according to the rules of law.
The question to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, is whether the call to protect the environment and promote tourism will be only in Shillong, while in Jaintia Hills the environment will be destroyed. to answer this.
The supporters of these two national parties are now in shock.
According to Section 41 of the Right to Fair Compensation and Transparency in Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Act,
MPUF President Dapoiwanmi Laloo has phoned the OC of Jwai Police Station to come to China Bazar and arrest all those who have smuggled into China Bazar. He said that the JSU and JYF have given the name China Bazar.
According to one of the shopkeepers who did not want to be named, 15 shops have been destroyed. The reason for the incident is unknown. The incident occurred between 2.30 and 3.00 pm.
The march was called by the Meghalaya Facilitator Workers Union (MFU).
Startups in the North East include about 900 startups recognized by the DPIIT which have created 8,800 jobs of which 42% of these startups have at least one woman as a director.
Kharumnuid's team did not participate in the game.
To avoid affecting the cost of MeECL, the employees will be transferred from the densely populated areas to the less employed areas, while the power substations will be installed with automatic equipment. person.
Shillong, Lber 13: The opposition in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has started to shake the seat of CEM of Bah Pynsnghianglang Syiem in an attempt to cooperate with other MDCs. The budget for the year 2018-2019 within the KHADC will start on 20th October 2018 and in this budget session the Congress party in the opposition will It may be recalled that in the last dorbar, the UDP had tried to move a motion of no confidence in the Executive Committee led by UDP. PN Syiem, but the Congress party did not give its support.
Why should we prepare to accelerate only the Pre-uranium Mining Development Project while the development that the people should get has been blindfolded? If you don't have a shisha, you can share it with your friends.
In addition, there have been many activities that have highlighted the struggles and demands of the Dorbar Ri.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs (SRS) today met with the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah PN Syiem. He spoke to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on the Village Administration Bill which has been in force for a long time.
On the other hand, Ms Agnes Kharshiing said that to free the state from this crisis is only through dialogue, it cannot be left as it is now.
These two children were found by the residents of the village and immediately informed the police. They went to that place to finish what was needed.
The Government urges all the people to take the vaccination to prevent the spread of the disease as there is no other way.
A strong storm which brought together rain and cold has hit many parts of the Western Ribhoi especially in Jirang which has suffered damage from the collapse of houses and damage to property. plants.
This negligence of the JHADC in conducting the regular license inspection, has allowed these foreigners in Jaintia Hills to live freely without any restrictions and flow as they please to Jaintia Hills. affects the employment and income of the Jaintia people.
Oriental Insurance Company Limited & Ors.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Warnes Lamin President of HYC Byrnihat, said that it is surprising that in Upper Nerbong, a village formed by non-Khasis, they have appointed their own Rangbah Shnong. which is against the laws of the District Council.
“In fact, MeECL has been doing Electricity Franchise in the past years not only to bring about the smooth delivery of bill light but also to provide convenience to the people especially. I don't know why, but I think there are other bill light collectors who have taken advantage of this and to take advantage of the bill light collectors. also em.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The government has decided to extend the curfew in East Khasi Hills until 5.00 pm on the 24th of this month, said the Chief Minister.
The last episode which is also the 99th episode took place on October 26, 2023.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the names of the deceased and where they came from. At the time of writing of this news, police are conducting investigation.
It is learned that from this amount, the KHADC has received 100 tyngka to start the work and the construction of the dorbar hall has been handed over to Bah DG Marbaniang.
“It's 2017 and it will end in 2018,” said Mawsor MLA of Mawthungkut.
Last year, the BSF seized 225 kilograms of human blood from the Meghalaya-Bangladesh border while it was being smuggled to Bangladesh.
They will start from Tura on the 10th, Nongstoin on the 17th, Jowai on the 24th and Nongpoh on the 1st and end in Shillong on the 7th.
The report also said that poverty eradication is an encouraging development and contributes significantly to the reduction of poverty worldwide.
At present, the JHADC has not been able to provide the necessary facilities for the journalists as the Speaker to hear what the MDCs in the House are saying.
Electrical equipment handling areas should be inspected to ensure that they are covered with intumescent firestopsealant to prevent the spread of fire and smoke from these areas.
The Ministry of Education of the Government of India will support to make Meghalaya a prominent state in the fields of education and entrepreneurship.
The program in Mysuru is also part of the Guardian Yoga Ring, a joint program between 79 countries and United Nations agencies together with Indian Missions in other countries. to demonstrate the unifying power of yoga.
The President of the Mawkynrew Block Congress Committee, Bah Kynshen Lynshing, said that this will help them to reach the victory in the constituency. The MDC election will be held in
However, after the entire vehicle was searched, nearly 30 boxes of soap were recovered from the interior of the vehicle.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs, KSU President Lamboksyarwell Marngar said that during the meeting they demanded from the government to strengthen the security on the border and Assam and especially in the Langpih area which has led to the bombing of Meghalaya by the Assam Police.
He said that KHNAM urges the EC not to issue Trading Licenses to foreigners in the areas where Khasi have been able to trade.
The seized goods worth more than 4 lakh tyngka have been handed over to the law enforcement authorities for further investigation, said the BSF. (SP News).
“Therefore, there is a secret conspiracy by the political leaders and political parties on the incident in Manipur which may not be from Manpur or the Central Government,” said Bah Sadon.
A mobile phone and two Bangladesh SIM cards were also recovered.
The party is not against development projects, but against the mining of uranium which will affect the health of the people of the area and the state as a whole.
Prime Minister Duh said many of India's achievements can be used by other countries.
At the same time, the JSU would like to extend its special congratulations to Prof. Henri Lamin, Prof.
Pilgrims have been advised to stay within the permit areas and avoid moving around except in cases of emergency.
There are 206 recoveries from East Jaintia Hills, 10 from East Jaintia Hills, 148 from East Khasi Hills, 2 from North Garo Hills, 26 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from South West Khasi Hills and 12 from West Jaintia Hills. 6, the total number of recoveries is
Referring to many of the newly elected MLAs, the Prime Minister urged that it would be good if there was special training for them to understand how to run the House and how they can do it. participate.
For unavoidable reasons, this girl did not receive her passport in time to take part in the song contest which was held in the United Kingdom but with the help of DBMN, the girl Chevinia, although she did not have the opportunity to participate in the Offline Category, has sent her songs to participate in the Online Category.
He said that these difficult tasks by our troops, which show courage, enhance the working capacity of the members and this group.
Special performers on this occasion were Balaiahun Sawkmie and Kharlukhi Sister from Mawlai.
On the same day, prizes were also distributed to some of the students who passed well in their examinations.
Shillong, July 02: Dliss Dkhar of Rymbai East Jaintia Hills District, mother of Bah Teras Dkhar, President of the Dkhar Kur, has passed away. of the Presbyterian Church in Rumbai.
Most of the cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills while 16 cases have been confirmed in East Jaintia Hills. Hills, 13 people who tested positive for COVID-19 are working in factories.
Shillong, July 31: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (COMSO) Chairman Robertjune Kharjahrin on Tuesday said that they will resume their protest to demand the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya by staging a sit-in.
The meeting was attended by Bah FR Kharkongor, Commissioner and Secretary, Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, Bah FM Dopth, MCS, Director of Sports, Bah Ian Khongmen, Vice-President Meghalaya. State Olympic Association, and Bah Chiranjib Choudhury, General Secretary Meghalaya State Olympic Association.
Police have handed over the case to the BSF to talk to the Border Guard of Bangladesh.
The MPLU and JCCCV have set up a working group in this regard to follow up on the demands. to understand the rules and regulations of the Motor Vehicle Act and the MRSS Act. 2016.
In just 40 months, we have been able to announce memorable events such as the introduction of the Triple Talaq Act to protect the rights of Muslim women, the ability to bring about major changes in the laws to combat 90,000 crore to the bank accounts of farmers who are beneficiaries of the PM Kisan Samman Nidhi Yojana.
No casualties were reported at the Bio-Resources Development Center (BRDC) 6 miles above Shillong. Police are conducting investigation.
According to the report, people who want to quit smoking should be encouraged to use other less harmful beverages that will reduce the risk to their health.
Regarding this action of the BDO, the VEC has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to resolve the issue. there will be an investigation and during this investigation nothing will be found to be wrong.
The desire of the residents of this village to get this road has been going on for a long time until they have now reached 40 years. and he went and came into the city.
"Speaking on the sidelines of the victory, Sports Minister Shri Shakliar Warjri stated, “The triumphant success of Meghalaya football team in the Khelo India Youth Games 2023 is a testament to our unwavering commitment to sports infrastructure development and investment.
He said that by 2023, Meghalaya will have received at least 15 lakh tourists from all over the world, which shows the success of our state.
Written and published by Tirot Singh.
In order to attract the public, the Ministry of Ayush organized various competitions and programmes.
He said that no one was injured in the incident.
T.1 will be charged from the Telecom Service Provider for each person who has to be verified by UIDAI. The KYC is provided through online channels to the Telecom Service Providers (TSP) of UIDAI. In this case, the provision of mobile connections to the people is done through Apps and online platforms. where people apply from their mobile phones from home and the SIMs will be delivered to their homes after using the data verified by UIDAI or DigiLocker.
“I am surprised to see that many of the people don't know the schemes that the government is doing for them,” he said. For the Press Club, the Government has also provided land to build a press club suitable for the needs of journalists.
The Coal Dealers' and Miners' Association (CCA) has also urged the BJP to lift the coal ban in Meghalaya.
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss and showcase the views on housing construction in the eastern parts of Asia. Shillong, November 07: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown. The Cabinet meeting today has decided to appoint the Fifth Pay Commission in the state to oversee the salary increase of government employees.
Speaking on the occasion, the Governor congratulated the people of Meghalaya and paid tribute to the leaders who have seen a vision to fight for the independence of their own state. freedom fighters and all those who took part in the fight against the French army and who gave their lives for the sake of their culture and their country.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Elisha Khongjoh, Secretary Lawlynnong Sports Club Mynsang, Bah Albinton Mukim Sordar Shnong and other leaders of the area.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The BJP will announce its MLA candidates for the MLA elections in November
The NHAA can also be accessed through an online platform to explain the Protection of Civil Rights Act, 1955 (PCR) and its laws as well.
Parekh was born in Mahuva, a town in Bhavnagar district of Gujarat.
When asked about the authority of the Speaker on this matter, Symbud Lamphang Timothy D Shira replied, “I will inform them (the Ministers) to come.
As tourism has employment opportunities in various sectors, what is needed is to raise awareness on this issue.
Medulance, which also has 5G equipped ambulances, will soon be able to provide services to the residents of Meghalaya who need emergency assistance to reach the health centres. across Meghalaya, where earthquakes and heavy rains are frequent.
At this meeting, the ASHAs demanded that the government and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare should listen to their demands but otherwise the indefinite strike will continue until further notice. with another.
For those who are illegally resident, there is a procedure how to evict those people who are illegally resident, at present nothing can be said because the land has not been taken over and the HLC has suggested to relocate according to the rules. , said the prime minister.
Ricky Thabah, President of the State Union, said that the salary increase of muster roll only once every three years will bring benefits as the salary increase does not exceed 15 to 20 tyngka despite the strong demand. through the Union from time to time especially in consideration of the daily needs according to the passage of time.
Shillong, Nailur 26: Shillong Police have arrested Mohamad Jubai, 17, from a children's home in Nongshilliang, Shillong.
Now there is no such thing as coal mining since the NGT banned it. What they are doing now is selling only what is available.
The Minister said that according to the survey of the Indian Institute of Public Health (IIPH) Shillong, there are many reasons why they do not want to get vaccinated against COVID-1 There are 2456 cases in government hospitals and 49 cases in private hospitals.
The Deputy Commissioner has enforced Section 144 CrPC which empowers the Wildlife Department to ensure that the area will be a monitored area. center of the pandemic and 10 km around still to be inspected.
Incorporate the IOA & AA into the Constitution of India to implement Article 5 of the Annexed Agreement which will be the ILP in the Constitution of India and
“We will wait for a while because we want these illegal immigrants to leave this place.
On the other hand, the Vice President of FKJGP, Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang, strongly condemned the position of the UDP by saying that while the laws to protect the jaitbynriew, the party and other civil society organizations will strongly oppose. He said that those parties which claim to be national parties to protect the nation have now turned into national parties.
He said that the party has met with the district authorities of West Jaintia Hills and Karbi Anglong but until now, the persecution of the Khasi-Pnars continues.
At the meeting of all the MDCs, who belong to different political parties, they came to an agreement to oppose the proposal to appoint MDCs from other ethnic groups within the KHADC. Teinwell Dkhar CEM of KHADC said that at this meeting they expressed their opposition to the central government's plan to appoint MDCs from other ethnic groups under the label “Unrepresented tribe”.
The remaining 20% ​​is allocated to 5% to other STs and SCs while the remaining 15% is to all residents of Meghalaya regardless of ethnicity.
The meeting held on 22nd March 2022 at Madan Liarkhla was canceled after a misunderstanding between the two kurs, the Syiem and the Lyngdoh kurs.
This is the first time that a film by the students of this one-year program of FTII has been selected and won an award at the Cannes Film Festival.
Through the observation of experiences since its inception, it has been found that the number of women accounts is 69% while the share of women in the list of loans provided is 45%.
When investigated, it was found that the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 has already been passed into the United Khasi-Jiantia Hills District Regulation 1952 which has been approved by the President of India.
Tura, November 22: Today, the people, including some civil society groups and women, gathered in front of the SBI bank and locked up the employees of the bank from outside the bank. which no man can enter into or go out of.
Tura, Nailar 06: Police of West Garo Hills today after receiving a tip that there are militants walking inside Tura town, have conducted a search operation. Two GNLA cadres were arrested from Chanmari.
Shillong, Iaiong 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the government will reform and bring about changes in the working methods in the state.
About 100 soldiers took part in the blood donation.
The NPP-led KHADC Assembly has already passed a resolution against the UCC. The EC of the JHADC will convene the Assembly on 10/7/2 It is understood that the GHADC will also oppose the meeting until they take a decision at the meeting to be held next month.
This shows the hypocrisy of the VHP,” said Thabah.
Shillong, July 29: The Rama Khrishana Shillong today held a special prayer on the passing away of the Ramakrishna Mission Belur Math. .
For those who are still in the middle of the exam, the exams will proceed as scheduled.
Rev Edwin H Kharkongor urged the journalists to write the truth when they write any news as the journalists play a great role in the society.
Shillong, July 5: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday celebrated the 26th Anniversary of the District Auditorium Nongpoh.
Other speakers at the meeting were Bah Tailin Lyngdkhoi Organizing Secretary of the HYC from the area. The meeting was conducted by Bah ML Nongum, Sordar of Nongkrem.
Furthermore, all people can help others to make Ayushman cards.
Pamsangut, which defeated Lyngdoh Phanblang in the third place by tie breaker, won 10,000 tyngka and Lyngdoh Phanblang won 5,000 tyngka.
Shillong, Nailur 26: Unidentified persons have detonated a petrol bomb at a clothing shop in Khyndailad at 7.45 pm this morning. .
Shillong, Jymmang 04: Members of the CCIB today met with Bah HS Shylla CEM of KHADC to discuss the start of the NBCC company to dig shiah on the border with Bangladesh in parts of the country. in Lyngkhat and Dawki.
The Students Union has also sent a letter to Shillong to the Department in charge of Electricity and Light to take action on the demand of the Union and to temporarily suspend the Load Shedding so that It will not punish or discourage students across the state to prepare for the examination in the coming months.
The damaged vehicle was a Maruti Van (ML05-C-1
Police investigation revealed that the drugs were known as “Crystal Meth” weighing 10.16 kilos. The arrested person was identified as Lalhmunsanga Beingaichho of the state. Mizoram.
The allegation between the Garo Hills rebel groups is that ASAK says that Sohan D Shira has prevented Reding from doing the job assigned to him, Chue said.
The meeting was opened by Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, MPCC President Dr DD Lapang, Opposition Leader Dr Donkupar Roy and MLAs Dr Jemino Mawthoh. T Chyne and independent MLAs and those of the Congress party.
The Ministry of Tourism, in collaboration with the United Environment Program (UNEP) and the Responsible Tourism Society of India (RTSOI), has organized the National Summit on 'Developing Sustainable & Responsible Tourist Destinations' in New Delhi.
Shillong, July 09: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) today upheld the verdict of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) in Shillong. The NGT has banned the mining of coal in Meghalaya.
Police have admitted that this is the residence of Philport, the area commander of the GNLA. At the time of writing, police said that the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong, Nailar 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma in his speech today on the occasion of the 67th Independence Day of India, said that bloodshed and conflicts have hampered the development of India. you country.
The police have intensified their fight against drug traffickers in Meghalaya to ensure that drug traffickers in Meghalaya should not enter.
During the three-day visit, the delegation met with various groups and state leaders including the Governor, Phagu Chauhan on 31st March.
The ceremony was conducted by the Parish Priest of St. Dominic Savio's Church, Mawlai Parish, Rev. Fr. Telesphor Nonglang in the presence of the Elders and the faithful of Mawiong Umjapung.
The Director of IIM Shillong, Prof. DP Goyal, members of the North East Council, Khadi Gram Udyog, intellectuals, entrepreneurs and leaders from various fields took part in the program today.
The State Government should increase its expenditure on the implementation of development projects in order to boost the income of the State.
In this regard, the Seng Khasi Kmie urges the authorities of the district to take immediate action to arrest the perpetrators.
The incident was reported to the police and immediately the police in charge of drug trafficking came and investigated and found that he was a drug addict known as Herions.
It is a symbol of hope, abundant opportunities and determination to build a strong and successful country.
Ranee Narah, Union Minister of State for Tribal Affairs, Govt of India, on 8th and 9th April 2013, in New Delhi.
Referring to the Meghalaya government, the Union Minister said that the Union Government has already allocated T.50 lakh for micro-irrigation which the state government has not yet done. For the fiscal year 2015-2016, T.1.54 crore has been allocated for the conservation of water.
Shillong, June 18: UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh today received a letter from the General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (PDF), Bah PN Syiem, today. Regarding the letter sent by the UDP, the CEM of KHADC said that a letter will be sent to the MDCs of KHADC. the UDP party to get their opinion.
She is survived by her husband, 3 daughters and 14 grandchildren.
In order to further train the athletes in the North East, the Army Sports Control Board has upgraded the facility to the title of 'Army Archery Node' (AAN). 58 GTC in 2001 and since then this place has produced many talented players.
The date of announcement of the election will be announced on 02 June 2019 and the filing of nomination papers will start on 07 June 2019, the hearing of nominations will be on 08 June The deadline for withdrawal of nomination papers will be on 09 June 2019 and the polling day will be on 27 June 2019, the re-polling day will be on 02 October
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Silvester Nongtynger, said that police have registered a complaint against the shooters. post marten and after the funeral the body was handed over to the family members.
Other speakers on the occasion were Cherity D Suja, General Secretary, KSU JHDU, Samla Rueben Najiar, Assistant Education Secretary, KSU Sengkmie, and Samla A. Nongkynrih.
Government Spokesperson Paul Lyngdoh said the Cabinet has discussed to allow state officers to go back to school to train themselves as All India Services officers.
Ration shops and Umphniang sharak distributors will close on 31.12.2018, so new applications are invited or to renew existing ones. The forms will not be distributed inside the office from 5th November to 10th November
On 25th October 2022, the leaders and members of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Marmain Area met with the Prime Minister accompanied by Magdalene S Mawlong, NPP candidate from Nongpoh Constituency to discuss the opening of the school. During the meeting, the Prime Minister promised to open the PHC by June 2022 but until now, the Prime Minister has not said anything. ei until now and have been silent.
Speaking on the Government's schemes, Dr Kumar said that under the leadership of the Prime Minister, the Central Government has implemented many schemes for the Divyangs across the country.
He said that the Nokmas play an important role in improving the income of the people and are also a symbol of unity as a nation and play a major role in shaping the mindset of the people. the public.
The demand for Mawsynram Civil Sub Division under the leadership of Mawsynram MLA Bah Himalaya M Shangpliang was a demand of the people and all the people of Mawsynram Constituency have given their support to this demand.
On this occasion, tables and chairs were also distributed to the Sacred Heart Senior Secondary School.
He said that the dissolution of the organization is also to prevent the exploiters whether they are disabled or disabled people from going to collect financial assistance.
Besides these office bearers, 25 office bearers have been elected and the area of ​​operation of the KSU Mawprem Circle will cover the villages of Lower Mawprem, Upper Mawprem, Mawbah, Dymmiew, Lama Villa and Lumkshaid.
Besides Meghalaya, Maharashtra will have seven seats, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh six seats, West Bengal four seats, Bihar four seats, Odisha and Odisha four seats each. Gujarat has four cases each and Assam, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan have three cases each.
Amlarem, June 16: The Sub Divisional Officer of Amlarem, West Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday said that the office is preparing a report to send to the government. the day to the government.
Shillong, June 01: The election of the leaders of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (AWU) for the three posts of President, General Secretary and Treasurer was held today.
Speaking to media at the KSU office, the President of the KSU, Bah Daniel Khyriem said that although the KSU accepts the decision of the KSU leader, it is still full of disappointment. I am sorry to lose a faithful member who has been with the Seng in its activities.
The MSPCB instead of taking action to stop the issue of Clearance Certificate or NOC to these foreign dew factories, has been waiting for these foreign dew factories to come and ask for permission to hold a public hearing. “It's a good idea to have a cement plant in these areas,” said Bah Majaw.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has summoned the elders of Mylliem Village to clarify the incident that has happened in these days inside the village regarding the visit of Bah Kulam Nongrum has been arrested in the past few days.
In West Khasi Hills District, 52 houses have been destroyed in Nongtroin Block and an inspection is ongoing to find out if any houses have been destroyed by the storm and cold weather. In Mawsynrut Block, 11 houses have been destroyed.
According to police, the five persons were still members of the household of Bah Halorsing and they suspected him of possession and arrested him on the 30th of last month. he went to the place with the shot kadat and killed him.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Meghalaya Board of Education today released the results of the Class XII Arts 2014 examination.
Although the PWD has not taken any action for many months, the PWD has not taken any action.
“Shilong was known as the 'Scotland of the East' but now it has been destroyed by mankind.
Regarding the complaint, the court urged the KHADC on the basis of Sections A and B of the Khasi Hills District Council (Trading by Non-Tribal) Regulation Speaking to reporters, Khasi who open their shops to foreigners will have to obtain a Trading License from the KHADC. Deoris Marbaniang has closed down her shops after the foreigners who took over her shops have not responded to the Show Cause Notice and Closure Notice sent by the KHADC. The owner of the shop has lodged a complaint with the KHADC.
Since 1950, the Chiefs of the Khasi States, including the Dorbar Shnong, Raid and Dorbar Hima, have been reminding and writing to the Government of India to remind them to fulfill the promises as stipulated in these. that island.
The remains of Bah Marshall Marwein were buried on Tuesday in the presence of his relatives and friends. The Catholic Church is located in Shillong.
Parijat Baruah said that the Government's efforts are to raise awareness among the children on the importance of cleanliness. Palvy Dora Kharkungor, IEC Specialist Swachhta Mission, Manik, who has been conducting his program known as My Shillong, My Pride.
Shillong, Lber 22: Police today rescued Akhilesh Singh Chauhan from Upper Dosogre village and arrested two others.
Shillong, June 10: Three persons have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, one in Ri Bhoi and one in West Jaintia Hills. There are 15 injured and 1 hospitalized.
Answering a supplementary question, the Minister in charge of Electricity said that regarding the aircraft to carry goods from this place to another place, the government will look into it.
Now we see that tourism increases foreign income and also opens up employment opportunities and ethnic relations,” he said.
Regarding the problems faced by MeECL, it is not new but has been increasing from time to time. however, the government will struggle to provide staff.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The government's neglect of the villagers has put the lives of the people at risk.
According to the National Association of Software and Services Companies (NASSCOM) and a report published in Akamai on 17.08.2016, the use of the Internet in India in the coming years is expected to increase. to 730 million by the end of
Garland Shadap Manner said that the union will wait for some time from the MeECL department if it does not do anything on these demands the union will think of other ways to force until it is achieved. Because this is not for the benefit of us as a party but for the benefit of all the people in this village which is also their right.
Shillong, November 19: U Bah Khlur Sing Lyngdoh, President of the BJP, has sent a special greeting to the people of Meghalaya on this Merry Christmas and New Year.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh of the PDF said that the MDA has unanimously decided to support Dr Kharlukhi.
Pynshailang Warjri, 32, of Umtangar and Banshngaiñ Tynsong, 28, of Pynursla were arrested by the police on Friday.
A total of 94117 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 92422 have recovered and 1595 have died so far.
Marius Jyrwa Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Mawhati, said that last year they had gone to demand from the MBOSE to set up a Matric examination center in Mawhati with the help of the MLA. Juluis Dorphang, but the answer received is that the examination center cannot be set up because there is no police station.
Tens of thousands of people from all over the Khasi Hills have gathered to witness this famous shad nongkren since ancient times.
Shillong, November 16: The Dorbar of Raid and Village Authorities of Mawhati and Ri-Bhoi District today met at Mawhati Jatah Village, Ri-Bhoi District, to protest against the Assam Government's plan to destroy the The meeting was attended by the Syiems, Basan and Lamalong Village Administration Bill 2012 prepared by the KHADC. , Raid Lyngdohs, including Rangbah Shnongs from different villages of Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the Chief Minister said that the government's aim is to ensure that the operations of the government will be smooth and orderly without and he hid himself from the people.
Gill said the Meghalaya government wants to bring about a solution to this problem and they hope that soon this problem will be resolved by the Meghalaya government so that this problem will not happen again in the country. then in the bud.
: Independent candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency Prof Lakhon Kma has arrived in Jowai to campaign for the Lok Sabha MP election to be held on 19th June.
In this regard, it is necessary to discuss how to improve the passing of the students in the examination as education is very important for the development of the state.
Jowai, Naitung 23: The AJYWO Central Body has demanded that the state government should expedite the implementation of the entry and exit points across the state and also the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Bill-2 The illegal entry and exit of foreigners into the state has put the indigenous people at risk from such ethnic groups and especially to curb their infiltration. the world's terrorist groups such as ISIS and others to infiltrate within the borders of the state.
The Ministry of Forest & Environment etc, Bah P.Tyngsong on 17th November inaugurated the Khnap Thangbru at Khliehrangnah Shangpung.
What is their purpose by saying 370, 370 to warn the people of India that if we get 370, they will change the Constitution of the country?  The word “secularism” is removed from the Constitution of India.
The government is also in the process of doing this but between these two Civil Sub-Divisions, who will get the district, whether it is the Sohra Civil Sub-Division or the Mairang Civil? Sub Division before
Shillong, March 29: The Police Training School Shillong in collaboration with the Bansara Eye Care Center has conducted a free eye care for the public in the past few days.
The Magic Cook Station at Garikhana owned by Sanjeev Kumar, which is still under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong Them Mawbah, has been closed on November 1,
People should provide a 4 digit code to the pharmacist as the certificate will be obtained after providing the information along with this security code.
On the other hand, the CCIB wants that if the central government has resolved the border issue with Bangladesh in Meghalaya, they want the government to invite the land owners, not to shuthom by force. I don't want to go to Bangladesh.
Shillong, March 14: Amway India Company together with Bethany Society today celebrated the International White Cane Day by distributing 10 Tandem Bicycles to people with disabilities. to students within this institution.
In his speech to these people, Myntri Rangbah Duh congratulated them.
Referring to the remaining EMs, Bah Latiplang said the names of the EMs will be sent to the Governor to fill the vacant seats.
At this meeting, they urged the central government to allocate funds from the cantonment for the health of the people, the health center in Shillong should be upgraded to a hospital, as well as the The meeting also urged the Union Minister to amend the Building Act to build houses from two floors to four floors. The remaining land should be allocated to the public for the construction of dorbar halls, outdoor areas, children's playgrounds and parking lots for the benefit of the public.
In total, the MRB now has 87 branches and will soon open four more in Ampati, Resubelpara, Mawlasnai and Diengpasoh.
However, they did not think that the government would turn to them and recognize the talent they have.
He said that the road is expected to be completed by October 2024 as this is the road which the residents have been waiting for for about 40 years.
When questioned, the occupants of the vehicle said that they did not carry any illegal goods.
Winsaphisha, 12, came first in the 2011 Innovation in Science Pursuit Research Competition organized by the Ministry of Science and Technology to encourage young people to take part in all fields.
There are 556 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 196 cases in West Khasi Hills, 92 cases in West Garo Hills and 85 cases in West Garo Hills. 5574 people.
The Ministry of Education has invited suggestions from the public through an online census to draft the National Curriculum Framework and subsequently to draft the syllabus, textbooks and other materials used to provide the National Curriculum Framework. tuition.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya has decided to hold a meeting on The Bakhraw, Longsan, President and Secretary Kur, Rangbah Kur, Rangbah Shnong, Raid and Hima Dorbar including Village Youth Associations, Hima Youth Associations, Women's Associations, Sengbhalang, and Leaders, on 17th November 2017, at Youth Hostel, near Addl Secretariat, Shillong.
Regarding the contact tracing, the Director said that the contact tracing in the containment areas has not been completed yet and the contact tracing will continue.
The GSU in a statement signed by President Zikku Balgra N. Marak said that the VPP has not disclosed to the public sufficient figures to prove its claims on recruitment.
In a major victory under the leadership of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, the government has started the preparation for the implementation of the National Education Policy 2020 within 10 years.
The Chief Minister, Symbut, said that with this announcement today, the old law which was issued in these days has died and the new law will now come into force.
The ceremony lasted for four days and this day was the last day when the villages and branches brought the Rods to be buried at Eitnar before being broken.
In East Khasi Hills, the Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad, in the presence of the Superintendent of Police, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District and KN Kumar, Principal Secretary to the Governor of Meghalaya.
Tura, Naitung 01: Meghalaya Police today shot dead a member of the A'chik Songna An'pachakgipa Kotok (ASAK) and arrested two others. The incident occurred at Rewak near Baghmara in South Garo Hills.
Ranikor MLA Bah Pius Marwein said that the meeting with the KSU leaders today was to convey to the government and this meeting was to show that they all have a responsibility to for the neighborhood and the region as a whole.
The Prime Minister did not explain what the government will do on this allegation but said the government has its own ways and means how to deal with this and cannot tell the public what to do. However, he said that once it comes to the knowledge of the government, the government will not listen.
Mr. MH Dkhar concluded.
Speaking as the chief guest at the meeting, the Minister said that this office is very important because in the same building there is the Passport Center of the Central Government and Shillong. Press Club.
The petition also mentioned other incidents that have happened before this where a policeman was killed in Jirang, the killing of Poipynhun Mawjaw and others.
Speaking at the meeting, the Prime Minister said that this government has set a priority goal for health and the way of working for the provision of health care to the people.
In memory of Bapu, we should go to every household, street and street to collect plastic.
Other decisions taken by the Cabinet include the provision of electricity to all the villages to be encouraged through the implementation of solar lights. and the Meghalaya Renewable Agency will sign an agreement to implement this.
Shillong, Lber 18: Answering a question by Zenith M Sangma, the Minister in charge of Power and Power, James K Sangma, said in the House that it is true that the job within MePDCL has been created. Officer on Special Duty in the rank of Chief Engineer in charge of the Western Zone.
On this occasion, many items were also distributed to the people of South Garo Hills for the benefit of the people, the private sector as well as the school children.
When contacted by SP News Agency, the drivers of these vehicles to pick up and drop off the health workers especially those working in hospitals said that the vehicle they drive is only within the city of Shillong.
Even heavy vehicles are difficult to move now.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Tympang Pohsna, who is the organizer of the tournament, said that as a team, they cannot help but pay tribute to this great man who has worked hard. you are the byta of the imlang.
For more information on the Annual Accounts please contact Mr. Ratul Chandra Borah, Spokesperson.
On this occasion, five homoeopathic doctors from across the North East who have made great contributions in the field of homeopathy were also honoured.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Olet Kharsanoh, Sordar of Jongsha, said that the lack of a market has been set up by the government to sell their produce. I don't know why, but I'm sure it's because of the price of Kaia.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister has made it clear that he will convene a meeting of State Government Ministers in the coming days and the State Government itself has a firm intention to introduce the Amendment before the Session. you are in Parliament.
Shillong, June 16: A Cabinet of Ministers led by Conrad K Sangma today met with Vice President M Venkaiah Naidu at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
Leaders of the Hill Farmer Union including Commander Shangpliang and Allfonbirht Kharsyntiew in a recent meeting with the Minister of Agriculture urged the Minister of State for Home Affairs Banteidor Lyngdoh to declare the year years of farmers.
Regarding the damage to the Wahkhen Water Well, if it can be repaired within T.50 lakh, Ampareen said, it would be better. Wahkhen has received T.13.2 crore.
Regarding the urgent information received on the Forest Affairs and on the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement, there may be a discussion in the Assembly during the current session from 6 to 13 September 2019, therefore the Seng strongly urges All departments and members of the land owners and forest owners to take action to talk to the MLAs and MDCs in their respective areas to take action to take part in talking about this suspension of these works. our rights as the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people.
Shillong, Lber 13: The people of Meghalaya have been surprised when Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Amit Shah have claimed to love Meghalaya by coming to Shillong without thinking. .
There are currently about 3.5 lakh prisoners under trial and in jails.
In Mairang, KSU members have closed down the post office of NIFT, while in New Shillong, KSU members have closed down the NIFT office. and NEIAH. On this day, members of the KSU have closed down the workplaces of government offices as this is a disrespect to the special day of the Khasi people known as the Seng Kut Snem. .
Renowned singer and songwriter Paponun will perform at Sarusajai Sports Complex, Guwahati on 19th June.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The 74th Anniversary of the Bharat Scouts and Guides was celebrated at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
Police are investigating the cause of the abduction.
At this meeting, the participating states will present what they have to do in the future to improve the performance of government offices and Meghalaya will present three projects. it will be implemented.
Shillong, Naitung 11: U Bah HS Shylla, candidate of the KHDA, on Tuesday said that they are surprised to see that Grace Kharpuri today filed her nomination for the CEM election from the PDA. yesterday she was still with them.
: If we turn back to the gymnastics, the all round champions of the 5th Meghalaya Games held in Tura were from In the men's category, Wansuk Merry Susngi won the title of All Round Champion Mini Group while Wandalang B Malngiang won the title. the name in the rank of senior.
The JYF said that the need for an EO in the district is too much because of the large number of vehicles in the district.
He spoke about SCOPE's efforts to conduct workshops on key topics across the country.
Promotion of 2400 tourist attractions and key sites, and also rehabilitation of more than 93,000 public facilities.
Every day of the SankalpSaptaah, from 3rd March to 9th March, 2023, will be dedicated to the theme of economic development in which all the Aspirational Blocks will be implemented.
JSU has sent a letter to Pro.
In this regard, Bbah Banteidor said that the inspection today will not end with the follow-up but the Shillong Sports Association will also send a letter to the government.
Shillong, July 19: U Rophul S Marak, MLA, Rongara Siju Constituency, who is also the Parliamentary Secretary to the Government in charge of Rural Development and Information, today said that the He has lodged a complaint at Sardar Police Station regarding the theft of Facebook in his name.
Shillong, August 28: To commemorate the Quit India Movement, under the leadership of the Father of the Nation, Mahatma Gandhi, India joined hands to overthrow the British.
Pala said the Congress party will not contest with anyone and for now, the party will contest in all 60 constituencies and at present they cannot say how many candidates will win but the village will also contest in other constituencies. party how to put candidates.
“Implement the ILP, build good roads, bring good schools and good health centres, we will be able to accept the road in Jaintia Hills,” said the statement. The railway line has brought many benefits from facilitating travel, increasing income and bringing travel closer to other states but a small state like Meghalaya which has become more populated The Government needs to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state first as this purpose is to enforce the free entry of foreigners to protect the culture. The JSU said that the JSU does not deny the fact that Jaintia Hills needs a Station.
Many of those who came to pay their last respects today expressed their deep sorrow over the passing away of the well-known Father Sngi.
Speaking on the occasion of the 16th National Civil Services Day, Conrad said the government has decided to have volunteers from the villages to be the government leaders in their villages.
On April 23, 2022, the department advised private TV channels broadcasting news to refrain from making allegations of conspiracy and also to refrain from using inflammatory headlines.
It would be better that we give support to get rid of the governor's rule," he said.
Amit Shah held a meeting with Manipur Chief Minister N Biren Singh, four members of his cabinet and a Rajya Sabha MP in New Delhi on Sunday.
However, the demand has not yet been met and the central government has not done anything yet.
However, the problem faced by the government is the payment of wages as there are cases where the central government releases the money late.
The area has a three-storey house with 30 rooms and it is in this area that the children are suspected of being raped.
Modi also inaugurated, handed over and laid the foundation stone of various projects worth Rs 55,600 crore in Manipur, Meghalaya, Nagaland, Sikkim, Tripura and Arunachal Pradesh.
This method of asking questions went beyond the rules laid down by the examination which should be conducted in English.
Samar Chandra Paul said that these traders used to go to Garo Hills to trade in the market but now they don't have any other option and they have to stop going to Garo Hills.
It is to be recalled that in 2010, the Government of Assam and the Government of Meghalaya had an agreement that in the areas where there is still a border dispute, if there is any dispute, they should not inform each other.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Albin Lamre Memorial Secondary School Nangbah will hold a cow fete on the 8th and 9th October 2024 at Madan Dukhu Nangbah to raise funds for the school. .
Other speakers included Bah Staising Kharbteng, Sordar of Mawphansnar, Bah Khrin Kharbani, Sordar of Laitnongrim, Bah Mostarling Lyngdoh. Nongspung Village Secretary Kyntiew Syiemiong and other dignitaries.
The union also welcomes the nurses from NEIGRIHMS, Mawdiangdiang, to provide adequate services to the people who need assistance from time to time. It will also be a blessing to the people especially those who come from poor families and to be able to support their families despite the illness in their homes.
I have said how you have violated the Rules and Norms through the OM 3.2.22 which clearly states that it was issued by the Personnel Department.
Finally, the KSU said that once the ILP is fully implemented in Meghalaya as in Arunachal Pradesh.
He also extended his blessings and best wishes to Irene Dkhar, so that she can continue to fight for such a title and honor in the ranks of Irene Dkhar. India and foreign countries.
From 18 – 35 years as Open Category for Men and Women and the prize is: 1 – 50,000/-; 2– 30,000/- and 3– 20,000/-.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister urged the people to cooperate with the government by paying for the light bill every month.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the SDO Civil Sub Division of Ranikor said that there was a fire in the shops and fire trucks have rushed to the scene and are awaiting the report. .
In these days, they will seek permission from the Deputy Commissioner whether they get it or not.
You have been awarded the Kynsai Kordor Khusnam 2023 for your great contribution to the field of Khasi music.
They revived history.
Tura, Jymmang 27: The Garo Hills civil society organizations today staged a protest demanding that the government should set up a judicial probe into the death of Balsan S Marak. They demand that the government should pay T.50 lakh to the family of Balsan and the postmortem should be done by other doctors, if the government does not listen to this demand. GSU President Tengsak G Momin said that the GSU has already promised that the government will listen to the protesters. the demands of the civil society.
This speech will be sent to the members of the political parties tomorrow morning and on the sixth day they will talk to the Central Government. meet.
The private hospitals selected for the awards are Bethany Hospital, Shillong and Bansara Eye Care Centre.
Shillong, July 16: The Meghalaya Home Guard has directed all employees of the Meghalaya Government to open bank accounts for the payment of their salaries. Only 60pc of the accounts have been opened and 40pc remain.
Shillong, November 28: The Poverty Relief Scheme organized by Rupang today distributed relief goods to nine of the poorest of the Khasi community at a meeting held at Mawkhar Christian. HSS Fox.
Shillong, July 20: The Leader of the Opposition in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Manstudy Nongrem of the Congress Party, on Tuesday said that if the UDP and HSPDP bring a motion of no confidence in the ruling People Democratic Party (PDP), Forum, you support Congress.
Hundreds of people attended the public explanation of the KSU on why the KSU is against the railway line to reach the state.
People are prohibited from disturbing the movement of vehicles and carrying weapons.
The union has taken this step due to the lack of attention of the NHAI in which this road has affected the people passing through this NH
The union feels that the cooperation between the government, religious leaders, village and hima headmen as well as NGOs is a sign of the beginning of the fight against the entry of drugs into the state. .
Dr. Mukul Sangma's statement that the Sengbhalang has taken advantage of the fact that no one has implemented the rules of law in the past years is just a tribute to the Prime Minister. If you look back at the past, you will see that the former leaders are truly intellectuals who have a lot of knowledge and feeling for the life and death of Meghalaya. They are ready to open the door to find ways and means how to bring justice so that they can reap the fruits of change but this time the Government wants to force the children. young men to carry guns and enter the forest before it is time.
The BSF is currently searching for these people to track down the perpetrators.
Speaking before the meeting, AIM Chairman Banshai Marbaniang said that he is deeply saddened by this tragic incident. koit in the Khasi people.
The festival was launched with Nitin Kakkar's unreleased film, Ramsingh Charlie.
Dr. SK Bhuyan explained that the Karbi according to heritage belong to the Mongoloid group and according to the language they speak they belong to the Tibeto-Burman group.
The leaders have informed the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District and the DC has requested to open the market, but the dorbar pyllun has decided to temporarily close it.
At this meeting today, it was promised to purchase more ambulances which can have safety measures.
From Laban via Last Stop, Bishnupur, Kench's Trace, IGP to Polo Ground, Nongmensong via Demseiniong to Polo Ground, Jaiaw Mawbynna via Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Umsohsun, Police Bazar to Polo Ground.
The meeting was conducted by the President of the party, Samla Jersom Shylla, the General Secretary of the party, Treiborlang R Suchen and the welcome speech was delivered by the Vice President of the party, Aplang Lamare. .
The purpose of the meeting was to see where there are shortcomings and to overcome them in collaboration with groups such as Village Defense Parties under the Meghalaya Village Defense Organization Rules The VDPs are also responsible for the fight against drugs and to ensure peace and order in the village.
The ban is not only in Tura but in the entire district of West Garo Hills.
The existence of this dam in the past few days.
They will rely on the decision of the court and they will try to release these two members of the party on bail in the next few days. They told the police not to arrest the members of the party only in the morning and the party will not allow them.
In a statement sent by the religious leaders, they said that every day is a blessing from God, but the day of God is more special where different religions go to pray. worship the Creator on the Sabbath, except for a few who hold services on other days.
On the other hand, the Director of Health Services (DHS) has warned that if the public does not follow these three rules, it will lead to problems and the disease will continue to spread. rules will help reduce this disease.
Shillong, November 22: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) today held a candlelight vigil at Jaiaw Student Square to condemn the perpetrators who took away the life of Mantip I Langstang from Nartiang.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: Victorian Marbaniang, Disiona Passah and Aiti Lyngdoh from the 19th Shillong South Constituency have sought clarification from their MLA Sanbor Shullai on the allegation that they are poor. appear in the media.
The Official Resolution of KHADC on 28 October 2018 submitted by I (Late) HS Shylla, CEM which received the approval of 30 MDCs of KHADC to enact the provisions of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation
At the same time, the union would like to thank all the teachers who have worked hard in this regard which has enabled the children to achieve success.
Therefore, the Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep urges the MDCs of KHADC without prejudice if they are truly standing on the basis of protecting the customs and traditions to stand firmly against this writing. The Executive Committee of ARPA (UDP, HSPDP, KHNAM) led by Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, CEM, KHADC. The KHADC authorities have become the only source of income for the Hima/Elaka, and these incidents have led to the Dorbar of Chiefs of Ri Hynniewtrep today. For many years, we have been demanding from the State Government and the Government of India to establish a partyless Council for the Dorbar of Chief Executive Members of Ri Hynniewtrep.
If there is a railway line to transport only goods to Khanapara or Byrnihat, it will help in increasing the price of transportation. For this reason, they have suggested to look into this issue regarding the railway line to transport goods only to Khanapara or Byrnihat.
He said that some people say that Meghalaya is India, but they should remember that without Meghalaya India cannot be complete.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Federation of Khasi States (KHASI) has submitted a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya today. on 12th June 2013, at 4 pm, at the office of the Chief Minister at the Meghalaya Secretariat.
During the meeting, the support of the Union Minister was sought to strengthen the work of MeECL in its operation and at the same time to receive financial assistance.
The road has deteriorated in the past few days and it has taken more than an hour for vehicles to travel only for a distance of 9 kilometers.
Shillong, July 11: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has expressed its disapproval of the statement and insult of Patricia Mukhim towards the border guards. West Khasi Hills District.
On the other hand, the BGB troops have expressed their gratitude to the BSF for handing over the child who entered India illegally. The child was a BGB soldier in Bangladesh.
Shillong, November 28: Regarding the misunderstanding regarding the Umngi Hydropower Dam, it is an internal matter within the Hima, said Pa,im Freeman Sing Syiem of the Hima. Sohra.
Not only that, their opponent has been arrested by the police on charges of assault, but he protected them when the owner of the house came to visit them just because he pumped water for them. their.
U Bah George B Lyngdoh, after receiving an explanation from the Minister of Public Works and Highways, regarding the need to ask for more money, withdrew the issue of talking to the House. The Ministry of Transport and Communications has accepted this request.
The Dr also urged the parents to cooperate with the Indian Academy of Pediatrics so that they can provide assistance to their children.
At the same time, the letter reminded the Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh that the Chakma and Hajong minorities in the state have nothing to do with government affairs.
The group also pointed out that the Syiem has misused the land within the Hima without consulting or even examining the land by trying to auction it to others who do not have the right to own it. .
It cannot work without the rules and regulations and according to the rules, the amendment can be submitted through the Secretary to the Chairman but even this they have not submitted and have not done anything.
He said that the Seng is ready to send its members to attend the Trading License inspection at any time and added, “but it is up to the KHADC to decide on this. the proposal of the Seng.
For him, this is part of the development of a visionary and understandable India.
Bah Pynshngian MDC said that if the government talks about the floods in Shillong, the Umkhrah River should come forward. to prevent flooding.
Shillong, Nailar 30: Speaking at the public meeting of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) in Pynursla today, Bah Robertjune Khar Jahrin, said that one of the issues that is often asked from time to time is why as a nation we still have to protect our identity, our uniqueness and our rights.
According to the latest reports, the jail authorities were aware of the incident until they saw that Champion had sustained serious head injuries.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister briefed the Union Home Minister on the development projects and scheme of the Ministry of Social Justice which is pending for the approval of the Union. cabinet.
The donation was held at the Community Hall of Mawprem Dorbar Shnong where up to 600 students from BPL and AAY families living in Mawprem, Dymmiew and Mawbah areas received the donation.
Jowai, June 15: A 24 hour curfew on the 16th of this month from 5 pm to 5 pm in East Jaintia Hills District has been called by the SRS-EJH, AJYWO-CB, KSU- JHDU, HNYF-EJZ, FKJGP-KC to urge the government to repair all the damaged parts of NH 44, which from Soomer to Malidor will run smoothly as announced.
Two MLAs from the ruling party will not be able to attend the presidential election, PWD Minister Martin M Danggo and Justin Dkhar. Bangalore.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) appointed by the Parliament of India today arrived in Shillong to meet with the people of the state to seek their views on the issue of They also discussed the Central Government's intention to introduce amendments to the Citizenship (Amendment) Bills,
Shillong, November 23: The KSU CEC on the evening of 21st November honored the Muaythai players of the state who came to take part in the tournament organized by the UMAI. in Manipur from the 16th to the 19th of this month.
The Chief Conservator of the Forest Department, N. Luikham, who is also an officer of the Indian Forest Services (IFS), has committed suicide by hanging himself at his residence near Lady Keane College. Shillong.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the cost of setting up the filling station will reach T.75 crore.
From Garo Hills, AWYO has already expressed its concern over the decision to open the markets as many of the markets on the border with Assam have many vendors from the state. Assam.
The incident happened while the mother was sleeping with her 8 month old child.
Roykupar said that as soon as he entered the office, the Director was shocked by the allegation that the members had come to disturb the office.
The Prime Minister paid tribute to Shaheed Udham Singh and all the other heroes who sacrificed their lives for the country.
The Court sentenced the offender to imprisonment for a term of 10 years with a further 2 months to continue the suspension.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today completed the one-year training of the Assam Riffle. Chief of Army Staff of Assam Riffle.
of Meghalaya on 17th January 2013 inaugurated the Inter District Integration Camp held at Youth Hostel Shillong.
Answering a supplementary question, the Chief Minister said that the Benami Transaction Act 2018 has become a law and the government has prepared rules for this Act and it will be implemented soon. no rule.
South Garo Hills Chinmoy Gotmore said the shooting was planned by the militants because two trucks blocked the vehicle and when they turned around, they opened fire on the vehicle. where you sit.
Those who have already registered can collect their application number from KJP Girl's Higher Secondary School, Mission Compound Shillong from 2 pm on 24th June
On the other hand, Bah John F. Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, said that the program was launched after a meeting with the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on Tourism. In the presence of Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, Kong Bashisha Rani, and in the presence of Dr Eureka L Mawlong, Dy Chairman, MSPB. F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, said that Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister, could not attend the meeting due to urgent matters. Nongkhlaw area to start a consultation on tourism, as part of thinking about how to promote economic development through these beautiful places through tourism. .
Clear information through discussions between the Deputy Commissioners and the State Response Team, together with the meetings of the Cabinet of Ministers of the State has enabled for quick and efficient information dissemination.
During the investigation, these foreigners said that they had come from Nongjri and intended to go to Dhubri, Assam to take part in the Id-Ul-Fitter celebrations on the 9th of this month.
It is part of what our country and society brings to the world stage.
The reason for the temporary suspension is on the grounds that there will be no forgetfulness of evidence to get a fair trial so that such incidents will not happen again in the country. -Hynniewtrep is the whole.
He said that if there is still a shortage, the Hima will ask for more people, but it is hoped that the number of these 65 personnel is sufficient and they have been able to ensure that the shops will follow what has been ordered. .
Speaking at the meeting, MLA Michael T. Sangma, Parliamentary Secretary in charge of Excise Department, urged the people to take advantage of this opportunity for their own benefit.
Speaking at the public meeting, NESO Chairman, Bah Samuel B Jyrwa said that NESO has been opposed to the Bill since 2016, as a group they have met with NESO. The Joint Parliamentary Committee has met with the Union Parliamentary Committee to express its opposition, but the MDA government has not listened to the opposition of the people of the North East. .
The funds under the ECRP-II should be used as soon as possible as this fund can be received by November 2022, he said.
On the same day, a petition was also sent to the Chief Minister to demand that he should amend the agreement signed with the Assam government regarding the demarcation between the two countries. the two states.
At the same time, the General Secretary of the UDP party said that the Government will take strict measures to arrest such people who cause trouble.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan, has met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan, on the occasion of the visit of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Shillong on the 20th of this month. 27th of this month.
Shillong, November 18: The President of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU), Commander Shangpliang today confirmed the office bearers of the HFU Umthlong, Krang and Nongthliew Units.
The Minister in charge of Education said that three persons are still in hospital including one who has returned to the hospital after being discharged. for those who are still in the midst of suffering.
This has affected the publishers especially the small booksellers in the village or rural shops.
Shillong, November 12: The Seng Women of Jaiaw Langsning today inaugurated the 50th Anniversary of the Seng Kynthei Village Jaiaw Langsning. It is my duty within the village to carry out the village.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the President of the BJP, Bah Lyngdoh said that during the meeting, Bah Lyngdoh The CCIB has sent a letter to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi through the BJP and will set a date to meet him face to face to discuss these issues.
Others include Chandigarh, Himachal Pradesh, Odisha and Manipur in Group A. Chattisgarh, Pondicherry, Goa and Delhi in Group B. Uttar Pradesh, Karnataka, Jharkhand and Ladakh in Group B. -C. Kerala, Haryana, Andhra Pradesh and Gujarat in Group – D. West Bengal, Uttarkhand, Punjab, and Tamil Nadu in Group – E. Tripura, Madhya Pradesh, Assam, and Arunachal Pradesh in Group- Meghalaya will play its first match on the 12th of June against Mizoram while on the 14th of June it will play against Mizoram. Rajasthan and Maharashtra will face each other on 16th June
Bah Ricky Sohlang has been appointed as the ksiang for the Nongstoin-Maweit-Nongjri Road by the Joint Committee of Unions and Civil Society Organizations which was formed to demand from the government to make this road National. Highway from Nongstoin to Nongjri.
Sangma recalled that the establishment of the NLU will bring about a change in legal education and research in Meghalaya.
We are happy to have victory among those who have seen the training and we are proud of their victory.
Remember that the world and the age itself is dynamic from time to time, not necessarily static.
Other MLAs who supported the motion were Kimfa S Marbaniang, PT Sawkmie, Mayralborne Syiem, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh and Zenith M Sangma. to correct the spelling and suggested that there should be a committee to look into this matter.
And if the work doesn't go well, we have to go through other ways,” said Channel Lamurong, Vice-President of the unit.
The union has asked the Prime Minister why he cannot explain to the public that the government is involved in authorizing Star Cement through the MSPCB to get EC from the MoEF&CC in Delhi.
Dr Mukul said that if the coal still has 32 lakh MT , the government should have auctioned it , but what the government has done is to manage it in such a way that it does not pay the tax u coal to the state.
The GHADC officers informed that they urgently need funds to appoint Additional District Judges and Circuit Courts in all four districts of Garo Hills.
According to sources, there was an allegation that Kilman Marak had shot Ranjan M Marak with a gun but it was not a person and Ranjan in anger had shot him. Kilman's neck and body parts were stabbed until he died shortly afterwards.
In India, we have provided nearly 1 lakh beds so far.
When contacted by SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District said that she has not received any information regarding the action of the bank and said that she will send him. BDO to investigate the incident.
All faculty members should provide their mobile numbers so that they can be contacted in case of emergency.
The District Council Affairs Department of the State Government has said that if the Central Government goes to Parliament to introduce the amendment to the Sixth Schedule, the term of office will have to be extended. of the KHADC and JHADC Assemblies because a new constitution has to be drafted.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) and the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) under the umbrella of the Regional Democratic Party (RDA) on Tuesday released their Election Manifesto and pledge to follow up with the Government. Among the demands for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP), the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eighth Schedule and the end of the border dispute with Assam.
Shillong Lajong FC will play tomorrow at 3:15pm.
New Delhi, July 13: At the invitation of Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni, the Prime Minister of India has left for Apulia to attend the G-7 Outreach Summit. Summit on July 14, 2024.
According to the latest reports, the SP of West Jaintia Hills has personally visited the scene to find out the facts of the incident and to investigate the cause of the incident.
Police sources said that these three persons left Goalpara on Tuesday morning and their last phone conversation was at 6 pm. They called their relatives while they were eating step on the road after entering East Garo Hills via the Damra-Dainadubi-Wageasi road to Rongmil.
Amazon has tied up with about 500 truck drivers in India who deliver timely and safe delivery of customers' goods.
The office said that they are ready to conduct the examination for these posts after the Hon'ble High Court has issued the order regarding the call for recruitment in the state government.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Twitter, said that at this meeting with the religious groups, it was decided that the places of worship will start opening from 14/6/2 far from each other.
The increase will take effect from 10th June this year. For Harayana and the North Eastern States, the price should not exceed T. and shall not be less than T.135 tyngka.
This award is a sign of the leadership and efforts of Vaidya Rajesh Kotecha, Secretary (Ayush), Government of India and the technical support of Dr. Pawan Godatwar, Technical Officer, WHO-SEARO. , New Delhi, and Dr.Pradeep Kumar Dua, Technical Officer, TM Unit, WHO Headquarters.
Furthermore, the union has strongly warned that these foreigners should no longer come to set up illegal investment in this market because it is a sacred market and if they continue to come it will affect the livelihood of the indigenous people. .
“The statement of Congress leader Bah Vincent Pala against the BJP is unfounded and without accurate information which is like an election campaign.
Shillong, July 15: The Joint Action Committee comprising the East Jaintia Hills Truck Owners and Transporters Association and the East Jaintia Hills Limestone Suppliers Association today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills. Hills District to demand that he should take action according to the rules of law against the illegal overloading of various trucks passing through the NH-6
Sohra, Naiwieng 01: U Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today inaugurated the first Gravity Ropeway at Nongtraw village near Sohrarim. Titosstarwell said he was surprised when he was invited to inaugurate the ropeway without the use of machinery. which is the longest ropeway.
As usual, as the party does not teach to put turoi and thap body, Samla Rishot followed this teaching and worked physically and spiritually without seeking fame or glory.
“The carrying of weapons by the people in Them Motor has angered the people and it has been like aiding the clashes,” said the president of FKJGP.
It is also a time of the winds of change from the authorities and foreign thought which have affected the traditional thought of the nation.
There are 19 cases in West Khasi Hills, 1 case in West Garo Hills, 10 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in West Jaintia Hills and 5 cases in East Khasi Hills. .
When we look at other nations, we see that they have improved and this is a threat to the nation, because if it continues like this soon we will be the last in all aspects because of knowledge. Knowledge is the greatest tool for the development and strengthening of the nation.
He said the case is not between a private individual against the Government but between the teachers of Meghalaya against the announcement of the Government.
Sanbor Shulai is the president of the NCP in Meghalaya.
Up to 18,422 thousand students have registered for the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) examination at 26 centers in Meghalaya after two years of exemption. you exam.
At the same time, the youths who took part in the performances organized by the Riti Academy were also honoured.
Members of the public can lodge complaints through the Cybercrime Helpline Number 1930 and to the Police Control Room, Shillong through 0364-2215427 or 6009196479 for assistance.
“Dumper trucks have been involved in two accidents in my MDC Constituency within a short period of time and today at noon it happened near the MBOSE office. A 14-year-old girl sustained serious injuries to her leg,” said Marak.
Referring to education, the GBC said that the Garo language has been studied up to the Doctorate level. .
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Hek, said that the project should be completed within 18 months, the cost of upgrading the Dispensary to the PHC will be T.7.92 crore. amount.
The purpose of the sub committee is to review the rules regarding the opening of places of worship that have been issued in the past and to improve the job opportunities.
Shillong, July 05: The BSF troops, despite their efforts to curb smuggling of cattle at the border, are still facing difficulties in curbing the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh.
“The opening of 157 nursing colleges near the medical colleges is a big step forward for the people working in the health sector.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: U Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) in a statement sent today, has admitted that it was one of those who released Bah Romeo Lyngdoh. the village of Lapalang.
Regarding the amendment of the Sixth Schedule, all the parties have expressed their concern for the Unrepresented Tribes. The District Council Affairs Department today left for Delhi to attend a meeting on this issue.
I have spoken to the Civil Sub-Division authorities and I have learned that one person has died this morning due to the delay in coming for treatment,” he said.
The union demands that a full-time Director should be appointed within the Sainik Welfare Board.
Regarding the NPP's nomination of Dr Kharlukhi, there has been a discussion within the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government regarding the NPP's nomination for the Rajya Sabha MP election. .
The letter was signed by Donal V Thabah General Secretary and Reuben A. Najair, Chairman Employment Monitoring. Cell of Khasi Students' Union.
Answering questions, the DGP acknowledged that there is a problem for the witnesses on the part of the public where they have to appear regularly in court and this creates problems. On the other hand, the police are now thinking how to provide compensation to those who witnessed the seizure of the drugs.
These seats shall be taken care of by those government departments which have received them and shall not be given to any person to use them and may be used in another election if any. Guwahati, Jymmang 17: In recent years, the Government of India has taken many steps to abolish foreign laws and introduce laws relating to the citizens of the country and provide for imperatives of democracy.
The entrance fee is T.200/- tyngka. Those who register at the Eastside Inn before 7.00 pm, for more information please call the following numbers.
The treatment was organized in collaboration between Fanwar Faith INC, MLCU, Jengjal Sub Divisional Hospital, RoUTES and the Seventh-Day Adventist Church. Mawlieh, Mawshynrut, West Khasi Hills District.
Such a rule should not be allowed in any way to ensure that the citizens of the state benefit from the Policy.
They were accompanied by the Sordar of Jatah Lakadong, their parents and two referees, Bah Pynsuklang Sumer and Bah Fourwell Khongmalai. .
Shillong, Nailar 13 : The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the JHADC, Bah MB Rymbai, has promised the leaders of four civil society organizations to temporarily suspend the order issued by the JHADC. Council to not allow its employees to take over the posts of Rangbah Shnong so that it can review the matter and issue another order.
Through this Act, 82 crore people of India will be distributed rice.
However, this year's event has not been held.
The BJP wants the officers to implement the schemes according to the needs of the people even in the rural areas. The BJP wants development works to come from the bottom up and its goal is to party is that the happiness of the last person should also be respected.
He said that the Government of India has discriminated against the North East by implementing the Armed Forces Special Power Act, which has not been implemented in other parts of the country. In India, except in Jammu and Kashmir and the North Eastern States, NESO believes that the implementation of this Act is an insult to the people of the North East.
Those studying Engineering, Medical and Para Medical and Law should score 75% or above.
Fixed a lack of electrical carrying capacity.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The KSU Mawkasiang Unit today held the Maitshaphrang Invitation Football Tournament today as part of its 10th Anniversary.
All candidates are kindly requested to send their certified documents such as Marksheets, Certificates, Residence Certificates and any other documents or announcements issued by the relevant authorities. look at such achievements as proof of such achievements.
In a letter sent to KHNAM Secretary Cyril V Darlong Diengdoh on Tuesday, KHNAM General Secretary James MA Neng said, “We have received information that the ZWD has put forward to deprive the ex-servicemen from other states of the same rights and to deprive the retired soldiers from this state.
The MBDA has come to explain and talk to the owners of the land where there are wooden bridges and we welcome their visit and explanation, which came from consultant Sanjiv Shankar,” said the officials.
As all G20 countries create startup jobs domestically, the group will work together to open up funding opportunities for startups and bring about stability and collaboration, especially in critical sectors. in the midst of the world.
It is learned that there are five people who were close to the man who went to Rangthong to bury his wife. The health officials have taken samples from them and are now waiting for the report.
Referring to the number of youths who have become addicted to alcohol, he expressed his regret that it has destroyed and defaced the family, the society and the nation.
In the complaint, he said that the missing items included metal gates, door frames, tiles and many other items from the ground floor of the prison at Porjalen, Nongstoin West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Vanlalmuanpui and Rutha Buansing have lodged a complaint with the police that they have been cheated by foreigners promising to send them valuable gifts by sending money. him.
Hek said he has asked for the allocation of funds from the central government for what he has promised to the people of the state and the central minister has said to send the schemes to the government. middle.
The KSU has a close relationship with Meiieid and her family because like the KSU, Meiieid Spility also stands on the same ground, which is to strongly oppose the Indian government's plan to Uranium mining in Ri Khasi.
Salman seized an AK-47, three magazines and 120 rounds of ammunition. Norrok yesterday sold weapons to Sohan through Niampa. of Williamnagar.
He said that the demand of the Chief Executive Members for an impartial and non-party Council has been going on without stopping and now there are signs that the Government of India has received a letter and a decision. the Government of Meghalaya.
Speech was also delivered by the Editor of SP News Agency, Bah Starfing JL Pdahkasiej who explained the purpose of the book. Those who study in schools, colleges and universities should not be guilty.
Replying to a supplementary question by Bah Rapsang, the Minister said that it was not thought that a bomb would explode at Laitumkhrah. It is for this reason that the police will do their duty.
The injured were taken to Mawryngkneng PHC.
In a statement, the Superintendent of Police (SSP) has registered a case under Section 302/34 IPC at Jowai Police Station and the investigation has been handed over to the Sub Inspector. M.Myrboh has charged Herman Shylla under Section 304 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
Shillong, July 25: HANM today met with the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titosstarwell Chyne to discuss the issue of protection of indigenous land on the border with the state. Assam.
It is learned that according to the first announcement, people should be allowed today, but when the announcement came back, it was closed and this was informed to the public. partly opened the market by usurpers.
To speak Phylliew thought together by gathering together all the members to have one thought.
Shah said that during the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, an agreement with the NLFT was signed in 2019, an agreement with the Bru and Bodo in 2020 and an agreement with the Karbi in year 2021 are completed.
Ernest's term as BJP president will be three years.
They should drive carefully when they hold the stick in their hands,” said the SP (Traffic).
Shillong, November 11: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKPP) has demanded that the MDA government should not withdraw its support from the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP). The people of the state have supported the CAB in the Lok Sabha.
Furthermore, the union has received information that there are government vehicles which are uranium mining vehicles in Mawkyrwat, and they pretend to be mining uranium vehicles to destroy and destroy the evil intention of mining. uranium.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The students who passed the HSSLC Examination 2018 in the Arts Stream, have done well with a pass percentage of 74.78%.
Along with the performance at the Commonwealth Games, the country hosted the Chess Olympiad for the first time.
Tura, Oct 01: The arrest of 25 members of the GHSMC has put many in shock after the GNC came forward to demand their release. The GNLA has called for a two-day curfew.
CEILING FANM61RONGJENG, ANEPAGITTIM, PO & PS RONGJENG, EAST GARO HILLS, MEGHALAYA292013-02-0143UNITED DEMOCRATIC PARTYUDPDRUMM47DOBETKOLGRE,PO & PSRO3 HILLIAMNA2, WILLIAMNA2 -0147Bharat JANATA PARTY 30VILLE: MACHURIGRE SONGGITCHAM, P.O.RONGRAM, WEST GARO HILLS312013-0 - 0150INDEPENDENT LIGHT, TABLE, BLACK BOARDM38VILLE: SEARCH, P.O.GAROBADA, WEST GARO HILLLS322013-02-0150INDEPENDENTINDCANDLE, TABLE LAMP, BATTERY-TORCHIM3 02-0151JAYANATA PARTY OF INDIA 62HOLYCROSS HOSPITAL ROAD, WALBAKGRE, P.O.DAKOPGRE, NEW TURA, WEST GARO HILLS342013-02-0155INDEPENDENTINDTABLE LANPM29VILLAGE FOR GOVINDO; P.O.PURCHASE; PIN-794103; P.S.BEFORE; HEST GARO HILLS352013-02-0156INDEPENDENTINDCANDLES, POT, COCONU™34RINGRE GITTIM, P.O.CHANDMARY362013-02-0157BHARAT JANATA PARTYBJPLOTUSM58PRONEWLE,  TURA 013-02-0158INDEPENDENT1.
The KSU wants to say that the state government will continue to follow and try to achieve the wishes of the country and the nation as a whole. kli kti but from time to time to remind whether it is the State Government or the Central Government.
The injured were identified as Rohit Giri, 27, Gautam Kumar, Bhanu Dey Talukdar, 31, Twinkle Borah, 2, Ram Patro, 26 and Santosh Kumar Yadav,
The BSF seized the truck and found that it contained 35,000 kilos of sugar intended to be sent to Bangladesh. The BSF also arrested two Indian nationals. in this truck.
“Before installing electricity in their houses, the citizens have to prove their ownership of the land or the house where they live.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that a person has tested positive for COVID-19 in Jowai after returning from Agra. in the state of Uttar Pradesh.
Other speakers were Dr. Meena A Sangma, Principal of CTE, Rongkhon.
Meira said.
In a statement sent to the CEM of JHADC, it was written that after receiving the government's request to build a railway line to Jaintia Hills, the party expresses its strong opposition to the government's proposal. try to bring in the railroad.
“We need the Land Law, not the Land Bill,” said the CEM. At the same time, he said that the village headmen are afraid to sell the land of the people.
When inquired by the reporter, they said that there are polling stations where the voters did not receive these gifts from the office of the polling station. u CEO.Shillong, Iaiong 12: The turnout for the MP election 2019 in the state has reached 71.03%. It is the highest turnout in the state for the MP election.
Fernandez S.Dkhar (Secretary Shillong Lok Sabha Youth Congress), Bah.
Mairang, Nailur 18: The appointment of ration distributors in the district will end on 31st November
The union also demanded the appointment of two doctors at the PHC in Pongtung Village, so that the services to the people in the war zone will not be affected if they come for treatment at the PHC. The union also demands from the Head of DHMO to provide for the needs of the CHC Pynursla because after several months the union has visited the CHC Pynursla for overcrowding. the residents on the lack of drinking water and street lights.
Speaking at the MKB, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that he recently visited the North East and urged the environmentalists to visit this region, which he said has a lot of scope.
Shillong, July 06: BJP Meghalaya State Union President Shibun Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that if Congress MP Gautam Gogoi is willing to meet with Nalin Kholi, he is ready to meet.
Shillong Lajong FC General Secretary Larsing M.Sawyan said, “We are pleased with the arrival of Boro as a leading player. it's happening now"
pass.
Tura, November 30: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, u Conrad K Sangma, today laid the foundation stone of Pinemount School at Manda-Chambugong A'king of Misimagre village near Tura.
“Gopal Dey should have demanded the immediate arrest of those involved in the killing of Bah Lurshai,” said the statement. “As the party, we understand that Gopal Dey is not responsible for the incident in Ichamati.
Jowai, Jymmang 20: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF-EJH) East Jaintia Hills District has ordered that all non-residents should not go to buy coal from the forest. , said the President.
Issan Singh and Sudip Dutta were killed in Ichamati and Dalda on 27th October while Arjun Ray was shot dead by robbers on 10th October and died at NEIGRIHMS Hospital with serious injuries. .
It is a forum for recommendations for the G20 by bringing together think tanks and experts to discuss policies that are in line with the G20.
Shillong, November 29: The party is ready to lodge a complaint against the TMC's We Card proposal to the Election Commission of India (ECI) on Tuesday. in India.
Police were also deployed to ensure that the sale of thied would be smooth and orderly without any incident.
According to sources, the collision between these trucks at Dwar Ksuid Bridge in Ri Bhoi District has caused a heavy traffic jam on the Shillong Bye Pass.
If you want to avoid lyntaid words, you can use Roispahhi or to earn money only for yourself or your group.
“These witnesses show the lack of preparation by the State Government and the university to conduct such an examination, especially in terms of preventing mass gatherings,” said the union.
Ampareen said that once the exact report is received, she will inform the public through the media and newspapers.
They were taken to Sardar Police Station for further investigation.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that all the government ministers within the MDA will go to Ampati to campaign for the NPP candidate and the NPP candidate will win the election. This mid-term election, against the Congress candidate.
The temporary handover of the school building to the Dorbar Shnong is so that the Shnong will be able to look after and visit the residents who need to be quarantined or set Slung themselves. there are times when they are homes needed at this time.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District in a statement to the media has demanded that the government should immediately improve the preparedness for the COVID-19 pandemic and also on the health improvement in the district.
This incident happened in Pyrdiwah.
The residents of Nongjri area have been facing serious problems in coming and going. The Rangbah Shnong of one of the villages has urged the government to take action against these contractors. “If they cannot work, they should be ordered to work and if they cannot, they should be dismissed,” said Bah Hashah.
He said that in the last 50 years, more than 12,000 kilometers of roads have been constructed in the region, more than 700 MW power plants have been started and many good jobs have been opened under the supervision of the NEC. He added that under Modiji's leadership, the role of the NEC has increased under the Act East Policy.
The Leader of the Opposition in the AITC, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that they have taken the decision after careful consideration and without naming their names, they have taken the decision without thinking carefully. no longer in that group.
Since 1951, about 300 villages have disappeared.
Each gunhole was no more than 1 foot deep.
LIGHT TABLE, 3
: Kharang Village, Mawkynrew Community and Rural Development Block, for the second time, will hold a bullbering competition for the men's and women's teams.
Roykupar Synrem said that the meeting was held today on the petition submitted to the Chief Minister on 7/2/2020 that the government should ban the entry of foreigners. poiwir to this state.
On the other hand, Bah Forwardman Nongrem President, who led the meeting, said that the demands of the party to the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, are that the government should to open a police station in Nonghyllam to ensure that such kidnappings will not happen again.
“The provisions of the MRSS Act, 2016 are in violation of the ILP and the urgent needs of the State are in violation of section 17 (1) (d) and (3) of the State. To welcome international tourists, or visitors to the state without any restrictions, the entry and exit points of persons should ensure that there is no restriction to close the country. their rights under the Constitution of India.
In fact, these two organizations have already sent a letter to the DC in the past and the students who passed DSC have also demanded from the DC and the Commissioner & Secretary of the personal. Dept but have not received any report on this issue.
Among the participants, only one young woman, Anissa D Lamare, has expressed her courage to take part in the cycle race. game was given a special prize.
As we celebrate the seventh anniversary of the PMMY, we will focus on the key milestones of the scheme and the achievements so far.
The Instrument of Accession and the Annexed Agreement dated 15 Dec 1947 which was signed by the Government of India on 17 August Hynniewtrep.
There are 2 recoveries from West Garo Hills District, 3 cases from West Garo Hills District, 3 cases from East Khasi Hills District and 1 case from West Garo Hills District. in South West Khasi Hills and one in West Jaintia Hills.
Soso Tham (1873-1940) was born in Saitsohpen, Sohra to the poor family of Kong Lyngkien Tham and Bah Hat Tongper. you can't read more.
In this regard, there is no need for a policy to regulate the mining of coal, but now the NGT has issued an order to ban the mining of coal from the state.
The prize money for the winners is 1000 tyngka.
At this time, these people shot the tire of the vehicle with SBBL rifles. At this time, the officer also seized his pistol. The pistol of the officer was used by the robbers to flee into the forest.
This was announced by Bah Thomas Passah in a statement.
All these are under the jurisdiction of Nongpoh Police Station.
In his speech, Bah James S Lyngdoh Working President of the party recalled the great works that the first Prime Minister of the country has done for the development of the country's income.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Ransom Sutnga, Co-Chairman of Mawkhar Sports Club.
The Supreme Court of India has ordered the release of the victims of the illegal mining of coal from the area in Ksan. person.
The purpose of this festival is to promote the culture and traditions of the world.
There is a feeling that chaos could break out and spread if not controlled and cause damage to property and loss of lives.
Besides these leading office bearers, who are also the village leaders, the Dorbar has also been able to elect 11 members of the Executive Committee.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of KSU Mawlai Circle, Samla Biangbor L.Paliar, said that the KSU Mawlai Circle has been planting seeds in Mawiongrim Village since nine years ago. can indeed produce good fruit through its actions.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The Chairman of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GDCDC) Denang T Sangma on Tuesday said that the no confidence motion against the EC raised by 10 MDCs today will not be discussed in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GDC). on 27/11/2019 which is Tuesday.
The purpose of the National Conference on the Tourist Police Scheme is to bring together the Ministry of Tourism together with the Ministry of Defence, Bureau of Police Research and Development and State Governments, UTs.
Police have arrested the suspect and brought along the schoolgirl.
Since we got our license, they (Rapido) are still operating illegally in our state.
In a government announcement issued today, it is clear that he will take over the post on 31st November 2022, the day on which RV Suchiang will resign from his post. thick.
On the same day, Bah Kyrshanbor Marbaniang was elected as the Legal Adviser of the party.
He said that the PWD department has already awarded the contract for the construction of the road from Mawtawar to Mawlai Mawroh near PTS and the target is to complete the work by October
The Hima Mylliem has recognized Minister Zubestar Kharbuki in accordance with the customs and traditions and also in accordance with the provisions of the Act. , 2007 and the Administration of Mylliem Syiemship Rule,
This is the spirit of the Indians.
Participation in this day will be only by the performance of the Niam Ka Rukom by the Elders of the Sengbah and the Presidents and Secretaries of the Seng Khasi, Seiñ Raij and Seiñ Kyntu-12 Daloi Branches.
The essay competition was opened by Bah RP Kharshiing, Secretary, Khasi Author Society.
They were identified as Coming One Ymbon, Samuel M Sangma, Limison D Sangma, Winnerson D Sangma, Kennedy Cornelius Khyriem, Cherak W Momin, Brigady Marak, Sengman Marak, Rophul S. Marak, Robinus Syngkon, Michael T Sangma, Justine Dkhar, Ashahel D Shira, Stephanson Mukhin, Celestine Lyngdoh, Noverfield R Marak and Marthon Sangma.
“Of course, I understand the concern expressed by the HYC on this issue.
He also encouraged all the participants in the program to work hard and focus on the small things first, he also gave an example through his work as an entrepreneur.
Police have been deployed in many places to ensure that there will be no crowds and there are places where they have to drive away especially those who want to go to the market.
(SP News)Date of Filing of Nomination12013-02-012INDIAN NATIONAL CONGRESSINCHANDM62MISSION COMPOUND JOWAI2013-02-0 UNITED DEMOCRATIC PARTYUDRUMM51NONGSANGU, PS & PO NONGPOH, PIN -79310242013-02-019INDEPENDENT1.
At this meeting, the Chief Minister said that the Meghalaya government has taken many measures to help people to set up their own businesses.
In Meghalaya, thousands of people have taken part in this march for the first time. The main demands of the people are that the government It shall decide that the salary of government employees shall not be less than 18,000 tyngka per month.
The ribbon cutting ceremony was attended by Rangbah Shnong Bah Phira Khongphai, Secretary Shnong Dr Khampher Phawa, Executive Committee Office bearers, President of the Women's Wing Marylin Pathaw, President of the Youth Wing, Khrawpyrkhad Mynsong and the residents of Lumshyiap.
As the party we don't want to speak double standard to say we accept the two lane but we are against uranium.
Of these, 200 have been selected for the Elite Pathway Program and 12 have been selected for the Super Elite Pathway Programme.
At the same time, he said that as a party, we have to strengthen our own party in Meghalaya and the MDC election will also be one of the strengthening of the party in Meghalaya. Mr. Shibun.
On 27/June/2025, East Jaintia Hills District Police have seized drugs worth T.7.2 crore and a new Bolero with the registration A/F. 2024 heroin worth T.2.1 crore rupees, on the same day heroin worth Nitrajepam packed in bullets and 24 pages worth of heroin worth T.2.1 crore were seized. long T.10 lakh.
In total, all households without access to water spend 66.6 million hours every day to fetch water, of which the majority (55.8 million hours) are in rural areas.
Shillong, June 30: The Lum Jingthang Committee (LJK) of the Seng Khasi Kmie, on the 27th of June, took the initiative to donate food items such as rice, dai and including, to the families in need in the villages or hamlets under the Laitlyngkot and Raid Nongkynrih Districts.
Shillong, March 11: The Meghalaya Aero and Adventure Sports Association (MAASA) has announced that it will hold the Paragliding Festival in Meghalaya in April and June .
Shillong, June 03: The campaign for the GHADC Assembly elections to be held on the 12th of this month is underway with the NPP, Congress, UDP, NCP and BJP. including private candidates.
The meeting was organized by the State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights, Shillong in collaboration with the National Commission for the Protection of Child Rights, New Delhi. Child Rights" This meeting was to explain how to protect children.
The report also said that PM10 in the 10 most polluted cities was found to be 3-5 times higher than the Indian NAAQS and increased to 13-20 times according to the WHO limit. East Khasi Hills District has issued an order under Section 144 CrPC to strictly prohibit the use of dynamite bombs and pesticides in water, streams and rivers as it has killed all the dohum dohwah in East Khasi Hills.
The three day Suk Mynsiem festival organized by the Seng Khasi Kmie Mawkhar this year will start on 13th June and end on 15th June
The CEM said in the House that if anyone proposes a 10,000 feet square land, the KHADC has decided to build an office in Mairang. ask to be sent to another household.
“The rules of the Finance Commission and the decisions of the Coordination Committee have been violated and not respected by the Municipalities.
He said that in fact he is not a party official but after the departure of MLA Maralborn Syiem and MDC Balajied Rani, the MPCC President has called for a meeting of the Congress party. in Nongpoh Constituency.
Total number of students who have completed their studies is
The Kochi-Lakshadweep Islands undersea OFC link at a cost of T.1,072 crore has been completed and testing has started.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, has unfurled the flag of the country on the occasion of the 75th Republic Day of India.
The members of the Kyrdem Circle have elected Bah Seraplang Shadap as President, Pyntngen Lamare as President, Vice President as General Secretary and Shanbok Susngi as Assistant General Secretary. Laloo, finance secretary, Bah Becareful Shadap, sports secretary, Bah Richard Pyngrope, organizing secretary, Bah Tyllibor Mukhim and Balari Masharing, publicity secretary.
At this public meeting, Bah Syiem also strongly criticized the Congress for holding the ruling party after the Meghalaya Parliamentary Secretaries (Appointments, Salaries, Allowances and Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 2005 was repealed by the Congress. The Meghalaya High Court has led to the resignation of 17 Parliamentary Secretaries.
Those who teach in UP Schools must have passed a Degree.
Shillong, March 31: The Good Shepherd Parish, Jongksha inaugurated the Sports Meet 2017 for all the RCUP and RCLP Schools in Jongksha Village. with the participation of 28 schools who have participated since March Past and in various other competitions.
The Myth vs Reality Register is available to the public through the Election Commission's website.
Jean J.Kylla as President and S. Lyngshkor as General Secretary of GAPGAR which will work as a non-governmental organization for the welfare and development of Ri Bhoi District.
In this regard, the KSU requests the government department to inspect and continue its service by delivering water to these empty tanks so that it can help the people. residents to have access to clean drinking water.
Prof HW Sten, Prof IM Simon, Prof Bajubon Kharlukhi former Member of the Legislative Assembly of India (), Prof Beavan L Swer (May God bless you) as Mr. R Tokin Rymbai.
Prestone said that the new system often creates problems in the implementation of development projects even in the midst of these problems the people have started to see development projects especially with the start of implementation of Shillong. Western bypass because the inspection has been completed.
Shillong, Naiwieng 5: The Seng Khasi Kmie, Shillong, has strongly condemned the people involved in the destruction of the cemetery of the Seng Khasi Mawlaingut.
The development of this disease can also be caused by the body's inability to produce insulin (type 2 diabetes).
When the Army Duty Officer, Capt Vikrant Sharma learned of this, he went to rescue the soldier from the hands of the police after he was shot by the police.
In Ri Bhoi, 3, East Jaintia Hills 1, South Garo Hills 1 and West Garo Hills
Thousands of Hindu devotees have gathered from one pandal to another to see and perform their rituals according to their faith. worship.
The Committee has invited legal experts such as four former Chief Justices of India, five State Election Commissioners and Chairman of the Law Commission of India to discuss the issue.
Answering a question by Ronnie V Lyngdoh whether the District Council has received permission from the Road Construction Department of the Central Government to install gates on the highways, the CEM said: say that they have not yet received permission.
The MHIS 5-PMJAY has been increased from T.5,00,000/- to T.5,30,000/- and more diseases have been included under this scheme. The people of the state will benefit except the employees of the state and central governments.
Shillong, July 24: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh today inaugurated the X-Ray machine at the Primary Health Center, Smit in the presence of Dr. Joram Beda, Commissioner and Secretary. Dr.FV Kharshiing, Director, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
India is showing its place in the world.
On the part of the farmers, they have expressed their desire to cultivate this plant as it is a plant that can produce oil and is easy to cultivate.
Sohmylleng village has 143 households and more than 500 residents.
The NCP candidate Jonathone Sangma was killed by GNLA militants ahead of the Assembly elections in Williamnagar. to be held on 27th June
During the raid, the CID has seized several documents, money and equipment. On these items, Bah GK Iangrai has been arrested and the investigation is ongoing. Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The Laitumkhrah Market Association (LMA) and the shopkeepers inside the Laitumkhrah Market have been arrested. The total loss of 100,000 victims in the fire has reached T.1.68 crore.
As the UDP party has its own vote bank and in this regard it cannot increase or decrease, the party has not yet decided.
New Delhi, July 30: Union Minister of State for Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER), MoS PMO, Personnel, Public Grievances, Pensions, Atomic Energy and Space, Dr Jitendra Singh He said that the Prime Minister's promotion of Act East has brought about a new phase in our relations with neighboring countries through the Act East policy.
At the swearing-in ceremony, the MLA of 24-Mawphlang ST Assembly Constituency, Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh from the UDP, took the oath by promising to work according to the rules and regulations.
The Prime Minister said that this will also reduce the consumption of light and the excess light will not be provided to the people.
Police are investigating the incident to find out the truth.
On the 5th of this month, BSF arrested three Bangladeshis from Kuliang village on the Bangladesh border. They are Md Bakiruddin, Ansul Haque and Abdul Khalika. and Abdul Rehman.
The arrested suspect was identified as Somsing Marak from Arenggre village in South West Garo Hills. St. Clarett's School, Ampati.
Police have recovered T.3,34,100/- Indian currency and 63,000/- Bangladesh rupees. Police have arrested Sohan's brother-in-law Ponte Ch Momin.
He said that thanks to the hard work of Bah Hek, CHC Sohra has received ambulances from the CSR of the Airport Authority of India.
Shillong, November 02: The festive month of Kiangnangbah College Jowai, which started on 24th November, was closed on 1st November. take part in their own roles.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Chief Minister's Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, said that the Cabinet decision taken today will not be implemented in the ordinance and when the council is sitting, it shall not be accepted in the council.
The medical equipment donated by the KTIEW EMS Trust UK (FCRA 2023-2024) worth T.35 lakh includes a Cardiac Monitor and Wall Mount, a Cardio Toco Graphy CTG Machine, a Syringe Infusion Pump, Radiant Warmer, Eclamsia Bed, OT Bed for OBGYN OT Room, Diatheremy machine, Cubicle Track System.
Police have arrested him from Laitumkhrah. He lives in Four Lad.
Bernard has been arrested on charges of misusing the Edenbari Resort as a place of prostitution. Police have ordered him to surrender at Sardar Police Station Shillong but he turned around and fled. spirit.
Sameer was one of the journalists for the Assam daily Sentinel.
He said that since the establishment of the KSU, the issues that the KSU has taken are to demand scholarships, to demand the establishment of schools and colleges in the state, to open various educational institutions such as Law Department at NEHU in 1992 and others.
There are 22 cases in East Khasi Hills, 6 cases in Ri Bhoi and 22 cases in West Garo Hills.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong said that if the JHADC has to investigate, it shows that the Council has killed and violated the powers of the Daloi, and believed only the complaints of 11 people.
The Minister said that the ways to fight against malaria are through public awareness campaigns, songs and other ways to raise awareness among the residents.
Speaking at the meeting, Kong Silbi expressed her satisfaction that the Central Government has awarded her the Padmashree Award
Referring to the jobs within the districts, where employees are not allowed to be transferred outside the district, 80% should be allocated to Khasi Jaintia and 80% to Garo.
In his speech, Bah John F Kharshiing, Advisor and Spokesperson, Nongkynrih FCA, congratulated the President and members of the FCA. to Bah H Khongsit, retired officer and volunteer in these areas, and to the Minister of Mylliem, and to all those who took the initiative to hold the 1Nongkynrih Inter Kur Football Kur in Raid Nongkynrih Bah John expressed his pleasure to be present at this opening ceremony and said that if we take this football kur in Hima Khyrim this will be the first time as it has been held three times in 2016, 2017 in Smit and perhaps this will be the SAW and he said that he is just talking these days with Paiem Dr Balajied S Syiem how to continue this meeting of the youth through the Football Kur and he said He said that he will soon convene a meeting of the Dorbar Ki Khlieh Nongsynshar to continue this work.
The union has already sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioners of these two states who are in charge of these two roads but no action has been taken by them. They therefore cannot call a traffic jam on these two highways.
BJP Meghalaya leader Nalin Kholi, in reply to a question by SP News Agency, said that the names of the candidates can be announced only by the Central Election Committee headed by the Prime Minister. Narendra Modi, Home Minister, President of the party and other party leaders.
The Chief Minister said the government has struggled as much as possible to provide various development projects to the people to ensure that the state should develop in all aspects.
They came to the media to inform the government authorities that they should do something for this purpose. they will get to go home again.
The BJP has met with the Congress leader to offer him the party ticket to contest the election. The MLA election will be held in
We should take advantage of this.
If the President accepts the 6 lakh tyngka, isn't it a demand?
The number of COVID-19 tests in the state has risen to 95285, of which the total number of recoveries has risen to 92983, the death toll has risen to is the number kept up by the state Department of Health and Human Services.
It was reported in the House that the EC wants to implement the pension of former MDCs.
Information was given about this extension of the cities and it was explained that there will be no additional expenditure beyond that allocated under the Mission.
They were charged under sections 27 (A) & 21 (A) of the NDPS Act and the court decided to empower the police. to investigate for five days.
FKJGP President Hopewell Kharkongor and General Secretary Shahbok Langstieh in the presence of the Enforcement Officers of KHADC. Many foreigners who came in the form of contractors did not have Work Permit, Labor License and Trading Licence.
Shillong, July 09: The Union of Village Youth Societies (SSSS) has launched a cleanliness drive in Wahsala.
Throughout the hours of this dance, each of the male and female dancers, have combined their dance style with the nine skits or nine surs of the ksiang ka tang muri, which has made the people happy. and they shall rejoice and be glad.
The school was founded in 1892 and has produced many great personalities. Others who attended the school were Rev (Dr) H Rymbai who led the prayer and Kong H Mawroh, Principal gave the welcome speech, Bah DD Lapang and RV Lyngdoh were also present.
The AITC leader questioned why the government has not set a policy on how to run MeECL and why the light has been purchased at a high price of T.12/- tyngka per minute. he asked because this was done without the permission of MSERC, the government should answer to the people.
In this regard, NESO strongly condemns the BJP leader and this statement is like an insult to the protest of the people of this area against the CAB. The Bill has prevented the Central Government from introducing the Bill in the Rajya Sabha in the last session.
This area is a forest area and if the state government allows to take star cement from this area it will turn the forest into a shrah area in this area, this will affect people and animals as well. For this reason, the union urges the SPCB not to hold this public hearing on that day.
This is the first time that the government has actually taken action on this issue and the government has tried to find ways and means to resolve this issue by consensus, this is not an easy task. , the inability to do so quickly, however, the government has taken measures to relocate and this will not take long.
Shillong, Iaiong 03: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the persons who were arrested from Mawlai yesterday have been taken to the Isolation Center and have been tested positive.
Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar today after receiving information about the incident, visited the area to inspect the situation after the Assam police attacked the people. in the village of Umlaper.
The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, told SP News Agency that a petrol bomb exploded but the explosion did not reach the venue as planned. unfortunately.
“The Dorbar Shnong also urges the law enforcement agencies to work hard to the best of their ability to monitor and prevent crime in East Jaintia Hills in order to maintain peace and order. in every village and community.
On the Shillong-Jowai road, the PWD has sent stones to repair the damaged areas and the workers have been working to fill the holes in the road.
At this meeting, the Congress party from the area also demanded from the Prime Minister to upgrade Seinduli PHC to CHC for the benefit of the people of the area.
Dundee said that the FKJGP urges the CEM not to issue new Trading Licenses to foreigners and to allow the indigenous people to work. The party has talked to the CEM to pass strong village laws to curb drugs and other vices.
This is AmritKaal where we are giving a new direction to the country.
Shillong, Nailar 08: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today demanded that the state government should not build the Shillong Campus of Captain Williamson Sangma State University. monitor the decline in class fees in government and non-government schools.
The KSU South West Khasi Hills District has directed all units and circles to increase their vigilance and search for foreigners from now on to protect the community from danger.
A short meeting was held on this occasion in which a speech was delivered by the president of RBDYC and also by the sisters in charge of this hospital. Shillong, Nailar 09: U Dr Mukul Sangma today inaugurated the Mawkhar Multi Facility Utility Center (MMFUC) which will also be the Dorbar Hall of the village. Mawkhar.
Such as the reservation of seats for them in JNURM buses. Regarding the reservation of seats in schools.
Selected workplaces will receive a monthly salary of T.1200/- per trainee.
The Minister said that why the government in 2014 when there was a ban on coal mining did not do anything is after the government in 2018 took action and it will be as it is now.
Police, together with witnesses, searched her and seized 10 bottles of soap from her residence which was kept in paper boxes.
The sudden storm on Friday night across the state has caused the death of a family in Mawroh Laitdom village, Eastern West Khasi Hills District. He died after a strong storm destroyed the house where they lived and threw people onto the street.
Company Commander, B-Coy, 4th Bn.
Speaking at the ceremony, Bah M Kharkrang IPS, Spokesperson of the BJP party, said that there is a need for a policy in sports. to encourage young people to develop in sports.
The Seng also demanded that MeECL should not respond to the letter to the Seng regarding the light supply to these people who live illegally in this area.
Shillong June 11; Ardent Basaiawmoit today brought a Call Attention in the House to seek an explanation from the government regarding the shooting death of Jailor in Willaimnagar on 3rd June this year.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Umsning B, Bah Rocky A Marwein, said that in the past, the market was held on the ground, but forgot about the health. Umsning Town Committee has appointed Bah Rocky Kylla as Chairman of the Umsning Town Committee.
CANDLE, 3.
The Students Wing of the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Friday warned to take strong action against any group that tries to create ethnic discrimination in the country. schools run by Christian Churches within the borders of Meghalaya.
“It is on these issues that there is still a need to investigate further regarding Syiem Tirot Singh. The truth is that he did not die like other prisoners, but he died as a State Prisoner. “The writings of Tirot Singh should not be completed, because the writings from the English are only one-sided,” said Prof Syiemlieh.
The cold weather has been so severe that the snow has spread to the roofs of houses and vehicles and has also caused damage to some houses which have been destroyed by the cold weather. cold.
At this meeting, the Cabinet also decided to change the name of the Labor Department as the purpose of this department is very far-reaching.
The decision taken today does not mean to delay or improve the settlement but to ensure that the District Council wants to have a border settlement and peace and stability in the Hima. It is on the border with Assam.
ES Majaw, owner of Ri Khasi Book Agency, was the chief guest, Shanbor Khongjah, one of the office bearers of the Seng Khasi Sengraij, was the special guest and other guests.
In the midst of the absence of the General Secretary of the party, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, he asked the people why he did not attend. I have said that I have left Shillong to go to Switzerland but I cannot say because I have been sworn in as a Minister of State. to the cabinet.
The BJP leaders should have spoken to the BJP leaders from the North East in this regard together with the North East Regional Party Forum.
Bah Synrem said that the price fixed is the same while the award of the contract is more than 50% of the price fixed for the implementation of this scheme. The state has had to pay or lose up to T.149 crore. This news has caused the party to think that there is a misuse of funds.
Bah Paul said that the churches have also been requested to hold meetings on this issue at home and he said, “We will establish a foundation according to their needs to spend money for the public preaching. ".
The club would like to thank all those who have supported the club in this celebration to protect the environment.
The Joint Secretary to the Forest and Environment Department of the State Government on Tuesday said that since November 2022, strict measures have been taken to close down illegal Coke Plants and continue to destroy coke plants. The coal mines have been moved forward to ensure that they cannot continue their operations once again.
Therefore, with the purchase of this land, tourism schemes will be implemented in the district.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The Environment Committee of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya today visited Nongbah Jynrin to inspect the radiation storage facility at SWKHD. region.
“You should ask Bah Ardent on the basis on which the RDA was formed in 2017,” said Bah Pangniang.
Bah Egenstar Kurkalang strongly criticized the state government for not taking responsibility for the farmers and said that the CM has allocated money through the Soil Health Card scheme so that all the farmers should have this card. as a certificate to ensure the fertility and quality of the soil but the state government does not want to send officers to go to the farmers to implement this scheme.
It may be that those characters which are not necessary in the Khasi language have been removed without considering other languages ​​from the regions around the Khasi Hills.
What attracted the attention of the crowd on this day was that some of them were over 60 years old.
Initiatives inaugurated by the agency include transformational activities that reflect the Government’s vision to have an inclusive society, she added.
Previously, it took six months to a year to issue the tips but now the Deputy Commissioners have been able to help in issuing the tins to cover the houses and today many households have received the tins. for those who have not received it will receive it within 48 hours.
Tura, Lber 23: U Congress candidate Daryl William Momin, 27, today held a special prayer for the opportunity to contest against Purno A Sangma. The MP election will be held on the 9th of next month.
Therefore, we demand that the government should appoint an impartial investigation team or hand over to the CBI to investigate these cases.
Speaking to media after leaving the police station less than two hours later, Bah Kharlyngdoh said, “The summons of the party members to the police is like renewing a patriotic licence.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: Due to the shortage of medicinal plants in Ri-Bhoi, the Forest and Environment Department, including the Meghalaya State Medicinal Plant Board, needs to think again and take action to allocate medicinal plant land in the forests. About 54 traditional healers from 23 villages, Lumdieng, Umpyong, Diwon, Umjong, Iewmawlong, Umshaken, 20 mer, Umdap, Mawphrew, Umwang, Borkhatsari, Marngar, Umsakait, Umshit, Plasha Nongbah, Umlakhar, Nongkya, Nongpoh, and Pahamsyiem, who are involved in traditional medicine and who provide herbal medicines, such as healers, healers, who are also Members of SPIKAP, Doctors Sla, to fight Malaria in Meghalaya, have attended a training and awareness program organized by SPIKAP from 9.30 am. morning until 2 pm, on the 27th November 2013, at the Dorbar Hall, Nongpoh Proper, Ri-Bhoi District.
People who were in the area when they heard the loud noise were shocked and saw the blazing fire, they immediately informed the police and the police took the necessary investigation. to find the culprits.
Speaking at the launch of the video, Momin said that if the name is translated into Khasi, the love of God does not change.
The BSF estimated that the value of the sarees seized from near Pyrdiwah village has reached T.13 lakh.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club on the allegations, he said that all the actions were taken in accordance with the rules of the NEHU Act 1973 and what he did was done in accordance with the rules and regulations of the university. .
Party officials from all over the country were present to witness the launch of the MYE Card scheme by the TMC party for the people of Meghalaya.
In Meghalaya, the government has set the price of ration sugar at T.30 per kilo packed in plastic.
Shillong, Jymmang 05 : With deep sorrow over the neglect of the people in the field of health and the government does not believe in the problems of the people in Western Ri-Bhoi, They expressed their strong opposition to the government's inability to bring in doctors to the Community Health Centre, Patharkhmah.
She also appealed to the students not to drink these beverages but to avoid them so that they can avoid many kinds of diseases.
Shillong, March 27: There are 51 new cases of covid-19 in East Khasi Hills, 37 cases in West Khasi Hills and 7 cases in West Khasi Hills. There are 507 people in the country.
Replying to a question by Bah SK Sunn regarding the areas in the border dispute with Assam, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to this, said that the areas in the middle of the border dispute are 12 and the border with Assam is 884.24 Km.
The union through its meeting with these youths has also found that it is sad that due to the lack of contribution from many quarters in this sport, the youths have been forced to leave the country. They have to run around to get financial assistance to take part in the tournament. game.
Many of the police chiefs involved in the case attended the meeting.
Others who were present on the occasion were Dr JB Ranee District MCH, Dr H Lyngdoh, MHO in charge of CHC Mawphlang.
Speaking to reporters, HITO President Donbok Dkhar said that in this surprise raid, the HITO has arrested only 18 trucks while 12 trucks have escaped.
Others who were present on the occasion were Bah Adelbert Nongrum MDC, Bah HM Shangpliang, Director of Social Welfare, Bah M Kharkrang, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Rev. B.Syiem, Director, KJP. The meeting was conducted by Bah Manphyrnai Marbaniang, Rangbah Shnong, Dymmiew.
The meeting has been going on for more than two months but the Prime Minister has not yet invited them to talk to the Federation. The Federation said that the employment opportunities for people with disabilities in Meghalaya are discouraging and encourage the Federation to take other measures.
The General Secretary of HITO Shillong City, Bah Balajied Jyrwa, in an interview with the media, urged the Police to be vigilant especially at night as the crime rate in Khyndai Lad area is high. good to the extreme.
The State Government, which has received a detailed directive to take precautionary measures against the cyclone Remal from the night of 26th January, 2024 and will continue till 28th January, 2024, has directed the Deputy Commissioners of various Districts of the State said that they should not sleep at all but should be alert 20 hours a day.
The meeting discussed the Comprehensive Mechanism to Tackle Influx, the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act 2016, the Meghalaya Benami Transaction Prohibition (Amendment) Act 2016 and the Facilitation Centre. (Entry & Exit Point) 2016.
In his speech, the Prime Minister said that the conference will help the youth to start their own businesses.
“We have only 10 semesters to complete our studies and the uniforms cost more than T.50
The Chief Minister said it would be difficult to answer all the issues raised in the House, but the Chief Minister said he has already written down all the issues raised and gave them. The Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma concluded the debate in the House.
The Seng also urges the State Police to investigate and arrest immediately these criminals who have been involved in this incident until they dare to shoot until they are seriously injured.
During the search, police have seized all the two wheelers passing through the road and the arrests are for those who are going up and down the road and most of those who have been arrested are tourists.
In this Health Care, the MLA as a gift of cooperation donated Thermal Scanning Kits, hand sanitizer, face masks and other COVID-19 protective equipment.
Herod D Sangma has lodged a complaint that a bike number ML-08E-1832 has been stolen from Dobasipara, Tura. I don't know if you're going to steal a bike.
She briefed the meeting on the aspects of the schemes implemented by the Department for persons with disabilities.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that what is happening in Shillong should be blamed on them because the people are suffering.
The chief guest at the meeting was the Vice President of India, M Venkaiah Naidu.
The KSU, which is a member of NESO together with the All Assam Students' Union (AASU), All Arunachal Pradesh Pradesh Students' Union (AAPSU), All Manipur Students' Union (AMSU), Garo Students' Union (GSU), Twipra The TSF, the Naga Students' Federation (NSF) and the Mizo Zirlai Paul (MZP) have unanimously announced that this protest will be fully implemented in Meghalaya especially within the border of Bri U Hynniewtrep. as in other states in the North East.
In relation to VHAM, both MeDUNET have a cooperation but they have opposed the mistakes of VHAM from time to time.
In our state Meghalaya, once you have gone to school in class IX/X, you are ashamed and happy to carry a sword or a knife or a knife.
The office bearers of MCWOS are Chairman Arjune Katrai, Vice Chairman Rangsan Sohmat, Johny Kharbani, Belong Sangma, General Secretary Section Syiemlieh, Joint Secretary Sawsymper Area Mighty. Darwin Lyngdoh, Hatmawdon Area, Sudan Kharraswai, Ryngku Area, Bontimarrie Sangma, Sonatola Area, Bidhan Hajong, Dangar Area, Kynsai Thongrisni, Mike Pyndenhsaw Publicity Secretary- Bah Aibor Hynniewta, Auditors are Bah Julius Syiemlieh and Donboklang Wanniang.
NH Shillong Division has received T.76.5400 lakh for the construction of the road from Nongpiur to connect to the NH-40. Mylliem Village.
About 35,000 students will be able to use these equipment through teachers of Lower Primary Schools as soon as school starts and will be used throughout the year.
“If the Assam Government does not agree to transfer Block-1 to Meghalaya, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya should not sign any social agreement or MoU,” said the HBDRF. in the name of the villages and the population," the Forum alleged.
Shillong, Lber 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong today met with the President of India, Jagdeep Dhankar in Delhi to discuss the issue. greet him.
Jones Shadap, one of the elders of the area, said that they don't have anything to apologize to the MLA of Mawhati. As it is now, there is nothing that the MLA has done that he has to apologize for.
If we can grow this much in the next five years, we can also reach the $5 trillion target in the next five years.
One of the family members said that the suspects had called them and asked them to come and pick him up.
The Secretary of the Shlem, Bah Kular Khongjirem, said that this year they have been able to provide assistance to nine households. T.45000/- tyngka and the assistance they have purchased is T.6000/- tyngka each and the rest of the money is used for transportation.
D.Degree from North-Eastern Hill University (NEHU).
Dhankhar said the protest should not be a pushback, and suggested that the only way forward was consultation and dialogue.
The three organizations said that the introduction of the Citizenship 9Amendment Bill, 2016 will further encourage the influx of foreigners into the North East and He said that this is a retaliation by the central government because the JPC has not taken into account the feelings of the people of the area.
Thirdly, now people have calculated too much and in some states even the authorities have acted recklessly.
The District Transport Officer (DTO) in collaboration with the East Khasi Hills Administration and the Police Department on Tuesday celebrated the National Road Safety Month 2024 in Shillong.
When they return with this oath, they will be able to better understand the problems of these states even when they reach Delhi.
The Government of India has awarded the Pradhan Mantri Rashtriya Bal Puraskar to students who have outstanding achievements in innovation, education, sports, in arts & culture, in social activities and heroism.
There was no casualty in this incident.
Eighteen vocational schools from all over India have participated in the competition.
Jowai, Naiwieng 28: To express our strong opposition and condemnation to the robbers involved in the murder of the Rangbah Shnong of Jalaphet Bri Sumer, Ken Syrti. The Dorbar Shnong Jalaphet Pyllun together with the support of the Khasi Students' Union Jalaphet Unit have decided to call a curfew on the 30th of this month.
On the request of the JSU to the JHBA to increase the fees and to take the same fees for all the parents of students at different levels, the JSU leader said that they will The Association has decided to discuss these issues with the parents especially those who have two or more children who are still studying.
The District Administration has conducted a surveillance to ensure that the celebration of this great day will go smoothly without any disruption.
These roads connect Meghalaya with Assam.
Is it possible to issue a certificate less than 1 year before the birth of a person as it is not said that this person will be born next year?
On the other hand, the officers in charge of the airport have explained to the Chief Minister regarding the ongoing work on the construction of the airport at Umroi.
The President of India has appointed the Governor of Jharkhand as the Interim Governor of Telangana and the Lieutenant Governor of the Union Territory of Puducherry.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15, 2022 : The beautiful road from Shillong to Lum Mawthadraishan has witnessed the participation of cyclists from all over the state who will take part in the 2nd North East Olympic Games Manipur won the men's and women's titles.
“If you remove these officers, we have said yesterday, but if there is no case we don't say anything, but there is a case that these officers have investigated where the family of the Chief Minister has been investigated. “We have the right to suspect that there is an intention to protect the family of the Chief Minister,” said Bah Ardent.
Therefore, it was clarified that the MCC has not yet announced the counseling schedule for
The vehicle (ML01 6113) belongs to the Forest Department of the State Government.
This action of the BSF shows their disregard for the authority of the district authorities and the State Government and is illegal, and the State Government should file a complaint against the BSF. under Sections 147, 148, 323, 353 and 427 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC),” the statement said.
The decision not to participate in the KHADC was taken by the party leadership in consultation with all the MDCs”.
Commander Shangpliang, president of the HFU, said that the HFU will cultivate and develop these pesticide-free seeds which will be distributed to farmers and different states.
In GHADC, 36 members will be elected through election and 6 others will be appointed by the Governor, 2 women and 4 others will be appointed from the tribals who do not have leaders.
Therefore, we must fight for the preservation of the Constitution and for the provision of those rights to the people.
The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) has called on the Assamese people and the residents of the region to refrain from acts of violence and to fight against those who commit crimes against different ethnic groups. diverse.
Rambrai Jyrngam Independent REMINGTON GABIL MOMIN (WINNER), 34.
Lyngdoh said that after receiving the reply from the regional committee from Kamrup District, they will soon be able to visit.
This is to raise awareness of the rights of people with disabilities.
The blood donation was conducted in collaboration with BWWA and the Blood Bank department of NEIGRIHMS.
Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, General Secretary of the party, said that on this day to commemorate Ma ieid Hoping, the party is deeply saddened by the loss of this great man. to publish this newsletter to explain to the public the feelings and facts of the organization to express that as a nation we have lost a lot in this border settlement with Assam.
This exchange of money by the ruling BJP government within the central government has helped to curb the power of money during the elections.
The order will last until the end of the mid-term MP elections with the aim of ensuring the smooth running of the elections to be held on the 16th of this month.
On the other hand, Bah Pynshngainlang N Syiem, MLA & MDC, Chief Executive Member, KHADC, said that the close cooperation between the Hima/Elaka and the KHADC authorities has started to develop. It was decided to set up a special Sub-Committee comprising the members of the Executive Committee, KHADC, together with some members of the Federation of Khasi States, to discuss and prepare the proposed amendment to the Sixth Schedule. and other problems.
The RTI was signed by Heathermon Ryngkhlem, President, AJYWO-East Jaintia Zone.
The KSU has said that from now on, the KSU members should not harass the members of the KSU. However, in the future, the organization will not be able to come again.
The Credit Linked Capital Subsidy Scheme of CLCS-TU Scheme was inaugurated by Nitin Gadkari, Union Minister in charge of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises on 05-09-2 of DC (MSME) and Nodal Banks.
On receiving a tip, 172 Bn BSF Meghalaya seized 200 bottles of Phensedyl while trying to smuggle it to Bangladesh across the border from East Jaintia Hills. Hills Meghalaya.
Pangniang acknowledged that the demand for our own state will be the way to resolve many of the problems in this state where the two ethnic groups live together.
In a letter sent to the state government, the JSU congratulated the state government for its efforts to provide more assistance to the needs of the people during this time of crisis. Because of the lockdown for more than 21 days to protect people from the spread of COVID 19 around the world.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Shiliang Umkhen Spiritual Judo Club would like to congratulate all the judoka who have worked hard to bring victory to the club.
The injured were taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for treatment, while Bah Banrap Marboh, who was lying lyngktar with a blood clot, was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for treatment. Doctors of the Civil Hospital Nongpoh have pronounced him dead.
In this meeting with the government, the civil society agreed to temporarily suspend their strike while they study the 52 laws in India relating to illegal immigration. of the pictures Ri.
He said that these health centers will be only for those people who come from poor families and if they are sick they cannot stay at home due to the overcrowding and the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. also won’t let them stay together.
As the vaccination coverage of children in Nongmynsong is only 57%, the Wellness Center in Nongmynsong should also look after the prevention of infectious diseases. .
Shillong, November 28: The State Government today announced the villages under Mylliem Block and Mylliem Block will be located at 5Mer as the office headquarters. Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of Rural Development.
According to police, the reports they have received show that these four men were killed, according to a complaint by the sister of Kitbok Kasar.
Jowai, Nailur 17: The protest by the prominent Sengbhalang in the state to force the government to implement the ILP immediately has been going on for months. curfew in which it was seen that the people have strongly supported to join hands with this demand for the sake of the life and death of tomorrow's children.
“After the election, the price of synsar has dropped,” he said. Since last year, the price of synsar has increased by 130 per kilo, but now it has dropped from 90 per kilo. -95 cents per kilo.
““Perhaps I don't want to be sponsored by the NPP.
He is well known for his stamina and physical strength.
According to information received by the SP News Agency, regarding the MDC elections in GHADC, at the time of writing of this news, only the BJP party has issued public election manifestos while other parties have not. now they have not delivered on those election promises.
The government's appointment of the Judicial Inquiry is that it has a responsibility to bring peace and this investigation will be free and the party praises the government for this inquiry.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today sent his condolences to the wife of Mildred Sunn and expressed his sorrow to learn of this tragic incident.
These states have an increase in daily COVID cases or positive cases.
Whether their intention is not to arrest but to do something else is one that we have to ask.
Your 5 years, this is coming to an end.
Naga M Sangma, 39, brother of Samuel M Sangma, MLA Baghmara, has been abducted by suspected militants of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA).
Shillong, Nailur 09: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of South Shillong Constituency today laid the foundation stone for the construction of a market for the sale of organic vegetables in Bishnupur.
Earlier, the Additional Director General, PIB, Jane Namchu welcomed the participants and urged them to disseminate information about the development of the country. these last 9 years.
Replying to a question on the Inner Line Permit (ILP), he said that the state government cannot amend the Act and has to request the central government and most of the MPs are from other countries. that state.
The most surprising match for the spectators was the match between Malki SC Shillong and Mawten SC. In this match, these teams failed to score.
If Section 3(a) says “the Central Government have the power to produce, develop, use and dispose of atomic energy and carry out research into any matters connected therewith.
The health department has now been strengthened as the entry and exit of people from Dawki and Dalu has been banned. They have been reinstated in Bajengdoba in Garo Hills and Ratachera in East Jaintia Hills. .
He said that the HYC will continue to support NEHUSU and all the students and if the Government does not do anything within the stipulated time, the HYC will support the decision and the students. As part of the Media Tour under the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra, a group of journalists from Uttar Pradesh visited Meghalaya.
Vinay Kumar, Commandant of 19 Bn BSF, opening the meeting, said that the assistance they can provide on this day is to distribute tables, chairs, bedding, lanterns, that Syntax.
This was announced by the leader of the party, Mathew R Marak.
“This makes me strongly suspect that the ruling BJP in Delhi has a secret plot to stir up bloodshed among the people of the North East,” he said.
He urged the opposition to have a broad vision for development.
You have faced the challenge of defending the country, defending India.
KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the KSU will not wait for the government but will move forward to implement the Act together with the Dorbar Shnongs. This is because the laws and rules have been passed by the government.
Therefore, for the sake of the safety and security of all, the Dorbar Shnong urges all friends near and far to cooperate with the Shnong so that we can prevent the spread of COVID-1 19.
Speaking to media on the decision of the Governing Body held on the 14th of this month in Delhi to dismiss him as Director of NEIGHRIMS, he said that he will not do so. and you shall be ashamed.
The death toll has risen to 8, of which 6 have not yet been vaccinated, 6 from East Khasi Hills, 2 from West Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of deaths to
Regarding the assistance available to the government, these people should receive the same treatment as others. There should be no discrimination and if anyone violates this Act, such persons should be punished. person.
The HYC also alleged that the ABVP has tried to enter NEHU Shillong and Tura Campus with the intention of spreading politics of hatred and creating ethnic discrimination by using the WOSY as it cannot enter itself. itself, because it involves a Bangladeshi student like Jurak who according to our information is a case of raising his hand.
The purpose of the Travel and Tourism Bazaar in Shillong, in which many other states will come to participate, is to provide an opportunity to the people of Shillong to get information. Details from the officials of various state governments who will take part in the festival.
The General Secretary of the KSU said that the KSU will not surrender to any authority and will stand firm on the basis of not allowing the mining of uranium from this Bri u Hynniewtrep in any way. At the same time, if the government does not do anything to ban AMD and UCIL, the union will not stand idly by.
The increase in the price of commodities across the state has been seen and experienced and this will affect the poor, for example, a computer has become one of the jobs of a school child to improve in but the 28% increase will affect many students.
The decision to reduce the use of AFSPA in Assam, Nagaland and Manipur will help the people and the Prime Minister said that this is a great benefit that the people of this region have demanded for a long time. many years now.
Besides, there is also a committee to look into the matter headed by the Chief Secretary of the state in the presence of the DGP and the Secretary, Mining and Geology.
he is the best husband, a loving father and a very good man.
Therefore, I would like to urge you Symbud Lamphang to implement the Procedure and Conduct of Business in due course,” he said.
Measures such as amendment of policies to suit investors, digitization of land information, availability of land information, simplification of work, introduction of single window clearance system.
"“We belong to a terrorist group known as the Terrorizers1
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Legislative Assembly of Hynniewtrep, said that the time has come for the Government of India and the Parliament of India to take responsibility to express their views. The IOA & AA are included in the Constitution of India.
“I want the parents, on the day we go to Kalibari to stop the foreigners who run illegal markets, I want to see the face. of the villagers of Mawlong to leave.
As part of this initiative, Sesame Workshop India, with the assistance of MHSSP, provides technical training as well as introduces initiatives to support the ECD Mission in terms of and the development and implementation of an effective ECD system so that the outcomes of the ECD mission of the state will be the best.
It was a long time.
Shillong, November 01: The 3rd World Day for Persons with Disabilities is celebrated on the 3rd of November. Pursue.
: The authorities of East Khasi Hills in collaboration with the Defense Estate Officer, Guwahati and members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) have found Most of the people living in this area are from Bangladesh.
A case has been registered under Section 304 (A) IPC at Nongpoh Police Station and the investigation is ongoing.
He urged all those involved in these activities to implement ECD according to the mission, seeing it as one of the best ways to shape the future of the young villagers. .
The shops that should be open for seven days in East Khasi Hills are pharmacies, veterinary clinics, petrol pumps, food delivery shops, car manufacturing factories with on the National Highway.
“We can send players from other states for 1 month or 2 months so that they can play at higher levels,” he added.
“The Government wants this protest to end and if there is a struggle there will be a struggle and if there is a struggle the Government will not be happy.
He urged the people to be careful not to go anywhere without work, for themselves, their families and the state.
“If you do what is right and you are attacked, we will protect you and we will punish those who do it,” he said. “If you do anything wrong, we will punish you with a sympathy stick,” he said. “If anyone does anything wrong, the leaders will be arrested first.
Inspecting these plantations, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said, “I am surprised and delighted to see the implementation of this project within the Bio-Resources Development Centre, With the cooperation of various groups, it will make the state truly capable of developing the state in the field of agriculture.
In his speech, Bah Gigur said that the Council will try to control the expenditure and at the same time the Council will try to find ways and means to raise funds for the project. the Council.
The Prime Minister was speaking at the World Tourism Day organized by the Central Government of DONER under the theme “Emerging Delightful Destinations”. The job is one of the factors that has increased the income of the people.
The CEM, KHADC and the MDCs within the Hima Mylliem, are urged to explain why they are blocking and depriving us the right to hold the Hima Dorbar now. good many years.
The Rangbah Shnong of Nongrim Jirang, Bah K Rani, said that the members of the village committee and the Managing Committee had arranged for the opening of the new school, but it failed because the MLA He said that Bah S Sohtun did not come to the area.
Avoid riding in uncovered or unsecured vehicles such as motorcycles, golf carts and more.
The flag raising ceremony was held at all the District Headquarters of the state and especially in the state capital Shillong.
“We are awaiting a report on the incident from the Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh,” she said.
Those who attended and spoke at the meeting were Paiem Niandro Syiemiong, President of the Federation of Khasi States, Paiem Manik Syiemlieh, Vice-President of the Federation of Khasi States, Bah A Kurbar, Bah Edward. Kurbah, Secretary of Marbisu Hima, Mr. Tylli Myrthong, Mr. M Warbah, Minister of Khyrim Hima, Mr. M Warbah, Mr. Ditarson Syiemlieh, Mr. K. Srikliwell Marthong, Mr. K. Srikliwell Marthong, Mr. K. Srikliwell Marthong, Mr. K. Srikliwell Marthong, Mr. K. Srikliwell Marthong, Mr. K. Syiem, Sordar Smit, Bah B Pyngrope, Rangbah Shnong Nongrah, and others.
They were not too happy when Mawlai were awarded a penalty when Abhishek Verma was adjudged to have cut down Reformer Pale in the box.
Speaking to reporters, Vincent H Pala said that there has been a rule that no one should be allowed to vote but the voters have been allowed to vote for any candidate they want.
“He said that since the beginning of the lawsuit, the people have been deprived of ration, food from the Anganwadi Centre, government schemes from Mawryngkneng Block and other benefits that they should have received. get.
This is what happens if you change RITI 34 times.
The Squadron Leader, Senior Administrative Officer, Air Force Station Laitkor has issued this public notice.
The Union Minister in charge of Agriculture said that farmers are now filling the country's food storage facilities.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Mushroom Development Centre, Upper Shillong has organized a training program for farmers in Mawkynrew area at the Good Shepherd School Auditorium, Jongksha and This training program will last 20 days.
The WJSU said that if such incidents continue to happen from time to time, the village authorities and the BSF should take responsibility, said a statement sent by the Publicity Secretary of the WJSU. Amlarem.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: Two Rangiakura from the State have lost in the pre-quarter of the 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship, but they have managed to show their fighting spirit in front of the fans.
The death toll has risen to 1292 from East Khasi Hills, 2 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from South West Khasi Hills and 2 from West Jaintia Hills.
This is new and I stressed that this is very important because sports are important and now the NEC should allocate funds for sports," he said.
The decision was announced by the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Thursday.
These include the new building of Parliament; every 50 Khadi workers, those involved in the construction of roads in the border area, the construction of the Amrit Sarovar and HarGhar Jal Yojana as well as every 50 primary school teachers, nurses and fishermen.
Speaking to reporters, the president of the party, Bah KP Pangniang, said that the party welcomes the decision of the government to appoint a Judicial Inquiry to investigate the incident. what happened on 8/13/2
In his opening remarks, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that as leaders, we should understand especially two issues in relation to the government, one is finance. and one relating to the preparation of planning schemes.
Shillong, November 04: The Hills Farmers Union (HFU) today held a meeting at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar Shillong, to declare 2020 as the Year of Farmers.
New Delhi, June 22: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu, has awarded the Padma Shri to Sarbeswar Basumatary in agriculture and Drona Bhuyan in art.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The two-day lockdown announced by the government to combat the spread of COVID-19 has started today. Government calls for two-day lockdown.
To show that they are really wise, the people of this age, should really reveal to the world to change completely after the 2023 MLA elections.
The employees of JN Suzuki Showroom, customers and RJ Zack from Red FM took part in the Carol march. The Union of Village Youth Societies (SSSS) Shillong City in collaboration with the Sharak Rit Award has been awarded to the youth who have their own educational or career skills and especially those who stand in the to establish and provide assistance to those youths who are in dire need of assistance and to the Seng Samla Shnong who work and serve better in the villages.
On the refusal of some ethnic parties like the HSPDP from the state to join the group, Shibun said it doesn't matter if they don't because it didn't say that all they should but only those who want to.
The decision was taken by the CEC of the political department of the party.
He expressed his regret that Nongpoh which is the headquarters of the district has been neglected and has been facing increasing light outages. He said that there is a light outage every day.
The meeting also decided to nominate Bah Martle N Mukhim as the HSPDP candidate from Mawkynrew. The meeting also decided to oppose the decision to implement the CrPC and CPC in the state. Meghalaya.
In his speech, Bah AL Hek said that the BJP Meghalaya State Unit under the leadership of Bah Arnest Mawri will go to the general elections to the Legislative Assembly in 2023 and the government will not. Shillong, July 15: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) under the leadership of Donald V Thabah General Secretary, Shemphang L. Mawphlang Vice President and Sonstar Nongkhlaw Assistant General Secretary, has appointed a new government. He met with the Medical Superintendent of NEIGRIHMS, Dr. Noor Topno today.
Applications and marksheets should be sent to the General Secretary of the Seng Kmie or through the branches where you are at any time before the first month of June, said Bah Aristotle Lyngdoh, General Secretary of the Kur.
Kong Agnes has now become stronger and has been able to walk and is undergoing treatment.
Other speakers were Dr E Lyngdoh and other elders of the area.
Dr.E, Kalwing, District TB Officer, Ri Bhoi District, explained to the public about Tuberculosis and how it affects the society. the disease spreads through the air, by sneezing, coughing and sneezing.
“The death of any person in custody after their arrest shows that instead of being the enforcers of the laws, the police have been seen as robbers and violators of these laws. “Through the beating and bombing of those arrested, and such a brutal act, it proves that the police are completely violating human rights from time to time,” said the MPHRC. It is worth mentioning that in the state alone, there have been 20 cases of killings in police custody since 2001-2013 and through investigations by the courts and even by the National Human Rights Commission, New Delhi has confirmed that one of the main causes of deaths in prison is because the police, after arresting anyone suspected of involvement in illegal activities, They are forced to abuse their power by beating, tied and tortured until they are injured or suffer physically.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The Parliamentary Standing Committee (PSC) today held a meeting in Shillong for the North Eastern States. , which includes the states of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura and Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that the Government is still waiting for comments from the leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC). ) to decide how to proceed with the peace talks.
Baroh said that this incident is due to the behavior of the Customs of India how they allowed trucks to leave Bangladesh during the curfew and the Customs of Bangladesh did not allow. no encouragement was given.
To apply for the post of Unarm Branch as Sub Inspector, candidates who have passed Graduate and can also select all 9 posts in this vacancy, candidates must submit only one application for the post. all levels.
The union warns that if the construction of the temple goes ahead, the union will invite other individuals or groups to claim the land belonging to the Government and build their own. their homes or places of worship in East Jaintia Hills District.
The Sur Ehrngiew of Malki urges the people to attend the second day, according to a statement sent by the leaders of the Sur ki Nong Malki, Bah Franky Kharumnuid, Bah I.Mukhin, Bah I.Mukhin, Mr. W. Lyngdoh and Mr. J Kharbuli.
New Delhi, July 13: Prime Minister Narendra Modiun leads the country in the 77th Independence Day celebrations at the Red Fort in Delhi on July 15,
Shillong, Jymmang 06: Members of the Zandu Foundation for Health from Ambach, Valsad, Gujarat today visited the Institute of Bioresources and Sustainable Development. (IBSD) Node, Meghalaya to visit the Wintergreen Fragrance, known in Khasi as Jathynrait and Lathynrait.
New Delhi, June 25: The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has issued Circular No. 07/2024 on 25.04.2024 extending the deadline for submission of Form 10A. / Form 10AB under the Income-tax Act, 1961 (the Act) until 30th July,
The delay in announcing or arranging for this has upset many students who have the desire and intention to continue their higher education without being able to complete these back papers and this will cause problems. They are encouraged to continue their studies.
“In this regard, he said that the initiation of training for government officers to pave the way for change.
He said India's responsibility is growing and its determination to move forward will be a strength for other countries.
Police have alleged that he was a supporter of the UALA and ASAK during the existence of these two organizations from 2014 to 2018. Police have alleged that the victim was a human being. they are not needed for power and many kinds of work.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the minister said his ministry is working towards creating opportunities and facilities for people with disabilities to to bring about a situation that will ensure the same opportunities to them.
“The government should not give reasons why there are no people to look after the thew places,” said Enrico D Pasi, President of the Association of Meghalaya Traders and Transporters (AMTT) in a petition submitted to the Minister. chief of the state.
He said that if the party's demand is not met, the VPP will do whatever is necessary.
The meeting was organized by the NITI Aayog of DoNER in collaboration with the North Eastern Council (NEC).
Consultants are specially trained as a group, not alone, known as Highly Technical, Technical Experts and Procurement. terms of schemes.
Besides Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, George B Lyngdoh, Process T Sawkmie, Zenith Sangma and Dr Mukul Sangma also supported the motion. Try.
This is higher than the FRBM target of 20%.
Hek said the government has already allocated about T.27.60 crore for the construction of a new District Jail in Nongstoin. He will also be transferred to Shillong District Jail in Nongstoin.
The union also congratulated the minister for his inspection to the market on the kilo cut and requested him to implement the order of the syiem not to cut kilo anymore.
The Prime Minister urged that it should be implemented first and then it will be seen after the implementation if it needs to be improved. now I have not implemented it.
More than 40 people came for treatment.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, & Chairman, in the presence of Dr (Mrs) Eureka Lyngdoh Mawlong, Dy Chairman, MSPB, and in the presence of Officers Agriculture including Gram Sevaks and Chairman. other officers of the C&RD Block.
At the same time, he said the NPP is now growing in Garo Hills and as a party it hopes to win more than 15 constituencies.
One of the most important goals is to make travel easier for all people especially to make it easier for the poor people especially and to pay special attention to travel for people with disabilities. disability of the limbs.
The Shad Suk Mynsiem started on the 8th as the day of fasting and ended today.
The union also wants to inform that the police should not use force but should investigate because the use of weapons cannot bring peace and order in the society. The shooting death of this man in front of his children has affected the entire family.
Furthermore, the JSU urges that if the Soil or Industries or any department urgently needs temporary employees while the DSC has not been able to conduct the interview, they should call for an interview (Work on Interview) with the DSC. Public information inside their office so that it is clean and impartial and young people have the opportunity to apply for jobs.
Under the auspices of the PMMY, the Micro Units Development and Refinance Agency (MUDRA) has launched three sub-schemes that differ in terms of lending limits: Shishu (for loans up to T 50,000 ), Kishore (T 50,001– T 5 lakh) and Tarun (T 500,001– T10 lakh).
Shillong, July 24: U Leader of the All India Trinamool Congress Meghalaya State Unit, who is also the MLA of Rangsakona Assembly Constituency, today distributed food aid to 900 households in 11 villages.
Dr. Arun Chougule, Senior Professor & Head of Radiological Physics, SMS Medical College and Hospitals, Jaipur gave his opinion and explained the misconceptions about mobile towers.
On the part of the JSU and the village leaders, we have immediately stopped this torti work because the way they work is not right at all.
When the Pakistani troops came twice to Killapara, the BSF under the leadership of Commandant Tyagi fought fiercely until all the bullets were lost in the fighting.
Meanwhile, the BGB has urged the BSF to immediately stop the shooting of Bangladeshi citizens who have smuggled into India.
All these speakers urged that to reach the goal is only through hard work.
The Raid Nongtung has about 30 villages and these are now in the midst of trouble because the Assam police and insurgents from the area come to harass from time to time. that the state government should protect the people from being harassed and suspended in the schemes implemented by the Meghalaya government in the area.
On the other hand, the Speaker of the House wants the work of the House to go smoothly and to be completed in time for the state to get a new House.
(BSNL), which is one of the companies operating mobile and other information services today opened an office in Rynjah.
l.
She was born on November 5, 1999 in Arunachal Pradesh and Kabak Yano's journey to this great career has been through many challenges, especially after the death of her father in
In fact, the party wants all the people to be comfortable in coming and going by walking on a good road and the party also listens to the complaints of the people who face difficulties in coming and going and The union has also taken the decision to hold a protest, but why don't the people especially the drivers take part when the union urges and requests to stop driving at night to be as a sign of protest against the mismanagement of NHAI and the State Government, he said.
On the other hand, Bah Embhah Syiemlieh, MLA of Mawlai, who brought this discussion on the Minister's statement that Mawlai is a slum area, on the other hand, he also expressed his concern about what has happened in these days.
Therefore, the path of the cross is to share the suffering and support others who are in suffering.
To entertain the youth on this day, there were many performances such as bike riding where many youth from the village came to listen.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The annual session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly will start on the 6th of July and end on the 16th.
Police have rushed to the village to collect the bodies.
Shillong, Naitung 23: A 68-year-old woman who tested positive for COVID-19 has died at NEIGRIHMS, Barapathor.
“In today's discussion, we have been more focused and more focused on the presence of VDPs in Meghalaya as a whole,” he said.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Damewanhi Rymbai said that there are some employees of JHADC who have reached the point of losing their lives because they don't need to improve their livelihoods. their needs especially in the field of health.
In these days, there has also been an earthquake in Sohra and near GS Road in Mawlai.
The meeting was called on 17th June 2015 and the announcement by the KHADC that Nongwah-Mawtamur has been handed over to the Hima Jirang was on 03rd July
"The permit clearly stated, "neither buildings shall be constructed, nor shall be altered in any way to the site or the proposed temple without permission," the organization told the writing specified in the authorization.
On the other hand, Bah James Sylliang has announced that even after losing the ticket from the Congress party, he has decided to continue to contest as an independent candidate in the 2014 MDC election.
The total number of positive cases in the state so far is 84817. The number of COVID-19 positive cases by district is East Garo Hills 1918, East Jaintia Hills 2449, East Khasi Hills 41940, North Garo Hills Bhoi 9744, South Garo Hills 1218, South West Garo Hills 1873, South West Khasi Hills 2550, West Garo Hills 9095, West Jaintia Hills 6824, West Khasi Hills 5520 persons.
There are 516 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state, 96093 people have been tested positive for COVID-19, 66 people have recovered today, 93965 people have recovered. The death toll has risen to
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The District Administration today found it difficult to ban the people from going to the market due to the closure of the dam but even in the midst of the explanation, the people did not listen to them. bor government.
Josephine Majaw, resident of Malki, children of Martin, Robert Kharshiing, John F Kharshiing, F Kharshiing, M Kharshiing and Agnes Kharshiing were killed. We were unable to attend the funeral service due to the curfew.
The Shillong Archdiocese will start the special prayer at Laitumkhrah.
The best example is the relationship he had with three US Presidents, who had different beliefs and motivations.
It was in 1985 when Rotary International and four other international organizations decided to eradicate polio. .
U Bah Kerios Wahlang I has composed hundreds of songs, but only about 700 songs have been found in his collection.
The General Council unanimously approved the name of Bah HM Shangpliang from 136 primary units in Mawsynram Constituency. to be the Congress candidate from Mawsynram while Bah Marwein did not get a single primary unit.
The party wants the products sold to the public to be safe.
Conrad expressed his gratitude to Maqbul Hoque for giving this great honor to his father and said that the Lord will bless him for his hard work. that they may continue in this great work.
Answering a question, the EM in charge of Elaka Affairs said that no information has been received yet as it is the responsibility of the Hima. The KHADC is ready to meet again.
5.679 kilos per student in LP schools and 8.785 kilos per student in UP schools.
