Kordor L Mawlong president of HTTA said that they will wait until the 29th of this month and if the NHAI does not succeed they will have to think again on this issue. She said that the NHAI should complete the construction for the entry of five vehicles at the same time for the safety of the people.
Other ways to create jobs are through agriculture, factories and so on. He said that as a leader in a small position, although he is an MDC, He said that if God wills, he will be one of the leaders in the Legislative Assembly of the State. show by your work to achieve these goals.
Two KSU members arrested by the police are Teiborlang Nongbri from Demseiniong and Johny Lyngdoh from Mawlai.
After the meeting, Bah Paul Lyngdoh MDC of this area handed over a check of 100 tyngka to the Principal of this school, as a donation for the construction of this school. The second phase of the school was held in the presence of the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma.
“We want people to understand that they should be free and allow others to have the right to vote and elect leaders according to their wishes,” he said. The NPP Women's Front (NPP) leader said:
Shillong, Naitung 09: The Trade Union Convention (TCC) of Meghalaya will take part in a three-day strike from the 27th to the 29th of this month.
Not only that, there are other places like Umsning By-pas, Sumer and others which have been covered with snow.
Those who are illegal do not have the right to order the government to leave immediately because they are illegal.
The Prime Minister's Secretary said that they will think carefully.
“Today alone, more than 100 people have received awards (with certificates and cash prizes) and this shows the progress of the region in the field of education and I am very proud of this. ", he said.
Shillong, March 10: The total number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the country today has risen to 156, 83 from East Khasi Hills, 31 from Ri Bhoi, 18 from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of cases in South West Khasi Hills 8, South Garo Hills 03, South West Garo Hills 2, North Garo Hills 1, East Garo Hills 1 and West Khasi Hills
On the other hand, the people who live nearby have tried to extinguish the fire by pouring water.
Meghalaya Urban Development Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh said that MeECL is now preparing to look into how to complete these houses.
Speaking to the members of the party and the people who came to support the party at the police station, Ruben Najer said that they asked why the Dkhars were arrested. If the KSU members are arrested, their names and addresses will be revealed.
The BRDC's Seed Secure Meghalaya project aims to strengthen the production of rice seeds by using low-cost methods to develop rice cultivation in the region.
These are the ones who have been arrested on charges of involvement in crimes related to the political system.
Similarly, in the MHIS Phase-2, which started in 2015, the treatment and coverage of various diseases through insurance has been increased to Rs 2, 00,000 and where the beneficiaries of the scheme pay Rs 30 tyngka at the time of registration.
The meeting was attended by the members of the JAC, all the residents of Nongwah-Mawtamur. Speeches were also delivered by the members of the JAC, the Rangbah Shnong. Bah Useful Lapang, at this meeting, they also expressed their gratitude to the Acting Lyngdoh Bah Ras Thabha for providing the documents related to the raid in a short period of time.
Officers are now struggling to figure out the loss.
On the allegation that some of them have been excluded, he said that the exclusion is only because they do not meet the height of the candidates according to the above rules.
At the same time, the Prime Minister said that he has talked to the landowners to provide land for the construction of roads for small vehicles while the construction of the damaged areas is underway. that the government will give all its support to ensure that this road can be opened soon.
The meeting was also held to collect the land documents of the residents of the area to prove that the land is still under the jurisdiction of the residents. Meghalaya and the collection of land titles is also to prepare to challenge the MoU in the Supreme Court.
The five persons who tested negative today will have to be tested again after 24 hours according to the rules laid down to be declared cured.
Banehskhem Khyriem Mujat, President of Nonggkrem Youth Association, was appointed by Rangbah Lambokstar Marngar.
On the other hand, the CEM said that the current EC does not want to do anything in a transparent manner without any secrets.
"“If you want to talk, the door is open.
Ri Bhoi has won six gold medals in the weightlifting category. In the men's 73 kg category, Anasthasius Ryndongsngi won 107 points. with 112 points which gave him 219 points.
The winners of the Gold Medal were Pynshraiñmiki Rabon (K1 Rules – 71 SM), Donbok Nongrum (K1 Rules – 57 OJ) and Rishanskhem Lipon (K1 Rules – 51 OJ).
Speaking on the implementation of the new law on illegal activities, Prime Minister Duh said that this is a major change in the legal field.
Answering a question regarding the issue of Thiedieng village regarding the Mawphu Hydel Power Project, he said that this is an internal matter of the Hima which they can resolve between them. .
All 19 members have decided to form the UDA and have promised to form the EC by the end of five years.
Email: fifthmpc-meg@gov.
The union has called for this night strike on the 10th and 11th of this month to urge the government to immediately release the union leaders.
Sawian said the Minister has also spoken to the publishers of these books to provide them within the coming months.
to allow the Block to build colored roads as in other districts
The Cartaker Body has also informed that senior members of the party can contest for these posts in the election in October,
Shillong, Lber 30: The two-day annual festival of Umniuh-Tmar Elaka has started today. Despite the heavy rain, people from all over the Ri War area have come to celebrate. witness this joyful dance to preserve our own culture.
The Chief Minister said that in fact the decision to implement the ILP in the state should have been taken long ago. decision of the government which is the demand of the people.
“This means that cement companies should not ignore the JHADC which is the source of the Sixth Schedule,” said P.Majaw President of JYF. Qually Suiam and Hambertus Nongtdu have been appointed CEMs of Cement Companies without any signature or agreement.
Total Gram Sevaks who have attended this special training for two months are 675 and the training will be conducted in 16 sessions for these government employees.
Speaking on the current situation in the state due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Bah Metbah recalled the strong cooperation of all the residents of the state in the first phase of the pandemic this year. He also urged the people to continue to be vigilant and follow all the directives of the government.
The Hima Mawphlang welcomed these delegates from France through Minister S.Sohliya and other members of the Hima and they were accompanied by Bah Tambor Lyngdoh who is the founder of the Hima. Mawphlang Sustainable Tourism Societies (MSTS).
India is governed by the Constitution of India.
Regarding the proposal to relocate the Umsning Block office to another location, the HITO is ready to take to the streets to oppose this proposal. When asked at HITO, the leader of the union said that now there is a signature to the Rangbah Shnongs which the union strongly opposes.
Application forms can be collected from the office of the Organization located on the first floor of the residence of Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA at New Kench's Trace, Shillong from 7.00 am to 11.00 am. The deadline for receipt of application forms is on or before 5th August
COMSO Chairman Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin has expressed his regret that they have not been able to speak but have only been able to submit their petitions. W. Rani President of FKJGP together with other civil society groups said that they will go to Delhi if the talks are only on ILP. Minister of Home Affairs today.
The Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong trains about 6000 youths per annum in computer subjects in three categories per annum.
Bantimerry Kurbah from Nongthliew, Persha Wankhar from Mawkasiang, Leki Dkhar from Puriang, Enarisha Thabah from Umlyngka Kynton and Kyrshanbor Khongsit from Nongrim Sadew.
Therefore, this race will be concluded with the planting of various trees along with the shyieng/tynrai sohpieng.
When the laws/acts passed by the ADCs are insufficient, there is a Court to break such laws, as has been done in the Land Transfer Act, 1958 of the UKJHADC, the Anti-Defection Act. of all three ADCs, and others.
Shillong, March 26: There are 529 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state, 31 cases have been tested positive today, mostly from East Khasi Hills District. 25 people.
Shillong, Nailar 28: U Bah Pius Marwein, who won the mid-term MLA election from the 35-Ranikor Constituency, today announced that he will take oath tomorrow before the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. he is the full MLA of Ranikor Constituency.
Their discussions with Prime Minister Duh focused on various issues such as his vision for the North East, his experiences in Nagaland, the importance of Yoga and other issues.
“We have seen that there are many problems and sufferings including border crossing, discrimination, human rights violations and many others,” said Dr. Woba.
On the other hand, the party will continue to investigate to find out all the facts and they will not rest from Tynrai on these issues.
Shillong, November 01: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday decided to celebrate the World Heritage Fortnight at Nan Polok Shillong.
Surprisingly, all these cows come from Assam and according to the Assam Prevention of Cattle Act, 2021, it is not allowed to transport cows for slaughter as Meghalaya does not have a law on slaughter.
The national Platform will assist households in their decision-making process by providing necessary information such as standard system sizes, benefit calculations, vendor rankings and more.
Police today took the two suspects to the High Court and the High Court has allowed the Police to detain them for 40 days for further investigation. these two men were arrested.
Amit Panghal of Services won the flyweight 48-51kg fight against Jayshandeep Singh of Punjab.
At present, the Naga People's Front will be the party to decide which party will form the government in the state whether it is the BJP or the Congress.
The department encourages the public who are suffering from or have been infected with this disease to come forward through the ASHAs and the treatment of this disease can be obtained free of charge medicines to prevent the spread of this disease.
These teachings point to cleanliness and honesty in governance, business, commerce and life.
Another surprising incident has happened today when a sign board of a school in Sohpdok has been covered by the 'erlangthari and has fallen into a rice field of the villagers of Nonglum. and it was the first day of the week.
The Seng congratulates all those who are under home quarantine and it is their hard struggle to prevent the spread of this disease. to all the doctors who have worked hard to explain to the public and collect the count of those who came from Bethany Hospital.
The purpose of setting up the CRC in Shillong is to operate the center and fall under the jurisdiction of the National Institute for Empowerment of Persons with Multiple Disabilities (NIEPMD).
At present, Meghalaya is one of the states in India which has come forward to implement such a scheme.
“However, when we look at the problems, it is not only the BJP government but the Congress government.
The FKJGP said they don't know who these people are and where they came from.
“Those who have heard the song or read the lyrics will know that Jaintia does not exist, while only Khasi and Garo have been included including English,” said the BJP Meghalaya Pradesh Spokesperson. Mr. M. Kharkrang.
His greatest characteristic was his strong faith in the Lord Jesus Christ and he was able to overcome suffering with his strong faith in the Lord.
On this occasion, the Seng Kut Snem also honored two leaders of the Seng who have contributed to the nation, Bah Sumar Sing Sawain and Bah Sanbor Shullai, Minister of State.
In her speech, the President said that since ancient times, the indigenous people have been protecting the environment according to their knowledge, rights and traditional beliefs.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 409, with 107 cases in East Khasi Hills and 121 cases in West Garo Hills.
This demand of the teachers has been going on for many years, but the government has not done anything till today.
There are also a variety of achar including fish achar, syang/kharang fish, handmade items, umngap, umsoh, dry flowers, dry fruits, dry clothes. and those produced by SHGs. Here you can also get pesticides for the farmers.
Shini weighs 3 kilos per household at a price of 40 tyngka per kilo.
Sangma said that there are 22 villages in the area and from one village 26 households have been selected to receive the farmland worth T.36000/- tyngka. T.25000/- for one farmer.
In fact, the Central Government has requested to include this road in the main road from Baghmara to Mawphlang via Mawkyrwat but for unknown reasons the construction of this road has been spent. The Central Government has extended the road from Baghmara to Khatphra in Ranikor.
At this time, not all the letters were received but three MLAs were present.
It announced that the FDI inflow in 2014-23 was USD 596 billion and this is the double of the inflow in 2005-1
This was announced by the Regional Committee for West Jaintia Hills District and the Regional Committee for West Karbi Anglong District led by Pijush Hazarika, Minister of State. Assam.
Shillong, July 21: A group of civil society organizations under the banner of the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations today held a protest across the state by carrying placards demanding the ILP. On the other hand, HNAM, one of the members of the group, has carried letters saying that for 49 years the government has not been able to resolve the border issue and demanded that the government should to fix the border of the blood.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Robert June Kharjahrin General Secretary of the party said that the party has already submitted a petition to the government since October 2017 but the government has not yet responded. They have been silent on the 14 demands of the party regarding the ban on the entry of mynder into the state.
In the previous matches, the NCC women's team from North East beat Kerala 7-0, Kendriya Vidyalaya 15-0, CBSE 19-0 and Maharashtra 5-0
He also added that if the result is incorrect.
EMT Blesstar Jana was selected for this award for helping a mother who had her daughter inside the 108 Ambulance.
He doesn’t make public statements like some politicians do.
The Prime Minister said that the government cannot accept any form of torti in the works that the government has sent to do.
In his speech, the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, congratulated the police department for setting up this training center at this place. benefits to the community and the region in the years to come.
The union asks how even the leader doesn't understand the evil intentions behind the construction of this road but supports it without looking at what will happen later.
On this occasion of the 179th death anniversary of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiemlieh, we hope that the land of Hynniewtrep will produce Chiefs, Priests, Basan, Basan, Lyngskor, Ministers, Sirdars, Wahadadars, Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs, Doloi, and other rulers from Village, Raid to Hima who lived on the basis of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiemlieh.
At the same time, the Chief Minister urged the teachers to take this teaching profession as their goal and mission and not just as a job.
Khliehriat, November 30: The AJYWO Central Body led by Bah MH Dkhar, President, in the presence of Bah Justine Dkhar, MLA, Parliamentary Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya and leaders of the KSU Khliehriat Circle from Bah SS Niangti. , President and Ba C Suja General Secretary and others who were present, yesterday, at 10 pm, held a memorial service to commemorate the 154th Anniversary of the passing away of U Kiang Nangbah, The AJYWO Central Body together with the AJYWO Central Body has organized a small meeting and a wreath laying ceremony at the Motdur Sah Jingkynmawieit. in collaboration with the District Administration, East Jaintia Hills District at the New DC's Office located in Khliehriat.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship kicked off on Saturday at the SAI Indoor Hall at NEHU. sun.
Therefore, the Dulir-juban-tyrwa Jied-lamkhmat is a published document which contains a statement of the principles and objectives.
COMSO invites all the Sengbhalang and Dorbar Trai Ri from Dorbar Shnong, Raid, Hima, Elaka, Dorbar Kur, Nokma and others to work together now and as the state we need to Meghalaya is against the CAB, according to a statement sent by the Chairman of COMSO, Bah Robjertjune Kharjahrin.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the EM, Rona said that this discussion was not included in the Agenda Note of the Executive Committee, but it is the fact that they have discussed this issue again.
On this occasion, fishermen from all over the Khasi Hills along with officers were present.
He said that all this happened because it affected the brother of Bah PN Syiem, why didn't he say anything to other himas but only to the Bhowal Hima and other Himas. They also have to discuss but why does he speak only of the Bhowal Hima and why doesn't he speak against other Himas?
"The Minister also spoke about yoga as a means of preventing diseases.
The FKJGP, after following up with some of the shops which have not had trading license for four months, has found that many shops which have not registered the authority of the KHADC have not done so. The Trading of Non Tribal Regulation Act, 1954 has been closed down today due to their non-compliance with the Trading of Non Tribal Regulation Act,
Shillong, July 23: U Habung Payieng, Member of the Aam Adami Party, today arrived in Shillong to explain the views of the AAP. I am from the state of Meghalaya.
Emanuel has just completed his training in the SF-10 from the 2 Bn Training Corps in West Garo Hills and is on leave from Nongkyna.
Shillong, Lber 27: Police of Ri Bhoi District, Shillong, on receiving a tip that a vehicle suspected to be carrying drugs, have conducted a search operation to search for a vehicle suspected to be carrying drugs. I'm from Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Iaiong 8: A man from Klew village, Ri Bhoi District, has drowned while trying to go fishing near UCC. he is his own son.
The Commissioner and Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of the General Administration (A) Department.
The affected villages are from Brichyrnot, Tongseng to Umkiang and Ratacherra.
The objection was on the grounds that the District Council has acted forcefully and unfoundedly to abolish the existing Laitkroh constituency.
Pet drug stores and veterinary clinics.
The Shillong City Mahila Congress (WMA) strongly condemns the incident in which the Assam police have used their authority to cover up development works within the border of Meghalaya.
He said that the invasion of other ethnic groups in Majai to trade illegally without obtaining a Trading License from the KHADC. There is also a complaint against the issuance of NOC by the Syiem of Sohra Hima to a non-Khasi family to build a hotel in Majai. the Land transfer  Act 1971.
Shillong, Nailur 26: Members of the Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association.
He said that although the government has not invited them to speak as scheduled, it is their duty to meet with the minister and the party will wait for another 10 months. to get a response from the government on this demand for re-appointment.
Out of 17,000 people tested positive for COVID-19 at the entry and exit points, 400 people have been tested positive and out of 68,000 people have been tested positive, 1500 people have been tested positive. which is wrong and shows the lack of knowledge of the fight against COVID-1
Head Office, Shillong, to request the MD, not to dismiss Bah P.Rani, Accountant of MCAB Ltd.
Shillong, July 29: The Congress party has released the names of the candidates for the MLA election from the party on the same day for all 60 constituencies. , but only this time it has released 57 people and three remain.
The Bill was attempted twice before but was rejected because it was taken from Para-3 of the Sixth Schedule which prohibits two Councils.
“The people in Nongthliew area are agricultural and have low income.
This is the 14th report of the National AIDS Control Program (NACP).
Shillong, Lber 01: BSF troops have seized 110 kilograms of human sniuh while smugglers were trying to smuggle it to Bangladesh worth T.11 lakh.
Fire brigade vehicles rushed to the scene to extinguish the blaze.
The people want this issue regarding the border to be resolved.
Scheme to help by the leaders, said another elder from Raliang village who did not want to be named.
Regarding this incident, the Mawsynram Police Station has been allowing them to do whatever they want without using rude words.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne today said that at the meeting between the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the Hima Chiefs, they have decided to write to the government. implement the Civil Procedure Court Act and the Code of Criminal Procedure in the tribal areas.
The smuggled goods were handed over to the Customs office and the Police for further investigation.
Dr.RK Manchanda explained the shortcomings in BHMS and MD courses, the work of CCRH in research, public health, disease prevention and linkage of research and education.
On this day, a march was held from Nongthymmai Iewrynhep Square to the Mot Phran.
The Urban Development Department has also introduced the Meghalaya Real Estate Regulation and General Rules 2020 which was approved by the Cabinet today at the meeting.
On the other hand, the KSU strongly states that the government should not accept this demand of them, the government should transfer them to the government departments where they work. provide accommodation as for all government employees.
By taking part in the measures to honor the culture, heritage and especially those who fought for freedom, let us look at and honor these heroes of the country from Meghalaya, who gave their lives. life when they fought against the British.
Ed will be held this month for those who have to sit for their examination which will start on the 7th of this month.
Shillong, March 06: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held a meeting with Rangbah Shnongs from urban and suburban areas to explain the land issue. Act, the Solid Waste Management Act and also on the Building Bye Law.
Shaniahskhem Dkhar, President MSCSO, welcome speech was delivered by Mr. HU Bang, Principal, KB Memorial Secondary School, Wapung. Shillong, July 01: The 15th Finance Commission will visit Meghalaya from 3rd to 5th July, 2019 to inspect the financial sector in the state. before submitting an opinion to the Central Government on the matter.
Furthermore, Bah Tynsong said that the meeting did not discuss the expenditure related to the construction of houses for 342 households.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) on Friday vowed to lead thousands of children of the Hima Sohiong if the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) continues to reinstate the suspended Lyngdoh. after numerous complaints especially regarding allegations of misuse of Hima funds.
The Hati bones have been seized under the Wildlife Protection Act (WLPA), 1972 and seized under Section 50 of the WLPA,
The training was inaugurated by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma in the presence of Air Marshal Anil Khosla AVSM VM AOC-in-C, EAC Chief, NDMA officials and others. The seminar was attended by senior officers of the State, Army, Navy, CRPF, BSF, NCC, NSS, IDS, State Police and State Government departments, Deputy Commissioner Shillong, Meghalaya. State Disaster Management, National Disaster Management Authority, National Disaster Relief Force and others.
The HYC urges the management of various offices, companies and banks to declare a public holiday on the 7th in the district as announced by the Government and not to force the members of the HYC.
On the other hand, the DGP on this occasion honored 36 policemen for their hard work in arresting these drug traffickers. Inform the police if you have any information regarding the drug traffickers.
Regarding the pension, even the government employees who joined after 2007 will not receive the pension. Therefore, the teachers will not receive the pension. as government employees and teachers should also receive.
SSA teachers demand that the government should release their salaries for the remaining three months, the president of the SSA teachers union has questioned how much money the MDA government has spent in the budget for the SSA teachers in accordance with the RTE Act and the RTE Rule
This road will belong to the UCIL and will be a blessing to the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep.
These printed fabrics are used in sarees, dresses, furniture and chairs.
Shillong, July 04: The BSF today arrested four Indian nationals on the Bangladesh border and seized 10,000 kilos of sugarcane from them.
The Prime Minister added that the country's efforts and spirit do not end with one sport, but the country's sports like Kalaripayattu and Yogasanki have received special attention.
This is an employment opportunity for many job seekers and employees not only in Mawlai but from other places as well.
He said that from the speeches of the teachers at this meeting today it is clear that the government will honor them, on the one hand the government said that teachers are the shapers of the future of the children and in on the other hand, the government regards them as a threat to the government.
Two drug traffickers were arrested by the East Jaintia Hills District Police on Tuesday while conducting a search operation on vehicles coming from Kalain, Cachar, Assam.
This posting of these pictures is not for nothing, this will be a reminder from time to time to everyone and everyone should have a responsibility and take the opportunity when there is a chance to contribute. to the people and to the country as a whole.
The union will hold a protest at the Parking Lot of the Additional Secretariat on 19/09/2018 from 11 am to 03 pm.
The KSU also demands that these police should be punished so that such incidents will not happen again.
These callers used to force people to go to Assam to pay the money. Police have said from time to time that the people should not be deceived by such offers but they the people are still being deceived by such deceitful people.
These technological advances will make tourism more efficient and will also contribute to the sustainability of the country.
In the past few days, the government has just started setting up its own trucks to transport dewbilat around the area and this has caused problems to the truck owners of the indigenous people as they have lost their jobs and income. They were afraid because their trucks had to be parked empty.
Durga Boro, known for her speed and strength in sports, has played many times for the state and in other countries of the world. This team will help Lajong FC in the remaining games as it is from this area.
He said that the organization was formed to look after the border villages which are lagging behind in terms of health facilities, schools, roads and other needs. public.
They can also open ration shops, Jan Aushadhi Centre, Pradhan Mantri Agriculture Centre and fertilizer shops.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that this scheme is a benefit for the people, but there are some areas where the government still needs to bring about changes for the sake of the people. of the people.
Prof Streamlet Dkhar as Chairperson and Minimon Laloo as Vice President.
The Seng urges the law enforcement authorities to take measures to punish according to the rules of law all those involved in this illegal activity and also to search for others who have been involved in this illegal activity. There are hands in this work that have not been fulfilled yet.
On this day, as citizens of the country, we should remember the great men who fought for freedom for the country.
Of these, 200 have been selected for the Elite Pathway Program and 12 have been selected for the Super Elite Pathway Programme.
Shillong, March 24: Heavy rainfall on Tuesday night and Saturday morning has caused flooding in the Umiam River in Kalatek village and rice fields have been flooded. .
Shillong, July 26: The number of cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to 98, with 6 new cases tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi on Tuesday. 1, West Khasi Hills
These detailed explanations were given by Dr Kitboklang Nongrum, Badalam Dkhar, Badashisha Marbaniang, Chairman, SPIKAP. John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Society for the Promotion of Indigenous Knowledge and Practice (SPIKAP), welcomed the farmers, farmers, farmers, including the weavers for their contribution and hard work. Their commitment to supporting the health of the poor and especially the fighters who have carried out this work on their own without any support from the Government authorities.
Therefore, the gathering of more than 100 people in four parts of the GHADC office, Hawakhana Tura has been banned. People have been banned from going to GHADC to hold protests and everyone has been banned from carrying any weapons.
Police have arrested 62-year-old Kasmillin Konjir.
Shillong, Nailar 23: Meanwhile, the two state governments, Meghalaya and Assam, still intend to have a border demarcation.
And this goal was achieved with the commissioning of INS Vikrant on November 2,
The four have resigned and joined the BJP today.
Replying to a question by Zenith M Sangma on the water shortage in Tura, the Minister said that the water shortage in Tura city has decreased in the last few years. This is the problem that has led to the shortage of water and the shortage of water tanks.
They arrested all the Khasi students (boys and girls) and destroyed their application forms and allowed only Nepalis to enroll.
Under the Rerapara C&RD Block, the affected villages include Balalgre, Chigitchakgre, Jaluapara, Lower Damalgre, Lower Damalgre B, Chengjora, Abiselagre, Balnanggre, Gonglanggre and Bolganggre.
Bah SF Khongwir passed away on 14/10/2023 and Bah DK Dkhar passed away on 15/10/2 May the creator give strength to the family members in this great loss at this time of crisis.
A total of 11 lakh copies have been printed and 2.5 lakh copies will be distributed in the local languages ​​to the Panchayats.
It was witnessed that the police were busy arranging for the vehicles.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma in reply to the Zero Hours issue raised by Mayralborn Syiem MLA of Nongpoh regarding the residential areas of the residents. They have returned to their homes.
For example, in recent days, there has been a person who has returned from Assam who is a day labourer.
We know that an MLA, even if he wins for 10 terms, gets a pension, but only for three years.
“I have sent to convene this meeting because I want to discuss development works and also to disseminate information on other schemes within the Block and also to seek the opinion of the Rangbah. Shnong on the works that have been done and to know how they are,” said Bah Shangpliang.
The party requests all members and former leaders to take part in this day as a sign of celebrating the 40th Anniversary of the party.
Other office bearers are Bah Hamkhian Dkhar as General Secretary and Bah Gremalin H Bareh as Assistant Secretary.
The Minister replied that 2900 students have passed the MTET examination in LP schools and 1670 students have passed in UP schools. Of these, 240 students have been appointed so far. LP schools and 16 UP schools. All these have been appointed in government schools.
The people who were involved in the protest seemed to be drunk and the police have already taken pictures and will conduct an investigation and the law will not stand idly by with this behavior of people who can not To identify, the police have the videos that have already been shot and will do whatever is necessary.
Shillong, Nailur 04: Members of the Union of Teachers' Union (JACATCM) today continued their strike by staging a sit-in at all the headquarters of 11 districts in the state.
“It is on this basis that we have now had to reconsider (the MRSSAB) and we have also spoken to various groups, the group of lawyers and the Advocate General so that we can move forward.
“The crowd even destroyed the Iingdorbar but because of the large number of crowd, they were bombed and shot and even though the police tried to release them, the crowd refused to bomb them,” he said. “If the police are not allowed by the people, what can we do as village leaders in our small power?
The deceased were identified as Ganga Maya Chetri, 66, of Thembasuk Shillong and Allen T Sangma, 55, of Bajengdoba.
New Delhi, Nailar 15: In his address to the country from the Red Fort on the occasion of the 77th Independence Day, Prime Minister Duh explained how the G20 Presidency of India has helped to showcase to the world its talent. of the people of India.
This is because the time of joy and gladness has come, when mankind will be able to appear in the lympung with the beautiful clothes of gold and silver, to dance in the lympung to thank their God. U Blei Creator Creator.
The shops on the streets are still closed.
Man uses coal, petrol, diesel and other fuels that produce smoke from factories, cars and so on.
New Delhi, Jymmang 26: The World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) Convention on Intellectual Property, Genetic Resources and Related Ancient Knowledge is a major achievement for the countries of the Western Hemisphere. The world and India, which is a stronghold in terms of biodiversity and indigenous knowledge.
Shillong, Lber 07: Answering a question by George B Lyngdoh on the government's intention to take land at Kyrdem, the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, said that the government shall not do anything contrary to public opinion.
New Delhi, July 10: U Prime Minister Duh received a group of students from Nagaland at his residence on LokKalyan Marg today.
Shillong, July 24: Prabitra Manu Pradhan, Director of the Odisha State Maritime Museum in Cuttack, on a visit to the Odisha State Maritime Museum (PIB). explained the purpose of the museum.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Bangladesh Border Guard (BGB) troops have rescued Dajied Syiemlieh from Bangladesh under the jurisdiction of Sherpur Police Station who was abducted by insurgents from Umsur at Umsur. 27th of June last year.
In his speech , u Bah Kharraswai said that the party has received a complaint from the residents of Sumer area regarding the pollution of the Sumer River by throwing garbage in the Sumer River He said that the party has taken action on the complaint of the residents.
New Delhi, Nailar 28: India and Bangladesh today held their fourth annual meeting on defense issues between the two countries. margins in Dhaka.
He said the VPP will do its duty when it comes to power.
Long work hard to reach the goal.
The robbers from Assam who were involved in the shooting of the people in Mukroh should be arrested and punished.
The Cabinet has decided to complete the funeral service with the proper procedures of the government and has also declared that three days of mourning will be held in the state. , according to a statement sent by the Joint Secretary to the Cabinet of Ministers of Arunachal Pradesh.
This in turn has improved the overall agricultural sector.
During the meeting, the VC of NEHU promised that in the next few days he will take a decision regarding this allegation. The KSU has asked for two days to take a decision.
In the petition, the party has mentioned some of the issues that have been pending in Meghalaya such as the repeal of the CAA, the demand for ILP, the release of Meghalaya from the Indo-Nepal Friendship Treaty, the demarcation of the border with Assam, the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
to improve the skills and services of the State Officers, which is essential in the cooperation between the political authorities and the people.
For my part, I want these things to be the first thing I want to do.
Shillong, July 30: BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh in Nongskhen area have seized 25 muid while they were trying to smuggle into Bangladesh from the forest roads in the area.
The robbers stole mobile phones inside the shop and the total value of the money was T.17.5 lakh and the money in the shop was stolen by the robbers. Police are investigating the theft of the shop, police said.
The Minister of State for DoNER, Dr Jitendra Singh, has expressed his gratitude to the MPs of the region who took part in the meeting to discuss the development of the North East. disagreement in some areas but they come together to build the region.
Three persons were injured in the disaster in West Garo Hills and were admitted to hospitals. The disaster has affected all districts in the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The President of the Meghalaya State Unit of the National People's Party (NPP) Dr WR Kharlukhi today said that the decision of the National People's Party (NPP) on the post of Chief Minister after the elections. In 2018, if the majority of MLAs from Garo Hills win, the Chief Minister will be from Garo Hills and if the majority of MLAs from Khasi Hills win, the Prime Minister will be from Khasi Hills.
Speaking at the release of the funds to the groups, he said that the scheme should preserve the environment, as the deforestation is the main cause of environmental degradation. forests, floods of rivers and other incidents due to lack of forests.
“If we have issued the license now, we will have to issue it to those who come later.
These items were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
Also present at the opening ceremony were PL Lyngdoh, District Mission Coordinator SSA, Bah M Allya, Block Mission Coordinator SSA, Tbn H Decruse, Chairman SCYO&C, Bah PL Diengdoh, President Managing Committee, Bah M. Marbaniang, Secretary Education Committee SCYO&C, Sordar, Village Leaders, SCYO&C members, parents, teachers and students of the school.
At this meeting, the people of Laitkroh strongly opposed the proposal of the District Council and decided to reject the proposal of the KHADC. The letter and along with the signatures of each of the residents who were present signed their names and sent to the Executive Committee within the KHADC. constituency because this constituency is still lagging behind compared to other constituencies.
He said that this workshop is very useful for the media to understand how to provide information to the public in case of natural disasters and also how to act after the disasters. has already happened.
Besides these, there are also prominent musicians of the state like Umphohliew, Khlieh Creative Society, Na mynor and many others and many singers from this state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 28 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 22 from East Khasi Hills, 2 from Ri Bhoi. There are 296 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
After the meeting, KHNAM expressed its concern after receiving information that the salary to these Asha workers is only 10,000 tyngka.
Police have arrested the suspect on charges of involvement in physical crime.
The Society, which was set up in June last year, has admitted that it has visited all the villages in Mawsynram constituency to meet with the people, Rangbah Shnongs, Youth and Women's Wing leaders.
One of the decisions is “Empowerment of Persons With Disabilities”. The Government has taken this decision to increase the employment rate in this sector from 3% to 4% and in educational institutions from 10%. 4% to 5%.
Addressing the participants of the North East Food Show 2019 and officials of various government departments at the conclave, Rijiju said, “Food is the essence of our culture. and transparency.
Speaking to media, Ivanlumlang said he has handed over the post of party president to Banteidor Lyngdoh temporarily while the party president has not yet been elected.
The villages affected by the collapse of the bridge are more than 50 villages on both sides of the bridge.
Nongrum, who contested the MDC election from Umroi constituency in 2009, is one of the faithful and hardworking employees of the incumbent Umroi MLA, Ma Ngaitlang Dhar. contribute immensely to the community and society.
Meanwhile, police and government officials are still in the village to search for the bodies of those who are believed to have fallen to the ground. There were also villagers to work with the police.
The union demands that the JHADC should do its duty to enforce the Trading License and ESL. of Jaintia Hills who have the responsibility for the nation to come forward and do their duty for the sake of the nation.
That is our vision as a group if we are in the HSPDP,” he said.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the central topic of the meeting was how to find ways and means to prevent the entry of foreign authorities into the state. The way will be by the willingness of all for the good of the state.
Doctors who were present on the occasion included Dr. L. Rynjah from Laban Dispensary, Dr. BR Garod from Lumparing UPHC, Dr. K. Nongbri (Pediatrics) from Children's Hospital, Dr. A. Dkhar ( ENT) from Robert Hospital, Dr. T. Syngkon and Dr. A. Lyngdoh (Dentist) from Titanium Dental Health Care and doctors from Bansara Eye Clinic.
The BJP will also strengthen the party in other parts of the state and set up mandals in all constituencies in preparation for the MP elections next year.
Kilograms of sugarcane from South Garo Hills District were seized and smuggled to Bangladesh.
The competition was inaugurated by Shri Adwaita Gadanayak, Director General, National Gallery of Modern Art, Ministry of Culture, Government of India.
At the same time, u Bah Commander reminded that the union has talked to the government to provide a hall to show Khasi films, not to show free of charge but to pay for it. that it is until today the government does not understand this.
He said that as students under the NCC, they are fortunate because in this group they have been taught how to work together as a team, leadership and have shaped the mindset of the youth in the NCC. the right way.
The training will be conducted under the supervision of the members of the National Disaster Management Agency, in the presence of officers from the State, Districts, Officers from the State and Districts. To start with, the training will be conducted from Polo to Wahiengdoh, Polo and surrounding areas, Umkaliar and Umkaliar. in health facilities and others.
When the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo states were included in Meghalaya, the goal was that the Khasi language would stand firmly, while the Garo language would not be recognized. than it will rise in any direction.
These MDCs who won the mid-term election after taking oath yesterday will be able to serve as full time MDCs.
New Delhi, July 09: U Paban Singh Ghatowar, Minister in charge of Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER) today inaugurated the fifth meeting of traders of the region in Delhi.
However, the Government has rejected the participation of the Chairman and General Secretary.
He urged the people not to support the insurgents in the future.
Also present on the occasion were MLA Sosthenes Sohtun and MDC Victor Ranee.
Regarding the arrival of the Prime Minister of India to witness the inauguration of the new government, it is clear that the Prime Minister of India has a responsibility for the state.
Speaking to SP News Agency, BRM Lyngdoh, Director of MUDA, said that the assistance will continue. street vendor.
This special session will be held on 12th November
The newly developed lenses include the Elan Horizon, the first progressive lens, the Elan Panorama, which helps users see farther than others. The other is the Titan Sportz, which is a slightly rounded sunglass and includes sunglasses, which are used during sports.
He said that the youth of this area have their own talents and this is the way for them to showcase to the world.
Lumtimai, one of the most famous singers, sang a song called Wah Umiam and Shad wei Weikieng. This song was composed by her mother. Lumtimai started singing in 1968 and received the grade A. Other singers who sang at this time were Khorshah Marbaniang who sang the song “Ahmoina He sang a song composed by the father of Bah Skendrowel Syiemlieh.
The State Government should open up small-scale enterprises (mini-hydro, solar, and thermal, through the Hima Syiemship, Lyngdohship, Sirdarship, Dolloiship and Nokmaship authorities, as part of assisting in the generation of electricity through water and rivers. small areas within the boundaries of the Hima/Elaka.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that in the last nine years of his tenure as MLA, Bah PN Syiem has implemented the MLA scheme worth T.8.17 crore. out of seven schemes known as the MLA scheme.
They were named “Silver Rose” which is the first name of the couple.
Tynsong said the government's ban is still open to the HNLC to come back to the negotiating table.
Das Assistant Superintendent is from Meghalaya.
At the time of his disappearance, the child was wearing a dark brown jacket and blue jeans.
Sarees, worth more than Rs.3 Lakh, while being smuggled to Bangladesh from the International border of East Khasi Hills, Meghalaya.
At the same time, the Director said that in the future, the school will continue to face difficulties in running the doctoral course and the biggest challenge is the land to build. the houses for the accommodation of staff and teachers.
Not only that, the political party in the north of India, which is not originally from the home state, is closely allied with the political party in India, which aims to attack the minorities and Christians.
The BSF troops seized these cows while they were patrolling the border with Bangladesh, after the owners of the cows informed the BGB and the BGB spoke to the BSF and returned them. Due to the lack of security in some parts of Meghalaya, cows from Bangladesh often enter India and come to eat crops in India. The cows have brought peace between the two countries.
The AICC has appointed Vincent H Pala as the President of the MPCC in place of Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh. Thawain's state is close.
This time, the UDP wants to win many MLAs to lead the government in
Furthermore, there is a need for a strong Government in the State to implement and monitor various policies as part of attracting electricity factory investors, as it is difficult to attract electricity factory investors. especially, when we look at the past, because of the change of government, the policies of the new government have always changed.
Furthermore, the village leaders and the people have decided to knock on the door of James Sangma, Minister in charge of Electricity of the Government of Meghalaya to convey the problems of the people regarding electricity and to demand your comments on this section.
The lockdown has lasted for more than three months and has severely affected the income.
This land will be the center of the three constituencies, Mawlai, Pynthor and Nongthymmai as it will be sufficient and in these days they will hand over this land to the government so that it can be used. to implement this project which the people wanted to get the C7&RD Block.
In this regard, the authorities should understand and take responsibility for this issue as it is through them that the entry of foreigners can be prevented.
On the other hand, the JSU said that the transfer of the DC WJHD is an insult to the entire district as the current DC is a truly honest, responsible and hardworking person. a person who is humble and helpful to all those in need as far as his authority as Deputy Commissioner is concerned.
Dhar said that recently a proposal was made to build a Central Jail in New Shillong Township.
While the HYC members were sitting in the middle of the road, the Magistrate and Police came to force the members of the HYC and threatened to put them in a bus to take them to Malki Square.
This happened on the 19th of this month.
After the ceremony, the Rashtriya Salute will be given to the flag of the country.
Only VPP MLA from North Shillong Constituency Bah Adelbert Nongrum and his supporters were allowed to stand in front of the Secretariat.
Police are investigating the incident.
Shillong, Nailut 02: The Meghalaya government should immediately tell the Assam government not to insult the Khasi Pnars in Cachar Hills and other places. in Assam.
The video shows that the struggle to recover the bodies is not easy, besides that they have to dig the ground only with mohkhiew, it is also seen that the rescue teams have to turn the mawbah only by force. They were unable to bring the necessary equipment due to the remoteness of the village.
In the semi-final between Manipur and Mizoram, Manipur beat Mizoram 2-0, while Sikkim and Arunachal Pradesh beat Sikkim 2-1
Shillong, Nailar 02: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today said that the government will pass a law to protect the public when they deposit money in companies known as “Non Banking Financial Institution”.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Conrad said, “It is true that Bah Pynshngian came to meet me today at my house in Sawmer Shiteng. The meeting was attended by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Moris Shabong, in the presence of women's organizations, youth organizations and others.
Then the Durbar came to you.
At the same time, the BSF has taken several villages on the border which are still lacking in all development works to provide assistance to the villages whether it is from their side. or on behalf of state authorities.
Dr. DS Rawat said that Meghalaya has the potential to improve income and employment through tourism. they want to start their own business.
In the case of the country as a whole, National Focus Groups and National Steering Committees were also held to discuss various issues including dialogue with various Government departments.
If I am wrong, the results of the 2023 elections will also be unexpected.
Furthermore, if the CEM and EM in charge of the Elaka including the MDCs of ARPA have a real intention to improve, the Dorbar has set a target for them to bring about the amendment of the Act. 1959 in which they should give power to the children of the thousands through the Dorbar Hima as it should be.
The union also had the opportunity to discuss and discuss the issue of illegal entry of foreigners into the state as well as the renewal of trading license issuance to foreigners.
It was also witnessed that the queue for the application forms started from 12 noon until the office opened.
eSanjeevani, the Government's telemedicine service initiative, helps people to get treatment from doctors in cities without having to leave their homes.
Shillong, Naitung 03: U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Tourism, today visited the Crowborough Hotel in Khyndailad, which has been under construction since 1986 and has not been completed yet. yet.
The Miss Meghalaya Organization (MMO) has ensured that the winners will get the opportunity to showcase their talents on the national stage and at various levels.
The death toll has risen to 849 with five deaths from East Khasi Hills District, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare said.
“Since 2019, the Hima Mylliem has included the RR Colony under the jurisdiction of the Rynjah Dorbar Shnong and this has been approved by the KHADC,” he said. KHNAM Working President Thomas Passah said in a statement.
“We have sufficient information that all the cement plants have bought the land and the land has been transferred in the name of the companies.
According to the SDRF officer, the search for the missing bodies lasted for about 38 hours and ended today at noon after the discovery of one of the bodies. long mother whom they didn't find yesterday.
As a member of the party, he has done what he was asked to do to gather together the office bearers of the Congress party, but as the days went by, it was found that the party has not run smoothly. The party workers in the constituency in Nongpoh, especially when they have forgotten the party workers in the villages.
All the injured were taken to Mawsynram CHC for treatment and those who survived were taken to Civil Hospital Shillong. the city has turned into a night.
Shillong, Lber 10: The Superintendent of Foreign Affairs (SKD) Shillong, Lber 10: The Superintendent of Foreign Affairs (SKD) has sent a statement. East Jaintia Hills District Police today arrested 12 persons suspected of involvement in the robbery of the house of the former Rangbah Shnong of Rymbai Iawpyndin on 8/3 2023.
It is called the subject of knowledge about man in society and humanity.
It can only be that they have worked for 40 years is not a sufficient rule, only in that statement that they have worked for 40 years cannot change their employment, travel expenses, childbirth, overtime and if there is any any sad thing, if you suffer, is not accepted according to the rules.
Manas (Bodoland, Assam), Naitung 06: While the staff of the Center for Wildlife Rehabilitation and Conservation (CWRC) are busy preparing how to protect the Rihna in Assam from the floods, They were found in the Manas National Park and Rihno was found by the wildlife department.
During the training, it was explained that the Rangbah Shnongs should encourage the residents to get a birth certificate.
Shillong, Naitung 19: Suddenly on the evening of 18th November 2020, a dark cloud has covered the house, the village and the entire Khasi Students' Union (KSU).
Regarding the government's compensation to the families who lost their loved ones in the unexpected incident, we demand that the Chief Minister Dr.M.Sangma should pay Rs.3 lakh tyngka. Bah P.Majaw President of JYF in Garo Hills said that the JYF has made it clear that if the government shows They will take other paths in this regard.
The Campaign was launched as part of a preparatory period from 15 to 30 November 2023 to identify targets to be undertaken for cleanup in the implementation phase launched from 2 March 2023 to 31 March 2023.
The animals that live in these forests will be affected if they dig and destroy this mine and they may die and flee to other places and it will also lead to climate change in the area as a whole and The JSU has also alleged that the Lunar River near the quarry site, the Lukha River and the Umso Nallah River near the quarry will cause serious pollution. The death and pollution of these rivers will also affect the neighboring villages who live in these rivers.
The post of Chairman of the JHADC has become vacant after the resignation of Bah Laitsing Shylla.
He said that they express their regret because in Pynursla village as a whole they have been accused of being the ones who stopped the harvest in the village.
Kathmandu: Nepali Congress MP from Kathmandu Sunil Sharma has been arrested for presenting forged documents related to his educational qualifications.
Shillong, July 19: Preparations for the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the State on the 21st of January 2022 at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium have progressed. These people will come to take part in the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the State.
Speaking on the joy and happiness of IFFI around the world, Dr. L Murugan said that IFFI connects with the countries of the world.
At the same time, the Meghalaya government has appointed an SIT and a sitting judge to investigate whether it can investigate those people from Assam. without catching them.
The Seng wishes the Executive Engineer & SDO PWD Road, National Highway Division to continue to provide better services in the coming days and times. that this spirit of cooperation will continue from now on so that all these things will go smoothly for the benefit of the people of the area and that it will be a benefit the nation as a whole.
Furthermore, the Education Cell urges the students to work hard and diligently to succeed in their studies. .
On this occasion, the KSU has expressed its deep sorrow and anger over the hostility of the Bangladeshis against this woman and expresses its condolences to the two children, a boy and a girl. lost his beloved mother at the hands of bloodthirsty men.
This is according to a statement sent by the Education Secretary of the KSU, Pynkmen Sanmiet.
This Suk Mynsiem dance is to thank the Creator after the gathering of churches from the fields and at the same time it is a new beginning to plant and bury. ask the Creator to bless the agriculture.
The Chief Minister has appealed to the residents to pray for all those working in the fight against Corona Virus so that they can have a healthy body so that they can work to protect the state from this disease.
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A. Sangma on Tuesday said that the State Government is considering the proposal to introduce the Central Board of School Education Syllabus in schools. You are from Meghalaya.
Shillong, Lber 31: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that why are they moving forward and especially with the border demarcation? it does not set boundaries.
Also present on the occasion were Vice President Deborah C Marak, PN Syiem and Charles Marngar Secretary MPCC.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Jaintia Hills District Council (HITO) together with its Sahsniang branch have discovered irregularities in the implementation of the toilet scheme in Sahsniang village. The RTI Act 2005 is the law.
The SP of East Jaintia Hills District said that the district administration has requested for large water pumps which can pump 24 hours to reduce the amount of water entering the crematorium.
He said that the people of the North East and the people of Meghalaya are being deceived, this is also against the Constitution of India which does not allow religion. allowing people to come from abroad in the name of religion.
He graduated from PU (Science) and has been involved in political parties in the past.
Special training on Life Skills was received from Samla Ricky Cooper Pathaw (Ex.United Nation Volunteer) and also on Capacity Building from Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang (National Youth Awardee). at the same time, Secretary General of the MPF.
Referring to India, Bhagaiah said that we have many languages ​​whether it is Bengali, Khasi, Marathi, Canadian, Manipuri to name a few, but Hindi. it is only a common language of communication.
This is to pray for those who have passed away that God the Creator will not forgive those who have passed away if they have any mistakes they have made while they were on this page. earth.
Regarding the equipment, Dr. Sutnga said that mutual assistance or support from one health center to another is essential, so the cooperation can bring the fruits of success in any purpose.
He said PACS have now been launched through cooperatives in the states and about 2300 primary cooperative societies in Gujarat, Jammu and Kashmir, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, West Bengal and the North East. they supply cheap medicines in rural areas.
The new police out post will now cover 16,720 people.
Other MLAs who took part in the meeting were Nujorki Syngoh, Mayralborn Syiem, Zenith Sangma and Adelbert Nongrum.
The UDP wants the ethnic parties to hold the rule in the KHADC. On the other hand, Mawlai MDC Bah PT Sawkmie, who was also a former Minister of State, said that claim.
Shillong, Nailur 07: Speaking to reporters after being admitted to the BJP party, Chairman of the JHADC, Bah Lakhon Buiam, said that all the employees and MDCs of the JHADC have not received their salaries yet. five months.
Michael Kharsyntiew and Pramod Koch have contested the MLA election against the party nominated candidates. This is against the party and they have been expelled from the party. .
Shillong, June 28: The Services Archery team of the 58th Gorkha Training Center Shillong has won the 20th Senior National Archery Championship (Indian Round) held at Raipur.
The FKJGP also requested the government to expedite the opening of this subcenter even though it is small but this will provide assistance to the people despite the difficulties. and especially to the women who have given birth to children who don't have to go to Nongstoin just to get the necessary health care.
For Myanmar people who have fled to India to escape persecution, they should be fed.
The foreigners have to produce original documents to prove that they are Indian citizens and have to tell what they came to do, where they stay in Meghalaya and when they leave.
During the meeting, they discussed how to strengthen the relations between the two countries, India and Australia by strengthening the cultural exchange between the two countries and Meghalaya.
At this public meeting, he said that he has asked the children, without naming who those children are, “Lead us from the front, we will but us from behind, but the road should be to ILP”.
Since 2017, in fact, the party has been holding a Lama rally to express its opposition to the government on the neglect of our community.
Today, under the leadership of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, the North East is moving forward on the path of peace and development.
Regarding this application, the EC has decided that at present they cannot issue the NOC because as you can see there is strong opposition from many people and civil society and as the council we are still standing. On the same grounds, we don't want this railway line.
Other MLAs who took part in the meeting were Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma, PT Sawkmie, George B Lyngdoh, Meralborn Syiem, Adelbert Nongrum, HM Shangpliang and Renikton L. Tower.
“The Expert Committee will review the State Reservation Policy by taking the views of all groups and by visiting all parts of the state,” the Chief Secretary said in a statement.
Also present on the occasion were Samla SS Niangti, Finance Secretary, Samla Cherity Suja, Asst Education Secretary, Samla Rueben Najiar, Assistant Education Secretary, KSU Central Body and other members and leaders of the KSU. The meeting was attended by Samla Balawan Suchiang, President of KSU Laskein Circle.
By enacting 144 CrPC, the purchase of coal and the collection of coal along the highway has been banned.
Mairang, June 29, 2021: The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in an order issued on 28th June, 2021 has informed that after the testing of all the High Risk Contacts, The Containment Order for Umthlong Village has been lifted from 28th June,
This was announced in a statement by Samla Forwardman Nongrem, President, KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
The party's goal is to bring peace and this is clearly stated in the election manifesto.
The problem is that it doesn't have a mining plan to blame on the government before or now but this incident will shock us to see that it doesn't happen again.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today sent a notice to the Governor of Meghalaya to urge the appointment of Bah Brolding Nongsiej as the Minister of State.
Robert June Kharjahrin said that the intention to convert Hindutva will not be allowed so that all religions can have freedom according to the purpose of the Constitution of the country. Public hearings will be held at public meetings around the country.
The Guard of Honor will be conducted by Major Vikas Sangwan.
In the junior category, AZ Thotmachan of Manipur, Pynshailang Khyllait of Meghalaya came second and Vanlalruata of Mizoram came third.
Two students are still on their way to the border of other countries and 11 students have arrived in other countries and will soon be brought back to India, the Chief Minister said. central government on this.
Replying to the allegation that some schools have been closed today, the Minister said that he has not received any such information. they can go to school if they feel like it.
The Meghalaya building on Russel Street, Calcutta, is divided into two parts, one for residential purposes and the other for shops.
Later, the Minister inspected the maintenance of the JN Complex where the authorities of the company which took over the construction of the stadium showed the drawings and the The JN Complex has renovated the parking lots, playgrounds and other modern facilities.
New Delhi, Jymmang 12: To facilitate the distribution of ration to the people, the Central Government has been able to withdraw many ration cards from many states in India, said the Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare. Speaking to members of the Parliamentary Consultative Committee (PCC), the Minister of State for Food and Civil Supplies, Ram Vilas Paswan.
The KSU leader said this after the arrest of two members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) from Wahutim and Saitsohpen villages in the past few days. The murder of two foreigners in Ichamati village on 27th October
The 53-Ampati Constituency has 39 polling stations with a total number of 28545 voters, of whom 14179 are males and 14366 are females.
On the other hand, Bah Pius Marwein, MLA Ranikor, urged and requested the officials of Reliance Jio Company to take action to try as much as possible to expedite the construction of mobile towers. He also urged the people and residents of Ranikor to be sincere in the need to carry out this work for the sake of the well-being of the society within the Constituency.
They can do this as breadwinners for their family or gain access to our institutions for higher education and into employment.
The party urges the people to remember in their prayers and at the same time urges the people to listen to the request of the government which is announced from time to time.
However, he said that in the end, the CEMs, EMs and MDCs came and went but the Hima/Elaka remained until today.
While the MDCs do not receive the household allowance.
When the troubles come, they will be gone.
He joined the army in 1978 as a bomb pilot.
At this time, the Khraw Pyrkhat, the Khraw Jutang who are the 'Rangkynsai' to establish the Seng Khasi with the aim of protecting the country from misguidance and that the new traditional thought will survive. later.
The team has not suffered a defeat yet, winning four times and drawing four times in five games and scoring 16 points from these last games.
At present, in many parts of this road, there are only potholes, large and small ponds which have made it very difficult for the people to travel.
Besides creating this area which was considered to be the most backward, which has been oppressed and oppressed by Assam from above, from the inside there is Bangladesh, the Meghalaya government itself will now create lad from the south of this area.
The Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra is not just a programme, it is a joint effort of all Government departments.
The suspect was registered at the Khliehriat Police Station.
The Holy Mass and blessing was conducted by the Archbishop Rev Domonic Jala in the presence of the priests and faithful of the church who came from around the religious state.
Madondor Tongper, MCS, BDO, Mawshynrut C&RD Block, and was led by Bah.
On the other hand, the FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle fully supports the demand of the Hima Mylliem Youth Welfare Organization (HMYWO) that the Tourism Department should respond immediately to the letter sent by the Hima Mylliem Youth Welfare Organization (HMYWO). The Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima on the ownership of the land at Dak Bangla, Lum Shyllong.
Speaking at the unveiling of the statue of the former MLA, Bah Andrew said that Choudhury is a man who has seen far ahead. of him twice he was indeed a man skilled in the work of the council.
To improve it, the government should come forward to allocate funds for the conversion of the Khasi Patriotic Home at Nongkhlaw into a museum.
Members of MICIC South Shillong Constituency along with village officials were also present on the occasion.
Other speakers were Bah L Suchiang Muktiar from the District Legal Services Authority.
This is the first phase and after this other buildings will follow for the purpose of the Legislative Assembly such as offices for the staff of the Legislative Assembly, hostel for MLAs, staff and preparations for the The total cost will be T.500 crore.
The total Discretionary Grant (DG) he has received is T.8,43,171 lakh, the salary he has received is T.1,03,750 per month and the total six month allowance is T.6,22,500 and T. 3 lakh from the Discretionary Grant like other leaders, bringing the total amount to T.17,65,671 lakh.
Shillong, November 14: U Justice Mahesh Mittal Kumar, Member of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) today opened a public hearing on human rights cases in Shillong. Meghalaya, Tripura and Mizoram.
Jamuna Suna was taken to Nazareth Hospital on the 15th of this month for illness and on the same day she was tested positive for COVID-1
Over the years, India has expanded the number of oil suppliers from 27 countries to 39 countries.
In the meeting, SAM Office bearers John F Kharshiing, President and Neil Sootinck, General Secretary, SAM, urged the athletes to work hard to fight well in the competition to win medals. for Meghalaya where it is understood that there will be more than 11,000 refugees from all over India.
This aid is for 58 poor households of Dong Snahleiñ, Wapungskur, who have been severely affected by the curfew across the country. each of them was full of wheat, barley, and flour.
The drugs were seized from two places, one from Guwahati and another from a person from train No.12423 DN Rajdhani Express.
Union Minister Ramdas was speaking on the abolition of Article 370 from Jammu and Kashmir by the NDA government under the leadership of Narendra Modi.
The Defense Minister has directed the forces to implement the Area Domination Plan and Zero Terror Plan in Jammu Division.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills Rituraj Ravi, in a statement sent to the media on Tuesday, said that in the past six days, police have found There were 684 violations of driving rules, such as driving under the influence of alcohol, installation of Modified Exhaust Pipes in motorcycles and others.
Every 3 months, data were collected from approximately 12,000 workplaces.
There are two levels of allopathic hospitals: one is Full NABH, which includes specialty and tertiary care hospitals, and the other is The Supercare Hospital received NABH Entry-Level recognition on 5th March 2021, and Full NABH on 29th November
In the event of natural disaster, the farmers can get back the crop at the same price and if they cannot pay back the price will increase again.
He said that the meeting ended without being able to take a decision after the clashes to reach the border and they had to kill each other.
The KSU WJHDU has clarified that Mukroh has been the entire territory of West Jaintia Hills District since the birth of Meghalaya in
Shillong, Nailur 07: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided to extend the age limit for applying for teaching posts to 37 years.
Those who fight against the party are not responsible.
This was stated by Bah Lamphrang while speaking at the swearing-in ceremony of the full office bearers of the HANM Nongpoh Circle on Saturday.
Referring to the increase in the Contingency Fund from T.205 crore to T.455 crore, he said that Meghalaya is still ready to do this but all the schemes will be affected due to the counting. The UDP will look into how the government will spend the money as all these expenditures will be revealed in the audit.
At this meeting, all the speakers and the people who came to listen to this meeting expressed their support for the Bill passed by the KHADC to become a stronghold. to the nation.
The failure of the police to arrest and seize many fighter jets has reduced the number of perpetrators.
Shillong, July 31: Congress supporter Abdul Sattar and 30 other leaders today joined the National People's Party (NPP) where they were welcomed by National President Conrad K Sangma. K Sangma Mahendraganj.
The film was directed by Kamki Diengdoh and Elizer Bareh.
On the other hand, the JSU said that a random test should be conducted in the villages to know which villages are free from Covid-19 and which villages are still infected with Covid-1 happy to get a day's wages.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The Meghalaya Police Station has issued a notice under Section 41 CrPC to the missing members of the KSU Nongmynsong to report to the police station tomorrow morning.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner said that he has already sent a letter to the two parties in the village to discuss and understand the reason for the incident. came out of the city.
In a step to boost telecom sector in the region, Prime Minister Duh will hand over 4G mobile towers to the country, of which 320 have been completed and about 890 are under construction.
In the third phase of the competition, the participants from Meghalaya were the Meghalaya Civil Defense and Home Guards, Meghalaya Police and the public.
The award was given in the name of the son who died in the fall of a tree in front of the Governor's house.
He stressed the need to think carefully about the work to be done to achieve this objective within the stipulated timeframe by looking at the work to strengthen the existing water supply systems to achieve deliver water to the remaining households.
The CID has charged the three fugitives under Sections 420, Forgery, 466 and Section 406 of the Indian Penal Code.
The Jal Jeevan Mission is an initiative implemented across the country with the aim of bringing clean drinking water to rural households by
Superintendent of Police (SSP) Sylvester Nongtnger said in a statement that police have registered a case under sections 452/326/392 of the Indian Penal Code. .
The public is advised to refrain from such actions.
The collapsed well is 31 meters wide and the height of this well is 1.25 meters. It was built in 2002-2003 and in 2017 it was extended by 75 meters. the principal of the school.
At another place at Tuka in East Khasi Hills, BSF troops seized 12 cows which were intended to be smuggled into Bangladesh.
There were only two drivers and a driver in the vehicle but when it entered Meghalaya between Deinchynrum and Byndihati, four people illegally boarded the vehicle.
The Government will conduct RT-CPR Test for all those who return and will continue to monitor even after the test to ensure the prevention of COVID-19 in the state.
She also gave training on how to make fertilizer for 18 days by the farmers in their villages and farms to help them get their own fertilizer and reduce the cost of buying 100 fertilizers.
The Central Government has set a target that in the First Five Year Plan, all households in India should have their own toilet.
He urged the district authorities to ensure that all those who deserve the benefits receive this.
Today is also the celebration of Raksha Bandhan.
The training will last for two days and will be attended by Parliamentarians.
The Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC) is the employer in the country while the employers in the states are the KVIBs, the District Industry Centers (DIC) and the Coir Board. The office of the Khadi & Village Industries Commission (VDC) was held at Khadsawphra College, Mairang.
In Jammu and Kashmir, work on the Chenab Bridge, Anji Bridge, tunnels have been completed except for some remaining sections.
This is according to a statement sent by the General Secretary of the party, Bah Allfondbirth Kharyntiew.
“Furthermore, it was suggested that the Government's initiative in terms of Insurance, Subsidy on the establishment of wildlife farms and to collect taxes on imported wildlife farms to increase revenue and that it will protect and encourage the state's wildlife breeders," the petition added.
We have requested the PHE department and we have sent a letter but it has not done anything,” he said.
At present, the discussion could not be concluded as the civil society groups are still waiting for the documents from the government and they will take a decision after they have read them thoroughly.
While in Jowai, Ma Moonlight Pariat.
Regarding the use of technology in their daily education, he urged all those who witnessed the program to accept the good things that technology has brought. brought into the community.
He said that in 1993 and 1998 when he contested from this party many were still afraid but the people gave him confidence and this encouraged him to continue in politics and as he is now the prime minister of the party. India works for the country.
On the other hand, the Governor said that something needs to be done to prevent the influx of foreigners by any means and the government has called a meeting with the Seng Bhalang in connection with this issue.
Shillong, July 12: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today held another meeting between the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya to continue the talks on the border issue.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Bah Ricky Shullai MDC of Laban said that there is not much information regarding this issue, but what he understands is that the CSB supports them. farmers who produce clothes.
During our inspection, we found that it is true as the party has received a complaint.
The BSF raided the scene and seized the phensdyle.
Shillong, Lber 04: The swearing-in ceremony of 59 newly elected MLAs will be held on Monday 6/3/2023 at the Legislative Assembly.
East Khasi Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 1, 93878 cases, 92264 recoveries and 1594 deaths have been confirmed. people until now.
He said the government is closely monitoring the situation of the coronavirus. He said the government is waiting for the clarification from the Indian Olympic Association and at the same time the sports department is preparing. He urged the sports associations to prepare for the National Games.
Hek admitted that the BJP is now on the verge of winning the MP elections, as there are party workers in all the constituencies.
As the days and years have passed, the cultivation of soh niamtra in these areas has declined due to the death of soh trees due to insects.
New Delhi, Jymmang 11: Replying to a question by Md. Nadimul Haque in the Rajya Sabha today, Defense Minister Dr Dubhash Bhamre said that the military bases in the Rajya Sabha have been closed. The total area of ​​India is 66,103 acres.
The Congress MLAs are Prestone Tynsong, Rowell Lyngdoh, Sngiawbhalang Dhar, Ngaitlang Dhar and Comingone Ymbon.
The Khelo India Federation has also welcomed the development of sports facilities in the States and UTs such as the Khelo India State Centers of Excellence (KISCE) and the Khelo India Centers (KIC).
Our police cannot be in all the outskirts of Shillong to prevent incidents,” said Kong Kurbah.
Shillong, Nailar 04:The Working Group-III of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, under the chairmanship of Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Government of Meghalaya, held a meeting with 25 villages. The Employment Council (VEC) of Smit GSC, Umphrup GSC, Nongkrem GSC, Umphyrnai Gram Sevak Circle, Mawryngkneng C&RD Block, East Khasi Hills District today.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest, Bah Phyrnailang Swer, urged the youth of War area that as youth we face many challenges in our journey as youth especially in relation to these issues. These days because of the increase in crime, alcoholic beverages like kiat, drugs, tobacco which can destroy the lives of young people as young people because through the promotion of these evil deeds which can destroy the nation He said that you young people are the strongholds of the country and the nation and the leaders for the country and he said that you should have that spirit of unity since the Khynriam u Pnar. u bhoi u war because you are not a rich country.
“We must build capacity in these activities and have the capacity to deal with the challenges that may arise," he said.
About 500 people from Mahendraganj constituency joined the BJP. Also present on the occasion were the President of the Meghalaya State Unit Ernest Mawrie, Boston Marak, Judy Surong and mandal president Anil Hajong.
Indigo has been able to operate flights on the Shillong-Agartala, Shillong-Silchar, Kurnool-Bangalore, Vishakhapatnam and Chennai routes through an auction under UDAN 4 last year.
At the same time, the FKJGP said that if it cannot be resolved, the FKJGP will go to the higher authorities to resolve the issue.
All the speakers on this occasion expressed their feelings that this khla is the sword and spear of the nation and he is indeed a freedom fighter to escape from the slavery of the Dohlieh. period.
They should provide all the documents in their villages, and apply or enroll in their own villages.
The union has written to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to request permission for them to go on a picnic to the river to explain to schools and colleges how they should avoid it. They are currently awaiting permission from the DC Office.
Member Indo French Parliamentary Group 8.
On the other hand, the KSU asked, “Who remembers that we children without a mother cannot live in this world?
India has the third largest number of unicorns in the world and it will be only a matter of time before it reaches the first position.
Regarding this training, Dr Shailinia Syiem, a doctor who specializes in women, explained that the signs of self-care are the signs of self-care. who started to get this disease in women.
On the other hand, the JSU and JYF said that the whole reason for the removal of the DC has been banned because he has banned the mining from Amlarem area. kti that building organization.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The National Union of Teachers of the State has extended its special greetings to all the teachers of the state on this special day.
Shillong, June 05: U Bah Banshai Marbaniang, one of the volunteers, said that the Smart Road which has stopped being constructed in Lachimier has caused problems to the residents of Shillong through the road implemented in Lower Lachumiere and the road implemented in Lachimier. The implementation of this road has left many churches in darkness after they have cleaned it with Dewbilat instead of the Rong Road as it has been since ancient times.
Shillong, March 18: Leaders of the Hill Farmer Unions have met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma regarding the damage caused to farmers in the border areas.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong has expressed to the SP that more police are needed to patrol the border of Lapangap Village to provide protection to the people who go to work in the fields in the morning. in the morning.
At this meeting, Bangladesh has put forward the smuggling of cattle from India to Bangladesh. He said that Bangladesh does not need cattle from India because only those inside the country. It has also been able to provide employment to the people.
There are 16 recoveries today, 94511 positive cases, 92558 recoveries and 1595 deaths.
At the same time, the SPC urged the GNLA to refrain from these threats. At this time, the SPC reminds itself that the duty of journalists is to provide information to the public without fear. The government is not responsible for any authority.
All these are to strengthen the light distribution of MeECL, but in the middle of these, MeECL has been used in such a way as a milk cow and in this way it has affected the work of MeECL and this These schemes have been implemented for a long time and have now been completed.
Everything we produce in the villages should be important.
He said that the Chief Ministers of the states of the region should appoint a nodal officer for NESAC in their states so that they can make good use of this platform.
Speaking on the occasion, Kyllan S Thongni Vice President of the party and Louis Dohtdong Assistant General Secretary of the party both of them discussed one issue and that is the border issue which has not been resolved yet. and Assam, this is the basis on which the party stands.
Referring to tourism, the Chief Minister said that the state has many beautiful places, but what is needed is how to inform the world to promote tourism.
It was through this determination and strong steps that the North Eastern Region of India became the leader and the Center of the development of the New India.
The Government has set up an Expert Committee 10 days after the Committee headed by the Minister of State Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh as Chairperson which includes all the leaders of the political parties held a meeting. On Tuesday, it sent a recommendation to the State Government to set up an Expert Committee to review the Reservation Policy.
Many of the residents don't know how to draw the map of India as it is now, without his matti, without him many parts of the country would have disappeared without being able to gather together. .
Ms.Embhalang Dkhar, MA (Khasi), Wapungshnong, Ms.Premica Dkhar, B.Sc (Hospitality & Hotel Admn.), Wapungskur, Ms.Miranda Dkhar, Bachelor of Design (Accessory Design), with the students who passed Class -X, Ms.Priestmon Dkhar, Wapungshnong, Ms.Hakaru Dkhar, Iongkaluh, Ms.Mandakini Dkhar, Jaliyiah, Ms.Blossomi Jane Dkhar, Wapungskur, Ms.Evakordor Dkhar, Iongkaluh, and Mr.Graciously from Joachim Dkhar, Iongkaluh ICSE, Class-X. On the same day, the SKDJH-WC, also honored and awarded Phasmon Dkhar, MDC, EM, JHADC, Jowai, as a sign of recognition, encouragement and pride for On this occasion, Bah Phasmon Dkhar, MDC, EM, JHADC, gave a speech on the occasion. , as the Chief Guest, congratulated the Seiñ Kur Dkhar Jaintia Hills-Wapung Circle, for their hard work in organizing such a programme, which has encouraged the children of the Kur Dkhar to continue to work hard and minutes thop in different parts of it their duties for their future and the honor of the kur.
The BSF has handed over the 13 persons to the Dangar Police Station in East Khasi Hills District for further investigation. The three arrested assistants were also handed over to the police.
The arrested are Thangboi Vaipher of Ryngijynriew and Lalsawmliana Hmar of Madanrting. Police are conducting investigation to find out more about the drug trafficking in Shillong. .
Dr. Anjlee Prakash, Chairperson of the Learning Links Foundation, expressed her gratitude for the opening of this programme. a child have the right to benefit from this, this is the aim that not only the children get the education written in their text book but also get a healthy body and to learn about the richness of our culture and many other things.
The party does not ban the love between the two but refuses to express it in front of the crowd at the Syiem's ​​house because the society in Mawkyrwat has not yet accepted a clean marriage.
The state will celebrate its 50th anniversary in 2022. The central government has launched many development schemes from the government to the state. The party will try to spread this through the media.
Harsh came from Mumbai to be one of the judges of the Hiphop dance competition in Shillong organized by the Ministry of Dance Shillong.
Dr Janak Jhankar Narzari explained that the situation in the North East has lagged behind in the field of literature, although the spirit of the youth continues to grow and from time to time the new talents of and the barrier was still shylluit at the time.
However, Johny Nongrum had won the Middle Weight category after his opponent did not come out.
The Chief Minister on Tuesday promised that the Government will consider the proposal to introduce the Minimum Support Price (MSP) for rice.
"There are also those in Rithor who have asked why the Tamil refugees from Sri Lanka and so on have not been included, but the protests in the North East are not because of religion but because of the states. of the Northeast region the natives are extremely small population.
The District Administration has worked closely with the District Administration to ensure that the youths who came to the recruitment camp have been provided with drinking water and tea. same.
This was announced in a statement by Gary Mawlieh Publicity Secretary KSU Mawlai Circle.
The new Governor of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, his Cabinet, Martin M Danggo, Deborah Ch Marak, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Mr RV Lyngdoh, Mr Cominggone Ymbon.
The march reached Anjalee Petrol Pump and from there it turned around and ended at the same place at Garikhana. Hundreds of Hindu devotees took part in the march. doing righteousness.
Donal Wahlang, Commissioner Secretary, IT Department, Meghalaya, said that the government will now introduce a police force in this regard which will be known as the Digital Policy and this will be specific to mobile phones. Tower to ensure that all parts of Meghalaya should have access to the network.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Pynïaid said that he is very pleased to be able to take part in this tournament where the Rongbiria has been taught by our ancestors and it has survived because of the Seng. Khasi is still alive in this part.
Both the shops were destroyed and the damage was estimated at T.2.50 lakh.
Minister of State for Development of North Eastern Region.
Other former ministers in the previous government have been given back not all the portfolios but the most important portfolios. PWD has been appointed by Bah Sngewbhalang Dhar.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The statue of Syiem Tirot Singh was unveiled in Dhaka by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Sniewbhalang Dhar today.
This competition and training was held as part of the development of the children's minds and to develop the skills of the children to be brave from an early age as the saying goes. he is still a child, so that he will not be moved when he is old.
Therefore, we must be vigilant in advance, so that Aadhaar will not affect the life and death of the country and our small nation in the future.
According to these laws, it is prohibited for immigrants to enter India without proper documents or passports and also for those who stay beyond the stipulated time. foreigners who violate these provisions.
In this letter, Hek has explained how the contract was awarded to the Assam company Badri Rai. Company Limited has been suspended.
Shillong, Naitung 01: Two officials of the Atomic Mineral Directorate (AMD), Dr Rahul Banerjee, Deputy Regional Director and Sandeep Hamilton, Regional Director, today promised to the KHADC that from today they will stop the mining. land in the whole of Meghalaya.
He said they are here now because of their hard work and that they were selected from millions of applicants.
Pyntngenlang expressed her gratitude to Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya, who is one of the biggest supporters for this cause. Fantin Jospeh Lakdong MDC said that they will not be tickets, but what they will do is to charge the entrance fee for those who will come to this performance. The entrance fee will be T.300/- tyngka for adults and T.150/- tyngka for children. All are invited to attend the event to support this initiative. good.
Ch.
Announcing the target of increasing the income of farmers by 2022, the Prime Minister said that the target is to achieve this despite the difficulties.
On this occasion, the people welcomed PA Sangma and his leaders and promised to support the party he leads in the upcoming MP election.
The State Governments have to look after and strive for the development of educational institutions in all aspects so that there should be not only educational institutions but also the quality of educational institutions. PIB.(SP News).
Referring to the ongoing Umiam Bridge, the Minister said that according to the information provided by MeECL, the bridge can carry up to 40 tonnes at present although the age of the bridge is now 50 years. year.
Police have stepped up their search operations against vehicles coming from Assam to Meghalaya passing through Jaintia Hills following the arrest of illegal immigrants. sha can be Indian.
Only ambulances and the press were allowed.
Thousands of participants attended the webinar on digital platform which was also broadcast live.
When opening the pla, the BSF found that there was a Kohke species of niangbishiah and this animal is on the verge of extinction and it is marketed well in the eastern parts of Asia because of these animals. they contain powerful medicinal ingredients.
According to the report, there has been a problem in income due to COVID-19 and the non-renewal of trading licenses by the KHADC. which they have.
The central government will contribute T.500 crore and the state government will contribute 10 percent and the rest will be contributed by the companies.
Shillong, November 01: Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to discuss the decline in income of the people of Sohra Civil Sub Division. you are in the area.
Fifty-six children from different states of India have been selected for the Final Trial. Out of the 56, only 16 children from the country will be selected for the Final Trial. National Camp of Reliance Foundation Young Champ.
According to the official figures, 96,680 people have recovered from the disease, 95,007 have recovered and 1,622 have died.
The Seng requests the government to issue the ration cards as soon as possible, as it is the right of the people.
Police have recovered nine soap boxes containing 110.32 grams of heroin, two mobile phones and a Scooty Aprilia without registration number.
It should respect the ancestral codes of conduct.
Meghalaya has been one of the top ten states in India to be recognized under the Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan (Total Sanitation Scheme) for the year 2012-1
Bah MF Blah, who was also the Chief Guest, said that a small donation is helpful.
All three of them are from outside Meghalaya. The arrest of the drug traffickers is due to the hard work of the East Jaintia Hills District Police who have been vigilant in the fight against crime. .
The residents of the village said that these robbers arrived at the house at about 2 pm, not only committed this crime but also looted from the house while there was gold. , and other possessions, at this time her husband did not have a house because he was a merchant.
Shillong, July 12: The Hynniewtrep National People's Federation (HNPF) led by Louis Dohtdong today went to the District Council to protest against the absence of CEM Titostarwell Chyne. do what they demand.
The Central Government ensures that each ethnic group speaking its own language should be promoted along with its own culture.
The DC said that up to 212 million people in India die part-time due to food shortages per year, this is due to poverty and decline in food production. it is due to the widespread destruction of the environment.
Clearly through this statement, the party will stand firmly against the railway line despite the attacks, accusations and arrests by the law enforcement agencies.
Regarding the Meghalaya Mines Minerals Policy, 2012, which was published by the SP News Agency, it clearly states in paragraph 4 that the government has the permission for to extract or to extract, in certain parts of the mineral resources.
Shillong, March 19: The Syiem of Khyriem Hima, Dr Balajied S Syiem together with Bah John Kharshiing on Tuesday met with the last sister of Archbishop Dominic Jala, Alina Jala and her brothers at her residence in Mawlai Phudmawri. .
This increase in the price of fuel has caused problems to all the people.
Shillong, Lber 15: We respect and accept the wise decision of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) and we will work together with the party to bring a glorious victory to the Congress party in this election. MP Election 2014.
Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang said that the Seng will monitor the construction of the road by the Dhar Construction Company and if they continue to delay the construction of the road, the Seng will not hesitate. “We have not yet reached the point of filing a PIL against the company,” said Bah Mac Donald Kharkongor, Vice President FKJGP, Upper Shillong Circle in a statement sent today.
Laitumkhrah Police Station has registered a case against the UDP leader under Section 17(2)2013 U/S 126 of the Representation of Peoples Act 1951 (R?W/s 188 IPC). .
The competition was conducted by Bah Goldenstar Suchiang who is also a Pnar actor and the judges included Bah Rimi Shylla (actor) and two Miss Jowai.
“The people should think that in the upcoming elections, the vote they give to any political party other than the Congress means they vote for the BJP. “They are afraid of the Congress and for no reason they refuse to give permission,” said Bah Pala.
The Deputy Commissioner said that according to the information she has received, two persons have been injured in the incidents in different places and one person has died from Laban.
Speaking after the ceremony, the Minister of Mylliem Hima said that the market was built on the suit of the Hima and this ceremony is held every year to pray for the Creator to build and build. and to bless the church.
, Mawsynram Branch, today sent a letter to the Managing Director (MD) of MCAB Ltd.
The residents have to stand in long lines for hours especially during the holidays or even during the holidays to get medicine. The Bangladesh border area is also located.
The HYC has also found that there are those who have expired drugs in these shops abroad. Do they want to sell expired drugs? Do they want to destroy the area? If they are still found, they will file an FIR immediately and follow up.
The Prime Minister said he hopes that Naidu will serve the country as Vice President for the development of India in many areas.
The District Council has issued a letter to the Rangbah Shnongs to speak in the Dorbar Shnongs.
Under the scheme, there is a 7% interest subsidy for repayment of loans and digital payments receive a refund of up to T.1,200 per annum.
Regarding the incident, the Fire Brigade arrived without delay to extinguish the fire and the Ambulance 108 also arrived immediately to take the injured to hospital for treatment.
Jitendra said that the owner of the house who has done this to them is the magistrate. If they do this, how will it happen to the people? this is what happened.
Since the creation of Meghalaya, the power to pass, reject or amend Acts of Parliament in the State has been handed over to the President while earlier in the Sixth Schedule it was with the Governor.
Speaking on the occasion, the Principal Secretary to Meghalaya in charge of Power Department said that Meghalaya has a lot of shale gas and the state is now looking for ways to exploit it. ways how to use this gas.
On the other hand, the employees of the MTC have alleged that the government has allocated the MTC vehicle manufacturing plant at Nongthymmai to private individuals without the approval of the Board of Directors.
In particular, we would like to make it clear that the accusation and arrest of the members of the party is not the end of the struggle, but the beginning of the struggle. If there is any conflict across the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, June 04: U DP-HSPDP Leader Dr Donkupar Roy has slammed Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, saying, “It is the failure of the Congress government at the Center and in the states. The BJP has not risen.
Shillong, June 23: The Hynniewtrep National People's Movement (HNPM) Central Body (HNPM) has held a meeting on the 21st of this month at Mawprem, Shillong at the Vice President's residence. President Gashga's resignation.
“It is shocking to know that the number of households has increased to 342, which means that 158 ​​more households (including the List) have been relocated.
Prestone said the same request comes from the leaders when people go to them to complain, but it is up to them to look into the matter whether they accept it or not.
Besides the 32 Executive Members of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle, the office bearers who were sworn in on the occasion were Kitboklang Nongphlang, Vice President Mack Donald Kharkongor. Secretary Bah Arphinstone Marbaniang, Chief Organizer Bah Kidmonstar Marbaniang, Asst.Orng.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The FKJGP Maweit Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the deterioration of the road from Nongstoin to Maweit which has caused great suffering to the people of Maweit area.
This was a struggle, for Gandhiji, not only for political power but for the empowerment of the poorest of the poor, for the education of the ignorant, for the right to live a life of self-sufficiency. good and income that benefits every village, every village, every family, and for every person.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The Military Hospital Shillong has provided free medical treatment to the residents of Ranikor village in South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, July 17: Ka KHNAM has expressed its strong opposition to the proposal to name a zig-zag road as Ardendhu Choudhary Road.
The leaders of this group were confirmed by Rikman Momin.
Shillong, June 20: Answering a question by Dr Azad Zaman regarding the Medical College in Tura, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that the Central Government has has allocated T.50 crore to start the work for the Medical College in Tura.
The Mawrah Water Supply Station was completed in 2021 and the cost of this scheme has been funded by NABARD at a cost of T.1.50 crore. construction from the government budget and also from Meghalayan Age Ltd to build roads and ferry terminals.
The death toll has risen to 7 from East Khasi Hills, 3 from East Garo Hills, 1 from West Garo Hills, 3 from West Khasi Hills and 1227 from West Khasi Hills. now.
Speaking on the occasion, NESO Chairman Bah Sanuel B Jyrwa said that the protest is not against the central government but against the central government. ha they are paid.
According to the Rangbah Shnong, Bah A Jyrwa, the damage to the market has reached T.43,50,0 /- tyngka, while the loss of shops has reached T.1,24,80,000/- tyngka.
“We should not be mistaken when we support the party's constitution that we will remove it.
This negligence of the Government of Meghalaya/NHIDCL to improve the road has upset the passengers and residents as they have to wash the dishes before eating due to the pumpum. the number of heavy/ light vehicles running 24 hours, the statement added.
Total recoveries today are 204, 25 from East Jaintia Hills, 142 from East Khadi Hills, 17 from Ri Bhoi, 7 from West Garo Hills, 4 from West Khadi Hills. The number of cases has risen to
Police had to throw sticks and stun grenades after hundreds of HITO members started throwing stones at the police while they were standing at the Secretariat.
Within a day, from the 13th to the 20th of this month, the two men have completed the distribution of forms to 13 Polling Stations with a population of about 4,000 votes.
Shillong, March 28: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the fishing competitions in the district have become too much every day, especially in Jarian village. The Dohkha competition was held every month.
Shillong, Iaiong 23: Hindu devotees today held a march to mark Hanuman Jayanti.
On the 5th and 6th, the participants from the youngest to the youngest and the oldest, dressed in traditional costumes, mainksiar, mainrupa, symphiah u thuia and thei young men have reached more than a hundred.
“The population of Nepalis in Jaintia Hills has become terrible and if all these Nepalis in Jaintia Hills or even those from Khasi Hills come to apply for Permanent Residential Certificate from the Nepali Rangbah Shnong of the village, Umthe, this will be a great threat to the country and our small nation,” said Bah Dkhar.
Pynshngain N Syiem, CEM of KHADC, said that after the District Council received the draft proposal amendment from the CM in 2012, the truth is that according to the draft proposal amendment The State Government can repeal paragraph 3 which includes land, customs and Rangbah Shnong.
On this occasion, he also distributed prizes to the winners of various competitions.
The General Secretary of the All Meghalaya Domestic Workers' Union, Elbina Nongkhlaw, said that many domestic workers who have lost their jobs during the curfew have been affected by the Coronavirus.
He said that if the Bill becomes law, officers will be punished if they fail to provide the services of the people within the stipulated time. and other public services.
The total number of recoveries from the disease has risen to 92,230 so far, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. There are 93,826 people who have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state. The number of cases has risen to
There was also a scientific program in which Prof. (Dr.) Samir Kumar Bhattacharyya gave a training on “Study of Homeopathic Materials aimed at Clinical Practice”.
I ensure that I will not turn my back on you till the end of my life," he further added.
“We feel like a country that has been humiliated by the division and rule of the government, which has been ruled by people who are not the children of Hynniewtrep.
Sharma was arrested on Tuesday by the Central Investigation Bureau (CIB) of the Nepal Police.
Shillong, November 10: The Social Welfare Department today clarified that the food items distributed to the children of the state are sufficient for those who have been distributed in accordance with the rules laid down by the Supreme Court. of India.
One person has died of the disease in Ri Bhoi District, bringing the total number of deaths to 1381 from Ri Bhoi District.
At the same time, he said that if the NPP wants to get the Chief Minister from Garo Hills, it must win more than 20 MLAs. Purno A Sangma was appointed by his father Purno A Sangma with the aim of raising awareness of the concerns of the people of the North East and at the same time the party now has MLAs in Rajasthan and Chhattisgarh.
She also urged other Khasi Dorbar Shnongs to support and join hands with the Village Leaders of Lawsohtun.
Shillong Lajong FC will face Rangdajied United on the 12th of this month.
Guwahati is now the sports capital of the country.
The Chief Minister has requested the Union to explain to the people that there should be no discrimination at such a time, but to cooperate and the most important thing is to organize the training. Stay away from each other to prevent this disease.
Shillong, November 22: U Bah Banshailang Khongwir General Secretary of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, on Tuesday congratulated all the people who attended the public meeting organized by the party on the occasion of the birthday of the Prime Minister. Narendra Modi has arrived in Shillong.
Memang said they had joined the rebel group with the intention of fighting for the Garo people. However, their leader Rimpu Marak had signed the peace talks with the government. without fulfilling the aspiration of the people.
According to these youths who have already completed the examination, there are about 700 youths in Meghalaya who have completed these examinations and all of them are waiting to write. The examination is known as the Common Entrance Examination.
Police also recovered an SBML rifle and gunpowder from the residence of Ajit Rabha.
Shillong, November 14: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today met with the Director of Health Services (KSU) West Jaintia Hills District Unit today to appoint a full time DMHO in West Jaintia Hills District. In this regard, the union has received complaints from the people of the district that there is no full time DMHO in this office most of the time. when they went to meet, it didn't work and it didn't get anywhere.
According to the price of Arham rice, the price of Arham rice is T.50 and T.40 per kilo and the price of 50 kilo per shibyrni has reached T. /- to T.2000/- tyngka is the highest price in the market.
Only one test remains.
KHNAM Ribhoi urges the people of Ribhoi to take action and to be vigilant on the vehicles carrying passengers, especially the vehicles from outside the state, so that they do not have the opportunity to enter this country. Hynniewtrep.
The fourth suggestion is that the Urban Development Department should prepare a new site to accommodate others who are still in the area. to submit to the Cabinet.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) is still investigating all those people who have been in close contact with this person who tested positive for COVID-19 today. that the search for those involved is ongoing.
The Commission will also look into the issues of SSA teachers, to send teachers according to the needs of the teachers because there are many teachers and there are few, some schools do not have students, the difficulty in getting language teachers especially at the border and there are other areas.
These are some of the ways to address the problems of increasing or increasing waste air.
The RozgarMela is a step towards achieving the Prime Minister's resolve to look more closely at job creation.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma was accompanied by Chandramohan Patwary, Atul Bora, Cabinet Ministers and officials of the Assam government.
The rice was delivered to the village on Monday and found to be really bad and the village has ordered not to take it. don't listen.
He was dismissed from the post of Commissioner & Secretary, Education Department.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Crystal Gayle Memorial Award 2022 was awarded to the Governor of Meghalaya at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
Those who participate in the #YogaWithFamily Video contest can win various prizes while spreading the message of yoga for health and unity.
I don't know if it's the Supreme Court.
As announced on 23/7/2021, the border talks will be held in Assam on 6/8/2021 in Assam.
In his place, GLSN Dykes was appointed as the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District.
He said that the central government wants to bring in all the laws of the central government, but the presence of Dorbar Shnongs is an obstacle.
The money paid by Lafarge is for development works in all the villages within 50km of the quarry at Nongtrai.
The union urges the District Administration to look into this and the government should recognize it. Eden Bari as their home base.
Shillong, Nailur 23: A few days after the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, led by himself to close down 46 foreign shops in Ri Bhoi District.
Prestone said the announcement of these names is to enable the people to know the NPP candidates who will contest the MP elections. The NPP has announced its candidates for the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency. I don't want to be an MP from this party.
While SOT Police were patrolling Shillong at 10:30 pm, police arrested three persons from GS Road while they were driving burnt tires. The arrested persons were identified as Wanlambok Wansai-21, Samllingstar Nonsiang-24 and Esteliborn Khonglam-2
During the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, also briefed the Union Minister of State for Home Affairs on the state of peace and order in Meghalaya and the state. At the same time, he congratulated the Minister of Home Affairs for the Central Government's suspension of the implementation of the AFSPA in the region.
Justice SR Sen was appointed as Additional Judge of Meghalaya on 23rd October 2013 . He was born on 9th October 1957 I went to college in Shillong.
According to police information, the perpetrators of the robbery were two men who shot khawiang and in this shooting the man died.
The deterioration of the road is due to the lack of water tanks especially in Lad Rymbai and so on.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the shortage of electricity has affected the income of the people in the state.
The Prime Minister said that he has directed his staff in the office where there are political party leaders from the parties in the government and also the MLAs should inform him to meet without them. If you don't have time to meet, you can meet at any time.
Who else can trust the one who turns his head away?
To improve the roads and roads connecting from one district to another, funds have been received through the Special Plan Assistance and Special Central Assistance for the improvement of existing roads. Besides these, the government has set a target to connect all the villages by roads.
Speaking to reporters, Minister J Nongkhlaw said that the meeting was originally scheduled to be held on the 15th of this month but was postponed due to the lack of staff of KHADC. They waited from 12 noon to 3 pm but no one came from the KHADC. On this day, the purpose of the meeting did not come. On the other hand, the Hima also spoke about the market because it is too dirty. The Minister Nongkhlaw said that the pollution is due to the negligence of the market dwellers especially behind the Rani Motor which sells jhur. .
Shillong, November 21: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) led by its President Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, Reuben Najiar, Asst General Secretary and Manly Nongpluh Finance Secretary on Tuesday evening met with Kong. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, on the recruitment of staff at NEIGRIHMS.
The Harmony Foundation has nominated the SCC to receive the award.
“Along with what is happening now, you must do something for the future of the country,” he said.
The union also expressed its objection to the petition after it was found that the residents of Mahadev Khola have applied to the Forest Department to convert the area into a residential area.
Other slogans on the placards read “It is useless to celebrate a special day if the government is still working” and “Access to jobs is our right, don't forget the PWD Act They also asked, “Where is the IAY house scheme going and we don't get our share”.
The time and preparation of the MBOSE for the Matric Examination and SSLC Examination is also insufficient.
The Kur Dkhar strongly condemns those who allow such foreigners to take over our sacred Kur and Jait which we have received from our ancestors.
Regarding the continuation of Assam to operate this school within the border of Meghalaya, the Seng has made it clear that it will not allow the operation of this school as the village has. against implementing it.
Shillong, July 03: The KSU, FKJGP and HNYF today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah PS Dkhar to demand the establishment of the National League for Democracy (NLD). The District Task Force Committee (DTFC) has not yet implemented the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act as the rules have already been drafted by the government.
It is not appropriate to appoint an Administrator, it is the right of the MDCs to rule.
Shillong, Iaiong 08: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed one case of COVID-19 positive from East Khasi Hills District. , who was admitted to the hospital for treatment.
After that, a public hearing will be held in Shillong.
Shillong, Lber 21: The residents of Mawlai Phudmawri have been shocked to see that two wells inside the village in the government forest in Pgudmawri which have never been dry before but this year since June have been dry.
Tura, July 10: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah AL Hek today held a meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek. health department officials.
(He is doom if he gives,he is doom if he does not give"
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) has been expanding its office over the years. The HYC-Jatap Unit has been established in Ri War Shella under the Sandi Mustoh Confederacy.
Ribhoi District Police in collaboration with the CRPF on receiving a tip from the intelligence agencies on the presence of a truck carrying illegal goods conducted a search operation at Lad Umsaw. of the 67th Battalion.
The Prime Minister of India said that he pays tribute to Sister Mariam Thresia and to the people of India and especially to the Christian people for this great victory.
The youth leaders also denied the allegation that there is a political struggle on this issue.
The party will continue its protest for this demand. The party leaders have been arrested and detained for this demand and many are in jail.
The Chair will lead on multi-faceted research and logistics efforts with a focus on the Northeast; the promotion of knowledge in new developments for the construction of logistics capacity in the region.
He said that as a student who has graduated from this university, he said that it is one of the universities that accepts students with low income who come to study. but the action of the authorities and the Government of India in deciding to make it a school only for qualified children.
Other observers said that it is impossible to say who will win but it seems that the people want change and it is impossible to understand this desire for change in any way because both these candidates are they are all new.
All this information is displayed on the dashboard.
Speaking at the meeting, Ripnar Lyngdoh, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, congratulated all those who took the initiative to conduct the clean-up as part of the clean-up. celebrate environmental sustainability.
The Seng demands from the District authorities and the Community and Rural Development Block Office to ensure that the poor families should be registered as job card holders to benefit from MGNREGS and to open the way for others. Shillong, Naitung 28: The Hynriewtrep Youth Council Diengiei Circle in collaboration with the HYC Nongthliew Circle Nongpathaw Unit and Krang Unit on 27th July Ten persons from Assam were arrested along with a Bolero pickup who wanted to buy jhur from Diengiei.
He added that in 2022-23, 2531 Home Guard Volunteers and 330 Civil Defense Volunteers have received training.
All Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police have been directed to submit daily reports on what they have done to implement the government's directives to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Replying to a question by Bah Cahrles Matngar on the registration of land, the CEM of KHADC said that the KHADC has started registering the people who own land on the border with Assam and Those who have come now are only from Langpih.
After a meeting with many speakers, the Hima Mylliem has announced three decisions today, to join hands with all to bring about the cleanliness of the market, to report who breaks garbage and of that which they took from the priest, they did not give half of it to the prophet.
Goldenstar is one of the longtime employees of the HSPDP and has worked hard to win the party in the last MLA election and the current MDC election. he himself had to leave the party.
“As the UGC at NEHU allows teachers to contest elections but they have to take leave for at least 10 years, if they win they go to the post of leader and if they lose they go back to university, “We used to be like that in the past, or the rule of the Government doesn't tell us that we are deficit teachers because we don't get old age pension, we pay for illness,” said Babu Nongsiang. we don't get it and we don't get it and we say it should be allowed.
Electrical works should be inspected twice a year to understand the electrification of the hospital, especially in areas with higher electricity requirements such as ICUs, promotions and changes in working methods by those who are qualified to work in the hospitals. electrical work to ensure that these are safe without compromising the operating power in accordance with the National Electrical Code of India-2
Many of the people who passed by this area when they heard about this incident said that it happened at night when people were sleeping and if it was in the morning it would have happened. injuries to people who parked their vehicles near the wall.
While the Central Government encourages foreign trade and Meghalaya is the easiest state to trade with Bangladesh, but this trade with Bangladesh brings in dollars to the government. Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The President of the National League for Democracy (NLD) has not taken any action to improve the roads, except Dawki in West Jaintia Hills District. The People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma today welcomed Pyniaid Sing Syiem to the party at a public meeting held at the Sohryngkham Football Ground. Thousands of people came to witness this day.
If the smoking epidemic continues like this, it could kill 10 billion people worldwide in the 21st Century alone.
There are 78 cases in East Khasi Hills, 24 cases in East Garo Hills, 12 cases in West Garo Hills, 7 cases in Ri Bhoi, 3 cases in South West. Garo Hills 2, North Garo Hills 1, 10236 cases have recovered so far.
In this earthquake, the places built to visit the Siju Crematorium have been completely damaged by the earthquake and now the Siju Creek is no longer accessible and the construction of the road will take more than a month.
Michael Nongsiej, Hiswillbedone Tongwah and Ricky Paul Snaitang have been arrested and handed over to the police for further investigation.
Three BSF personnel were injured and one person was seriously injured in the eye. They were taken to Shillong for treatment. Unidentified persons continued the stone throwing incident. The BSF has been trying to open fire on the victims but they have not been able to respond.
“For example, Tarsan Lymba was not involved in the IED bombs, but the Government arrested him without any evidence.
“When talking about Manipur, Rahul says that the protests in Manipur have been going on since the BJP rule, but he forgets that his family doesn't know or come here to the North East or take advantage. to help.
In the past few days due to the lack of food, these Pukni have not turned to the meat shops but until the 18th June, 2023 they have turned to the shops to color the meat sold. in the shop.
The arrested suspect claimed to be the self-styled Area Commander of East Khasi Hills District, police said.
In his speech, the Chief Minister, Conrad said that Sohphan is a variety of soh which contains a lot of vitamins. u to many kinds of food.
“On July 19, 2023, East Jaintia Hills Police have arrested two drug traffickers, Biaklian Guite and Imliakum Longkumer, from BMS Fuel Station. , Nongsning, while they were driving a Tata winger (NL-07-T-0815), police seized 2.738 kg of heroin from the vehicle,” said the SP. The arrested were identified as M. Tuanbiaklian Guite (32) of Churachandpur, Manipur, Imliakum Longkumer (40) of Dimapur, Nagaland and Jhangir Alom. 34 years old) of Lakhimpur, Goalpara, Assam.
Giving this view, Prime Minister Duh said, “Yoga is a gift of the ancient traditions of India.
Thousands of ships have arrived from the north of the country today.
He said that these schools can consider having one school so that there can be a better use of resources, the merger of working groups to strengthen them.
He said that after receiving the approval, the government will set rules to protect the workers and there will be special consideration for the villagers. There is a part where any company that doesn't have money can't make a decision as it wants.
In conclusion, the Chairman spoke on the macro-economic challenges facing Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 22: The HYC, SSSS, HANM, RBSU, CORP, WYF, WKSU, JYF, JSU, AJSU, EJNC and MPUF have expressed their dissatisfaction with the information received through the media. The State Police intends to arrest more those involved in the rally in the past few days to protest against the assault on Khasi children in Them Metor. They also demanded from the Government to evict these people from this area which is the demand of the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep which has been pending for decades.
“The Prime Minister also said that there is a loss and gain if there is no personal interview.
If the government passes its own law, we have to suggest that 93% of the combined reservation for ST, 2% for SC and 5% for unreserved should be followed,” said the HYC. Reckless driving and speeding by drivers is one of the most frequent causes of accidents especially on the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi District.
This school has contributed greatly to the area especially to the poor.
Shillong, Iaiong 12: The counting of votes for the election of 29 MDCs to the GHADC has been held today. thep vote.
He said that before the establishment of this police station in this area there was not a single police unit on this highway from Jengjal to Songsak.
The Government of India today evacuated 1156 Indian citizens from Ukraine through four planes, one in Mumbai and four in Delhi.
In this regard, NESO has urged the Minister of Home Affairs to increase the age limit from 6 years to 18 years for all children to attend school.
Jowai, Jymmang 17: The Minister in charge of Lower Primary Education, Deborah Ch Marah, on Tuesday said that schools are the source of development in all aspects. Ambrose Memorial Secondary School in Khlieriat and Byndihati Secondary School in Byndihati.
The SP said the second family of Ribaitki Shadap, Shanmi Shadap and Sah Shadap are still in critical condition and are undergoing treatment at MCH Hospital Jowai.
In the letter, the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes Orders (Amendment) Act 1976 has been amended by the Assam Government. The Orders (Amendment) Act 2002 issued by the Government of Assam in 2003 has not recognized them before the Government because it is not included in the Government Notification. that Assam Gazetteers.
There are some parts that should be agreed but on this the party does not agree.
Disability should not be a cause of marginalization in economic development but should be worked together by including them in society and fully implementing their rights, which are the means of restoring “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Ferdinand Lyngdoh.
Shillong, July 26: Twenty-two youths from North East states who have been selected for Japan in 2019 through IRIS will leave Delhi on the 31st of this month and return on the 9th of June. of next month.
The NCP will announce its candidates in all the constituencies this month.
Shullai said the letter has been handed over to the National Vice President in charge of Meghalaya Dr Chuba Ao and the National General Secretary and Coordinator of North Eastern States Rituraj Sinha as information.
The song is available on youtube and in the past three days alone, 55,000 viewers have reached it, (SP News).
The participation of the people on this day is to show to the world that until now they still hold their own tradition of fishing from small streams and rice fields.
In Meghalaya, the 22 km railway line from Teteliya to Byrnihat will be completed by 2022 and in Sikkim, the 44 km Sivok to Rongpo railway line will be completed by
Since then, he has been speaking from time to time to the government in which he is also present but it has not come true for the development of the area. It was in 2005 that they started to submit their members from time to time to the government but it did not succeed.
Jowai, Naiwieng 25: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Central Body has filed a PIL in the Guwahati High Court, but the GHC has sent the PIL to the Meghalaya High Court (MHC). This is the case within the State, which has taken till today 25th-11-2013 against the Cement Companies who are illegally standing in the forest areas with the issuance of NOC by the State Government through the Single Window. Agency and other government departments are involved in declaring forest areas in East Jaintia Hills District as “reserved areas” for the purpose of obtaining licenses for companies setting up dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills.
Many of us have fallen into such traps especially in various companies which have turned into hell in our human life in this world.
New Delhi, Nailar 15: Speaking from the Red Fort on the occasion of the country's 77th Independence Day today, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that India stands with the people of Manipur. and he said he was confident that a solution to the problems in this area would soon be achieved.
If the plaintiff is arrested in connection with the FIR and case filed by CID No.2(4) of 2013 under sections 420,406/466 IPC he should be released on bail. after the authorities arrested him after they had decided what to do.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Tyrsad Circle through the Environment Cell, which is another department to look after the environment, has started to destroy the environment. In order to bring about the cleanliness of the surrounding areas, the cleanliness of the Tyrsad River, the organization has organized a cleanliness drive on the theme “We live in the midst of Nature, let us protect and preserve it”.
“More than 11 lakh people have been vaccinated against COVID-19 and therefore I urge the village leaders to explain and take their part to explain to the people,” he said.
There are 5 deaths from the disease today, 3 of which are from East Khasi Hills, 1 from West Garo Hills, 1 from West Jaintia Hills and 1 from West Khasi Hills. Hills 1 and the death toll has risen to
The four candidates announced are Jesse Suiam from Ummulong Moodymmai, Mongol Singh Tangra from Sutnga Narpuh, Kerbhame Dkhar from Tuber and Silbinus Sukhalin from Sutnga Nongkhlieh.
Shillong, June 3 : The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sohra Circle, Bah Cornerstone Sohtun, has called upon the people of Sohra Circle to come out at 12 noon on the 3rd June Sohra Police Station as a sign of protest against the arrest of two KSU members who are accused of involvement in the murder of two foreigners in Ichamati.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Department of Sports and Youth Affairs of the Meghalaya Government in collaboration with the Meghalaya Athletics Association today inaugurated the State Level Inter School Athletic Meet
Those who were honored on this occasion for their achievements are Nambi Jessica Marak, Kong.
Speaking at the meeting were Paiem PM Syiemlieh, Syiem Nongkhlaw, Vice President FKS, Bah Harlinjai Skhemlon, Sirdar Hima Mawdon, Bah HL Ryntathiang. , Lyngiong Hima, Bah E Kurbah, Acting Chief Marbisu Hima, Riangsih Hima Chiefs and other officials.
On the other hand, Bah Satingwell L Tahbah and Bah Badonlang Dohtdong promised to work together and said that the responsibility to implement the project is now in the hands of the leader they have elected.
At the same time, it was said that although the crowd has been banned, the District Administration has banned anyone from carrying weapons.
Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses (POSCO) Act.
“As it is now, although the construction of NH 44 has gone smoothly and the people have become a little more comfortable in travelling but the sad thing is that the government has not been able to through The District Administration has decided to release the land fee to the people, which has made the company unable to affect the parts of the road which are in the Khap Shnongs and started working only from outside the ground or the houses of the people.
Shillong, July 05: Coal India Limited today at 4.30 pm has installed its water pumps and started the drainage of water from the Ksan coal mine. believe that 15 people have lost their precious lives.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The President of India, Droupadi Murmuka launched the Ayushman Bhav Campaign online at Raj Bhavan, Gandhinagar today. sun.
Shillong, July 16: The JSU&JYF have expressed their appreciation to Ma Marki Mulieh MDC Jowai North, who stood firm as a leader of the people to oppose the public hearing of the JSU&JYF. MSPCB on behalf of Star Cement Company CMCL on 12th-06-2
Prime Minister Duh said it was the Atal Bihari Vajpayee Government that took the lead in the region and set up a special government department for the region.
He said that when entering and leaving Lawsohtun village, you have to enter through the bridges around the village.
As the fifth IDY falls in the year when India is celebrating its 75th Independence Day, the Government has conducted these programs at 75 special places across the country with a total of Indian embassies are located around the world.
So far, 71 people have been arrested and cases have been registered against them.
According to the complaint, the suspect was identified as Edansing Kharbani, 38, of Mairang.
However, some people were suspicious and informed the organization.
Please inform us of your presence by sms to mobile 9436102663 for information.
It is to be recalled that four MLAs, SK Sunn, HM Shangpliang, Pious Marwei and Renikton, Minister of State, have met with the Prime Minister on this road.
According to a statement issued by Samla Juhhi Tariang, General Secretary, Namdong Area Unit.
In this announcement, the government has directed that employees can leave office only after 12.00 noon. The announcement was issued through the General Administration Department, Government of Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the Governor is a Visitor of the University and the post of Chancellor of the University was approved by the Governor in
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Pala expressed his satisfaction with the opening and upgradation of Christ King Secondary School to Christ King Higher Secondary School. He wants to see that the growth of the state will continue to increase in the coming years.
The government's intention to arrest and prosecute the leaders of the party in various cases is like fueling the protest instead of creating ways to resolve the protest.
Shillong, July 31: BSF troops from 123 Bn have installed street lights at Umniuh Tmar and Thangsngi villages in East Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya.
According to the letter written by the EAC of East Khasi Hills District, there is a legal dispute within the KHADC court and for this reason the office does not want anything to happen. Any subsequent violation shall temporarily suspend the permit, the office has not yet canceled the permit to build a footpath.
Shillong, Naitung, 28: A man named David Khongsit (Nongsawlia) who works as an Asst.Engineer (Electrical) at Star Cement has been arrested at 1:30 pm this morning. He broke into the room of K. Pdang, who has one child and lives at the house of Drake Nongtdu in Lumshnong, and touched her virginity and tried to rape her.
The census was conducted by the National President of the BJP Mahila Morcha, Vanathi Srinivasan.
“He said that the Director of Urban Affairs and the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) have now considered and confirmed the RTI reply of the SMB sent to the HYC. There are only 194 Government employees out of 342 households in Them Metor.
In his speech, Shri. Rahul Gandhi, MP inquired about the partyless rules of governance of the Khasi Jaintia Hills. He was informed that in Khasi Jaintia Hills there are 3363 Khasi Pnars. It is also said that these have a special way of 'ting' kur between the Khasi Pnar, the way of deciding the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima through 'the will of many churches' and the way of removing the ruler when they lost the trust of the children of the thousand without five years of rule.
There is no need to talk to the sick because besides the bad condition of this road, there is also traffic jam from time to time especially in Tahkhniang Tuber Kmai Shnong, Lad-Rymbai, Khliehriat and other parts of this road. NH 44 is the bloodline of many states of North East India,” said Cherity Dkhar Suja, Asst General Secretary of KSU-JHDU.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the Regional Committee meeting held in Shillong on Tuesday, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, “The Regional Committees for West Khasi Hills- Kamrup Border Sector has decided to reduce the problems of the villages as part of the border settlement in this sector.
Shillong, November 13: Tens of thousands of people from all over Meghalaya today gathered at Motphran before marching to Raj Bhavan to protest against the CAB. To express the view that the Inner Line Permit should not be issued in Meghalaya.
At this meeting, the Mawlai Town Dorbar demanded that the government should dismiss those involved in the shooting of Bah Cheris, if the government does not dismiss the police who are involved in the shooting of Bah Cheris. They will not take part in the meeting of the Peace Committee convened by the Government.
The MDCs of KHADC will be held at the KHADC Dorbar and the MDCs of JHADC will be held at the JHADC Dorbar. The MDCs will be elected tomorrow.
Sainkupar Nongtraw said in a statement sent today.
Speaking of our land tenure system in Ri Khasi Jaintia, we are the owners and they are not revenue land that the government can do as it pleases.
The performers were a new group called T Na U Bnai, Saphina Kharhunai and Aanya Kharhunai, children of Bah Rana Kharkongor, and the surs of Bah Tanbor. Singer by Adlyne Khonglam.
With this release, the total share of the Government in the SDRF released to the State Governments so far is T.42,366 crore.
On the other hand, many of those who want to renew the Rangbah Shnong is that the old Rangbah Shnong has not looked after anything in all aspects and he doesn't have that responsibility as a Rangbah Shnong. He said that even the residential certificates cannot be obtained and this is a big problem for the people.
These three girls include Aiboklin Rina (70kg), Badalin Kharbyngar (55kg), Diana Jyrwa (50kg) and Jeremy B Rangad (below 80kg).
Today, the Meghalaya Service Rules, 2024 have been approved by the Cabinet,” he said.
On receiving a tip, Phulbari and Rajabala police conducted a search operation and arrested three persons and seized a 9mm pistol and a magazine. .
Speaking at the tournament, the Deputy Director said that although doctors play an important role, most of the patients turn to nurses.
Shillong, November 07: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today marked the 24th birth anniversary of the late President of the KSU Bah Bull N Lyngdoh by laying flowers at his memorial at Malki in the presence of hundreds of members. of the party were present on this day.
For those who wish to get a passport quickly, apply only for those who are 18 years of age and above and must provide the following documents, date of birth and father's name. rejected mar price will not be accepted.
The target is to install 1,50,000 towers by October
The most important thing for us is that we want to cleanse the hearts of those who do wrong by throwing away their garbage just to be proud that their houses or gardens are clean. It was clean but they were happy to throw the garbage behind the rivers.
On the other hand, the DGP said that many questions are being investigated and they cannot tell.
The Prime Minister emphasized on the cooperation of individuals, communities and groups in developing our measures to fight against the COVID-19 crisis.
We are confident that it will create problems and we still want to preserve our culture and heritage.
How much has been caused by the 'political' rule which has overthrown the 'political' rule of the Khasi.
He said, “When these nine melodies come together, they bring complete peace.
According to the agreement signed today, the MLCU will assist and advise the KHADC in the research on the distribution of Khasi medicines and at the same time in the MLCU will promote this method of Khasi medicine.
Also present on the occasion were teachers, parents and village officials including Rangbah Shnong Bah E Rynjah and others.
The KSU said that it is very unfortunate that the foreigners are not allowed to travel from one district to another but when the KSU members arrest foreigners who travel illegally and without The KSU is sorry at this time because the influx of foreigners is one of the ways to spread the covid. -19 in our state and the law is too biased because the punishment will be only for the indigenous people and not for the authorities.
The theme of this meeting is “Human Security Agenda in the Globalized World”. The organization wishes this young man to reach his destination safely so that he can do something when he is ready. At the same time, the party is proud to have such a young man from our region who will lead the way to this great tournament of 45 countries.
New Delhi, March 04: Following the request of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the people of Delhi have reached a new record in the purchase of Khadi and Village Industries.
After questioning, police handed over the suspect to her family members in the presence of female police officers from Shillong.
He said the government has prepared a fund of at least Rs 20 crore to provide assistance to those affected by the earthquake, collapse of houses and other incidents in these areas. that 24hours that ban sawan.
Larnai Pottery has attracted many people to the market which is located in the center of Shillong. where clay pots are displayed in this shop.
According to a statement sent by the police, they received a tip that a truck number NL 01-AH-5853 was carrying illegal goods. Police from Lat Umsaw and CRPF have arrested the vehicle.
Furthermore, the issue of this program is occupancy, which means the presence of people in a place and those who do not leave the same place as the time changes.
Regarding this peace talks, the government has appointed a ksiang to talk to them, as Christians, as Christian leaders, it is very pleasant, we should pray that God will lead forward. meaningful dialogue, honest dialogue, honest dialogue that there is mutual trust that is the most important thing.
Shillong, November 07: Due to the shortage of Doctor Specialists in Meghalaya, the Cabinet today decided to set up a training center for MBBS Doctors. you are called “Specialist”.
Police have recovered three Chinese-made pistols from the scene.
The FKJGP-EJH's opposition to the railway line is on the grounds that our State does not have adequate and strong laws to protect our people and if this railway line comes it will endanger our people. On this basis , while there are no laws to protect us , we cannot accept the Railway Project in the whole country of Hynniewtrep The MDA-II Government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma as CM will implement the ILP first and then it will consider the railway line and if the government acts by force and if anything happens the government will implement the ILP first. The MDCs of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills Autonomous District Councils on Tuesday unanimously discussed to oppose the Government of India's plan to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) throughout India.
Marak plants 100 trees annually and has a total of 3400 trees on a 5 acre area.
Jowai, June 27: The National Green Tribunal (KSU) has urged the National Green Tribunal (KSU) to look into the cement factories and to take action to shut down all the cement plans in East Jaintia Hills. The presence of Cement Plants in the area has destroyed the forests, water bodies and soil in East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The total number of people who have been vaccinated against COVID-19 in Meghalaya has reached 17,92,363 lakh so far, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has said.
The meeting was convened by the Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh in the presence of the Chief Minister's Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, the Leader of the Opposition, Dr Mukul Sangma. The state could not attend the meeting due to video conferencing with the Prime Minister of India.
Through NI-KSHAY MITRA, the aim is to provide food support, education and treatment to the patients.
The Director said that one person has died of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District today and the death toll from COVID-19 in the state has risen to
The flames inside the transformer site have shocked the residents and the people living near the transformer site.
With this method of using Paytm, you can fill up with petrol, buy food from shops, pay taxi fares, pay bills at restaurants.
I don't have any other tricks that make me succeed but only perseverance.
The Cyber ​​Security Operations Center is equipped with 24 hours a day.
Members of the KSU have brought banners to express their sorrow over the loss of this great man and the loss is not only the Khasi people but also the world.
The power to accept or modify the business of companies during the financial year shall be vested in the Central Government under Article 2(41) and to empower the Central Government to transfer state-owned companies into private companies.
Others who attended the ceremony were Bah DP Iangjuh, former MLA of the constituency, Bah Soly Lyngdoh, Secretary DCC East Khasi Hills, Bah K. Lyngkhoi, Presidents and Secretaries of Units from Mawsynram Constituency.
It is learned that the storm on Saturday morning has also cut off the electricity lines in some parts of the district. There is also a problem with the light.
Through the IVRS (Interactive Voice Response System), there is a 14-day surveillance of the returnees where the nurses also visit the homes of the returnees to get more detailed information on their health. .
The RBCC also congratulates the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma for allowing the MLA to hand over the road construction fund of the state government.
This center can train 20 youths at the same time.
Smriti Zubin Irani has inaugurated the Muga Silk Seed Production Center in Tura, Meghalaya, the Silk Printing and Processing Unit in Agartala, Tripura, the Spun Silk Mill in Sangaipat, Imphal and the development of sericulture in Mamit, Mizoram.
Samla Lambokstarwell, new president of KSU, congratulated the members who came from Mizoram, Silchar and Halflong and all the units of the KSU who came to take part in this day. to elect new office bearers of the organization.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 628. 41 cases from East Khasi Hills, 6 cases from Ri Bhoi, 3 cases from South Garo Hills, 20 cases from West Garo Hills and 20 cases from West Garo Hills. Jaintia Hills 2 people.
Shillong, November 12: U General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Dr Jemino Mawthoh today inaugurated the party office at Umsning, Ri Bhoi District.
He said the NEC can turn to investors in the tourism industry and information technology hubs like Bangalore, Hyderabad and Pune, where it can invite them to participate. at the Summit in order to attract more investments in the northeast.
They protect our freedom by ensuring security from external threats.
This dance was held in the presence of the people of Khasi Hills from all over the country to witness this day to showcase to the world that as a nation we have our own culture. .
The campaign aims to honor the freedom fighters and heroes who sacrificed their lives for the country.
Therefore, they expect the two states to prepare the names of the villages that should go from Meghalaya to Assam and those that should come from Assam to Meghalaya.
The ownership of the country is very important especially for the minorities and if the central government uses force to introduce this Act, it will be a great threat to the minorities. long as the water was in front of the great sea.
The ceremony was held at the old guest house of NEHU this month in the presence of hundreds of students.
The Vice President of the party said that as a nation we have been attacked and oppressed in all aspects.
The Assembly Secretariat has lodged a complaint with the state police against Bah Khongwir and has temporarily suspended him from his post.
Shillong, Lber 20: Speaking in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly on the opening day of the 2023-2024 Budget Session, Governor Phagu Chauhan said that 70% of the people of Meghalaya trust the government. earn their living in the field.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: Leaders of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly (KJPA) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma at his office to congratulate him on the government's recognition of the projects. Rev. Thomas Jones.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Lyngdoh said that after the party received allegations in the media, the party authorities urged him to step down and V Shanmuganathan has sent his resignation letter on the 26th of this month and has accepted his resignation.
The SOP promotes the use of digital payment methods for the purchase of tickets, food and juices and more.
The EC will introduce Bill 1 in the current session.
She said that this hospital has provided 102 years of service to the people whether from within the State or abroad.
Speaking to SP News Agency, many of these land owners expressed their surprise to receive the summons to appear before the office of the state government in charge of urban development works. They said that the summons was written in English which many did not understand.
Only 50 forms will be issued per day in each grade.
The chair will also support logistics research, human resource development and initiatives to assist the PM Gati Shakti Masterplan to strengthen logistics in the North East and North East.
The President of the Parish Youth Association, Bah Pynbianglang Kshiar, said that the festival will be held on the 21st of this month at the Holy Cross School, Mawkynrew.
Latest reports from the Ministry of Industry said that in the past five years, the number of large scale industries or medium industries has decreased in Meghalaya.
After receiving a tip, police from Sohra and Mairang rushed to Nongsohma village led by one of the arrested and seized a Scotty. and three bikes on 18th November
“It doesn't make sense and we have had a discussion to think only for the MDC election,” said Bah Passah.
Regarding the land, the office will appoint a team of inquiry to find out the truth and the district will be ready to take over the land, said the CEM in the House.
In their speeches, Ms Phanwar and Ms Rashir expressed their gratitude to MEPA for honoring them with the award for their work as journalists.
Shillong, July 27: U Samla Boltijoy Ryan Nongsiej, who won the title of Mr. India 2023 in Sangli, Maharashtra, has been selected to represent India at the International Pageant to be held in Sangli, Maharashtra. Vietnam in July,
In fact, the state government should have considered whether to accept or reject any law for the benefit of the people.
On the other hand, the Secretary Shnong said that the Hima should hold a dorbar to appoint a Rangbah Shnong according to the law as the Sanad of the current Rangbah Shnong has expired one year ago.
After receiving the complaint, the office of the Syiem of Mylliem has sent a letter to the three Rangbah Shnongs requesting them to come to the dorbar hall at Mawkhar to discuss and explain the complaint. on the 16th of June 2013 at 2 pm.
Shillong, Nailar 29: U Bah RK Rymbai, resident of Panaliar village, Jowai, has come forward to seek RTI from the office of the PWD Road Shangpung Division.
Speaking to reporters after the end of the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Cabinet has approved the Meghalaya Ropeway Bill 2022 to address the needs of the ropeway residents and others.
Shillong, July 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Shillong, today announced that a person who was close to a soldier who was infected with COVID-19 has tested positive for COVID-19 in Shillong.
In this regard, the Union Minister suggested that the State Government should seek assistance from the Central Government for Bio Medical Maintenance by signing a MoU with private companies. They will repair the paid machines and the Central Government will pay the money.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today denied the allegation by the members of the KSU Laitumkhrah Unit that they demanded Rs 5 lakh from Karuna Sindhu Ghosh for owning land. in the city of Shillong.
Fortunately, no one was injured in the incident.
KSU Mawkyrwat Circle expresses its concern over the problems of school deficit teachers who have only one teacher and one school has only one sanctioned post.
The construction for phase 1 is to expand the ground, to build water drains around the ground, to build seating areas and others.
During the meeting, the Minister was urged to set up and fully implement the District Level Committee and Block Level Committee in the fight against drugs, as they do not know how far it has worked in the district.
The Government continues to rely on the contribution of the frontline health workers and looks forward to their cooperation for the safety of the community and the state as a whole,” said the statement. .
International film festivals such as Cannes, Berlin and Venice are other prestigious festivals recognized by the FIAPF.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 20 people have tested positive for COVID-1 long 63 cases in the state.
The new office bearers of FKJGP Lai Shnong (Mawnianglah, Mawkhan and Mawrashe) Area Unit are Hopewell Kharkongor as President, Baseilang Umdor as Vice President and Shahbok Langstieh as General Secretary. Members of the Executive Members were also appointed.
Meghalaya has a debt-to-GSDP ratio of 33.19% in 2016-17 and 31.76% in 2017-1
On the other hand, it is sad because this child comes from a poor family.
On the other hand, the KSU said that the government should first seek their opinion on this issue and at the same time should ask for proper documents especially from those residents who non-residents in the UIN registration. (SP News).
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Bawan reminded the youth that when they protest, many students say that they are the children of the country. Bawan said that it is only the KSU that is the stronghold to protect the nation.
The NSS volunteers of the College took part in the visit to the homes to ask about the income and education of the residents.
“I promise that I am here not to destroy the party but I promise to strengthen the party. “I don't want to destroy the people's property but to help the people,” said Pala.
Speeches were delivered by Wallam Nongsiej President Mawkyrwat Circle, Samla Teibok Wanniang General Secretary Mawkyrwat Circle, Samla Barrister G Nongsiej Environment Secretary Mawkyrwat Circle and Arbok Khar Jahrin President South West Khasi Hill District. .
Referring to the Hima Mylliem, the president of the KSU said that the Hima has the information if it does not know how to send it to the KHADC, in fact the Hima should have closed it immediately within the authority of the Hima.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 25: Replying to a question in the Rajya Sabha today, the Minister of State for Shipping, Chemicals and Fertilizers, Mansukh Mandaviya said that the Protocol on Inland Water Transit and Trade It has been between India and Bangladesh since
The President of the Narpuh Branch also spoke at the meeting.
They also informed that many of the children of the thousands used to come to meet with the Chief Executive Members to ask which political party they can trust to fulfill their promises.
If the Government of India cannot solve the problem of infiltration by mynder or foreigners, the Northeast especially in Meghalaya will undoubtedly face problems.
“Our wish is that this stadium will benefit the people and not the contractor.
Ramsiej & 3.
According to the First Schedule of the Constitution of India.
In this regard, discussions have been held with the Central Government to use the resources of Israel to develop agriculture in Meghalaya and from these two areas it will be extended to other areas. parts of the state and this cooperation will help in the development of agriculture in the state.
Samla Leningstar Rymbai, General Secretary of the JSM Seng Kmie, conducted the meeting at the meeting of the CEC. Before the swearing-in ceremony of the new members of the JSM-NC, a speech was delivered by the JSM-NC. JSM West Circle Publicity Secretary Deijuhi Siangshai, Education Secretary Roitre Dkhar and JSM West Circle General Secretary and President Pilarstone Phawa delivered speeches. You are right.
He said it was during Rajiv's tenure that the voting age was reduced from 21 years to 18 years, it was during his tenure that women's empowerment was brought about and it was he who bring in the pancahyati raj that the rule has been in the villages.
There are many reasons why as soon as this election comes, people die like magic.
It is said that the presence of forests brings about water conservation because through the trees water can be retained.
In another match, Lajong will face Malki.
“After that, they hid the body near a lawbniap and waited until the sky was dark to take the body back to the house of Bah Command Nongrah.
This is part of the “Swachhata Hi Seva Campaign” besides the cleaning of the roads and the planting of trees. Students of IIPS and William Carey University, Shillong also held a competition on cleanliness.
The ceremony was conducted by Deibormi Rymbai EM, MSCSO. Those present on the occasion were Bah Shaniahbha Dkhar and July Ewanmi Sianghai, President and Genl.
There are 55 recoveries, 687 confirmed cases, 95198 tests, 92906 recoveries and 92906 deaths. to 1605 people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: Shillong Lajong FC U-19 today lost in the Oil-DFA All India Level U-19 Inter-Academy Invitational Football Tournament today. Siniolchu FC beat Sikkim FC in the first leg of the tournament.
If anyone doesn't know what they are doing, he doesn't know; If anyone knows too much about something, he is called a tip phngar.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, has said that economic development is the solution to all problems.
Leaders such as MLAs/MDCs should also look after and cooperate with the village authorities.
Brigadier VM Sharma, Deputy Director General in charge of the North Eastern States of India, launched the race in Tura today.
In the testimony of the JSM, it was seen that this meeting led by Ma Hiral Dkhar was a meeting that hoped that our nation still has those leaders who turn to the people.
JAC members called for the Vice Chancellor to leave and dismiss Rohit Prasad immediately but the Vice Chancellor refused to leave and called the leaders of the Joint Action. Committee to the negotiating table while the teachers immediately rejected the call for negotiations.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The President of the National Hynniewtrep People's Federation (NHPF) today said that according to information received through RTI from the office of the Additional Chief Engineer of Meghalaya Power Distribution Corporation Limited (NHPF)
The villages where the union has distributed are Pdengshakap, Amjalong, Shen, Amsohtai, Mupyut, Amladkhur, Khonglah and Ammutong.
This time she has been arrested for the second time by the Khliehriat Police.
Sudesh Kumar, IPS, has praised the people of the state for not listening to the call of the HNLC to boycott the recent MLA elections in Meghalaya.
Regarding the removal of the CRPF camp from Mawlai, the Mawlai Youth Wing has met with the Chief Minister. She has many ideas to build in the area and will include traditional dance.
The funeral service will be held on 09.01.2018 at the Catholic Cemetery in Mawlaisnai, Ri Bhoi District at 2.00 pm, said Joseph Khlad Mujai.
He said that the people understand that if the ethnic parties alone win, what will they do to Delhi? They should send people who have been in the party and in the past years it is the party. The Congress is in power in Delhi.
Shillong Lajong scored against Indian Arrows in the first half and also in the second half.
“Many of these places are clean,” said Bah Kimfa.
“No victory rally shall be held by any candidate or political party after the announcement of the result within the boundary of East Khasi Hills District.
The meeting was conducted by Bah A. Kurkalang, Secretary Mawrashe Village. The meeting was attended by Bah Hopewell Kharkongor, President FKJGP Mawnianglah Unit. Morocco.
This has upset many people as those who were sitting together in the vehicle have had to be searched and quarantined not only for them but for all their relatives.
We can’t just be silent.
India's brave fishermen continued to turn to the seas, in broken ships, in the absence of insurance, assurances, loans, and support.
This shows that the District authorities and Labor Officers are not doing their job properly but are only taking advantage of it.
Speaking at a meeting held at the border area with Bangladesh, the Union Minister said that there is a need to open trade routes with Bangladesh to boost the income of the region. east of India.
The development of tourism, e-commerce and others will bring many benefits to the lives of the people living in this area.
Not only that, the district authorities have also tried to silence the journalists by summoning them and warning the district lawyers who intend to fight for those members who have been allowed to appear. catch.
The students who were selected to receive the bicycles are from Dumnikura, Namchapara, Sibbari, Bangankona and Nilwagiri. The Rangbah Shnongs congratulated the BSF for their willingness to provide support.
The union has urged the prime minister to release the money for those who have applied for the Chief Minister's Social Assistance, who have applied since 2023, as they have no other benefit. revenue.
Compatriots, Compatriots, Compatriots, When we fight for any cause, our youth should not forget Gandhi's teaching of Ahimsa.
The training was held at the Happy Red Rooster Gym on 23rd February 2024 where the medal winners of the 5th Meghalaya Games competed to showcase their skills in these weight categories. WAM will be selected for the men's Free Style Wrestling.
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Urban Affairs, said that the contract for the construction of the Laitumkhrah Market will be awarded in these days at a cost of T.34 crore. 80 crore and the 6 km Smart Road at Bivar Road at a cost of T35 crore.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organization (CoMSO) on Tuesday said that the HNLC is still hoping for peace talks. In a meeting with Union Home Minister Amit Shah in Delhi today on the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2019, Meghalaya unanimously expressed its opposition to the Citizenship Amendment Bill, this is the Bill.
On the other hand, about 10 hours away from Wahkhen, there is also a very beautiful Jri Bridge at Kynroh, on the Shyngngi River.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Dorbar Shnong Thynroid, East Khasi Hills District, as part of the celebration of the Independence Day of India, has held a special meeting at the ground of Thynroid Village.
The whole world is in trouble and Europe is now affected.
When the SP News Agency visited the area, it was learned that the preparation for the cleaning has started from Mewan village to the end of Kshaid village and the work of cleaning the mawsalieng has almost been completed.
Some of the services that the Nongthyllep Sub-Centre has to provide to the public include the care of poor mothers and children, vaccination of children, maternity hospital and examination for the presence of any communicable and non-communicable diseases in the patients who come for treatment.
He said that this garbage dump has been in operation for 80 years and he is grateful to the people of Mawlai who have supported it.
This was stated by the President in a statement sent today.
Gigur said it is not easy to know all the incidents in the constituency if the people inform him as MLA and MDC. Mawthyngkut Constituency has 328 villages.
Shillong, Iaiong 10: The BSF troops at Umkiang on receiving a tip that there was a bus carrying kwai suprai from Burma, stopped and when the bus arrived, they stopped the bus. They also seized 12 lakh worth of kwai supari.
Aiban Swer, Divisional Soil and Warer Conservation Officer, Survey Division, Shillong was present on the occasion and handed over these scientifically developed fish to 30 farmers. In the presence of the Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong, Bah Wanlambok Kharsati.
At the same time, other facilities for the treatment of patients for the men's and women's health centers have been sufficient and they have been able to operate by using the machines that do not exist until and poi that cor that bor new.
If we don't take this decision to protest, the time will come when this road will take even the lives of people and also cut off the traffic of the people through this highway. “If this happens, the people will fall into the apot sepngi,” said Bah Suja.
In her speech, Ms Suchiang said that the fight against many kinds of diseases should not be left to the health department alone.
It is for this reason that there has been a change in the management in many villages, there are women's organizations, there are working groups, there are organizations in the villages and the CEM explained. Regarding various schemes that women do not participate.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Minister of State, Bah Marius Jyrwa, Chairman of the Group of Four Rangbah Shnongs of Mawhati area, Bah Marius Jyrwa said that during the meeting, the Minister He said that this demand has to be sent in detail and after that they will talk to the government to take a decision.
Other speakers were PG Lapang from Ri Bhoi and D. Sunn from West Khasi Hills.
The Minister said that the decision was taken after there was a concern regarding the increase in the cost of treatment for COVID-19 in hospitals. to do and to be together.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, he said the bill is to amend the Housing Act introduced by the government in 2011, according to the the current bill would have only one statewide building code.
He expressed his concern over the issue that many churches have expressed to abolish the reservation policy and also on the roster system.
There are 70198 households and 290977 people with NFSA cards in the state, while there are 351305 households and 18 people with PHH cards. 54.0150 people.
Shillong, Nailar 05: U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, MLA Mairang Constituency who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of the State, on Tuesday visited Kevinstrong Lawriniang. Kevinstrong Lawriniang and Queen Annable Ann Basaiawmoit of St Thomas Higher Secondary School, Mairang have tested positive for COVID-1 The results of the SSLC will be announced by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) on 05th July,
He said the growth of the automotive industry in India can be witnessed by the increase in exports of passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles and three and two wheelers to various countries.
In an attempt to reunite the parakur parajait who belong to the same village, the Seng Kur Warjri has decided to welcome the parakur parajait who have changed through the ages by shortening the names of their villages. They were the sons of Nongbri, Tynghah, Manai, Wahksing and Nongbri.
When asked whether the police have identified those involved, the SP said, “We have identified some of them and the case has been registered and the police will conduct an investigation.
The claim that Reding formed a new rebel group after taking T.70 lakh is false.
The country has many jobs for the youth but they should take the initiative in new jobs.
Pala said the Congress has done better than any other party when it comes to empowering women.
He has been released from the post of Additional Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and from the Chief Minister's Secretariat.
In fact, we called to talk to you but they didn't listen.
She promises to work harder and serve the people faithfully.
When will we get clarity on these Acts and Rules and whether they are up to date?
To avoid the colorfulness of the celebration, the office has tried its best to keep the incident secret on the last day of the celebration in Williamnagar.
On the other hand, Bah Khraw strongly criticized the promises of the incumbent MLA who has neglected and has no responsibility to raise issues in the area especially the road.
The 10,000 km road will pass through 15 States and 2 Union Territories.
Police also seized a mobile phone and T.6310/- tyngka. After completing all the necessary investigations, police arrested the drug dealer.
Pyniaid Singh Syiem said that today's meeting with the banks is a message to all the banks that the KHADC has the authority to verify the ownership of the land and if the banks still refuse to lend, According to the Trading by Non-Tribal Act, the KHADC will have to close down these banks.
You don't have anything wrong.
Shillong, July 09: The Jaintia Coal Miners and Dealers Association (JCMDA) has sent a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs demanding that the government should send more police to Jaintia Hills to protect the coal miners and dealers. the people from being kidnapped by the wicked.
He spoke about the uniqueness of the North Eastern Legislative Assemblies and said that there are valuable discussions in these Legislative Assemblies without any interference.
In his speech, Dr Sangma congratulated the school for its efforts and especially for the founder Miss Gwen Catherine Evans. far from the needs of the people at that time.
In the meeting with the Secretary, the KSU said that when they apply to write the examination, they apply and want to get it in Meghalaya but when the examination centers were released, it went abroad. He urged that those who cannot go abroad should be allowed to write the CUET examination in the state.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawryngkneng Circle has met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and submitted a petition containing four demands. Development Block shaka Civil Sub division.
The meeting also discussed many activities in the preparation for the National Games in 2022 and schemes related to agriculture and tourism.
On the other hand, the KSU West Khasi Hills District has strongly condemned the authorities for illegally entering and leaving the village. you are suffering from Covid
There are about 1 lakh Primary Agricultural Credit Cooperative Societies across the country.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The Executive Committee of the Khasi National Dorbar Hall (KRS) has accepted the resignation of the President of the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Bah HS Shylla for personal reasons. his.
Latiplang said the KHADC will now seek clarification from the government and after clarifying with the government, the KHADC will take a decision regarding the Gram Sabha.
The Prime Minister said that alcohol leads to the wrong path for the youth and this has caused many kinds of problems in the society. to teach the youth that they can face the challenges that come in their lives.
Regarding the allegation that the construction of the NPP office without permission is wrong, the party office after receiving permission from MUDA, asked the questions. MUDA has not yet sent any information.
The party has announced only 10 MDC constituencies in the KHADC. The 40 candidates are Embhahlang Syiemlieh from Mawlai, Ricky Shullai from Labam-Mawprem, S.S. Basingroy Kharshady is from Shillong.
However, Parekh's journey was not easy. He also worked as a peon of a company and had no place to live and had to stay in the wooden house of a friend.
The deceased were identified as Loba Mahanta, 25, his wife Babbi Mahanta, 19, and another 12-year-old girl, Santi Lama. Buna Lama, 13, died at the Shillong Civil Hospital.
“This is the smallest amount and there are many others,” said Bah M.Kharkrang.
To reach this district from Shillong you have to pass through Jowai, Shangpung, Raliang, Yooksi and Saphai.
He said the Government stands firm for the welfare of the police and their families.
The Awaken India Movement (AIM) Meghalaya State Unit will also have to stand up and demand from the Government to introduce strong protections on food and beverages for the health of the people. who is still alive on this earth and should be known as “FOOD SECURITY”.
“I will do whatever I want and if I am not an MLA, why am I an MLA? to introduce a Civil Sub-Division,” said Bah Danggo, who criticized the allegation by others that he resigned as MLA for personal gain.
The Rangbah Shnong of Police Bazar, SL Singhania, said that during the inspection by the Minister of PWD, the Minister of Home Affairs and the Minister of Urban Affairs together with PBWA, the Minister said that The work should be completed this month.
On this occasion, the offices of the Legislative Assembly were also present at the meeting chaired by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. They decided to start the Legislative Assembly on 10th November
He recalled that since 1990, the Ri War Mihngi Development Council has been talking to the government through the Soil and Water Conservation Department to build wells on the land of the people so that the soil will not flow into the land. Bangladesh.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Leader Birbor Riangten said that the government's action is regrettable. they have no weapons to fight the government.
He spoke about the Government’s determination to ensure national security amid challenges in international relations and said the reforms dealt with security matters to modernize security forces and ensure having young people ready to face the challenges that may come.
The Director said that one person has died of COVID-19 in West Garo Hills District today and with the death of this person, the death toll in the state has risen to The number of deaths has risen to
He said that as the Speaker of the House, he has conducted the House according to the rules of law. The Governor of Meghalaya has introduced the new CEM of KHADC. On the other hand, the Lamphang expressed his surprise that during the meeting with the Union Home Minister, the Government has The name of the CEM of KHADC has been changed, but the name of the Secretary has been changed.
Jowai, Jymmang 10: A few months before the MDC election in 2009, it has been revealed that up to 75 lakh tyngka of public funds has been misused.
The swearing-in ceremony was held at the Mawprem Dorbar Hall by the President of KSU CEC, Samla Lambok S.Marngar.
Police of Sardar police station have arrested and conducted investigation to find out more about these people involved in such trafficking.
This is the answer given by the Minister of State for Housing in the Rajya Sabha today, Dr. (Ms.) Girija Vyas.
: The Voice of People's Party (VPP) on Tuesday filed a complaint against the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the State, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, on allegations that he The VPP has been responsible for causing trouble at the meetings of the National People's Party (NPP).
“Immunization is to protect against diseases including the unborn child,” she said.
Replying to a supplementary question, the Minister of Power said that in Garo Hills there are many problems related to the distribution of electricity. this is why the government is struggling to solve this problem.
At this meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs, the Minister of Home Affairs sought the support of the Rangbah Shnongs to bring peace and order in Shillong and especially the examination of the students has started.
Shillong, March 23: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo today convened a meeting with religious leaders. You don't have to be happy during this Durga Puja.
The Secretary, AH & Veterinary on 30th June, 2023 informed that according to the report of the test conducted on 28th June, 2023 on the confirmation of Lumpy Skin Disease) in Meghalaya by the National Institute of High Security Animal Disease (NIHSAD) Bhopal through letter No.F.15-29/2019 NIHSAD/2, dated 12th May, 2023 and as part of the prevention of the spread of The Government of Meghalaya has declared Sumer, Mawlyngkhung, Umpyrdong-Umden, Saiden-Nongpoh and Jyntru-Nongpoh villages under Umsning C&RD Block in Ri-Bhoi District and Rangthong village under Umsning C&RD Block. Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, South West Khasi Hills District as the villages affected by LSD in cattle.
The fire was also seen rising slowly until 10 pm while the Police, Fire Brigade and Army personnel struggled to extinguish the blaze which lasted for several hours. .
He said that there have been many reports on research on how to develop the NE. The Union Minister urged the states of the region to find ways and means how to develop the NE. they will be more comfortable in coming to invest in this region.
He said that the transmission of stories from all over the North East is very difficult due to the lack of written records of many incidents.
Complainants or groups can monitor the complaint status through the power of the internet.
“While we are preparing for the upcoming election, may God encourage, affect the souls, hearts, understanding and minds of the people what it should do, many times we blame only the leaders, “But before we blame the leaders, we should think about the responsibility of each citizen, especially in a case like this where we have to elect our leaders,” said the President of KJCLF. The president of JKCLF said that it depends on the knowledge, courage, knowledge of people and knowledge of God, the people of the state. special prayer and thanksgiving to God and confident that God hears and answers their prayers.
Referring to the railway line, he said that he has been able to raise funds of up to T.4000 crore, but many are against it. yes, he has fulfilled his duty in relation to the railway.
According to the Rangbah Shnong, there are 1500 voters in Mawlai Syllaikariah and it could be more as some of them have just registered their names on the Electoral Roll.
Shillong, Iaiong 29: The Election Commission of the State Government of Meghalaya has informed the public that those voters who have been selected to receive the prizes in the MP election will go to collect the prizes. The awards will be presented at the office of the DC East Khasi Hills on the 6th of next month.
Regarding the market in Smit, he said that as the days go by, the problem of the market has increased and the biggest problem is how to clean up the synrum. CMSDS will be only the beginning, once the market is ready they will soon get approval.
However, as an MP, he has other greater responsibilities such as protecting the rights of the indigenous people, protecting the ecosystem, water and protecting the rights of the people of Meghalaya. “It's a good idea to have a development project,” said Prof. Kma.
The village has its own MDCs to decide.
Informing about the meeting with the Union Home Minister, the Chief Minister said that they discussed many issues related to the MRSSA. He said that a meeting should be held between the state government and the officers of the central government's home department to discuss the MRSSA. The Union Home Minister said that he will visit Shillong in October to meet with the civil society groups.
Dr Shankar in his complaint said that the website is also in the name of Techno Global University.
He said that the existence of the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act is of no benefit as the land was purchased in the name of a Khasi husband.
She said that the vaccination drive at Supercare Hospital will start from tomorrow and will accept up to 100 people per day.
: It means that you don't have to worry about the color of your hair without any snap to think about it.
The soybeans marketed in Punjab include quinnow, Bael and Phalsa and this change in the way soybeans are made will continue to increase in the coming days.
These people are still afraid of the Assam police.
The union has written to the JHADC from time to time to issue trading license to foreigners in East Jaintia as it is the duty of the council to do so but the council has not done anything due to the lack of action of the council. FKJGP doesn't want to leave.
The program was concluded with a welcome speech by the Headmistress of Upper Primary School Lad Rymbai Dongwah.
After doing this, Lusen fled by cleaning up the street away from his weapon.
Therefore, for urgent needs, the public can telephone the new Emergency Numbers, 1).
When resolving the border between the two states, the party would like to say that if it reaches the border, it should be accepted and accepted. where do the people want to go and not just settle between the two governments.
U Bah Syiem said that if the government upgrades this subcenter to a PHC, the people living in Raid Mathan will benefit from this PHC. to explain the needs in the provision of equipment at the Nongpoh Civil Hospital where the Nongpoh Civil Hospital is the provider of services to all the patients of Ribhoi District.
The KHADC is concerned about this issue and it is on this basis that a meeting has been convened and it is pleasing that they have come to take part in this meeting and after discussion to bring about an understanding, the appointment of u ksiang to talk to these two Himas to reach an agreement whether to return to the Hima Sohiong.
Explaining the incident, the SP said that there were women in Them Motor who were fetching water and there was a heated argument with the driver of the STPS bus at that place.
