In this regard, the Assam government has not allowed the installation of posts by the Meghalaya government and in 2017 the Meghalaya government has installed posts at Sabuda village. The Assam government has come to remove the posts and has not allowed the Meghalaya government to install those electric posts.
He said that there is a Constitution and the Sixth Schedule to protect the nation, this is not to protect the people from abroad but to protect the people themselves.
The land at Balalagre will be used to house the College of Architecture and Urban Planning.
This was discovered after the Executive Member in charge of Trade Department of KHADC Bah Gigur Myrthong together with the Police Enforcement of KHADC and the office bearers of Laitkor Village conducted a Trading License inspection of foreign shops. to a great extent in this town.
On this occasion, it was seen that the police of the state were present at the scene and their presence was to ensure that there will be no riots during the protest by the members of the HYC. Police have tried to tell them not to do so.
Those who raise pigs are advised not to throw away the food that falls on the ground in the house during the year from the vegetables in the gardens, those who have shops. The food that is most fresh from the shopkeepers and those who make kyiad pyrsi is not to break the jawa.
“Please, let her come home and if she has any reason, please tell us, our brothers and sisters and especially her mother.
This Piankhan which was built under the MLA scheme of Bah Adelbert Nongrum is really up to date and it will be an example for the Shillong Municipal and the Urban Development Department. such as those that were in public places.
Prestone Tynsong said the government has directed the health department to reopen all the hospitals in the districts to treat all kinds of diseases.
He added that the North East is rich in water and has fertile soil.
The Government has introduced the Meghalaya Mines & Minerals Development Policy, 2012, and the Government has held meetings from time to time and after this consultation, it will be implemented in 2014.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today said that the machine needs to be installed but the problem is that there is no person to operate the machine. It is for this reason that the machine inside the hospital has not been able to operate.
The drugs seized by the police are in the form of YABA/WY/Amphetamine. These bullets have been seized at 91,000 rounds.
The place is named after the refugees who came in 1972 during the Bangladesh war.
In another incident, police have received a complaint that a man known as Md Hakim has raped a 16-year-old schoolgirl while she was studying at a school in Nartiang. and this has happened since
Union Minister of State for Defense and Cooperation, Amit Shah is in Manipur from 29th June 2023 to 1st July 2023 and announced the establishment of the Committee for the After visiting Manipur, he visited Manipur.
Shillong, June 16: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today declared a curfew in the entire city and surrounding areas from 6.00 pm on the 17th of this month. 20th at 6.00 pm this month of June.
Shillong, June 07: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) has replaced the Chief Executive Member of the JHADC, Alphonse A Sangma.
Speaking to SP News Agency, NESO Chairman Samuel said that today the group met with the leaders of the Biju Janata Dal (BJD) and the Janata Dal. United (JDU) and Shiv Sena leader Sunjay Rawat will also meet tonight.
Para 12 A(a) of the Sixth Schedule will prevail and because CPC & CrPC are the central laws, the notification and the Rules made by the District Councils will prevail. Village, Raid Court and Hima Court will be lost.
Medals and certificates were awarded to the winners in various categories.
In this regard, the planning board has invited to get clarification from various departments on the problems they are facing and how to find ways and means to address these problems. ask.
Police have recovered T.28,7901 cash and SIM cards from these three GNLA members from different parts of the state. Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 30: The SBUK has elected Bah Markynsaidor Dhartmar as its General Secretary to replace Bah HAM Nongrum.
“On behalf of the four organizations and SRS-EJH, we urge all the people of East Jaintia Hills, political parties, village leaders, owners and drivers of small and heavy vehicles, private and commercial vehicles and others to please join hands with us on this day of curfew so that this curfew for the benefit of the people will be successful and equal.
The KSU urges all Khasi politicians to oppose the reversal of the roster system and demand that the roster system should be implemented.
The Lok Sabha passed the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2018 on the 8th of this month and has submitted it to the Rayja Sabha.
On the other hand, Minister James congratulated the Minister in charge of the department, Bah AL Hek, former Director Himalaya Shangpliang, former Director and now MLA and all the officers who have been involved in the department. had a hand in bringing about the completion of this office as it is now.
The union lodged an FIR at the Muktapur police outpost on the same day and the police immediately arrested them.
While the report from the committee has not yet been received, it is not clear where the coal was obtained from the four coke factories set up by the Meghalaya government. M/s MD Coke Industries, Shallang and M/s Carbochen India have been closed since 19th June. 2023 until now.
“We have already held a meeting on this but we have not decided yet whom we will support but next month we will hold a meeting and we will take a decision,” said Bah Passah. .
Because this decision of the government does not want to trust the government led by Conrad K Sangma when it is a matter of life and death, he has already sent it to the District Council.
The Sohlap Shella Ecotourism Cooperative Society Ltd (SSECSL) as part of the celebration of the National Energy Conservation Day, has organized special programs to encourage and encourage the people of Shella area to protect and care for the environment. On this day, the Society has organized a Strength Challenge, Trekking cum Camping and E-Cycle Show Case. as examples to encourage the public to use.
In this regard, those who have reached the age of 60 years will have to go to the MTC office to verify that they have reached the age of 60 years and the office will issue passes to verify that they have reached the age of 60 years. The BSF troops, who have reached the age of 60, cannot ride in the MTC buses. This inability to clear the border with Bangladesh has put the BSF troops in a difficult situation. “If this is the case, the smuggling of cattle from Meghalaya will increase if it comes to the rainy season,” said the BSF chief. BSF seized 41 cows from Gopinathkilla in South West Garo Hills, but as the operation took place in the middle of the night, the smugglers managed to escape from the hands of the BSF by taking the opportunity to hide in the forests.
These Kurs have a great right because it is through their ancestors that we have been able to live in these places because of their sacrifice through the struggles during the war. orderly.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The Border Security Force (BSF) on receiving a tip raised a raid at Purakhasia in West Garo Hills and arrested Tariq Hosan Sarkar Muttakin. 17 years old woman who received T.24000/- in counterfeit money from this person.
In the explanation of various schemes of the Central Government for the Divyangs.
The total number of recoveries is 899, including 25 recoveries today. The number of samples tested is 81012, negative 78431 and 452 results are pending. .
In the Junior Girls category, Baiahunlang Warjri, Natheelen Nohwir and Lidia Lirica Manih won the title while in the Junior Boys category, Wanbokstar Kharshandi, Nashon Paswet and John Marwein won the title.
Before the start of the programme, the General Secretary of KSU Barak Valley Circle said that every year the KSU Barak Valley Circle holds this Freshers Meet Program and awards to the students. Every year they receive about 70-80 Khasi students who pass class 10 and in that program they also receive advice.
We should not misunderstand that the Sixth Schedule speaks of the powers of district councils and Article 371 speaks of the special powers of the state.
Shillong, Lber JSU War Jaintia Circle and Syndai Unit together with the village authorities have joined forces to raid the village of Lakroh.
“We have lodged complaints with the Minister of Transport, Bah HDR Lyngdoh regarding the problems of the people but he has not done anything till date.
The purpose of this place is that when the price of produce drops, the farmers can put it in this place and it will be theirs one day.
Meghalaya has also been recognized as an emerging business ecosystem in the EoDB rankings of the DPIIT.
The Chief Minister said that the various languages ​​of the minorities in the North East should be protected. Ram Nath Kovind who was the chief guest at the Bodo celebration.
In the country, Meghalaya has the highest number of cases of esophageal cancer. 80% of cases of esophageal cancer are caused by smoking.
We believe that this Act will not prevent the illegal entry of foreigners and we want the MRSS Amendment Bill 2020 as we have expressed it to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. to ensure that the Amendment Bill 2020 comes into force.
Many events such as 100 meter race, 200 meter race, 400 meter race, 400 meter race, shotput, discuss throw, long jump, high jump, shotput and others were held on this day. For the men and women between 14 and 16 years old, the tournament will be held on this day.
The Cabinet also approved the amendment to the Meghalaya Fisheries Service Rule 2017, which will cover Msc in fisheries and BFsc four year courses. it is about the fishing industry.
On the closing day of the Swachhta Pakhwada, the Medical Superintendent of NEIGRIHMS in congratulating all the participants, expressed his satisfaction with the success of disseminating the necessary message on hygiene to the community through conference, talks, skit competition, poster drawing competition and so on.
The office bearers of the Youth Wing include Wanshanbok Wanniang, Vice President Innocent Jyrwa, Jupiter Nongtnger and Naman Sangma, General Secretary Bitnam Nongsiej, Assistant Secretary Joyfulbirth Langrin and Saianrose Thong. , Treasurer Kennestar Mawlein, Advisor Tapaz Roy and 20 Executive Members.
Tura, Nailar 17: At 6.45 pm today, while police were patrolling in Bomora Adinggre area, about 9 km from Williamnagar, GNLA militants opened fire on police. turn around.
He said that Administrative Housing Units have been built across the state for the health workers and others.
The union through the General Secretary of Ladrymbai Unit Chanky Shylla and the President of Khliehriat Town Unit Kyrshan Dkhar have suggested to the Traffic Cell to curb the excessive traffic jam in the district and market. Ladrymbai PWD has issued an Advisory or Order to remove empty trucks from the Ladrymbai Bypass Road to avoid the morning traffic jam in Ladrymbai and Khliehriat. School children and especially Fire Brigade and ambulance vehicles. The union suggested to do this first as an experiment and see how it works.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The State Blood Transfusion Council (SBTC) in collaboration with Terumo Blood and Cell Technologies has launched an awareness campaign on transplantation. or light that people can be in contact with and willingly donate blood to others to save them from harm.
Speaking at the meeting, the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan urged the youth to watch the Viksit Bharat campaign launched by the government and upload their feelings and suggestions on it. November 25, 2023.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister promised that he will take action to address the problems they are facing.
He praised the group for providing training to the people of the state in many fields.
The Jammu and Kashmir administration, especially the Lieutenant Governor of the Union Territory of Jammu and Kashmir, Manoj Sinha, deserves praise for his efforts in these areas.
We also congratulate Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh EM Mining who both have shown the courage to speak the truth about this road which has shown clearly in its objective that it is a pre-uranium mining activity.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh today inaugurated the Health Checkup and Awareness Program at ARHI Hospital. The ceremony was held at St Jerome's Higher Secondary School.
He said that if we want to reach the heights of victory, we have to be determined for the goal in order to achieve victory.
This decision was taken at a workshop between the candidate and the leaders of Jaintia Hills, which was held at the State Convention Centre, which was also witnessed by all the MLAs and MDCs of Jaintia Hills.
Through this, more than 30 States/UTs have attended the workshops.
The visit also highlighted the government's commitment to develop the area and empower the residents in terms of economic development.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, RV Suchiang today said that Meghalaya has 12 districts with the opening of the Eastern West Khasi Hills District. in India.
Shillong, Naitung 07: Answering a question by Bah PN Syiem regarding the implementation of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council Act, Martle N Mukhim said that the rules are being prepared now. soon they will get implemented.
Speaking to media, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the government from the Chief Minister or all the Ministers will not interfere in the tender process but everyone wants anything. The new company must ensure that the service to the public is of the highest quality.
The President of the Hills Farmers Union of Mawsynram Block, Bah Odas Pdahkasiej, said that the lack of a sub-way in the river has put the farmers in trouble and also the people of Mawsynram Block. the whole area.
The HNYF demands that the mother should apologize for the insulting remarks. The president of the women's branch of the HNYF was born in Jakrem in Mawkyrwat and is now the president of the women's branch of the HNYF. HNYF in the state.
For Post Graduate students, all students from Garo Hills who do not wish to come to Shillong to take the examination can take the examination online. in Garo Hills District.
Upon receiving his release, the BGB troops have informed the Indian Army and the SP of South West Khasi Hills District to verify whether he is the suspect. abducted from parts of Nongjri area.
"Episode 91 of Mann Ki Baat was aired in the days before Independence Day.
Speaking to reporters, the Assistant Secretary of the KSU Education Cell, Samla Richest Malangiang, said that the KSU has informed the Minister of Education that they have received complaints from many people. There are also students who have not received this scholarship until these days.
Shortly after, police learned that Bah Frick Kharkongor also died at the Civil Hospital Shillong due to serious injuries.
Shillong, Iaiong 09: The 40 hour curfew called by the Lehnoh National League for Democracy (HNLC) today started at 5 pm and ended at 5 pm. The curfew has been called for in all parts of Ri Lum Khasi Jaintia.
The opening of the new Agro Food Park will produce about 100 MT of unprocessed produce, including sying, and other agricultural products.
These brands have been sold in the U.S.for years now, and pending FDA decision regarding the scientific criteria applied to them.
James Lyngdoh has been appointed as the Working President of the MPCC and his departure from the party has shocked people within the party.
In another incident, BSF troops arrested two Bangladeshi smugglers including Sah Jamal aged leader and many others.
Speaking to Batesi TV, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem said that these are the 44 foreign traders who went to tied the door of the Meghalaya High Court after they did not receive the NoC from the Meghalaya High Court. the Hima Sohra for the renewal of their Licenses.
The Commission has informed that it has taken action on the incident.
The SP of North Garo Hills today said that the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) has been trying to revive the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) in Garo Hills. Police have arrested three persons.
In India, we are witnessing the rise of Hindu religious groups.
Thangboi Singto said the Reds must win to get five points as East Bengal have only two points.
This was announced by the President of the LJP Meghalaya State Unit, Jamil today at the Shillong Press Club.
Na, 46-Phulbari  S G Esmatur  Mominin, 47-Rajabala Dr.Mohammed M Rahamankazi, 48-Selsella and Agassi R Marak, 49-Dadengre Rupa R Marak, 50-North Tura and Rupert M Sangma, 51-South M Tura , 52-Zenith M Sangma.
Therefore, those who demand Khasi Jaintia States should not ignore this issue, should understand the seriousness of the task and should understand clearly that we have already received the Khasi Jaintia States, according to the Instrument of Accession and We, the children of the thousands of Khasi States, have the right and the basis to have a separate right in the Constitution of India, and it is the On this basis, we have special laws and customs in each Shnong, Raid, and Hima which we do not allow foreigners to become residents.
This distribution of goods to the buyers has affected a lot of money of the people.
In this regard, AJYWO urges the law enforcement authorities to investigate thoroughly those involved in this crime and punish them according to the law.
Speaking on the identity of the North East, the Prime Minister spoke about the Madhavpur Mela.
The relatives of the deceased have requested anyone who has information about the deceased, who was wearing jeans, a blue sweater, 5 feet 2 inches tall and Please inform the following No-Phones 9856155908, 9856390606 or the Police Station at Phramer-
“I have informed the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs that we need to strengthen the security forces at the Entry Points. 70% of the drugs entering Meghalaya come through East Jaintia Hills District. and to strengthen the security in this district,” said Bah Paul in an interview with the media on Tuesday.
Also present on the occasion were the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern Khasi Hills District, Bah G.Kharmawphlang, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, District School Education Officer, Bah G.Kharmawphlang, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh. Mr. L. King.
He also spoke about those who took part in the struggle for the independence of the country and said that although the paths they took were very different but all of them had one goal which was to achieve independence. you are free.
Treibor said that since the time of the former leaders of the JSU, they have been following up on this demand from the government and the JSU together with the residents of Block 1 who have been left without children for dozens of years. For many years, Assam has been hoping that the border demarcation between the two states, especially the return of Block 1 and 2 to Meghalaya, will be completed once and for all.
The ECI has decided to postpone the general elections to the two legislative assemblies of Arunachal Pradesh and Sikkim as announced in a statement issued earlier.
Balajied Kupar Synrem UDP received 12,002 votes, Grace Mary Kharpuri Independent received 5,871 votes, Mosjo Rock F Wanswet PDF received 4,327 votes, Batengshai Laitmon Rynga INC received 1,715 votes. Warjri BJP received 742 votes and Komen Laitmon Independent received 444 votes.
At this meeting, India presented the country's measures for the protection of forests and also the sustainable forest management practices that have led to the expansion of forest areas in these areas. the last hundred years.
Ampati, November 04: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday praised the NGO BAKDIL for its cooperation with the government in many areas. especially not to provide health care.
It is also prohibited to employ these children under the age of 14 in dewbilat mines, vehicle repair and maintenance, welding, timber factories, quarrying and quarrying, to make tyres, to go to the market, to work in restaurants, hotels, dhabas and others.
Mahatma Gandhi's grandson Arun Gandhi passed away on 2 June 2023 in Kolhapur, Maharashtra.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Chief Electoral Officer (CEC) today announced that 176 candidates have registered for the MLA elections, while 345 candidates have registered so far.
At the same time, we demand from the DC and especially the Supply Department of the District to ensure that there will be no shortage of kilograms from Kudam FCI and from wholesalers or dealers from now on.
Before that, in 1964, he became the Assistant Headmaster of Langtor Government Aided High School.
Mairang, March 22: As part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya, the Block Development Officer, Mairang C&RD Block in collaboration with the MSRLS today held a The Self Help Group (SHG) Mela and Health Camp was held at Mot Tirot Square, Mairang Mission, Mairang.
In his speech, the Minister urged the people of the state to oppose terrorism in any form.
His refusal was to express his views on strengthening the party within the state.
The JMCM&OA said in its petition that the time has come and has started now for all those who have been affected by the NGT order, to fill their needs. of the household, shall not commit all kinds of evil deeds such as theft, robbery, robbery and murder just to fill their income.
Dehydration, nausea, fatigue and difficulty breathing, cracks and ulcers in the skin.
Due to the lockdown in the village, Kong Grace has sent these food items only halfway and the people of the village have come to collect these food items to help 29 households. in the village of Shiliang Jashar.
“Ka seng has also questioned the Government on the delay in including the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India. Bah Vincent H. Pala for his support for the construction of the railway line in Khliehriat.
Therefore, the union has decided to stand firm on the ground to help support the demand of the JHTOA to completely abolish the cement factories and the union sends a clear message that the cement factories should respect the indigenous people. The country shall not be able to control their income.
During the inspection led by the Organizing Committee of the Seng Kmie in the presence of more than 150 members of the Seng, the Seng witnessed and found that more than 400 foreigners working in these factories were not present. proper documents such as Epic to verify their exact residence and especially Labor License and Trading License from the District Council.
The allocation for the House is T.127.76/- crore at present but it is expected that it will be completed within T.141/- crore.
“Regarding the strengthening of the health sector, Sangma said, in terms of percentage, health has been given priority which is 8 percent of the Government's budget.
If there are only 10 toll gates, we have to collect from the fare, from the traders and whoever suffers, the people will suffer,” he added.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya said that in his meeting with the Chief Minister of Assam, he has made it clear that there should be no more incidents or anything like this. there is a clear consensus can address such situations.
Prestone said the decision to reopen the places of worship has been approved by the Central Government and the State Government has already taken a decision on 5th July 2020 to reopen the places of worship. blei to open until 14th July 2020 but at this meeting today the decision was cancelled.
“When the Security Inspector of NEHU is like this, we don't feel comfortable as women students at this university.
States which choose the first option can now, Use the borrowing facility arranged by the Ministry of Finance of the Central Government to borrow less tax revenue.
According to the villagers of the area, many of the rice fields have been flooded and this is a loss to the farmers as the rice has been left behind and it is time to harvest.
Police have found that some people have posted a picture of a woman lying on the surface of the water on the banks of the river and a picture of a newborn baby in the pain khana.
Business to Business (B2B) exhibitions are not allowed to be opened, and the SOP for this will be issued by the Department of Commerce.
The SDRF also helped to clean up the collapse of the well at Laitumkhrah Nongrimaw.
Shillong, July 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the Cabinet meeting today was to increase the payment of Contingency Found.
I don't know what to do in the more remote areas of the market.
Because of the high number of deaths from COVID-19 today, they wanted to know that many of them are not working and this is what they have informed and they urged that the ICUs and ventilators should be working. you're gone.
It forecasts the Indian economy to grow by 6.3% this year.
The Minister said that one person has died of Dengue fever in Garo Hills in the past few days after being treated at Tura Civil Hospital.
The Government has set a target to improve the quality of health care, education and to invest more in the construction of roads, bridges, power generation, water supply and other activities to the public.
He said that the Indian Army is currently moving forward in the modernization of its operations especially in the field of weapons.
There is a feeling among the people that this disease can spread only by sight, but as the public we should know the fact that if we keep a distance, we have to be clean to say that the incidence of this disease will decrease. He also urged the media not to be afraid when writing news.
On this day, although it was Sunday, a cleanliness drive was held around the city. In Shillong, a cleanliness drive was held at the Iewduh. take part together.
Furthermore, about 9,000 people in the state have received training under the skill training programme.
Shillong, Iaiong 26: Meghalaya Police on the 25th of this month raided Dewsaw village after receiving a tip that there is a shooting factory in Dewsaw village. They were able to destroy a gun factory.
The Chief Minister said that the District Councils have the greatest role in preserving the customs and traditions and it is necessary to strengthen and empower the District Councils.
The prime minister said.
Royal CC, which failed to bat first, played well and scored 144 runs for the loss of nine wickets in 20 overs.
According to the letter received from the government on 31/Lber/ 2023, which has ordered to take no decision, but it is understood that according to the letters of resignation, they have stopped working from these jobs. PHC, the reason given is that they have not been able to submit their certificate of registration to the Nursing Council.
The cost of these two parking roads has been constructed at a cost of T.43/- lakh through the SUWP scheme for the fiscal year 2020-2
Prof. (Dr.) PK Goswami, Director, NEIAH delivered a welcome speech, followed by the awarding ceremony of 16 Ayurvedic Doctors from across the North East for their contribution to the development of NEIAH. Ayurveda in the Eastern part of India.
Shillong, Lber 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, in a meeting with the State Coordination Committee of the Coal Owners and Mine Dealers Forum, today said that the government will study thoroughly. The NGT has banned coal mining in the state and will continue to work on how to do this.
He said that the mindset of parents is to send their children to school to get education and to get government jobs, this is the main reason for the unemployment of youth. .
Shillong, Nailur 11: Today, 151 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Jaintia Hills, 27 cases from Star Cement, 98 cases from East Khasi Hills, 41 cases from Army and 57 cases from East Jaintia Hills. There were 29 cases at Bimal Jalan Compound on Ketting Road alone.
The Railway Protection Force (RPF) and the Government Railway Police have worked together to ensure that criminals should not be able to harass the passengers. guest.
The United Forum of Banks Union (UFBU) has called for a strike against the three banks, Bank of Baroda, Dena Bank and Vijaya Bank. This is also supported by the All India Bank Employees Association (AIBEA).
Speaking to reporters after a three-day meeting of the Inspectors General BSF-Region Commanders BGB Level Border Coordination Conference between the two countries, the Chiefs of Army Staff from both sides said that They agreed that the insurgent camps in Bangladesh are no longer there, but the insurgents in Bangladesh are recovering by marrying the Bangladeshi villagers under another name.
The number of cows in Bangladesh is high due to the celebration of Eid-ul-Fitr.
This is also the BJP's violation of the Constitution of India under the leadership of Narendra Modi which empowers all religions to celebrate their holidays according to their beliefs. .
Therefore, we demand that the Institute should take immediate action to allocate a seat for the minority students of Meghalaya from the academic session 2024 and to base it on the Merit List of the All India NEET examination. ," he said.
“On the border issue, the Rajya Sabha MP said that the MDA Government has tried its best to resolve the border issue.
“We know that the District Councils are not empowered by the Sixth Schedule. All these results are only a threat if we don't surprise them. I'm still being bullied.
We have worked together to promote peace, ethnic harmony and prosperity for all.
In the complaint, Semford also submitted a receipt for the payment of T.50 lakh by the Congress party to Pawan Han for the use of the helicopter for two days on 25th and 26th October.
On the other hand, the PWD in charge of the housing department has banned from time to time to inquire but the school authorities have not listened.
“We urge the Government Ministers from Jaintia Hills to raise this issue during the Cabinet meeting, and to also talk about the lack of development works in East Jaintia Hills District since the deterioration of the road, the non-functioning of the road. “The demand for a Government College and others have not been met instead of discussing the railway issue,” said JNC President Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh. he announced.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Chief Minister said that the Meghalaya Aroma Mission 2019 will help the farmers to increase their income due to the oil produced from this plant. The buyers came to buy from the place where they produced it.
The cost for 1 M/W will be about Rs 80 crore.
Dr Mukul said the number of cases of COVID-19 is higher than the government announces every day and as it is, the disease has spread to the rural areas and now it is impossible to know where there are cases. .
Shillong, Lber 20: U Samuel Hashah today filed his nomination papers for the Lok Sabha MP elections as an independent candidate from the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency in the presence of Returning Officer Abhishek Bhahotia in Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 03: The dismissed temporary teachers have continued their indefinite strike at the MBOSE office and no discussion has been held with the government on their demand. .
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, RM Kurbah and other government officials were also present on the occasion. state.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: U Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister in charge of District Councils, today said that the DCA is ready to ensure that the election to the GHADC will run smoothly. meeting with the returning officers in charge of the election to ensure a smooth running.
The Union Secretary in charge of Health & Family Welfare has stressed on the measures to prevent and treat the cases of COVID-1 spread of this disease.
To avoid misunderstanding, it has been announced that there is no shortage of milk through the government departments across Shillong.
Various competitions were also held among the students of Amlarem area and prizes were awarded to the winners of these competitions by the office.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The Commissioner and Secretary of the Meghalaya Cultural Heritage Department, Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the Tri Hill Ensemble II will be held this year as well for the preservation of traditional culture and traditions. the ancestors of the people of Meghalaya.
Police said that the militants shot and beat him until he was seriously injured.
Of those arrested, 20 are from Assam and Meghalaya. They have remained behind but during the raid, the lost vehicles have been recovered. They came to hand over the bikes which were bought without permits.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Chief Engineer in charge of National Highways, Marak said that he has sent PWD officials to investigate the matter. I have received a report and I have done what I need to do.
These three lyngdohs cover 32 villages under the Nongstoin Hima. The office bearers for the year 2017-2020 have been elected. Bah Korne K.Bani has been elected as president. , JR Shangrit as Vice President, Spastershin Nongrem as General Secretary, Assistant Secretary George K. Bani and Lowis Lyngdoh as Treasurer.
He said that he has worked tirelessly on behalf of the party as a member appointed to discuss the issue of Reservation Policy.
From one coronavirus testing center in July, we now have 20 coronavirus testing centres.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has clarified in the FAQ posted on its website () that drugs have no effect on infertility in both men and women, as all drugs and their components were tested first in animals and then in humans to determine whether they had such effects.
To recap, Sikkim had posted 284 all out in their first innings and then bundled out Meghalaya for 191.
During the meeting, the VECs expressed their gratitude to the Government for introducing many schemes and learned that the Government of Meghalaya has now approved 10% percent for the John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, agreed to submit the project management charge to the State Government to increase the percentage of the PMC. At this meeting, it was decided to request the State Government to increase the current wage rate of Rs 175 unskilled and Rs 212 skilled, to amend the Schedule of Rates, according to the time and price increase. all tools.
Police seized 98 Nitcon rounds, 10 rounds of ammunition, 840 rounds of Tramadil, three mobile phones, a bird shooting rifle, 1 round of ammunition, 1 7.62 mm round of ammunition. they are not guns.
Now more than 17,000 PACS will be the means of registering for all these services and communicating the concerns of people in rural areas to the government.
The family members of these two men who were abducted by these people who offered to sell the Shyieng Boit, have informed the police. The police have set up a police team. With the cooperation of the Assam Police in the search operation, these kidnappers have released these people from Meghalaya.
With the arrest of Bah Khongsit, the total number of those who have been arrested by the police has now reached
For example, the SP can say that the OCs should not release coal trucks but if they do, it doesn't mean that the entire police department will fight against the leaders. There is nothing involved in the mining of coal unless there is one or two police officers who do so.
Pt-I/2017-18/01, Dated: Wapung, the 27th June, 2017 which amounted to T.25,00,000/- and why the Soskular was signed on 5th July, 2018 and said to complete the construction. “I didn't think that the present Government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma as Chief Minister, would do this to the two DS Bapli who have worked hard for 4 years. The Government has decided to allocate land for the Wapung C&RD Block which will last for only 8 months.
He said the victory in the Independence Cup in Aizawl is a great lesson.
Of these, those who have received their Ph.D.
Justice Mahesh said that the purpose of these public hearings in different parts of the country is to ensure speedy trial and at the same time to educate the public on human rights. , man from birth has the right to protection.
The opposition leader said that this is a violation of the rights of the people, he said that this shows that the leaders do not follow the mountains.
The CSWO will file a complaint in the court seeking a CBI inquiry into the matter to find out all the facts and those involved should be brought to justice.
Shillong,Nohprah,20:The people of Hynniewtrep should be vigilant against these people of the Congress party especially the MDc and MP elections are near. District Council or Assembly for the protest which has lasted for more than three months until there is no peace and order in the country or the authority of the government of Dr Mukul Sangma to implement the ILP. This is the most important issue that KHNAM has put forward which is the weapon of the minority of the Hynniewtrep people under the leadership of Bah Edelbert Nongrum as an MDC who has 100 responsibility. head for your nation.
On the other hand, the DC expressed her gratitude to the Marwaris and also to the Union of Rangbah Shnongs.
The union is deeply saddened that the students of this school have lost their education in science subject just because the government in charge of the education department has not taken action and trusted the schools that have sha too city.
Dr. Vijay Kumar D, Commissioner & Secretary, Planning Department, Meghalaya explained in detail the progress of the schemes implemented by the state government since 2015-1
The RPI leader in the Modi.02 government and in the Modi.03 government has been appointed to the Cabinet as Children's Minister even though the party did not have a single. and MP to the Lok Sabha.
Regarding the market, he said that the KHADC has already written to the Syiem of Mylliem Hima not to issue a no objection certificate regarding the application for trading licences.
Answering additional questions, he said that the central government has said that the cultivation of kwai is not harmful to the health, but the state government will continue to provide assistance as this is a traditional cultivation. of the people of this state so the government will continue to provide support.
Shillong, November 01: U Pa.
Regarding the shooting of youths by the BSF, the MLA of the area, Santa Mary Shylla, has promised that she will take action to speak out against the BSF. Shillong, June 23: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has strongly condemned the incident ha Rongmil on 17/June/2024 in East Garo Hills District where three persons were burnt alive. your sorrow when such things happen.
Deputy Speaker TD Shira, Ministers of the MDA Government, MLAs and their families were present to witness the ceremony. he is sworn.
About 50 school children have participated in the competition and these are the best, and at the state level about 100 drawings have been sent from different schools in the state. to submit from last month for the purpose of competing in this competition.
It’s exactly what happens to the road construction industry.
“There is no right way for me to join other parties in Kato la por and the best way was with the BJP. “It is to get closer to the voters in the constituency,” he said.
The public awareness meeting was organized in collaboration with the District Legal Services Authority, South West Khasi Hills District, Mawlangwir Presbyterian Social Development and Youth Organization. HG Lyngdoh SP, Rev D Jamir and many other government officials.
The mid-term elections will be held in conjunction with the MP elections on the 11th of June.
Besides these coins, there are also old coins in the banks such as shiphew coins, shiphew coins, five coins, 10 coins and two coins. to it.
She has trained herself by participating in various CNE programs conducted in the country, state and districts.
In 2015, North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un ordered the destruction and destruction of all cassette tapes and CDs of banned music to prevent public listening.
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, the government department has also sent officers to be specially trained for this purpose and this is part of the preparations to deploy the the farm in this state for the purpose of this Masi fruit.
Shillong, Lber 16: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today adjourned the session of the Legislative Assembly for one hour and called a meeting with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. , to the Leader of the Opposition in the House, Dr Mukul Sangma to discuss urgent matters.
The Monolith Festival was last held in March 2016 at Khasi Heritage Village, Mawphlang.
The police station will also serve as a training center for the youth of this area who are looking for jobs in the security fields. that their work is that they are in the midst of a great difficulty which they have to fight against, when the difficulties are sometimes the mistake on the part of the police, but all this will be done accordingly. provisions of the law.
He said that the KSU also holds such events in the field of music, music and dress code to promote their fellow citizens and to preserve our unique identity and identity as a nation.
In this match, the referee has given more time than seven minutes.
This discussion was held as part of the public understanding of how the District Council can protect the Jaitbynriew through the KHADC and JHADC or to know other better ways than the District Council.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Government of Meghalaya today announced that all liquor shops in Meghalaya will reopen from Monday in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Home Affairs. central government.
Other districts are West Khasi Hills 3, South West Khasi Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 89, West Jaintia Hills 6, East Jaintia Hills 5, West Garo Hills 135, South West Garo Hills 3, South Garo Hills 2 and North Garo Hills .
From West Khasi Hills District, 30-Mairang Constituency Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, 31- Mawthadraishan Bah Brolding Nongsiej, 34- Mawshynrut Constituency Bah Savio Iawphniaw and from 35-Ranikor Constituency Bah Pius Marwein , Luderburg Ch Momin, 41-Songsak and Arun N Marak, 42-Rongjeng and Bartush R Marak, 43-Williamnagar and Mahamsing M Sangma, 44-Rongsagre and Pillarson G Momin, 48-Selsella and Kabul A Sangma, 50-North Tura 51-South Tura and Pallab D Arengh, 54-Mahendraganj and Nidhuram Hajong, 55-Salmanpara and Nimarson Momin.
The big man made two excellent saves in the 33rd minute to deny Donlad but the defense was poor from that point on, letting Mawlai get behind them with ease.
On the other hand, he said that as a measure to prevent the spread of covid 19, the HFU has also sent to test through a thermal scanner for those who enter the school. market and in these days has been restored and many people have not been allowed to enter due to the detection through the machine showing that they have a normal temperature.
Current Model Rules of Procedure - Relevant RulesThe current Model Rules of Procedure includes a number of relevant rules in the field of corruption by parties and candidates relating to promises made by the party. still in power and so on.
KHNAM is one of the regional parties that is still farsighted and does not speak only during the elections as led by Bah Edelbert Nongrum MDC Jaiaw.
The Director of Health Services (DHS) said that once all these facilities are completed, the state will be able to restore the oxygen supply in the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: There have been 20 new cases of COVID-19 confirmed in Shillong today, 13 from East Khasi Hills and 3 from West Khasi Hills. there were 273 in all.
In a statement sent today, Bah Ernest Mawri said that the defeat of the motion to dissolve the EC led by the NPP in GHADC is only a reason for not informing the government. time to hold a meeting today.
Shillong, March 27: Tura MP Conrad K Sangma today met Union Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Sushma Swaraj in Delhi.
At this meeting, the Congress office bearers from Shella decided to leave the party immediately.
Shillong, March 17: The National People's Party (NPP) has decided to withdraw the tickets of several candidates for the Assembly elections. MLA of Garo Hills.
The purpose of the tournament is to encourage sports activities among the police of the state.
On the other hand, the HSPDP, which is part of the government, will meet the Chief Minister to discuss the construction of roads in the villages on the border with Assam. be the border with Assam so that people can know which part of Meghalaya and which part of Assam.
He said that the government will make this announcement in the coming days regarding the upgradation of the Ranikor Administrative Unit to the status of Ranikor Civil Sub Division.
As a reminder, the theme of this race is “Run with different abilities.
They request the government to extend the porn for them.
Now, we intend to share these news with newspapers and electronic media in India,” he said.
The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Shemphang Wahlang and also a short speech was delivered by the Secretary Shnong, Bah Wallamkupar Lynrah who recalled that he was also one of the Rangbah Shnong who witnessed and Support the establishment of the HYC in the past 6 years at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall.
Shillong, November 09: U Bah Prestone Tynsong, Chairman of the High Level Committee (HCL) of the KSU JHDU, said that the KSU JHDU has been working hard to improve the situation in the country. He said that the government has appointed a meeting to discuss the issue of the thermoter after the protests. .
At the same time, the union urges the officers of the supply department to check the delivery of ration in the area and not to slow down like everyone else so that there will be no overcharging. on the basis of the price of Kali or Daju and that there will be no shortage of kilograms of ration from FCI to wholesalers, from wholesalers to dealers and from dealers to the public.
The flag raising ceremony was held to protest against the shooting death of two prison employees in Williamnagar by the militants.
On this occasion, he said that as members of the House, they should read carefully the rules of procedure of the House and if there are members who deviate from the rules, they should report and inform the Speaker for correction.
This would be the beginning of the end.
Shillong, July 10: Pyntngenlang Facon, founder of Kitbok Cancer Care Foundation and Wealthy Sunn, spokesperson of Mawngap Multipurpose Co-operative Society (MMC) have announced that they will hold a concert on 27th July produce for the sick.
Shillong, Naitung 09: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr M Ampareen Lyndoh today called for a meeting with the Education Cell of the Khasi Students Union (KSU). it was submitted last month.
In Umsning Block, 51 villages and 915 houses have been affected, while in Bhoirymbong Block, 49 villages have been affected and 1054 houses have been destroyed. BDOs of these Block.
Referring to the performance of the Governor, the Prime Minister said he would like to say something.
Shillong, Lber 05: Police have arrested Sturgy Lyngdoh, a member of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), on Tuesday.
The owner of the vehicle has lodged a complaint with the Chokpot Police Station and the police have registered the complaint and the search for the driver is ongoing.
Moreover, Myntriang village is backward and the people are illiterate and lack knowledge or understanding of the development schemes in which he has held them all.
The Forest Department has been urged to find a way for these elephants to pass through so that they will not be destroyed. to the farmers, said James Shira.
NEHUSU President Bah Napoleon S.Mawphniang in his speech said that the purpose of the NEHUSU is to express their grievances that as students they have not yet achieved independence in this country. India where students do not get freedom.
The government authorities and the DC of South West Khasi Hills District have turned away the people and village leaders because they have pretended to cooperate only to curb the villagers but have slowly allowed foreigners to enter the district.
When looking into this, it was found that this was because the prescribers had written that these people had received medicine which was a data entry error by the prescribers.
The Chief Minister has extended his special congratulations to the family members who have worked together at this time when they have faced many difficulties and there has been a loss, but even in the midst of these difficulties and now they have been able to get out of this problem and many problems is bay m should not be afraid.
He said that the Government has proposed to separate about 150,000 tonnes of garbage to reduce the amount of garbage in Marten.
On the other hand, only the Congress party has withdrawn its candidate for the mid-term MDC election from Laban-Mawprem Constituency. , in which Bah Mon Lyngdoh, who had already announced, had to lose his ticket from the Congress party.
Besides curbing the smuggling of cattle, the BSF is also aiming to prevent Rohingya Muslims from smuggling into India through the Bangladesh-India border.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, on his visit to the Sub-Centre at Langsynphut in Sawsymper area, said that the state government has set a target for The sub-Centre has been upgraded to a Public Health Centre.
It is the duty of the Government to expel the foreigners who may be in the North East and expel them from the region and India but not to attract and make Indian citizens to foreigners here. .
Meanwhile, the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma said that the Opposition MLAs support the Government on the proposal to resolve the border issue if the Government acts in the right manner.
The Association under the leadership of its President, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang on Saturday visited the Rangbah Shnong of Khanapara, Bah Jerimy Lyngdoh and found that the actions of Assam are an insult to the people of the state on the border. These families have Epic and card ration in Meghalaya and now they have to stay in shelters.
The Saiden Socio Cultural Sport Club in collaboration with the Saiden Dorbar Shnong and the Deputy Commissioner's Office, Ri Bhoi District today announced that it will hold the 2nd Niangtaser Festival 2014 on the 15th of this month. The festival will be held at the Iewsier Forest near the Nongkhyllem Wildlife Sanctuary.
The simplification of operations, the restructuring of tax benefits and the implementation of key reforms and the strengthening of the Fund's commitment to working together to support reforms and implementation of them and everyone involved in this process.
They urged the Minister of Home Affairs to look into this matter and if possible to eradicate these criminals.
Tyrsad, July 02: The Mawlum Tyrsad Sports and Cultural Club, Mylliem Syiemship under the leadership of Bah Maitphang Khongsit President and Bah Stam Nongbet Secretary on Tuesday launched the Inter Dong Football Tournament. teams took part in the tournament.
This attitude and thinking is wrong especially in those parties which consider themselves to be the parties of the people.
He also requested the public that if they find anyone who is not smuggling money or smuggling drugs during the election, they should inform as there are people who have been appointed for this purpose.
The decision was taken to work with other parties to nominate only one candidate to defeat the Congress candidate.
They also said that some of their children were supposed to write the examination at 1 pm but even at 4 pm they could not enter or find a room to write.
Shillong, June 30: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has seized the property of Seven City Developer Private Limited (KHADC) from Mumbai. He was born in Umsopai, Ri Bhoi District.
The second prize winner will receive 1 lakh tyngka and the third prize winner will receive 50,000 tyngka.
Bah Bull contested the election in 1990 from Malki-Nongthymmai Constituency and won, but later he did not stand for election because he became interested in politics.
On the other hand, Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit General Secretary FKJGP Central Body reminded the members of the FKJGP South East Khasi Border Circle to maintain the dignity and remember the three pillars of the FKJGP. The motto of the party is to fight as hard as possible to achieve the goal of bringing about change in society, income and change in the country. rule of nature.
In Shillong, on the 24th of June this year, students marched from Don Bosco Square to the State Central Library to submit their suggestions to the State Government. take measures against the victims of the destruction of the environment.
Furthermore, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Pai) also thanked the supporters of other political parties and candidates who did not support him in this election. Last election in which he called for further cooperation for the safety and security of the people of the village as he said that now he is the leader of all.
Shillong, August 10: The three-day BR Ambedkar Sports Foundation National Games in Delhi was held at the Talkota Stadium.
Recently, Meghalaya won the bronze medal in the State (B) category at the National ODOP Awards held at the Bharat Mandapam on 3rd July
Rahul alleged that the government's action was to prevent the Congress party from campaigning.
Chairman of KHADC Bah PN Syiem was also present at the meeting.
Regarding the report submitted by the Chief Minister in the Legislative Assembly today, three MLAs from the opposition and the Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma have asked whether this incident happened. it is an evil thing to do.
Before any incident, it is the duty of the relevant authorities and especially the Vice Chancellor to ensure that the campus of the university should be safe from any criminals.
The total number of patients was
According to the programme, the Chief Minister will be the chief guest.
Speaking to reporters, KSU General Secretary Kwilniss S. Suchiang said that Prestone has promised to take action on this demand and said that he will order the The Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, has sent a letter to the BSF to immediately remove the check gate which is a obstacle to the traffic on the National Highway-6
The meeting was convened by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, Head of District Council Affairs. the presence of Officers of the Revenue Department of the State Government.
Dr. Jennifer V. Basaiawmoit, Medical Director, Bansara Eye Care Centre, welcomed the guests and said that eye disease or visual impairment, if not treated properly, , will cause you to lose your sight for life.
Shillong, Lber 08: Speaking in the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya at the opening of the 2019-2020 Budget Session, U Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, announced in the Legislative Assembly that the new Legislative Assembly will be established. The construction of the project will start at a cost of T.141 crore.
This First Edition is now available as an eBook and can be downloaded/printed free of charge and Due to the covid19 pandemic, it will not be long before you can get this book as a hardcopy.
Other issues related to teachers said that the government has not yet implemented the deficit teachers' pension, maternity leave, medical expenses according to the FMPC report. In the petition, they also demanded that the government should include the deficit teachers under the State Employees Groups Insurance Scheme, the payment of salaries for Vice Principals, Assistants. Lecturer, to provide computer training as mentioned in the report of the FMPC. The petition also stated that the government has not yet been able to formulate the service rules for teachers. It should be implemented for the smooth running of the school deficit.
Similarly, the Ministry has also developed an Adventure Tourism Strategy to make India a leading adventure tourism destination around the world.
Regarding the markets near the border of Assam, such as Ri Bhoi District, West Khasi Hills District, North Garo Hills District and West Garo Hills District, to the Deputy Commissioner to approve and accept the decision.
The exhibition will start at 9.30 pm.
The complaint is against the former Chief Secretary, former Chairman cum Managing Director (CMD) of MeECL and former officers of MePDCL including the Director (Distribution), Chief Engineer (Distribution), Chief Engineer (Rural Electrification), Company Secretary, Chief Accounts Officer/Deputy Chief Accounts Officer, Additional Chief Engineer (Material Management) and Additional Chief Engineer (Planning & Design).
At the time of writing, the damage was not known as there were many shops, but the damage was estimated at more than 10 lakh tyngka.
She said that there are still many who violate the laws related to environmental protection and stressed that the rivers and forests should be protected and that there is no reason to justify the earning by causing damage.
Shillong, January 29; It is the first time for Meghalaya to win 26 medals at the National Games for the Deaf organized by the All India Council of Deaf in Aurangabad.
MDC of this constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie was also present.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The KSU Bangalore Unit will distribute awards to the students studying in the city in November for those who have passed well from class X onwards.
The postmortem was conducted on the same day at SMS Hospital, Jaipur and the body was brought by ambulance to Delhi for delivery the next day.
Why don't you switch to digital payment? We are now proud to accept RuPay card in Singapore.
Police of East Jaintia Hills District on 20th November, 2023 seized 4,135 bottles of Phensydel containing 100 ml each from a truck. Diesel fuel kit number NL-01-AH-2
Shillong, July 15: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) today celebrated the World Environment Day at Syad Rit and Mawlyngkhung.
The training of 11 study centers in East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills District will be held after the 18th.
There are shops on both sides of the bridge connecting East Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills to Mawkyrwat, the capital of the district. look at this place.
At this meeting, Bah Charles Marngar handed over a petition for the construction of an intermediate road from Sonidan to Umsiang, a road from Umkra to Syntumaw and the village road in the village of Sonidan.
We must one day get the recognition (of the Khasi language) in the Khyrnit Baphra.
The United Khasi Hills District (Trading by Non Tribals) Regulation, 1954 states that the Dkhars should not be allowed to work in the fields. The answer to the landlords who are the farmers is “NGIM TIP”.
At the same time, it requires the traders not to discriminate against the farmers in terms of price.
In his letter, the Opposition Leader Dr Mukul said that the COVID-19 pandemic has affected the economy of the world and the countries of the world have taken all measures to fight against it. while you know.
The closing ceremony of the Quasqui Centenary of the Church was held on the 9th of June and was blessed by Lis Dyson Jones, President of the General Assembly of Unitarian and Free Christian Churches UK. Lis reminded that membership in a clean church which is called the Wei Blei religion requires believers to live according to their faith.
The meeting was conducted by Dr. Venkat Iyer, Barrister, UK. In all the speeches, there was agreement on issues including the ensuring of freedom of expression and the development of the media. , respecting privacy.
Additionally, the team is scheduled to return from Tamil Nadu on February 1, 2024, departing from Chennai’s international airport.
The details of the funds allocated/utilized for the projects and schemes being implemented under NLCPR scheme and schemes of North Eastern Council of this Ministry in the North Eastern Region.
The meeting was necessary as fellow Congress MLAs had gone to demand from Congress leader Sonia Gandhi to replace the leadership within the Congress Legislative Party.
On the other hand, the Director urged the public if they have any symptoms of COVID-19 to go to the health centers for treatment. and hospitals whether government or private should accept treatment.
Shillong, July 06: Wansalan Dkhar from Meghalaya has won the 1st Indo Nepal International Taekwondo Championship in Uttar Pradesh. there were 11 in all.
The main purpose of this two day training is to raise awareness among the people on the laws and regulations which the State Government and the Central Government have enacted for the protection of employees in the country. that does not bun the side.
Rangbah Sumar Sing Sawian, a rishot, tympan and leader of the Seng Khasi Kmie for many years, was a former Member of the Joint Executive Committee (JPK) of the Seng Khasi Kmie. for many years and who has worked hard to preserve, enrich and promote his traditional religion through the writings of his own mind.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has issued a statement saying that the SSA LP School in Khlieh Umwang, Ribhoi District has been destroyed by the Assam authorities. On Tuesday, she met with the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A. Sangma to seek clarification on the delay in the reconstruction of the school.
In his speech, Deputy Inspector General of Police (Eastern Range) Davis NR Marak said that these laws have been drafted and implemented by the government after careful consideration of the existing criminal laws and this will strengthen them. there is no law that is not given.
If the cold is severe and prolonged, it is best not to use or turn on electrical appliances such as mobile phones, wires, radios, televisions and other electrical appliances.
On this occasion, Bah Hamlet Dohling, Ex-President FKJGP, Special Guest Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, Bah Tonwell Rynjah, Rangbah Shnong Lawsohtun, Rangbah Shnongs from different areas of Mylliem Villages.
Bah Phelenstar Rani President of the organization congratulated all the schools who came to take part in the tournament and urged the support of the people of the organization so that the organization can continue to bring many programs. benefit young people and sports enthusiasts and other speakers.
Because there are Khasi Pnar who cannot speak or use Karbi or Assamese in their lives and in many needs and the most serious thing is that even in the disease. They also do not allow Khasi Pnar people to come to Meghalaya for treatment like in Jowai and other health centres.
He said that in Meghalaya, the supply of drinking water to households through the Jal Jeevan Mission scheme is 44% while in India as a whole it is still 51%. households in India is in March
It is learned that police are still patrolling inside Ichamati village to ensure that peace will return to the village which is a trading hub.
This proves that the violators have been dealt with whether they are people involved in transportation or if they are people who regularly consume drugs," he said.
KSU Mawkyrwat Circle President Forwardman Nongrem was the chief guest in the presence of Samla Rutherford Lyngdoh.
At present, Ri Bhoi District needs to be rehabilitated once again because the mountains have been destroyed.
Police have registered a complaint at Tura Police Station and the investigation is ongoing to find out more about those involved in the drug trafficking. allow this payment.
“Our Government has launched Green Meghalaya which is unique and through this, groups benefit when they conserve and protect forests.
In order to provide for his family, he went to work as a peon in a timber company and he and his wife lived in the timber house of a friend.
There was also a collapse of television stations and mobile towers of Reliance Company in Nongryngkoh.
Shillong, Nailur 28: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh today announced that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will implement the Housing Act after reaching an agreement with the state government and the Urban Development Department.
He said that in the past, the collection of Shnong fees was T.300/-, T.200/-, T.100/- and T.50/- but now it has been increased suddenly until they cannot resist. this is the decision.
On the ongoing protest in the state, the Chief Minister said that there are other ways and means of protest without affecting the development of the country.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in charge of Elaka Affairs, Bah Jambor War, on Tuesday said that the report on the incident ha Iongkhukli village has been received by the Assam police. The report will be sent to the Chief Executive Member this month.
During the inspection at the Wellness & Food Testing Site near the BRDC farm, Conrad Sangma talked to the beneficiaries of the tourism department, and also took note of their request to improve the products from the BRDC farm. the role of increasing income through this sector.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that he has directed MeECL to install 56 33/11 KV sub stations to Broadcasting Engineering. Consultants India Limited (BECIL).
Shillong, Jymmang 05: U Yutraj Gurung, 34, of Shillong, Shillong, has shot dead his wife at 6.30 pm today.
Shillong, March 29: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 77 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 40 in West Garo Hills, 9 in East Garo Hills and 6 in Ri Bhoi. Jaintia Hills 2, West Jaintia Hills 2, South Garo Hills 1, South West Garo Hills 1, South West Khasi Hills 1, total cases
The KSU also urged the health department to provide an ambulance, more adequate transformers, more oxygen cylinders and other necessities of the PHC. KSU Umdohlun Circle President Dusterwell K. Lyngdoh, Organizing Secretary of KSU Umdohlun Circle, said that the KSU Umdohlun Circle has decided to take action on this issue for the benefit of the people of the area.
The people should not worry about the food items.
Guwahati, Naitung 30: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) today held a meeting in Guwahati to prepare for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections in the North Eastern states. I'm from India.
Shillong, Naitung 09: U Minister of State for Water Resources, Bah Comingone Ymbon today visited the flood affected areas in South West Garo Hills District.
He said, “It is the determination that is always in our minds through 'VasudhaivaKutumbakam'
Speaking at the launch of these schemes, he said that Meghalaya is the state with the lowest use of Tyndong lyer for cooking purposes. India as a whole has increased to 90%.
He said that the newspapers have served the state and the country in various fields.
Shillong, Naitung 15: Leaders of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle have visited Ngunraw Village to donate food items to a family of a woman in Ngunraw Village. .
The Seng, under the leadership of Samoa Pulljohn Wanniang, Asst.Education Secretary, together with members from the circles and unit has left to close down these offices and banks in Mawkyrwat.
The meeting was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
At the same time, he said that there is still much to be done.
"“I have read the history of Bharat,.
ED in the application, there are those who have not submitted the B.Ed certificate and those who have not submitted the marksheet of Class XII. They said that it would be better if the government would give them more time to fill the gaps.
Shillong, March 10: Shillong Police today arrested Wankerlang Jyrwa, 24, Badonkupar Nongbri, 24, for questioning in connection with the burning of a trader at KSU Mawprem. Motprah.
Who will provide food and shelter for them on the streets as all food and shelter shops are still closed.
The Prime Minister said the framers of the Constitution of the country saw the vision of an independent India based on freedom, order and justice and the Supreme Court has continued to uphold these beliefs.
“We will look into this matter and come up with measures to prevent and avoid such incidents in the coming days,” he said.
The Commission will seek ways and means to improve the income of Assam.
“If I have done anything wrong, or if I have raped anyone, report to the police and arrest me,” she said.
Later, some of the Dhar Construction Company's puh shilum companies came to clean up the ground to repair the soil that had collapsed in the middle of the road.
The arrested were identified as Suhak Mia of Garhasamla village under Katdamli police station of Maimensing district and Jowel Mia of Rukshdupar village under Apara police station. which falls under the jurisdiction of Natrajuni District.
The bus left Tura at 6.30 pm for Baghmara.
Shillong, March 01: U Bah FM Mawphniang, President of the United Ri Bhoi People and Framers Association (URBPFA) on Tuesday sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh. The Ministry of Agriculture has demanded that the Government should fully implement the Meghalaya State Agriculture Producers and Live Stock Marketing Act
–: means people who write journalism for the purpose of disseminating information to the public in society.
The Seng urges the police not to arrest the youth without sufficient evidence as the arrest can lead to loss of honor and affect the future of these youth.
Whether the government will revive it or do it in any way, they will meet separately on this.
To remind to remind that the Minister in charge of Education, when asked by the media, said that the government will announce in these days and those who pass will be appointed as full time teachers. .
In the last MLA election, the NPP won 3.50 lakh votes including Banteidor Lyngdoh and Gavin M. Mylliem who joined us.
Referring to these medicinal plants, the Chief Minister said that the people of this state have used them from one generation to another and now it is time to pass them on to the world. the wisdom of the people of the state.
Last year, 108 militants were arrested and 19 surrendered.
Therefore, when a man is rich, well-fed, well-fed, well-off, well-off, well-off, well-off, well-off, well-off, working, farming, he doesn't turn away from God the Lord, but he gives himself. He turns to his Creator to thank and pray to Him to forgive the mistakes of mankind.
U Bah Metbah on this occasion informed about many of the works that have been done for the constituency as a whole, such as the improvement of the Tirot Singh Stadium, the roads especially the road from Mairang to the airport in Guwahati. The improvement of this road and the announcement of the Prime Minister for the new District in Mairang.
He said that after this list, the council will be able to make it public so that all the kurs will be included in this list.
The statement of the editor of the Shillong Times has severely affected the Khasi people in all aspects and could lead to serious conflicts.
He spoke on the role of environmental technology in the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan; education, communication and health services in inaccessible areas, tele-medicine and tele-education.
Besides this request to the Central Government to investigate by the Central Government teams, at the same time the SIT will continue to investigate, at any time the Central Government appoints a team of inquiry, the SIT will hand it over to the investigation teams to be appointed by the central government.
Shillong, July 21: HCL Foundation, which promotes Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) and issues of the world's leading technology company, said: HCLTech today held the 4th Pan-India Symposium 2024 at North Eastern Hill University, Shillong, Meghalaya on the theme 'The Role of CSR in Economic Development' in the remote parts of the northeastern states of India'
Regarding the old trees across the state, Kong Matsiewdor said that the Deputy Commissioners have been very vigilant and have informed that they will provide information on how to do it.
She was accompanied by government officials from the district and police chiefs of the state.
Regarding the uranium project, the union has been opposed to it from the beginning and now their opposition is to the railway line to reach parts of Ri Khasi. This state will soon become low paid.
“It (the Government of India) has no intention of amending Article 10 of the Constitution.
At this meeting, it was also explained that the distribution of food items by the NFSA for the month of June is ongoing.
Bah Jambor War said he will take action on this incident and the wish of the people of Mawpen village that they want a full Rangbah Shnong and they have expressed their opposition to the temporary Rangbah Shnong.
" he said.
Noting that the VPP also stands for the non-tribal citizens of Meghalaya, Dr. Syngkon said he is confident that these citizens of the state will support the party. The party will win the Lok Sabha elections.
“It’s for this reason, we sought information from DHS after it said it didn’t have the money.
In addition to those languages ​​that already exist from all over the villages, there are also languages ​​that can be created by combining two or three words to create one language that is meaningful, clean and pure. short and short so that the writing may be complete.
Shillong, July 23: U Saleng Sangma MLA of the NCP today resigned from the post of MLA and will join the Congress party to contest the MLA election from 56-Gambegre West Garo Hills District.
Bletsing said that the kur has made it clear that the spelling of the kur should be 'Sun' and not anything else. Tdong and Lyngdoh Sla, which come from Wat, Bud, Swet and Ngen.
Today, there are only three countries that still have the disease.
“Many of the residents have tried to buy water at a low price by witnessing that the water tankers who bring drinking water have to transport it from a distance until the water costs about T.1,0 " he said.
Jowai, Jymmang 29: The All Jaintia Youth Welfare (AJYWO) Central Body (AJYWO) has demanded that GR Infra Ltd, the company which is constructing the NH-6 from Sumer to Malidor, should immediately complete the construction of the NH-6 to immediately correct the misspellings on many of the signboards which it has erected along the NH-6
And the explanation of Sub-Section 1 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 has spoken clearly about the special situation here in Shillong.
However, we have conducted another investigation to ensure that such incidents should not happen,” said a statement from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Bah M Jurwa, one of those who attended the meeting with reporters at Shillong Press Club, said that if the court finds that their MLA has done this, He should be punished and the people of Mawhati will not support him anymore.
The government should understand why they take the path of armed conflict, who is forcing who is threatening, the government inside the state should answer that, now they are standing near the statue of the kiang Nongbah If you are wrong, you will be punished by the Secretariat.
This will be his first visit to the North East to campaign for the presidential election.
who are still suffering 100 people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The Union of Residents of Tyrna Elaka through the Tyrna Elaka Welfare Society, Shillong invites all the residents of Shillong and other places to join us. to attend the meeting which will be held on 30/11/2019 at 11:00am at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw Madan Student.
In a meeting with the Cabinet, the Chief Minister urged the Central Government to take all necessary measures to get the Government to bring back these 27 people. the state shall not be allowed to return in peace.
Shillong, Naitung 21: There are 558 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 192 in West Garo Hills and 140 in West Garo Hills. .
The Officer In Charge of Umsning Police Outpost, while talking to SP News Agency, said that the incident happened this morning. The damage has been severe and police are investigating the incident.
The lack of question papers at the examination centers has prompted the union to demand the regional administrative office of the MBOSE in Shillong. The KSU has been arrested and seriously injured during the protests.
This Rule has given rise to two names for the same Mawshun, called “MAJOR LIMESTONE” and “MINOR LIMESTONE”.
The purpose of the race will also be to raise awareness among the public on the importance of respecting and protecting the environment.
She also congratulated the members of the Meghalaya State Hockey Association who have been able to revive hockey in the state.
During the meeting, the Union Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare promised to look into the request to give the authority to look after NEIGRIHMS. It will help in the development of this health center for the people of the North East.
During these five days of the session, three days were reserved for government work and two days were reserved for opposition work.
Jowai, Jymmang 05: The Jaintia Hills Unit (HANM) has decided to hold a public meeting on the 15th of this month. Mookyndur, Malidor, HANM-JHU took this decision at its meeting held on 31-01-2
Shillong, July 14: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has arrested 100,000 byrni of rice from Meghalaya after seeing in the media that about 100,000 byrni of rice belonging to Meghalaya have been smuggled. Assam, 13 trucks have been allowed to carry flags at the FCI office in Mawlai Mawroh today to protest.
It is for this reason that the state government has launched adequate tourist vehicles for the local entrepreneurs involved in this sector.
This news has reached the information of the Rangbah Kur of Warjri in Shillong.
Replying to a supplementary question by Bah Charless Marngar, Bah Victor said that until now, the KHADC has not had such a system of traditional dances of different Himas, such as the Suk Mynsiem dance and others. The council will look into this,” said Victor.
Speaking to reporters, Thomas Passah expressed his gratitude to Bah (L) HS Shylla for his support in the introduction of the Regulation and Administration of Land Act KHADC has passed this Act which allows the people to register their land with the KHADC. KHNAM has received a complaint from the people regarding the failure of the Hima Dorbars to issue the necessary documents to the Hima. He said that this exploitation of the Dorbar Hima in relation to the issuance of confirmation documents by taking excessive amount of money from the people has led to the people not being able to register with the KHADC. He also asked whether the Hima Dorbars should register the land or just give them the Pynskhem.
Minister of State for Communications.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said that the OTS scheme is not only for factories but also for private individuals, those who have received the OTS scheme if they do not pay within now. The month of lighting will be in the month of June.
The President of the Meghalaya Retired Deficit School Teachers Association (MRDSTA) Babu ED Nongsiang on Saturday said that the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) should not ban the teachers. teachers to take part in politics or even to contest elections if the State Government itself has not been able to provide all the salaries as it does for Government employees.
However, the MUDA Act does not provide any powers to the Dorbar Shnongs.
The president of the party, Bah Ivanlumlang Marbaniang, announced the formation of the new political party in Meghalaya at a meeting held at the party's office in Nongrimhills, Shillong.
However, if the government does not do anything, we will continue our protests,” said Bah MH Dkhar President of AJYWO Sengkmie.
The Government of Meghalaya stands firm in its efforts to create job opportunities to contribute to the desire to receive the best education to develop children from an early age.
She has also provided assistance to SCERT, DERT in terms of training to teachers in Saindur, Acting, Shad and Rwai.
When they started the group they faced many challenges but with the advent of NRLM they made a lot of profit and their lives became easier.
So far, such camps have been held in Williamnagar, Resulbelpara, Nongpoh and Tura.
They were given 1 hour to gather and now they have left,” said L. Tariang, General Secretary KSU Laskein Circle.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The Joint Ordination Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP-HSPDP Alliance) today decided to divide the constituencies for the 2018 MLA elections. The HSPDP will contest in 10 constituencies and 9 constituencies.
In the letter, the union said that if the government wants to distinguish between teachers, it should accept SSA teachers as teachers of the state government.
When asked, he said, “we will never be able to enter the minds of others, but the mind is the strongest refuge of human freedom.
On receiving this information, the police rushed to the scene to conduct an investigation into the blast. Go to this place and find out what kind of bomb you have planted in this place.
Shillong, Iaiong 21: Former Chief Minister, former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah J.Dringwell Rymbai, 87, passed away today. .
To develop the Jaidbynriew in many aspects whether in terms of income, governance, culture and society, and also to protect the Jaidbynriew Khasi from the threats of the mynder one day who may come and destroy it. what is there in the country.
Not less than 50 percent of the medicinal plants have disappeared due to the destruction of the forests by our enemies, said Dr Pakyntein.
Shillong, November 18: Unidentified persons have stabbed and injured Raksrang G Momin in Mawpun and he was taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
The decision was taken after seeing that the Government of India has not stopped trying to mine uranium in Mawthabah Domiasiat and other parts of South West Khasi Hills District. The Central Government in the Lok Sabha on Tuesday.
He said that there is a Police Station in Sohra but the length of the Shillong-Sohra road has become like a highway. Police from Sohra and Umtyngngar have to wait for those from Mawngap and those from Laitlyngkot have to wait for those from Pynursla”.
Referring to the rules and regulations, he said the university has to follow what the state has set and also the rules and regulations set by the UGC.
Therefore, KHNAM urges the police to arrest the shopkeepers and conduct a thorough investigation to find out the facts. what's wrong.
The Seng has decided to continue to monitor and take measures to upgrade the PHC to the status of CHC. Referring to the lack of Human Resource or staff to assist in this. The Seng is surprised to learn that only one doctor is responsible for all the needs of the PHC especially when there are many people who come to get medicine. to serve alone is not really easy.
It is located in the village of Wahkhen, about 10 hours by foot.
Speaking to reporters after submitting the recommendation to the Expert Committee, Panbor Ryntathiang, General Secretary of the party, said that the party has proposed to include 40% of the Khasi-Jaintia and 40% of the Khasi-Jaintia. % of Garo friends to count together to make 80% to get the shared responsibility.
He gave the example of the shortage of personnel within the police department which has been a major challenge in curbing crime.
Amit had left for Delhi for office work and at the time of the accident he was with his friends Digvijay Singh. the police are the place.
There have been many floods in which many bridges and roads have been damaged and farmland has been damaged.
The Governor said that the time has come for the people of the North East to reap the fruits of peace despite the fact that the region has been surrounded by the border. neighborhood, so this whole area is very busy that you have to be vigilant.
This is the long-standing wish of the former president of the party, Bah Walton Jyrwa Lytttan who passed away recently.
The petition for a new Civil Sub-Division in Ranikor was read out by Bah Mansturdy Nongrem, Chairman of the Civil Sub-Division Demand Committee. The government will look into the demand for a Civil Sub-Division in due course.
The mission of GNRC Medical is to provide quality health care to the public at an affordable price.
Agatha received 2.28 lakh votes from Tura Lok Sabha constituency which has 24 Assembly constituencies.
Our goal is to see that households in remote areas receive water, and we will continue until we reach the final step.
On this occasion, awards were also presented to four talented photographers of the state. All the recipients of this award are four men and one woman.
The East Khasi Hills District authorities have sent government officials to investigate the damage.
New Delhi, July 28: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today inaugurated the Diamond Jubilee Celebration of the Supreme Court of India on July 28 at the Supreme Court Auditorium in Delhi.
To invite all the children of the Villages, Raids and Hima/Elaka to attend the Dorbar Ri at 10 am, 13th February 2013 at Madan Tirot Singh, Mission Mairang, Hima. Khadsawphra/Kingdom Forest.
Rona Khymdeit MDC Nongpoh and many other elders were also present at the meeting and it was decided that the meeting of the Rangbah Association will be held at Parish Umkadhor in 2018.
After the MDCs have taken the oath, the first session of the House will be convened to elect the Chairman of the House and the CEM of the House to form the Executive Committee. the work of the District Council.
Since the launch of the Rozgar Mela, 75,000 people have been employed. The employment has been done directly through the office of the Prime Minister of India even in small jobs.
“Of course, it cannot be said that the foundation stone for the upgradation of the PHC has already been laid since the previous Congress-led government, but it has not been announced yet,” he said. “If the upgradation of the PHC is true, we express our satisfaction on this issue, but we don't want to end up in writing, but we want to see that the upgradation of the PHC is true. “It may be recalled that the issue of upgrading the PHC has started to stir up after the KSU Namdong Unit has come forward to demand the upgrading of the PHC. The PHC was closed on the 24th of July.
He said that the state government has allocated Rs 23 crore for the Meghalaya Games to ensure that the participants get their jobs including lack of adequate food, transportation and other necessities.
He said that the Central Government has allocated T.33 crore and the State Government for the relief measures for any natural disaster. immediately assist those affected by this natural disaster.
On the occasion, Bah Gilbert Sten, former MDC of JHADC and Candidate for the upcoming MLA Election from 4- Mowkaiaw Constituency of the National People's Party (NPP).
He said a Joint Committee comprising the DC's office, the Defence State Office, the Police Department and the Municipal Board was also formed at the meeting.
Sri Lankan President Ranil Wickremesinghe, Maldives President Dr Mohamed Muizzu, Vice President Seychelles Ahmed Afif, Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina and Mauritius Prime Minister Pravind Kumar were invited to the ceremony. Jugnauth, Prime Minister of Nepal, Pushpa Kamal Dahal 'Prachanda' and Prime Minister of Bhutan, Mr. Tshering Tobgay.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: U Bah Don Kupar Dkhar, President of the Khasi Kmie Mawkhar, Shillong, on Tuesday expressed his gratitude to the Seng Khasi Kmie for the success of the Pomblang and Shad Nongkrem of the Hima Khyrim.
The world today has changed and the way wars are fought has also changed.
If we can bring about this change it will help to save billions of rupees every year that we throw away after using plastics and perhaps we can do many development works.
On the same day, a woman lodged a complaint that Bah Longborn Thongni, had raped her twice in two places. On 13th July 2017, the same man raped a woman at Umpung under Ranikor Police Station, South West Khasi Hills District. The police have arrested the perpetrator.
They also discussed the recent riots in Manipur and their impact on the orderly conduct of elections. have the opportunity to take part in the electoral process.
According to the proposed Garoland Map of the ANVC in 2006, the South West Khasi Hills District will lose many areas from Pommudar, Maheshkhola, Khonjoy, Nongjri, Nongkulang to Borsora and areas near Ranikor. The land area of ​​the District shall not exceed 100 square kilometers.
Together with the rest of the country, the Republic Day will be celebrated on 26th July 2017 in all the Districts and Civil Sub Divisions of Meghalaya.
Metbah said that what they have discussed is within their group but the office has not yet issued any rain as the office is still investigating the matter.
Shillong, Lber 31: The KSU Mawkyrwat Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the lack of attention of the Education Department of the State Government and the leaders to the needs of schools in the area especially in the remote areas of Mawkyrwat.
At this meeting, it was said that the Central Government will set a date and the State Government will also lead a delegation to talk to the Central Government on the wishes of the people to implement the project. ILP in the state of Meghalaya.
At present, there are only 11 VDPs operating in Shillong, said Bah Lyngdoh. “Many villages do not have VDPs but by participating in this symposium, we have seen that is encouraging and they are expected to establish VDPs in accordance with the law.
Christina Mynsong in an interview with Batesi TV said that the four injured include her 11-year-old son and another child. a 4-year-old baby and another 30-year-old.
In the third tournament, 36 KURs participated in the competition. Khongjoh, Kharumnuid, Marbaniang, Kharshiing, Sohtun, Kshiar, Mukhim, Lyting, Nongkhlaw, Tariang, Mylliemngap, Lyting, Nongkhlaw, Kharmawphlang, Mawthoh, Kharbihkhiew, Surong, Mynsong and Myrboh. Mawrie and Nongdhar in the first leg of the tournament. Mawrie won by 10 goals against Nongdhar on the opening day.
The school which burnt down today is known as Jaiaw District Nongrah Secondary School.
Regarding this, Lambokstarwell said that what is right and what is wrong cannot be answered but the government will answer, but what they want to convey to the government today they understand that it is difficult. to talk that the government will revise the signed agreement on the border.
“How does (this company) operate in Garo Hills and who has awarded the work to them and on what terms?  The dumper trucks of this company have been involved in many accidents in Garo Hills in which many of the victims have been seriously injured, recently one incident happened at noon on Sunday.
“The budget for the health sector is the highest in the country, as we want to strengthen and modernize the health sector,” he added.
These include 58 advertising stations, 20 advertising stations, 300 street lights, 60 Wi-Fi for the public, GPS to monitor the cleaning of garbage. cars-50 and garbage dumps.
More than 1,17,734 patients have applied under the PMTBMBA and more than 39,819 new NikshayMitras have been registered.
Speech was also delivered by the Guest of Honor Phyrnai Swer who congratulated all the students and said “now the youth are the future of the country and the nation because now It is no longer a battle of sword and spear, it is a battle of knowledge through the sword that we hold every day and so on.
Shillong, Lber 14: Shillong Police today arrested three members of the HNLC from Upper Shillong while they were on their way to Bangladesh.
In the past 9 days, the districts affected by the natural disasters are North Garo Hills, West Khasi Hills, East Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills, East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills. Garo Hills, South West Garo Hills and Ri Bhoi District.
National Secretary Sunil Deodharji in his speech acknowledged that only the BJP party conducts elections to elect party office bearers under the supervision of the Election Commission of India.
Speaking at the closing ceremony of the GMIS, 2023, Union Minister in charge of Ports, Shipping and Waterways and Ayush, Sarbananda Sonowal said, “It has been a good start to the Global Maritime India Summit. , 2023 with an investment of more than T.10 lakh crore to achieve the goal of our late Prime Minister, Narendra Modiji as enshrined in the Maritime Amrit Kaal Vision,
The team was led by Rear Admiral RB Pandit, Flag Officer Commanding Western Fleet, who accompanied the Missile Destroyer INS.
The HYC has taken this decision after several people have tested positive for Covid-19 in the Nongstoin area. Therefore, if the random test is used, it will help to know who has been infected and who has not been infected. set slung noh while those who have not been infected can walk and stand as usual because at present there are villages in the area where the residents are no longer allowed to come just because there are cases of Covid-1 in Nongstoin.
On the other hand, the union has seen that patta has been given to non-tribals and with the patta they have been able to do many of their jobs and this will affect their future heritage.
The Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlangu launched the vehicle carrying the message of “Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra” from the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Secretariat, Khyndailad, Shillong while also launching the Jan Jatiya Gaurav Divas (Tribal Pride).
Under the PRASAD scheme, the Tourism Department of the Union Government has allocated eight projects worth T.256.45 crore for the development of identified pilgrimage destinations in the North Eastern States.
PACS can also be taken as entrepreneurs in the field of drones to spray fertilizers and pesticides.
Shillong, June 23: Three members of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) were injured in a bomb blast by Assam mobs at Saba Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills, Shillong, on Tuesday.
There will be three polling stations in Tura and Shillong at the JN Stadium, and the EVM machines will be heavily guarded at the polling stations by the CrRP and the state police.
Shillong, July 22: The Speaker of the National Assembly, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday handed over a letter of invitation to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma to convey the invitation to the Chief Executive Members of the Legislative Assembly to be held in Mairang.
The Committee has decided to send a proposal to the State Government to set up an Expert Committee to review the State Reservation Policy.
Prime Minister Duh said that India has succeeded in showcasing its philosophy to the world and that the world is still united with our philosophy.
During the meeting, the parties who attended the meeting expressed their appreciation for what the government has done.
After paying this amount, the equipment has not been received yet.
The announcement also mentioned that the meeting will be held at 10.00 pm inside the District Council Hall.
Shillong, November 21: The Government of India should understand the customs and traditions of the Khasi Hills – even in the Khasi Hills, we have strict laws that cannot be implemented like the ILP because we have citizenship rules. villages which have been able to become citizenship acts of the Khasi Hills.
The death of these people has been going on since Sunday.
When SP News Agency tried to talk to some of the people who stayed overnight on the balconies of their shops, they did not want to give their names, but they replied that they would have They have to sleep in the shops of the people even in the middle of the rain or the cold of the night.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, startups have played a major role in innovation and adoption of new jobs according to the emerging demands by launching new services in the job market. health, contactless delivery of food and opportunities for employment and education from different places.
On the other hand, the Speaker said that he will talk to the government for this purpose and that the money should be counted from the department that released the money and not sent to the Deputy Commissioners for peace. The money has been handed over to MACS. (SP News).
The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) will also celebrate the Farmers' Day on the same day. The President of the HFU, Commander Shangpliang, said that the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) Conrad Kongkal Sangma, Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Bah Alexander L. Hek, and Minister of Agriculture Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh will attend the opening ceremony of the Farmers' Dorbar. I will be in Shillong.
The union demands that the state government should punish those people involved in the incident and they should be punished according to the law.
The reason why the post light was still standing at that place was that it was on the roof of a clothing shop which was covered with slep around the post light.
“I don't know how these syrnod got into the hands of this Dkhar,” said the Rangbah Shnong of Latyrke, Pynhun Bhoi.
Dozens of houses have been destroyed in Wahkaji village and in Mawthabah area, the total damage will exceed 100 houses. At the time of reporting, no one was injured.
In the fourth category, two candidates scored 550 marks, Ladiangshisha Marweiñ of Leads Secondary School, Langkyrding, Shillong and Mendelson M. Langstang of North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai.
Shillong, Lber 18: The Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA) has alleged that the errors in the textbooks of school children are due to the negligence of the Meghalaya Board of Education. (MBSOE).
Speaking to media on Friday, Boltijoy Ryan Nongsiej, accompanied by his mother and sister, said that the cost of participating in the competition will be as a young man from a poor and low-income family.
The CEM of KHADC said that once the Clan Bills are passed, the clans will have their own clan organizations and the KHADC will issue a directive to do so. This is for the purpose of strengthening the kurs, among the kurs by working together.
Shullai was defeated in the 2019 Lok Sabha elections.
Thus, our nation also has its own history in the field of politics.
This road from above passes through Dalang Square where the government holds public meetings, musical performances such as the Cherry Blossom Festival and votes during the elections in East Khasi District.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today met with the Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma to submit a petition. The government should not bring back Bah Michael Warjri from Assam to Meghalaya.
It is because I want to go to my own country that I have come to visit.
N.R.Marak, IPS, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, to K.Prasad, MPS, Addl.Superintendent of Police (HQ), East Khasi Hills, Shillong, to D.K.Prasad, MPS, Dy.Superintendent of Police (HQ ), East Khasi Hills, Shillong in the presence of other officers.
The second phase of the tournament was held in Shillong today at Don Bosco Square and Khyndailad.
Shillong, Lber 16: Police have received a complaint that a teacher identified as Bah Banbhabok Sawian of Lawmei Secondary School has raped a student at his residence at the school. Similarly, in Polo, this happened between October 2016 and November
According to the World Economic Forum, the cost of medicines for people with diabetes is estimated at $15 trillion annually.
Shillong, November 11: The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) today met to discuss the outcome of the Central Government's passage of the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2019 in both the Legislative Assemblies. In India.
Prof. Streamlet Dkhar explained about the greatness and uniqueness of the Khasi people who give their jait to their mothers.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Joint Action Committee (JACBOM) led by Bah Erwin K Syiem Sutnga on Tuesday visited Malangkona village in West Khasi Hills District.
The Chief Minister said that what the previous company could not pay to the government, the new company will pay what it should pay and there will be a reduction in terms of interest, as it is a company. The previous one had to pay T.2.5 crore to the government.
Speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan Shillong, the Congress leader said that as the Congress party, we are deeply saddened and dissatisfied with the government's actions in the country. This is the fight against COVID-1
Regarding the factories whether government or private which have been opened at present, the factories producing food items should not be outside the municipal and municipal corporations. wheat production and oil production factories.
On the other hand, the employees of the MTC said that the incumbent MD has been in office for only 9 months why the government has removed her. MTC and the land of this corporation to private individuals.
Shillong, July 03: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo today enforced Section 144 CrPC to ban fishing in the rivers across the district.
In her speech, Dr. Dubey praised the work of BWWA from the Meghalaya Frontier, in helping to improve the income of the families of the BSF, in the when their friends are on the border to protect the country.
Tura, July 25: Two policemen of Meghalaya today lost their lives in a bomb blast by suspected GNLA militants at Tebronggre, near Rongram, about 18 km from Tura West Garo Hills.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the residents said that many times children have fallen into this area because it is not fenced at all. From time to time, the taxi drivers have expressed their fear of passing through this area but it is not a road because there is no traffic. place to walk elsewhere.
The five main demands of the HNLC include the dropping of the illegal count against the party and the dropping of all cases by granting amnesty to all its leaders and members. establish.
The Seng is deeply saddened by the violence of this leader which has deprived the students of the area who come from poor families who have the intention to continue their education. yours.
Leit suk Dolloi, let us live on the foundations which you have laid down for us.
The Forest Department of Meghalaya has also set up a special committee to look after the rivers in the state and the Umsherpi River is one of the darkest rivers in the state. and the earth shall be covered with water.
Mathew Anthony said that during the 40 years of Modi's rule in 2015, he has promised to look into the increase in prices of commodities, the well-being of women, employment. young and kiwi others but all these did not materialize.
Shillong, Nailur 27: As part of the Synod Higher Secondary School, the Art and Science Competition has been held by the Synod Higher Secondary School. Exhibition on Wednesday.
Regarding the Tika vaccines for those aged 45 years and above, the availability of Tika vaccines is sufficient in all districts. The state has received only 42,000 tyngka, many of which are still missing.
In this regard, they were also informed how to get more detailed training at Don Bosco Technical School, ILFS, SS Netcom and other places which the government has recognized as training centres. special training.
The idea of ​​bringing in military bases in the district is not new but until now they have not been able to do so , so the union warns all the agents who intend to bring in the pyrton in the area The party is ready to fight with anyone if they are willing to bring and use force to bring troops into the area.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Employment Monitoring Cell has sent a petition to the MPSC regarding some complaints received from applicants for various posts and some issues. to improve and develop employment opportunities.
In the past 44 years, this center has provided services to 60 villages in the area, to curb crime, to fight against insurgency and to maintain peace. peace and quiet in this area.
The Chief Minister also spoke on tourism, the Act East Policy of the Central Government, the maintenance of buildings funded by the NEC, and the withdrawal of the scheme by the Central Government. Non Lapsable Central Pool Recourses (NLCPR) and replaced them with North East Special Infrastructure Development Schemes (NESIDS).
The BJP did not say why, but said that the date has been postponed to 7/10/2
177 countries have supported the resolution, the highest support for any such resolution of the UNGA. Shillong, July 06: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya on Tuesday distributed checks to the Village Leaders and Private Individuals of Khasi Hills, Jaintia and Ri-Bhoi District under the Payment for Ecosystem Services Scheme. (PES) under the Green Meghalaya Mission.
Tura, November 27: According to a report sent by the Comptroller and Auditor General of the Central Government to the Legislative Assembly, 51% of the villages in West Garo Hills District have not yet received roads.
Publishers of advertisements must provide proof that they have uploaded the certificate by themselves to publishers, publishers, or electronic media providers.
Speaking to reporters, Bah AL Hek said that not all MLAs are urged to encourage the people to come forward to get Tika. In a letter to the MLAs, it was said that so far, 629,034 people have received Tika.
However, it is difficult to pass any law that is suitable for the two ethnic groups.
: The Traffic Branch of Lumdiengjri Police Station, Shillong for the second time has taken responsibility for the repair of the GS Road in Lumdiengjri, Shillong. snow excessively and cause heavy traffic jam.
Regarding the colors of the Silver Year, Bah Kester Warjri, Chairman of the Lympung Rakhe, said that there will be colours, such as literature in many ways. writing stories, writing short stories, writing paintings and other activities that immediately enrich the celebration.
The incident happened today, 1st November 2023 at 12 noon, when a truck coming from Kyrdem area and carrying a Puhshilum vehicle overturned near a bridge. Umket Bridge near the Umtung River and the overturning of this truck has caused problems to the people in coming and going as they can no longer walk on this road which has been blocked due to the overturning of this truck.
The Government of Meghalaya needs to resolve this issue urgently as it will assist in the negotiations to resolve the border issue with Assam, as the previous Boundary Commissions have failed to recognize the land titles of the children of Assam. thousand, Raid Dorbars and Hima Dorbars at the time of determining the boundary.
The meeting was organized by the steering committee led by Prof. Nirmalendu Saha and Prof. Bhagirathi Panda, Honorary Director, Indian Council of Social Sciences and Research, NEHU. They are happy to receive this visit and look forward to receiving many benefits from this visit to Japan.
To be attended by the Vice Chancellor of Universities, Heads of Colleges, State Government officers and others.
Bah Synrem said that they cannot say that as soon as the new EC came, the EMs of Trade and Labor have taken some action and there are others who are trying to do better, but unfortunately there are still many jobs. in the house of Pisa and in the house of Shuki.
Malthus S. Sangma, MCS, Director, IPR, Meghalaya acknowledged the role of the media in political and social affairs today as it is the protector of the light of public administration.
With this increase in the salaries of teachers, the state government now has to spend Rs 40 crore per annum for these teachers.
Shillong, November 30: BSF troops and Special Operation Team on receiving a tip on the movement of GNLA members in Phodkroh area raided the area and arrested two members of this organization including a woman.
Finally, the snap Paka through Bah Nang-oo Sari would like to express its gratitude to all those who have helped to organize this successful Khasi Traditional Costume Competition I would like to thank all the participants, sponsors and especially the Khasi Students' Union for their support to the Snap Paka Traditional Khasi Costume Competition.
The Speaker of the House, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, after the Question Hour, said that 21 questions were received and 15 questions were answered by the EC. the figure was 71.42%.
COMSO has also written on its cards to protest against the Governor's failure to sign the Meghalaya Residence Safety and Security Ordinance which the government has sent to him.
All the injured were taken to the hospital by Ambulance
The new members of KSU Barato Unit are Samla Ehboklang Sten President, Titos Shadap Vice President, Ready Shadap General Secretary, Pynshongdor Sten Asst GS, Pynkyrhai Sten Organizing Secretary, C.Tyngkan Sport Secretary, Nihun Sten Finance Secretary, Education Secretary Marki Pala , Thrangmynsien Tmung as Advider and about 14 members.
Charles Marngar said that the Chief Minister has not responded to the incident and the Minister of Home Affairs has phoned him but he has not said anything. He alleged that only the people of Meghalaya have been arrested and not the people of Assam while something happened on the border.
During the meeting, the Chairman agreed with the explanation of John F Kharshiing and said that the agreement and promises are closely in line with the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement of Jammu & Kashimir.
According to the World Economic Forum (WEF), plastic can improve the quality of roads both in hot and cold areas. The number of holes that have been able to enter the water will last three times longer than the usual cleaning method and this will also reduce the cost of the colour.
He said that the CAB should be taken to the Supreme Court for hearing as it is against the Constitution of India.
In the past few days, the people in my constituency have sent pictures of vehicles that have overturned,” said Bah Marngar.
The Constitution imposes sacred duties on all parts of the country to understand the aspirations of all people.
They were called today to confirm that they have signed the letter and today they were sent to sign again before me to confirm that they have signed the letter and according to the 10th Amendment Act they have been able to provide. According to the law, they have provided but there are still some issues that need to be considered before taking a decision.
The curfew will be restored from 7.00 pm in these areas until further notice, said the District Magistrate in a statement issued this evening.
The Prime Minister will unfurl the flag of India and also address the people.
The Government of Meghalaya has also set a target to complete the delivery of the Jal Jeevan Mission before the end of the Central Government's deadline of October,
We have seen that the police have arrested members of the party in forty ways and have been accused of involvement without any grounds.
Shillong, Iaiong 26: The FKJGP today met with the Minister of Power, James K Sangma on four issues that affect the people of the state in many ways.
In terms of income, it shows that India loses about 1% of its GDP every year due to diseases and premature deaths due to tobacco use.
The KSU has nothing to say about these people but the question is why they did not inform the police and the SDO of Sohra Civil Sub Division where the government should have left. them in a proper manner why not just carry them in trucks.
The Naga police do not hesitate whenever the Assam police try to cross the border, but the Naga police do not hesitate because they understand that they should not lose their land.
The percentage is 100%.
The state as of now has a demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and the people who demand this have staged protests but the government has stood firm to do so. The government has informed the public about this through the media.
He also stressed the need to protect wildlife from illegal trade, requested to protect them. On this occasion, there were also school children and students from colleges. He said that there is a need to plant trees in schools and villages.
The president of the party, Bah Tyllilang Myrthong and Bah Disparsing Rani, the party's strategist, were witnesses to the signing of the agreement.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has issued this order with immediate effect.
The Government has also worked hard to bring together farmers and set up Farmer Cooperatives or Farmer Producer Organizations (FPOs) across the state and now there are more than 350 groups. has been created in the last three years.
With this visit to join the PDF, it has been confirmed that Bah Hamlet Dohling will contest from the PDF party in the MLA election to be held in 2018 to the Legislative Assembly.
“Of course we have a plan to create more blocks in the state,” said Prestone Tynsong.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) in a statement today expressed its opposition to the ownership of the rights of some leaders by some leaders, and the Union itself demands that all vehicles or equipment The words “contributed, honoured, donated by him or her” shall be deleted completely and instead of this word shall be written only the name. the Scheme for example Under MLA Scheme.
At the meeting, the Dean of Students' Welfare, Prof. RL Nongkhlaw, informed about the University's efforts to contact the victim through his relatives.
He said that the union hopes that many Grandmasters will come to take part in this tournament.
From time to time it is heard that these people have been paid by Hindu religious groups.
The Government has allocated T.50 crore for the maintenance of forests out of which T.15 crore has already been released. The Nokma Council and the villagers have been urged to cooperate in this regard.
On the other hand, Mawhati MDC Bah James Sylliang said that the people of Mawhati have empowered me to work and look after the problems of the people. It is my duty to look after the problems of the people.
It may be recalled that the first meeting was held in New Delhi on 20th June,
What they want is for this girl to get a fair trial.
Shillong, Naitung 07: Speaking on the issue of uranium, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said, “I have already spoken to the political department. and they are responsible.
The BSF arrested the driver of the truck, Tapal Nama Das and his follower, Raju Deb Barma.
He said the government's intention to set up the Board and fully implement the Act is to curb the spread of drugs in the state and to eradicate this illegal beverage. which affects many young people and has corrupted the whole society.
In recent years, the Government has encouraged the cultivation of agricultural products other than cereals such as shana dai and oilseed, and Nutri-cereals/Shree Anna, by providing a higher MSP than for these products.
Shillong, November 28: The Army will hold a five-day recruitment exercise in Guwahati for Group 'Y' non-mechanics from 10th March 1st to November 15th.
The Muaythai Association of Meghalaya (MMA) has welcomed the boys and girls who took part in the National United Muaythai Championship held at the All Assam Armatuer Muaythai Championship 2024 at Laxmibai Institute Physical Tapesia. , AssamThe welcome ceremony held at Demseniong, Shillong on July 15, 2024 was attended by the leaders of the Muaythai Association of Meghalaya and other invitees.
The university, which was named after the first Chief Minister of Meghalaya, started as a Technical University, opening courses in various fields.
In Meghalaya, these pipelines will pass through four districts, Ri Bhoi, East Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills and East Jaintia Hills District and from here it will reach Assam, Silchar and then to Mizoram and Tripura. .
Shillong, November 26: Leaders of the BJP from East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills Districts have said that they are against the proposal to remove the State President of the party, Bah Ernest Mawri by some opponents.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Government today has decided to distribute food items to those households who are happy to stay at home due to the COVID-19 pandemic. -19 positive.
"The Assam Rifles Public School has been selected as the Khelo India Sports School because of its excellence in education and sports, availability of accommodation, availability of space to develop the needs related to sports. sports and the desire to promote the Olympic Games within the partnership between the Ministry of Sports and the Ministry of Defense of the Federal Government.
Shillong, November 31: Speaking on the occasion of the 157th death anniversary of Kiangnangbah at the Civil Hospital Shillong, Dr Bilain C Lamare, President of the Sein Jaintia Women's Wing, Shillong, on Tuesday said that Kiangnangbah may have been a woman. The first Myrtle of India in the struggle for independence from the British.
Perhaps the events we have experienced because of the Covid-19 pandemic have taught us in many ways.
Other allegations that led the KHADC to remove the Syiem are that he tried to arrange the land without consulting them and this has caused problems to the people and at the same time he tried to to appoint Rangbah Shnong without being summoned by the dorbar and dismissed without notice and many other reasons.
Jitendra Director of BLT, said that Dr Moallen's allegation against the owner of the house is wrong, but it was the owners of the house who came to disturb by shooting and beating their opponent inside the room. that they are valid.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Members of the JSU have taken to the streets to protest against the increase in the price of petrol: Members of the JSU have taken to the streets to flag vehicles. to show their solidarity and support to the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee of Commercial Vehicles (MCV) on the indefinite strike due to the government's increase in the price of petrol. Government on the increase in the price of petrol and diesel in the state.
All the nurses who attended the training were 50 nurses from different hospitals like Nazareth, NEIGRIHMS and Downtown Hospitals. and to protect patients.
Every youth of the country is a VIP in front of me,” he said.
Shillong, March 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the construction of a 50 bed hospital at Umniangbyrnai Parila, Umsning in the presence of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Roshan Warjri. , Minister of Water Resources Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, MLA of the constituency and Parliamentary Secretary, Tourism Bah Kennedy C Khyriem.
He said that the celebration of this day will not be meaningful if the destruction of forests cannot be eliminated. the dryness of the water.
Besides many events, he recalled that the club has brought many successes in sports such as football, and is also involved in organizing sports events in the village.
The following is the subsidy granted by the Central Government to the factories that have received the benefits.
The pollution of the air is caused by the pollution of the water bodies, the pum pum and the smoke that rise into the sky and threaten all living things.
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council, Mawlai Circle, is committed to increasing employment, employment and income generation in the state especially for the indigenous people.
The police outposts in Jaintia Hills on the border with Assam have been in dire straits as five liters of petrol per day will not be enough for the police to patrol. they cannot overcome any difficulty.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare also congratulated the National Health Mission, Malaria District, East Khasi Hills District, as well as others who took part in this World Day celebration. Malaria Day Ka State.
For example, the slam dunk is 3 points, not 2 as usual, 2-point baskets in the last three minutes will be 8 points.
Shillong, March 02: Khadsawphra College, Mairang has celebrated the Swachh Bharat Campaign on 30th September Swachh Bharat Day will be celebrated on Sunday 2nd of this month.
We will have to do this on the advice of IIT," he said.
The SSC has already conducted the examination on 21st June 2013 for Tier I, on 19th June 2013 for Tier 2 and for Tier 3 in April
The meeting will be opened by the Union Minister of State for Agriculture and Food and Civil Supplies Sharad Pawar. Public Distribution All the Ministers of the State Governments will also attend the meeting.
The JSU has demanded that all these posts should be sent to the DSC within the next few days so that the DSC can take action. need.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today launched a Sier Lapalang Operation (SLO) in Umiam area where there are more than 20 factories.
Shillong, July 14: The Principal of Mohan Massar UP School, Mawprem, Grace M Lyngdoh, in her speech at the inauguration of the new school building funded by the Round Table India, urged the meeting to The MLA and the MDC to support this school.
About 30 students attended the training.
Replying to a question on the claim by one of the UDP supporters that the Congress party had a hand in the victory, Bah Pius denied this. He said there is no such thing and the Congress party has its own candidate.
In a statement issued by the President of the Union, Hambertus Nongtdu, he said that the National Highway-6 from Soomer to Malidor has been severely damaged. parts.
Shillong, Nailur 03: After Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA and MDC of the KHNAM party sent a letter to the party resigning as the Working President of the CEC, the party has sent a letter to the party to him since 23/7/18, and it has been explained before the union his desire to resign from his current position and the union requests that when he turns around and thinks and to withdraw this letter of resignation so that they can continue to fulfill many of the issues of the people and the nation.
Others who attended the function were AICC Secretary Sanjay Bapna, AICC CWC Member, Chief Adviser to the Government of Meghalaya, Dr DD Lapang, MPCC Working President Deborah Marak, GHADC. CEM, PK Sangma, GHADC Deputy CEM Brigady Marak, and other government officials.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, said that he will take the lead in bringing about clean governance through a thorough and inclusive process.
At this meeting, he recalled what his father PA Sangma used to say “Serve the people, not the money”. Media, however, did not respond.
Choudhury died in 1994 at the age of 51 years.
At present, there are about 600 large and small commercial vehicles coming to the state to visit the tourist attractions in the state.
This year alone, the seizure of cows from the border of Meghalaya has reached 3000 cows.
Under Article 10 of the Act, it states that if a Khasi woman marries a non-Khasi, even if she marries the mother, the children are Khasi.
Members of the Meghalaya College Teachers Association, who are the groups of college teachers who boycotted the order, carried placards to condemn the VC for his failure to call for talks. The implementation of the NEP syllabus from 2023 has created a lot of problems for the students due to the misunderstanding between Nehu and the college teachers.
The residents of Khyndailad to go to the court, have complained that the four vehicles known as the Shillong Supplement Transport Service belonging to the government have turned into bread stalls in the parking lot of the opposition. of the State Bank of India.
At this meeting, they reached an agreement to work together and from now on they will continue to work together and continue what the previous leaders have started.
It should be noted that the spread of COVID-19 is a disaster declared by the Central Government under the Disaster Management Act, 2005 of sections (j) and (k) of section (2) of the Disaster Management Act, Article 38 of the 2005 DMA.
Therefore, the union understands that if the paradoh para snam do not own the shop that belongs to them, they should immediately stop employing the Dkhars who help to sell the shop and if it is really their shop, they should immediately stop employing the Dkhars. Don't be afraid to appoint a manager for Khasi.
What is important at this time is that it is time for the Government of India to fulfill its promises by clearly expressing the agreements and commitments under the IOA & AA in a separate Article in the Constitution of India, such as It shall not be subject to the provisions of the Constitution of India, but shall not be subject to the provisions of the Constitution of India. shall not be subject to the Sixth Schedule.
The fourth is what the MDCs of Garo Hills want and urge their leader to extend for their benefit.
Not only that, the AAY rice which should have been 35 kilos for the farmers has been counted to 10 kilos while the farmers have received only 25 kilos. to the DC's office to take action against this violence, according to the law.
This behavior of these leaders by some of the MLAs, MDCs has destroyed the trust of many churches especially the people and the state as a whole where the people of the state have elected them. They shall be the legislators who shall look after the welfare of the people, the development of the economy, the bringing about of a clean and transparent governance, the welfare of the poor and the poor.
Phan Nonglait was born in 1799 and died on 6th November 1850 at the age of
Regarding the construction of the gate at Sabuda village by Assam, when the complaint was lodged, Assam said it should be signed. they don't.
All these are based on the lunar calendar and the five-day market calendar of the Khasi, which has been found to be closely related to the Gregorian Calendar used in the world.
Therefore, the union said after publishing this news that if the department does not maintain properly on the part of the unit in collaboration with the authorities in charge of the unit and especially with the people of this area They cannot go to the relevant authorities to demand proper repairs for the benefit of the people of this area.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the officer of the department urged the staff to deliver the new transformer as soon as possible so that it will not cause any problems to the residents. .
They were identified as Benjamin Diengdoh of Pynursla, Sangti Janai Shianglong of Mylliem, Glenys Godfrey Lynrah of Mylliem, Iohborlang Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi of Nongpoh, Fairlystar Suting of Pahamsyiem, Shankerlang Kshiar of Sohryngkhamkham. , Bankyrsan Syiemlieh of Mawsynram and Henry Ford Nongneng of Umran.
During the meeting, they agreed to start from seven areas, Tarabari, Gizang, Hahim, Boklapara, Khanapara-Pilangata and Ratacherra. you're talking to each other.
The District authorities have come forward to support such games and by holding songs, this has also helped to convey information to the public, said the CEO. Hundreds of people stopped to listen and watch the performance in Nongbah and Umsning by members of RedFm RJ Ray and this performance has been going on for about two months.
Shillong, Lber 23: A meeting was held with Australian officials including Mr. Jack Taylor, Second Secretary (Political), Australian High Commission, Delhi, Mr. Daniel Sim, Deputy Consul General, Kolkata, at the Impulse NGO Network office, Shillong on 22nd March
It has worked to make Meghalaya a strong state,” said the Minister, adding that this region is important to the Government.
Shillong, Lber 04: According to the National Education Act, 2019, the number of students in Upper Primary Schools should be 30 students. teacher per school, 35 students per teacher in Lower Primary School.
The union expresses its concern over the inability of the council to improve the collection, storage and use of public money.
Meghalaya has its own ethnic groups, Khasi, Garo and Pnar and this state has a beautiful nature, even among them Meghalaya is the most beautiful state. state with the highest number of female deaths, the special budget for 2020 has been designed to address this issue.
The meeting was held at Khasi Pnar Secondary School, Bakur, Dawki and also elected the office bearers of the Riwar Regional Unit, Dawki.
15,000 kilos of sugarcane was seized. At this time, unidentified persons who were hiding in the forest threw stones at the BSF while they were searching for the weapons. No one was injured in the incident.
This area is also one of the hotbeds of drug users and many incidents of robbery happen from time to time.
On the night of 23rd June, 2024, a man named Bah Amison Muruh, 35 years old from Umtasor village, was stabbed to death by a knife. until he was seriously injured and died from this earth.
When the Speaker invites the members of the House to take a decision, those who support the withdrawal shall give their approval by saying “Yes” and those who oppose shall say “Yes” ".
The MCA will conduct selection-cum-preparatory camps before the U-23 tournaments one month prior to the start date and, in the meantime, the players have been advised to stay fit in practice and training and to update the MCA on their progress.
Robi Maring scored the two goals in the 62nd minute and Andy Suting in the 70th minute in the second half of the Shillong Sports Association.
In this regard, the Ministry of AYUSH has set special dates for the Central Government Departments to participate in the celebration of the International Day of Yoga by conducting yoga programs based on the Commons. Yoga Protocol (CYP) and also to conduct various programmes.
We believe that this is just the beginning of AMRIT KAAL for a self-sufficient and self-reliant India.
This is also the second time that these Pukni have come along the road on the road to Demthring village, which is only a few kilometers from Jowai on the other side of the Myntdu River. you're shot.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, C Kharkongor, on Tuesday said that on receiving a tip that there is a collapse of uranium waste dumps in Domiasait area, to the police yesterday to investigate.
The MPSEU has also sent a letter to the Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang, saying that as teachers who teach in schools with disabilities appointed in 2017 since the implementation of this scheme, The scheme has been implemented since 2009-2
Meanwhile, Kong Ampareen stressed on the difficulty of connecting the railway line due to the lack of plain land and most of the areas are hilly areas.
General Secretary – Jersom Shylla, Assistant  General Secretary – Besterwell Dkhar, Finance Secretary, Deibha Y SyngkonOrganising Secretary, Yoosar Kynjing Assistant  Organizing Secretary  Tnebha Phawa, Education Secretary Request Pakma Asstt.
n>.
Doctors who attended the fair were from Nongstoin and Shillong.
“Polling in Phase-1 of the Lok Sabha elections will be held in 102 constituencies across India from 7 am and will end at 4 pm.
He said the need for a new Parliament has been discussed for decades and it is necessary to build it.
On the other hand, the Secretary Shnong said that the loss of agriculture and households has been severe during the cold weather in Lumkyllang area.
Speaking to reporters, Bah A Dkhar said that the employees of MeECL have been serving for many years in all the offices and it is time for them to get what they deserve. They request the authorities to talk to them and they want to resolve this issue.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: A discussion on the issue of residents outside the Shillong Municipal boundary regarding the rules and regulations of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) was held today between the Government of Meghalaya, the Ministry of Urban Development (MUDA). the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH).
The increase in the number of students passing the Higher Secondary Board Examinations this year has created many jobs in the field of Under Graduate education.
According to the results, Sherwood Secondary School has been ranked first, third and sixth.
The total number of voters in the State is 22,26,567 of whom 10,99,517 are males, 11,27,047 are females and 3 are third gender.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has nothing to do with the MDC elections in Meghalaya.
Shulai said that Dr Fenella has been introducing herself to the people all over the Khasi Hills for 10 years.
“If we want to end the problems of the jaidbynriew, there is no other way except if Hynniewtrep really gets the supreme power or that “SOVEREIGNTY” which will not free our country from social, economic and governance oppression.
The Meghalaya government has violated the human rights of every human being by using the Meghalaya Preventive Detention Act (MPDA). ), 1995 and  Meghalaya Maintenance of Public Order Act (MMPO).
He is said to be between 55 and 60 years old, wearing Khaki canvas shoes, a blue pants and a gray shirt.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) and the North Eastern Hill University Students Union (NEHUSU) on Tuesday gave 10 days to the State Government to release the scholarships for the year -23.
In the announcement of the National Education Policy 2020 and in order to simplify the rules, the UGC has appointed a team of experts to review and amend the rules.
On the other hand, the Seng has also witnessed the increase in electricity bill by MEeCL in the making of electricity bill through a complaint received from the residents who showed evidence that The light is not on.
Furthermore, the union would like to suggest to the government to provide for the needs of the people of Umkdait as it has done elsewhere.
On the occasion of the 71st Anniversary of the adoption of the Constitution, the Chief Secretary to the State Government, MS Rao, read out the Maitphang of the Constitution in the presence of others. officers of the state government.
The Seng says this not to bring about ethnic differences but as God the Creator has divided the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo into their own customs and traditions. There are their own Autonomous District Councils and let everyone judge better their own customs and traditions without wanting to interfere with those of others, because this is the life and death of every small nation. crowd.
Also present on the occasion were MLA Gavin Miguel Mylliem, Samlin Malngniang and Wailad Shylla.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: To commemorate the 54 elderly people from Ri Bhoi who were imprisoned in the struggle for the independence of the state, a Mawnot has been erected at Thad village in Ri Bhoi District. Vincent H Pala MP of the Lok Sabha.
The KSU NEHU Unit and the KSU Education Cell also expressed their regret over the delay in announcing the dates for the examination regarding the backlog papers of the students in different semesters.
Shillong, Iaiong 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today said that the police are investigating the murder of a man and are searching for those involved in the murder of a man.
Khliehriat, Nailar 29: The Shlemirnia on the theme 'Life of the Language, Life of the Nation' was organized by Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat on 25th August, Article 10 of the Constitution of India.
Police are conducting a post mortem to find out the cause of the death of the child. Police are investigating the incident.
On this occasion, he said that the party is deeply concerned that it has included this issue in its manifesto in the last election Assembly.
Shillong, Lber 07: U Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, in reply to a special question in the Legislative Assembly today, said, “Of course I am the Home Minister, but I am not the Home Minister. it's you ksew ap".
Christmas is for everyone.
The Employment Monitoring Cell of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday demanded that the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) should allow special allowance for Khasi students who apply for Grade-B non-teaching posts. and C that NEHU has just graduated.
Lieutenant General RS Panwar, Sena Medal, Vishisht Seva Medal, GOC 101 Area and other officers of the Army today held a memorial service for the soldiers who sacrificed their country in the Pakistan war. in 1971 and this day is commemorated as Vijay Diwas.
The UDP has welcomed the statement of HSPDP President Ardent Basiawmoit, as it appeared in the media that the party will also support the NC led by the opposition.
The union also demands that the Education Department of the State Government should increase the number of Examination Centers in the State at all District Headquarters for the safety and security of the students of the State.
The body of the Archbishop from Guwahati Airport, besides the family members and priests, was also attended by political party leaders from Meghalaya including the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Mr. Lambor Malangniang, Mr. Himalayas, Dr. Amparren Lyngdoh.
Regarding the discrimination against women, this shows that the government has not been able to address the crimes in which the MLA in the government has been accused.
On the other hand, the KSU will hold many protests while these demands are not met.
Therefore, that the Chief Minister of the State, has said these words, has put us in great surprise.
The meeting was held today when the supporters of the Congress party from Nongpoh Constituency wanted to clarify the news.
13.25% (census 2022) of households are headed by women.
Shillong, June 12: Fourteen members of the Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides Fellowship have returned home after participating in the meeting of the Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides Fellowship. The National Gathering of Scouts and Guides Fellowship was held at Bodh Gaya, Patna, which started on the 7th and ended on the 9th of this month. Malaysia.
The ceremony was attended by Brig Sudhir Kumar Jha, YSM, Commandant of the Assam Regimental Centre.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: To ensure that the MLA elections in the state in 2018 will be transparent and smooth, the Election Commission of India (ECI) has appointed a State Level Media Certification. (SLMC) and the Monitoring Committee (MC) and the Chief Electoral Officer, Meghalaya shall be the Chairman.
On the other hand, the KSU has made it clear that if the government cannot stop the cement companies, they will have to take another path. take responsibility.
Many of the residents have expressed to the Magistrates that the market should have been reopened with the strengthening of the security forces because many of the owners of the goods have known that they are no longer available because it has been three days. the time of entering Iewduh.
Speaking on the allocation of ADCs by the Indian government to the ADCs in the state, Martle said the MDA government is a child government because it wants to eat everything and does not know anything. and they fought without knowing it.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister distributed laptops to the students who have passed the SSLC and HSLC examinations in
Other dignitaries who attended the ceremony, including Bah Alphonsius Khonglah who was a teacher, gave a speech of encouragement to the new office bearers of the party to maintain their dignity and to work honestly. to the work.
That, Hindus had to leave and were not allowed to practice their religion in the state.
Shillong, Iaiong 30: U AT Mondal, Minister in charge of the Supply Department, today said that the increasing number of power outages in the state and Shillong is due to maintenance in the state.
This condolence message is sent to the husband, children, brothers and sisters and family members of Bah SK Sunn MLA and Chief Engineer of the Water Supply Department.
The union recalls that on 5th June 2018, it had sent a letter to the state government to strongly oppose any proposal to mine uranium. Long ,that the government will not go ahead with this issue.
Shillong, March 12: U Bah Starwin Kharjana President of the Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA) on Tuesday said that for six months since 01 June 2017, they have not received the food allowance of T.500/-. they should be available monthly.
On this occasion, a cake was also cut to mark the first anniversary of KSU Mawkasiang Unit.
Jowai, Nailar 10: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Namdong Unit today visited 6 students who are under quarantine and the union has also donated 10 bags of rice to these 6 students. quarantine facility at Mukhnang SSA LP School.
Shillong, Naitung 27: U Bah GG Kharraswai, Leader of the All Mawsynram Constituency People's Conference (AMCPC), on Tuesday said that the collapse of the road at Mawshun, Wahmawlangdiar has affected the residents of Wahmawlangdiar. now the vehicles that run are only small.
“For the first time the government is taking this culture of us forward where funds will be provided every three months for this particular purpose," he said.
Currently, people need to complete the KYC process which means they have to visit points of sale and carry their identity documents to get the numbers Your mobile phone cannot be switched from Prepaid to Postpaid or from Postpaid to Prepaid.
The movement of freight trains was monitored by senior officers of the Railway Department.
Shillong, Lber 29: The SDO of Sohra Civil Sub Division has enforced Section 144 CrPC in Ichamati area to curb the clashes in the village where two people were shot dead by robbers. is not yet known.
In a statement, the BSF Meghalaya said, “On 11th June, 2024, at about 12:05 pm, BSF troops patrolling on the Indo-Bangladesh border at Hawaitila saw a a man who was about to go to the Lakroh River, which is near the border.
The residents of the area are now in darkness because they don't know what's going on, until the government authorities in charge of this road have stopped smoking. pay road taxes, until vehicles from the largest to the smallest are no longer allowed to pass through this road,” said Bah Kyrshan Dkhar.
Other speakers at the meeting were Balen Thubru President Trucks, Bastarwell Bareh and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today inaugurated the 10th Anniversary of Mawpat Presbyterian Secondary School.
The Chief Minister, Dr Dr. Mukul Sangma, took the salute at the training ground of the 1MLP Battalion at Mawiong, in the presence of the Cabinet, Parliamentary Secretaries, officers and officials. families of these young people who have completed this training.
Referring to the incident in Ichamati, the Prime Minister said that once the report is received, all the facts will be known. the meeting was held.
Before the Parliament of India passed the CAB, various political parties in the North East had held protests against the CAB. On this basis, NESO has declared this day as a dark day.
Services won the Best Team title, Akash won the Best Boxer title and SSCB coach Jai Patil won the Best Coach title.
Let us hope that the regions involved in the conflict will find a way to peace to resolve these conflicts.
When asked, he said, “Our visit to Delhi was at the end of the (term) of the Government.
Addressing the teachers, the Chief Minister said that there are many reasons for the struggle for promotion to higher ranks. from these problems.
The visit was conducted under the auspices of the Textile Department, Government of Meghalaya with the aim of looking after the traditional textile industry of Meghalaya.
The assistance includes to the villages, labourers, day laborers as well as truck drivers stranded at the border areas.
Lamphrang Warbah, General Secretary, HYC Mawlai Unit.
The difference in the previous method of syang is that people who have difficulty in syang have to endure the syang and this ICAR training is syang free and cleanliness is also available because it is inside the pajwa.
The Seng does not want to criticize the performance of the health workers in the district as we have seen that the health department in the district is still too short in terms of staff compared to other districts.
Due to the lack of rooms, the examination was held in two parts, one group wrote from 10.00 am to 12.00 pm and one group wrote from 2.00 pm to 4.00 pm. .
The event was organized by the CPSE of DoNER, NEHHDC.
Shillong, July 27: Police in West Garo Hills District have seized T.14,90,900 worth of cash and 9 liters of liquor worth T.3912 tyngka. .
and the House of Commons (INC),1
The incident took place at Bugalmari, about 10 km from Dudnoi.
On Twitter, police said that they had seized a large quantity of kyiad, but it was not clear whether they had arrested the smugglers of kyiad phareng and kyiad pyrsi from the area.
He said that elections cannot be held according to democracy if people cannot participate fully and vote freely.
Through the NEP, IIM Shillong has adopted measures in line with its beliefs such as multidisciplinary education, multidisciplinary training, collaboration between educational institutions and workplaces and others.
The union feels that it is the duty of the management of NEHU Tura Campus to provide accommodation to the members of NEHUSU when they come to visit the campus and to learn for the betterment. the welfare of all the students of this university.
Shillong, Nailar 15: In all four parts of the state, the celebration of Independence Day was very successful with many people flocking to the places where the celebration was held. India gained independence from British rule 70 years ago.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said the Aspirational Block program will be successful because it has never been like this before and also because the people working for it are skilled in their work.
Kitborlang said it will now be up to the party meeting to decide whether the party will contest the mid-term MDC elections from the 26-langrin MDC constituency. He said that if the party nominates a candidate, if the party is still able to give the ticket from the party, he is ready to contest the mid-term MDC elections. 28th June
Shillong, Jymmang 2: The Meghalaya High Court today ruled that Bangladeshis who came to North East before 24th June 1971 should not be allowed to live in the North East. they are Indian citizens and should be allowed to vote.
Amyca is the daughter of Bah Klaspar Hahshah and she graduated from SSLC from Seven Set Higher Secondary School Shillong with 563 marks. with distinction in all subjects with 100 marks in Science and Technology.
“Government listen to the voice of the people and implement the ILP, otherwise a terrible fire will burn in the state and if that happens the government itself will have to take responsibility,” said the KSU leader. “If the government continues to slow down and command, the Sengbhalang will continue with the protests and will continue to intensify the protests until the government hears with its own ears and until it agrees to The implementation of the ILP is not only the demand of the political parties but the voice of the people of the state as a whole.
Shillong, July 05: Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Ri Bhoi District today raised the flag in front of the Union Minister of Agriculture, Narendra Singh Tomar during his visit to the College of Agriculture at Kyrdemkulai. Ri Bhoi District.
Jowai, Naitung 17: The Behdeinkhlam festival of the Rait Turber has ended today with the offering of Rot ha Biar by 65 villages of the Raid Tuber. they came to take part.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: NEHUSU today after receiving a complaint from a student and also on the incident of a student who should have gone to participate as a representative of NEHU in the inter university football tournament The Asst Director of Sports of NEHU Nantu Das will leave for Shillong on the 23rd of this month.
What they know is still limited to the speech of the chief minister in the state assembly and there are issues that they are yet to resolve.
Police have recovered a mobile phone from Rahul and are conducting investigation into the robbery of coal trucks on the highway.
Shillong, Nailur 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today convened a meeting of the Regional Committees on the border issue. report to the Regional Committee.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 248 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 104 from East Khasi Hills and 77 from West Khasi Hills. There are 1952 people in the country.
He said that many of the traditional dances have begun to disappear, but at this festival which will be held on the 25th and 26th of this month they will be performed to the public.
The Deputy Chairman of the Planning Commission of India said that the Meghalaya government should take more action in changing the management of education.
He said that as of now, the NCP in Meghalaya has faced a difficult situation in which many of its members have left and joined the NPP led by U.S. Full A Branch.
Shillong, March 02: U Bah Roberjune Kharjahrin General Secretary of NEFIP, Bah Roberjune Kharjahrin, on Tuesday said that due to the inconvenience of using sound equipment near the hospital, it has been decided to move the additional building to the parking lot. Secretariat.
The three candidates for the mid - term MDC election are Edarstar Lyngdoh Nongbri from Nongkrem , Bankhraw Singh Kharbuli and Pyndapbor Lyngdoh Marshillong to respect and remain within the party.
NEIGHRIHMS has sent the body back to Bethany Hospital for post mortem according to the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Modi said the best leader for this decision is the Parliament of India.
There are also portraits of Mahatma Gandhi painted in a way to appeal to the human mind, painted by D Henpilen, Arripagos Manner and Venus Batyngkan Hynniewta.
Earlier, the Minister visited the stalls set up at the venue.
Shillong, Lber 22: Agatha K Sangma of the NPP has filed her nomination for the 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency. Mukul Sangma of the Congress will file his nomination on the 25th of this month.
Earlier, Bah Skhemlong said that the intention and action of the Rupang committee deserves to be commended.
There are 81 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 36 in West Garo Hills, 19 in Ri Bhoi, 5 in West Jaintia Hills and 4 in Eastern West Khasi Hills. COVID-19 tests have been conducted in 10 districts in the state.
In 2009, Agatha won the Lok Sabha elections until
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima has canceled the Dorbar Shnong scheduled to be held today.
To strengthen the 10-year process of the Indo-Bangladesh Protocol, Mandaviya also informed the House that a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) was signed between India and Bangladesh on June, 2017 for the development of the Sirajganj-Daikhowa road of the Jamuna River and the Ashuganj-Zakiganj road of the Kushiyara River in Bangladesh.
“The GSI will have to conduct a thorough investigation and collect information on the areas where landslides are most frequent," she added.
In his speech, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government is clear that it wants to develop the state as a developed country and the state is now moving towards that. do not take the initiative in any field.
When asked whether any of the BJP MLAs have any intention to leave the Congress party and join other parties, he said that all the MLAs and MDCs of the Congress party are united. .
Work should be done on water conservation, crop irrigation, rainwater harvesting, seawater or wastewater treatment, and Per Drop, More Crop Micro Irrigation for farmers. .
The Minister said that the central government is very concerned about crimes against women and children. , 2012 has protected against violence against women and children.
The celebration of this day should remember that the farmers are the breadwinners of the state.
Regarding the efforts of the District Council to ban the use of plastic bags, he said that the office will continue to conduct inspections and if found to be selling plastic bags, they will be banned. Trading Licenses of foreign shops will also be revoked.
Sunil Dahia, South Asia Analyst at CREA, said that the air quality of more than 75 percent of the days in 227 cities in 2023 has been assessed.
Therefore, the presence of only one bank makes it difficult for the people of this area to withdraw money if they need it urgently.
The event will be held at the Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre, Quinton Road, Shillong.
The parking lot known as Stand Jaiaw has already been demolished and after the demolition it has caused traffic jam along the Mawkhar village road and this strike has delayed the completion of the construction. work.
It is now understood that the government has reached the point where it has raised its hand that the MCCL can no longer be run. “It's the leaders who should choose one of them,” said Bah Titos.
Shillong, March 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Saturday visited the Pandals of Durga Puja in Shillong in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong. That Swamp.
The MDCs shall have the District Council to pass Acts, to repeal and amend the ADC Acts iv.
Shillong, July 13: After many years of social anxiety, peace and order has returned and everything has started to go back to normal.
The distribution of medicines was conducted in the border villages between the two countries as many of the residents living on the border do not have access to adequate health facilities.
This is according to a statement sent by the President and General Secretary of the KSU, Bah Lambok S. Marngar and Bah Donald V Thabah.
The union understands that as nurses they have to register with any nursing council whether in Meghalaya or anywhere else , but when the Karuna Trust invites them to working as ANMs at the time of interview they did not ask for those certificates, but suddenly the job is unacceptable.
The BAC has taken this decision to give more time for private business, said the Deputy Speaker.
“Within the Khasi language there are many dialects such as War, Maram, Bhoi, the KHASI language is the mother tongue of these dialects.
It may be recalled that Pyndengumiong village, which includes seven villages, namely Dongbir, Donggate, Lummaralong, Lumiew, Langstiehrim and Umwiehsup, has been declared a containment zone on 23rd November,
At the same time, he said that if anyone wishes to lodge a complaint, it does not mean that the office will accept or reject the complaint against any person. The office shall accept that if it finds that it is unfounded, it shall not be accepted.
This is the reason why the recommendations of the UK&JHADC Commission dated 15th February 1957 have not been implemented.
Shillong, Naitung 24: Union Home Minister Amit Shah today met with the civil society groups in Meghalaya to listen to their views on what they have to express before the government. the Minister of the Union Government.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) today launched a book on how to curb the illegal entry of people into the state.
This pollution of the river will affect the environment and will affect the drinking water supply and this will affect the people who use the water from this river and will also affect the health of the people who use it. and the water of this river.
Shillong, Nailur 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday visited several Durga Puja places in Shillong in the presence of the Minister of Road Construction, Martin. M Danggo during this visit.
This year, due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the festival will be held online on July 12 and 13,
Thus, this also prevents the inflow of illegal activities into the activities to attract voters.
The RPF later arrested two persons who owned the Ganja.
The maintenance of the road is only by lowering the damper in the middle of the road and building a JCB with only 4 or 5 contractors.
The central government officials who received the documents today are from the Regional Office Enforcement Directorate, Guwahati. the CBI investigation and the report found by the CBI.
Regarding the assistance given to the people who lost their lives due to the accident, it is painful to see that the state government has given only T. 20,000 to the dead and T.20,000 to the injured in the West Khasi Hills, while the central government has allocated T.2 lakh to the dead and T.50,000 to the injured.
According to the latest news, police arrested the KSU leader at 4 pm today from Mawlai.
We live in a free country without discrimination against anyone, we all have equal status with each other.
Police are still searching for the suspects.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that it is necessary to prevent and stop the entry of drugs and other intoxicants into Meghalaya at the Entry Points.
On the same day in Meghalaya, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, launched the SE Organic Bags. within a few months they will decompose and will not harm the environment.
“The Reservation Policy should be based on demography and that is why it is necessary to discuss this issue in the Legislative Assembly by convening a special session,” said Ardent.
However, from Nongspung, the vehicle stopped and two men inside the vehicle went out to talk to the rawon to release them but they were beaten.
We asked the Municipal whether this building is part of the Smart City Project, but they (Municipal) said no.
According to an RTI received by the JSM, Bah Leningstar Rymbai from the office of the Sub Divisional School Education Officer (SDSEO), Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District recently said that many teachers have been temporarily suspended. I don't have the approval of the higher authorities.
The party will monitor the outcome of this meeting and is ready to come forward to legislate its full support to demand the rights of our brothers and sisters.
However, it is expected that the results of those parties that have not been able to reach the goal of victory can be compared with the political situation in the state over the years.
The death toll from East Khasi Hills District has risen to 1405 with one death today from East Khasi Hills District. .
Don't be misled, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, you have already approved the Cabinet but you have not issued it through the Personnel Department as the Office Memorandum issued on 3rd June, 2022,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum. The complaint was lodged at Sadar Police Station.
Other office bearers are Bah Khraw Marbaniang Vice President, General Secretary Bah Remdor Wanroi, Publicity Secretary Bah Eddi Jyrwa and besides them 16 other office bearers of the party have been elected in this unit.
He also said that they should be working for the economy of the country and that they should avoid profiteering practices that harm the country.
The death toll has risen to 14, 7 from East Khasi Hills, 3 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from South Garo Hills, 1 from West Jaintia Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. The death toll has risen to 1062 so far.
He said that the example of the Syiem of Khadsawphra Hima, Pa'im Tirot Sing Syiem, before giving permission to the French to build the road, was held by the Dorbar Hima. The kingdom shall hold a council because the power lies in the people.
Later, in his address to the public, the Prime Minister expressed his pleasure to name the Ayodhyakum Airport in honor of Maharishi Valmiki.
He received his training in horticulture from Kalyani University, Kolkata.
At the meeting held at Ialong Dorbar Hall, Bah Erwin K Syiem Sutnga and Bah Raphael Warjri explained the purpose of the Union in protecting the traditional customs and traditions.
On the other hand, the KSU would like to express its special gratitude to the parents who have encouraged their children in the midst of their difficulties.
Speaking to reporters in the presence of the Principal of the school, Dr Prem Kashyap, Dasakhiatbha Lamare said that there are adequate schools in Dehradun. I can't call you at school.
He said that the Chief Secretary of the two sides has met to discuss the issue and the Meghalaya government has already sent letters to confirm its position. government to lands.
Shillong, Lber 22: The total number of cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to 29, of which 22 are in East Khasi Hills, 6 in Ri Bhoi and 1 in Ri Bhoi. in West Garo Hills District.
Members of the Saphai Unit include President Wompherki Kanai, General Secretary Edlis Suchen, Vice President P.Shadap, Assistant General Secretary Iaraplang Suchian, Finance Secretary Modesty Pasah, Organizing Secretary Tiplang Biam, Publicity Secretary Banroi Marpna and others. and 30 Executive Members.
" said Mr. Reachingson.
Bah Thomas Passah President of the Youth Wing of KHNAM said that they feel that the government should refrain from imposing sudden lockdowns without thinking about any village closures, as many of those who earn money are very poor. especially those that sell consumer goods.
On the other hand, Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, President FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle, asked what the Labor Inspectors appointed by the State Government are doing. There is something behind it because the people who have been empowered instead of being the enforcers to implement the laws passed by the government are only spectators.
Others who were present on the occasion were DC Parvin Bakshi and JD Sangma who has been serving as Director of Education and is now retired.
HANM is concerned and wants to take special attention regarding the border of the state and especially those who fall within the border of KHADC. The rest of the people on the border face problems from time to time.
Prestone said it is gratifying that all those who returned did not have any signs of illness and 14 of them were sent home for Home Quarantine. They have to quarantine for 14 days, a total of 28 days.
“In this regard, the Ministry of Education has prepared a Matrix and has submitted it to the State Government for approval and regulation of the payment of salaries to the employees according to the Meghalaya Fifth Pay Commission,” he said. he said.
RPF police after seeing a man walking up and down the Railway Station arrested and questioned him. After questioning, his name was revealed as Neeraj Kr.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, today said that the government has decided to postpone the examination scheduled to be held tomorrow and the next day. , which has been postponed to 11 and 12 July
Bah JA Lyngdoh has not joined the BJP alone but hundreds of his supporters have also joined the party.
Shillong, Iaiong 24: U MLA and MDC of Mawlai constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie on Tuesday inspected three roads in one day in the presence of the Executive Engineer of PWD, Bah C Kharmudai et al.
This will apply to all constituencies.
There are no volunteers there.
He said that in relation to the VRS and other schemes.
After the government realized that it could no longer fight against the KSU, it moved the MBOSE office to Lachaumiere, Shillong.
They are looking at new opportunities.
Participants included KAS members, writers, teachers from schools, colleges & universities, students and elders.
Many of the residents have asked whether the SMB wants to provide more land to build shops in the area and to reduce the parking space, while the Shillong government is still struggling to get parking space. This is the SMB location.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The traffic jam in Shillong these days has been excessive and the traffic police have decided that every Saturday will not be closed. Trucks will be allowed to enter Shillong from 7 pm to 10 pm.
Shillong, Lber 04: U Dr Azad Zaman, 47, Congress MLA from 47-Rajabala Constituency, passed away today suddenly due to a sudden stroke.
The MSOA has also directed the public to be of legal age to participate in such longer half marathons and urged not to involve too many children as they are still physically weak and not yet fit to participate in longer marathons.
: The mutka is not thep or bsuh with the hand in the mouth of the food.
The carrying of any firearms and weapons is strictly prohibited, only police, armed forces and the military are allowed.
North Koreans have to face blackouts every night because of the domestic power shortage.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister congratulated the people for a happy new year and increased income.
Speaking to reporters, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, C Lyngwa said that this is the highest number of arrests in East Khasi Hills this year.
The ADM said that she praises the KSU for seeing from time to time that the KSU stands up to protect the country from the invasion of the authorities. If you don't have a bhalang, the KSU of Ri Kan will be destroyed in many ways.
Bakshi said he had attended a meeting with the Airport Authority of India and the Bureau of Civil Aviation at Janpath Bhawan, New Delhi, in November this year to improve the facilities. work for this airport.
This was announced by the General Secretary of JSU Nongjngi.
Saihou CH Jagne, 30, from Sweden, Oh Juho, 25, from the Republic of Korea, and Saihou Jagne, 24, from Yemen.
In the Super D (MTB) category, Garry Azarul Umdor won the title, Abhishek Saikia came second and Ian D. Kupar came fourth.
E-commerce-related consumer complaints received at NCH have increased significantly.
Speaking after the meeting, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that on the basis of the reports received, the discussions have progressed in the last five and six months. to the places that are in the middle of the night.
According to Bah Pyniaid, the State Government through the Tourism Department has allocated T.4 crore to the KHADC for the festival while the KHADC will spend about T.50 lakh.
He said that the police should ensure that vehicles do not allow vehicles to turn in front of the former Guwahati High Court.
Ganesh Sahani of Royal scored 64 runs off 48 balls while Md Nafeez and Swarajeet took three wickets each.
It may be recalled that the FKS has sent a petition to recall the earlier article on the ILP and also to request for special protection in the Article in order to clarify the rights of the Khasi people.
On the occasion of the Youth Festival, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuki EM, who is also the CEM of KHADC, Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuki, also awarded the awards to the elders of the village. MDC of this area and the elders of this village.
It was a time when power was handed over by the British to the people of the country.
It was at this time that the BSF troops opened fire on the people.
As the Rangbah Shnong, the village officials of the area have met with the MLA of Khliehriat, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of the present government and requested him to help in the construction of this road. Shylla said that there are still many shortcomings in his area, but he will try to talk to the government, said Disphrim.
Speaking to reporters after the CEC meeting, KP Pangniang, President of the HSPDP, said that the meeting has decided that Para 12 (a)(b) should be amended. The word Governor should be replaced by the word Governor.
The financial assistance will be used to provide training for those organizations that will train others in various fields, to conduct seminars on income generation activities in the rural areas.
Speaking on the increase in tourist arrivals in the North East in the past 10 years, the Prime Minister said that although the beauty of the region has existed since before this, the number of tourists in the North East has increased. There is a lack of resources due to the bloodshed and the lack of resources due to the neglect of previous governments.
Therefore, even if the authorities have accepted male students, there is no intention to change the name of the college.
The MPHRC urges the government to investigate all the incidents of human rights violations that have happened in the past to ensure that they get a fair trial. .
Three of them are in Quarantine Center in Delhi and two of them are in Quarantine Center in Locknow, Uttar Pradesh.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that drinking milk helps to improve health. held at Yojana Bhavan Shillong.
At the same time, the KSU demands that the indigenous youth should be allowed for any job if the youth are fit.
The union leaders urged all the leaders to come together at 10 pm in front of the MeECL office at Lum Jingshai, according to a notice sent by Bah Mantiphrang Lyngdoh Kiri.
Shillong, Nailur 10: U Sanbor Shullai MLA of 19th Shillong South has convened a meeting recently to discuss the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in Shillong at Laban Indore Sports Stadium.
The party also sent a statement requesting the women of the jaid bynriew to come forward and join hands to strongly condemn the violence and violation of their rights as indigenous people.
He said that the payment of money is a provision for the violation of human rights and confirmed that there is indeed a violation of the fundamental rights of Bah Balawan granted by the Constitution. of India.
The breeding period of these Rihno is between 9 and 11 years and it is a great achievement to see that these Rihno who have been raised by humans have now given birth.
Offerland Jyrwa President of the union said that if the government does not stop the construction of shops in this crowded area which is a parking lot, the union will not be able to tied the door of the shop. The court has decided on this.
Shillong, November 05: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma and the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly together with officers visited the Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang to start the construction of the Legislative Assembly. The dome will be completed in
On the allegation that the dam has failed, the PWD said it is not true.
The Seng urges the department to take action on this issue for the benefit of the people of this area.
Shillong, June 13: The Sur u People of Bri u Hynniewtrep together with JACBOM today held a common platform with the aim of bringing together all the seven people. Two candidates will contest the Lok Sabha MP election.
It upholds the principle of free and fair elections at the highest level.
Regarding the investigation, it is not yet known what the CBI has found in the investigation as it is understood that what happened in the investigation cannot be reported even to journalists from all over the country. India has come to visit the CBI office in Shillong.
Goyal said that regarding the violation of the code of conduct by the Laban MLA, nothing can be said until a reply is received. MLA Goyal said that the Election Commission will consider the punishment of Bah Sanbor after the Chief Electoral Officer submits the reports prepared after receiving the election. It may be recalled that on Saturday, 10 days after the Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the date of the elections, Bah Sanbor Shullai together with his followers distributed the I am applying for the MLA scheme at Raid Laban College.
Along with the improvement of the registration of Internet Websites, the CBC will now be able to send information through Mobile Applications.
On the other hand, the four organizations on 4th October 2020 held an emergency meeting to discuss and think more deeply on this issue and also to take further action because on that day the 28th Jymmang 2020 as a nation we have faced a challenge and which has shocked the state as a whole.
The award ceremony was attended by Minister of Culture, Tourism and DoNER G. Kishan Reddy, Minister of State for Law and Justice (Independent Charge) and Parliamentary Affairs and Culture Arjun Ram Meghwal. , Secretary to the Ministry of Culture Govind Mohan, Chairman of the Sangeet Natak Academy Dr. Sandhya Purecha and others.
The NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government has donated T.6 lakh for the first time as an initial donation. The State Government has allocated T.15 lakh for the second time to the Mawlai Town Dorbar which has now reached T.21 lakh.
Therefore, the Chief Executive Members have decided to write and meet once again with the District Council/State Government authorities to discuss whether they understand or not the need to amend the Schedule Tribes Order 1950 – 1976 – and The United Khasi-Jaintia Hills Autonomous (Appointment and Sccession of Chiefs and Headmen) Act
The SP said that police arrested Sanborlang on Friday on these charges and the investigation is ongoing to get more details.
“We have already informed all departments to be vigilant and to protect government officials, especially not to park in public places and government vehicles.
At the same time, the Governor said that despite these good teachings from all religions, why is there so much instability and forty kinds of evil deeds?
Shillong, March 09: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHNAM) has supported the demand of the market dwellers to remove the illegal dwellers from the market. Mylliem and KHADC to implement the demand of the market dwellers for many months now.
The Director of CSB said that this is the first time she has visited the state but she found that the people of the state do not have the skills to weave jain, and what is needed now The government should come forward to support them to produce good quality garments using modern machines in which the central government will provide up to 75%.
The President of the CSWO alleged that the government is lying by saying that there is not much illegal mining of coal, saying that between 30 and 40 coal trucks pass through this road per day.
Robert said the CoMSO will continue with the announcements as before and will end the protests of the group until the government issues a government announcement on the introduction of the Jaidbynriew Protection Act or the the law shall be passed by the state legislature.
The arrested were identified as Md Rafik Sheikh, Badus Sheikh and Bisan Mondal.
Regarding the border, in 1972, when the state was independent, Block-1 and Block-2 in Karbi Anglong were given 356 villages to Assam. “Independent candidate Samborlang Diengdoh said that his stand to contest this election is because he feels that his legs are strong.
Shillong, Iaiong 04: The people of Shillong have asked why the government has not distributed ration to the people of the state through the ration shops.
Shillong, June 04: All government offices, courts and schools in East Khasi Hills will be closed. and they will get leave.
The original mark sheet has not been received yet.
It may be mentioned that the Directorate of Horticulture has undertaken large scale plantation of strawberry under various central and state programs.
Shillong La will face Real Kashmir FC on November 16, 2023 at the TRC Turf Ground, Srinagar at 2 pm.
Shillong, Lber 28: The Sirdar of Mawlong Hima, Bah Stephan Laloo, on Tuesday said that he has spoken to the police to deploy police to patrol every day in Ichamati as this is the center where all the people live. poi sha this bag.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister handed over the first work order for this block worth T.25 lakh to the Rangbah Shnong of Mawtawar.
He said that the issuance of ABHA cards will provide information on the health of the beneficiaries.
These zones supply water to parts of Pynthorumkhrah and Pynthorbah, Zone 11 to Nongmynsong and Zone 12 to Madanryting.
Secretary Aloysius Papang, Asst Secretary Elbinstone Umyiap, Publicity Secretary John Sohtun, Treasurer Carinthia Rani, Asst Treasurer ES Myrthong, Organizing Secretary Sunita Kakati, Veeru Ranee, Sushila Lama, and Executive Members.
In this meeting, the EM in charge of Trade said that his position in office is to prevent the issuance of trading licenses and said that many of them are renewed. For the trading licences, what comes to the office is that the applicants have already received all the documents which the office cannot do anything else.
At this meeting, the Prime Minister's Secretary said that they will take this matter to their group to discuss among themselves and bring back the matter to the government. The High Court of Meghalaya has ordered that the land allocation be completed as soon as possible.
Chickens should be provided with food and water before being loaded into chicken coop for transportation.
The Rajya Sabha election is scheduled for 30th October.
Shillong, July 30: Twelve karate players from Meghalaya today left Shillong for the U-21 National Karate Championship. Arjun Sewa and Raphael Sunn led the 12th.
Investigation is ongoing to track down the robbers.
Regarding the distribution of food items, members of the SDRF team from Shillong have arrived at the scene and will stay at Phulbari. to help if there is any emergency.
So far, the foundation has conducted 48 eye treatment programs at different places and in 24 schools, in which 6000 people have benefited and out of these 3600 are kids.
The villagers said that they saw the incident at about 5:30 pm and immediately went to help to rescue the four people who were buried alive in the ground.
Lieutenant General RS Panwar, Commanding Officer of the 101 Area in his speech said that the 101 Area Battalion has done many great things since has been involved in the fight against terrorism in Mizoram.
The state government in 2012 took over the land at Danagre in Tura and started to dig the well and according to the information received, the digging of the well has been completed about 90%.
The Minister said that those who came today are not only those who have received the letter but there are those who have come to stand in line, he said.
School, Mrs. Bataihun Kamar in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong, Mr. B.Sten.
Is this Trading License acceptable to the people of Jaintia Hills when we look at the market places, there are only foreign shops? Bah MH Dkhar said. “The JHADC is too weak, the Executive Committees have not taken strict action on the Trading License and for that reason, foreigners can come and do business as they please in Ri Lum. Jaintia.
In this order, the District Magistrate has ordered to complete the demolition of illegal Coke Plants built without permission in the District through Order Memo No NDG 304/2020/Pt11/79-A The Government of Meghalaya has approved to demolish the illegal Coke Plants in the District through a letter dated 4/7/2023; and the order to demolish illegal Coke Plants in the District will be implemented from 7/7/2
At present, even 10 powa of people cannot shondur in this village, some say that they have to go to the blocks to get this card.
From the letter, it is understood that these two men wanted to kidnap their sister who is studying in class KG and gave her name which the teachers did not know instead of giving her name. not of the child.
When the time comes, the people should be happy that the government is right for them.
The Seng would like to remind and seek information from you as the MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency and as the Minister of PHE Department on the Mawkyrwat Greater Water Supply Scheme which is one of the projects of the neighboring villages. path so far.
: you don't have to suffer; you don't have to sleep until you suffer.
Police also seized a bike number ML-05-R-3682, shiphew song of drugs and a mobile phone.
Shillong, Naitung : The Election Commission of India (ECI) has implemented the National Electoral Roll Purification (NERP) system in Shillong. ), 2016 with the intention that there shall be no error in the inclusion of names in the electoral rolls.
Speaking as the Chairman, Dr. D. Vijay Kumar, IAS, Commissioner Sports, GoM, congratulated the Shooting Association of Meghalaya on the resumption of the championship after a year of closure due to the coronavirus. put everyone in the world in a great deal of trouble.
At present, only two light billboards have been installed on the ground floor of the Hydro office and it has been found that it has helped a lot to the people. Two will be in Shillong and one in Tura.
The notice issued today is a slight amendment to the notice issued on 10th November 2023. Anyone who violates these rules will be punished under Section 188 of the IPC. declare something else.
Four cases have been confirmed today, two from East Khasi Hills, one from Ri Bhoi and one from West Jaintia Hills.
The meeting with the DC was to ask what the DTF has done on the letter that COMSO has sent to the Chief Minister. in relation to the arrest of the foreigners.
In her speech, the Minister said that the government has fought as hard as it can to ensure the rights of children and how to ensure that they grow up in all aspects. There has also been a lot of research in this regard.
Before laying the flowers at the Syntu Ksiar Monument of Kiang Nangbah, a prayer was offered.
He also said that these medicines have been distributed to Marten while the health centers in the districts have not received even the medicines approved by the doctors.
KSU Laskein Circle.
All the civil society organizations who attended the rally strongly condemned the Assam government's action to demolish the house.
There are 2 recoveries today, bringing the total number of tests for COVID-19 to 96848, the number of recoveries to 95204 and the total number of deaths to
Speaking at the 25th Anniversary Celebration of IIT Guwahati today, the Vice President said that the Directive Principles of State Policy are 'key to the governance of the country' duty of the Government to translate these into regulations.
During the curfew hours, the streets were empty and full of children playing in the middle of the streets, and government offices were empty except for a few with only sahep.
During the visit, the Ministers cut down the trees planted by the people of Assam within the boundary of the Nongkhlaw Hima. The people of Assam who have started to cross the border have been told that the Hima will not allow them to cross the border of the Hima. to deceive the people of the kingdom who lived in that area.
He said the government has also taken action on the request of the residents to address the problems related to the water shortage in the area, and through the Sohra Water Supply Scheme, T.48 crore for the soon implementation of the water supply project.
The decision was taken according to the complaint of the Rynjah Police Station.
These knives were brought by trucks to Mawthum and the carriers were smuggled to Bangladesh but the BSF were able to seize these knives.
During the meeting, the two Dorbar Shnongs saw that only he can contest this election from these villages as he is also the Rangbah Shnong of Jalyiah for more than nine years.
There were 3,766 Regular and Non-Regular candidates while 3,210 passed candidates with a pass percentage of
“Our Prime Minister, Narendra Modi Ji has launched the Rozgar Mela – a job creation for 10 lakh people,” he said. person.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Department of Orthopedics, NEIGRIHMS in collaboration with the North East Regional Orthopedic Surgeons Association and Arthroscopy Society of North East will hold a Regional CME cum workshop on “Arthroscopy and Sports Injuries” on 2nd November .
In 2020, despite the strong opposition of the residents of Lapangap, Assam has been able to complete the road at Pdeiñsharieñ which falls within the boundary of Lapangap.
Bah Khongwirha said that the main topic of the meeting was “The safety of the residents of these 3 villages especially the children, the elderly and the school children”. on the GS Road from Mawlai Bridge to Mawlai Nongkwar.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh today visited the Fanwar Faith INC at Pyndeng village. Mawlieh in the West Khasi Hills.
In public administration there is a handshake but there should also be a way to bring about understanding and there should be cooperation. solve problems.
The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) through its Treasurer, Bah Wanshanbor Kharkhrang, today announced that the MSL tournament will resume soon. .
The student body immediately demanded that the Government replaces the equipment and makes the Hospital functional at the earliest.
There will also be outdoor film screenings at three venues along with other activities such as Caravan, Shigmotsav, Goa Carnival, Selfie points, IFFI Merchandise and others to promote IFFI as one of the biggest festivals. most related to the debt of India.
Forward Nongrem, President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills District, said that this request has been held in the past years, involving about 44 students. Two villages will fall under the block either in Umdohlun or Wahkaji.
In this regard, the police have advised the owners of houses to be careful in renting or using their houses for drug trafficking.
Shillong, July 18: The Cabinet today directed the Ministers and Parliamentary Secretaries of the Government to hoist the flag of India on the occasion of the Republic Day. Shillong, the capital of the state of Meghalaya and at the headquarters of the Districts and Civil Sun Divisions.
Accredited Social Health Activists (ASHA) on Thursday took to the streets to hold a rally to protest against the State Government's decision on the demands including the increase in wages. .
On the same day, the party also released 34 questions for the political parties in the state who are preparing for the election.
The function of this committee is to take the decisions of the MCs headed by the Additional CEO and the District Election Officers to give permission regarding the announcements in accordance with the directives of the Election Commission. In India.
In a letter sent to the Chief Secretary, they said that according to the rules of the government, an officer should not stay more than three years in one place.
The Director said that 23 persons from different battalions in Shillong have tested positive for COVID-1
Answering a question on the availability of food items, the Minister said that the people should not worry about the availability of food items as there is no shortage.
Police said that on 4/10/23, a car pulled in front of a Scotty near Anjalee Cinema Hall and the people inside the car shot and beat Lakhan Singh and fled. from this bag.
These items were handed over to the leaders of the Seiñ Manbei Seiñraij Tuber on Saturday by the leaders of the Sur U Paidbah East Jaintia Hills under the leadership of Dr. Ryngkat Phawa Chairman Sur U. People of East Jaintia Hills.
The letter will be sent to the Central Government to all the Central Government employees in the state not to be dismissed at this time.
Dr Rohit Dwivedi, Professor from IIM Shillong said that the three groups have emphasized on order, well-being and economic development as the mantras to achieve the goal of a developed India. citizen of the country feels freedom and a sense of empowerment.
It means that voters should have access to clear and complete information so that they can make the right decision and so that officers and groups are accountable.
