Shillong, Jymmang 28: The swearing-in ceremony of the newly elected members of the KSU Central Executive Council (CEC) will be held on the 4th October inside the Soso Tham Auditorium at 1 pm.
In the past three days, the BSF has seized 62 lakh tyngka of smuggled goods intended to be sent to Bangladesh on the border.
Regarding the preparations to visit the exact place where the great Syiem of Tirot Sing Syiem passed away, talks have also been held with people who have close ties to Bangladesh and they are ready to leave now. us nem but the spread of COVID-19 has caused them to stop.
The KSU leader said that the Khasi Hills is still struggling to fight and protect the rights of the indigenous people for the happiness of the Longdien. on the fact that the state does not have a clear border which has led to conflict from time to time with Assam.
" Concluded Mr. Heathermoon.
It is to be recalled that the union has already held a three day strike in front of the Malaria Office to demand that the government should reinstate them but the government has not yet done so. nothing has been done in response to their demand.
Therefore, the JSU and JYF demand that a committee of inquiry should be appointed to find out the truth.
The residents of Meghalaya want to know what the government has to say about the loss of land from this state to Bangladesh if the Parliament of India approves it. you have signed a promise.
Regarding these issues, the leaders of the civil society organizations from South Garo Hills have conveyed them to the SBI Head in charge of Meghalaya. They are right and on his part he will do his utmost to provide the necessary jobs as soon as possible.
On the CAB, the Prime Minister said he has spoken to the Union Home Minister Amit Shah to explain to him. The Cabinet has also decided to increase the price of kyndiad in all nine categories and by The government is expected to collect between Rs 9 crore and Rs 5 crore per month.
The Chief Minister through the 'X' said that it will be a writing in the history of Meghalaya when the 'Meghalaya Games 2024' will be inaugurated by the President of India on 15/1 /2024 of the Constitution.
Speaking as the chief guest, Raju expressed his pleasure to be able to take part in this meeting organized by the HFU West Khasi Hills District.
As part of the award ceremony, Bah Raphael Warjri, Chairman of the Synjuk Riti Academy, announced the Waheh S Quotient Sumer Award and Rangbah. Sumar Singh Sauerkraut.
In a statement, the government announcement was issued in the name of the Governor and will come into force immediately for six months.
Tynsong said he did not think that in the position of Angela she would speak and mislead the people. If they don't know how the government works, they should have gone to MATI for training to understand.
The union through this statement demands that the MeECL department should take immediate action to repair these two posts, so that the residents of the area can be safe and not discouraged as they are now.
Even if these people have EPIC but if they are not on the NRC list, their EPIC is no longer valid.
On the other hand, the union will not stand idly by in this regard and will follow up with the Forests Department if this intention is true.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: Rev Bishop Ferdinand Dkahr of the Diocese of Jowai has ordained Deacon Kitboklang Tyngkan of Mary Immaculate Conception Parish on Tuesday 4/2/2 of Don Bosco.
Regarding this, the union demands that the government should immediately take action against these non-state people and should stop the mushlia completely otherwise the union cannot remain silent.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Basaiawmoit said that in a meeting with the DC, they told him the truth of the river which has been polluted and which could destroy the fish that live along the river. The river has been flooded due to the fact that this man has dug up the ground and the soil has allowed to flow into the river from the Umshing River.
He said the Modi Government is committed to building a successful cyber society by ensuring that the internet is safe for all.
Jowai, Jymmang 14: The Jowai Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) today held an election for the post of Doloi of Jowai District. u Bah Puramon.
If this is the case, will the stem vehicles operate only within the municipal areas, as the areas under the blocks are considered as rural areas.
The passing away of Dr. Andreas is a great loss to the state as a whole.
Beyondstar Kurbah, President of the Women's Wing, Pretty Kharpyngrope, Secretary, Wandashisha Rynjah, President of the Women's Wing. Kyrmen Shylla was elected as Secretary, Balajied Synrem as Secretary, Ollan Sing Suin as Secretary, Synshar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah as Secretary, Remingtone Pyngrope as Joint Secretary and BG Momin as Vice President.
SP News Agency has tried to inquire from the District Administration but could not get a clarification from the government authorities to know how many people were injured. in this case.
At the same time, he urged the filmmakers to make films of the freedom fighters.
The total number of confirmed cases today is 127, 95 from East Khasi Hills, 13 from West Garo Hills, 8 from Ri Bhoi, 5 from South Garo Hills, 4 from North Garo Hills and 2 from East Jaintia Hills. The total number of cases is
There was also a discussion on the need for the Legislative Assembly – the Chief Executive Members. He said that the recent meeting with Bah PN Syiem, CEM of KHADC is not new to the Federation of Khasi States. , he recalled the struggle of many former CEMs in which he did not give up the goal of expressing the rights of the Hima Khasi States.
In a complaint lodged with the CEM of JHADC, the AJYWO urged the CEM to take action against this issue as it is something that puts the country and the minority community in danger. great danger.
According to information received from the village, there were four people on board the boat, when the villagers, three of them initially escaped from being swept away by swimming. .
The death of fish in the Umlet River was found on 6/4/2021 and the HPF today went to investigate and until now it is not clear who is responsible for this death. it will still even criminals.
Therefore, according to the example of Tirot Sing Syiem, the family of Bah Barnabas Nangbah was also taken to rebuild the face of Kiang Nangbah.
The Ministry of Tourism has prepared an Adventure Tourism Model Law which deals with responsibilities, procedures, claims, registration and insurance.
The HYC also said that the Government does not think carefully that Khalai can also lead to other evils in the society, such as drug abuse, illegal activities and other evils in these areas. empty.
“Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar said it is a long standing desire of the people to see these projects come true and hope to see change in the state in the next 5 and 6 years.
There are 6 cases of COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 1 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in West Garo Hills and 1 in West Jaintia Hills. there are 19 people.
Fish traders and sellers also criticized the order with the stipulations that those who violate will be punished with imprisonment for up to seven years and a fine of T.10 lakh.
Speaking to media, Deputy CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, said that he is pleased that the preparation of the work has been completed by 95%. Many of them will be able to complete these 10 or 2 days before the start of the festival.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: A four-day meeting between the Border Security Force (BSF) and the Bangladesh Border Guard (BBS) is underway in Sylhet, Bangladesh.
The Minister expressed the hope that the talks will be fruitful.
It is learned that the Lyngngam area is a place where there is a shortage of nutrients that can build the human body. long how.
Through this, the government has set a target to recruit 300 nurses in the coming years.
The Photjaud Rangthong Village Church has now turned 72 years since its inception in 1947, has 72 Christian families and about 450 Christian members.
On the first day, the leaders of the KSU Thadlaskeiñ Unit visited Thadlaskeiñ village in West Jaintia Hills to establish a new office in the village.
“Bah Kharshiing in his speech, said that through the opportunity to hold such tournaments, it will help the State to produce more and more athletes who will appear in the country and others. game.
The public has been advised not to gather without work.
Finally, the party appeals and urges the indigenous people of the state especially the Nongsynshar Shnongs and Heads of Nongsynshar to stand firm and united to force the Government to pass laws that control mechanism against the illegal entry of foreigners to protect the right of ownership whether it is in land, trade especially in the customs of our indigenous people.
To reduce traffic jam in Shillong, the Government of Meghalaya has launched the first buses in the North East with the purchase of 30 buses in July. These buses can be booked in advance from the seats especially for school children and office workers and also these buses have technology such as CCTV cameras and GPS-based tracking.
A person who smokes cigarettes per day spends about T.1192/- per month.
Regarding the Uranium issue and the union's opposition to the 2 lane road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah, the union has decided to meet again with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC to seek clarification regarding the song. 20 crore that the Council has promised to allocate for the improvement of the 1 lane road in this area.
Shillong, July 02: The Ganesh Das Hospital today refused to accept a mother from Mawlai Umjapung who wanted to give birth at the government hospital. This is the reason why the government hospital does not have enough equipment.
The award was received by Dr. Vijay Kumar D, IAS, Commissioner and Secretary, Government of Meghalaya. exceptional cultivation and this is an honor to the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today delivered a speech to the students of Tirot Singh Memorial College, Mairang. yours.
It is the duty of the government, if it understands and sees this, to provide another block to the area as soon as possible and not to take it away after 8 months which has been opened and promised to the people. “Therefore, the AJYWO demands that the present government should improve the performance of the Wapung constituency by setting up two blocks in one LA Constituency. However, a new block has been built in Lumshong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The residents of Mawphran who have been arrested in the past few days have pointed out the government's bias in the implementation of the decision. you are not a householder.
The Chief Minister also expressed his sadness to see the death of mothers during childbirth and the death of infants in the state. He urged the nurses to take responsibility and to do this work with love.
Speaking as the chief guest at the dorbar bah, Oram said the government has taken steps to ensure that the minorities in the country survive and especially the language they speak.
He congratulated the Government and the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council for enacting the Act, 2011 to recognize the and it is hoped that Rules will soon be issued for them.
As they set their sights on higher stages, Mebanrilang’s journey becomes a beacon of inspiration, proving that dreams, when nurtured with dedication and support, can truly take flight.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting between Meghalaya Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Hemanta Biswa Sarma, Assam Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma today discussed the issue. places that have been arranged.
Replying to this complaint, the CEM of KHADC, said, “If it offends anyone, he says don't leave this statement, but he said that he has said This was announced at a meeting convened by the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District in
Guwahati, March 25: The North East Students Organization (NESO) today held a sit-in at all the Raj Bhavans in the North Eastern States of India to demand the Central Government. The Khar Bangladeshis who have smuggled into the North East of India should be expelled.
To achieve the target of providing water to all households by the end of October 2024, the government will not be able to achieve it due to the challenges. PHE Minister Marcuise N Marak in the House.
Tura, Naiwieng 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today launched the Ri Syiar Scheme in the state by distributing Kuroiler chickens and five kilos of chicken feed at a public meeting held at Bakdil. Krimkro Federation Centre, Upper Bamonpara, Dalu.
The residents of the village do not accept this and even if they throw money they will not accept it because when they lose their land where will they go.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Congress party has staged a protest against the summons of Sonia Gandhi before the Enforcement Directorate over the allocation of Rs 90 crore to the National Herald newspaper. in the city of Shillong.
The UDP party leaders, village leaders and private individuals visited the area to express their opposition to the government if it builds shopping malls in this area. The objection is that it will destroy the city of Shillong.
Police are still trying to crack down on the suspects.
In these days, it has been seen that there have been demands for a state of its own in this country, which have led to protests and this is according to the number of those residents.
The inspection started from Motphran to Mawlong Market.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has ordered the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya to send an inquiry into the deaths of four people in Garo Hills.
The MYAF also held a thorough discussion on the Meghalaya Regulation of Landlords and Verification of Tenants Bill introduced by the MUA-II government instead of implementing the Inner Line Permit as demanded by the civil society. However, it was found that the Tenancy Bill introduced by the government does not contain any provisions to restrict the entry of foreigners but it is a restriction on the resident landlords. Therefore, in this regard, the Federation feels that the Government should think of other ways and means to bring together both the issues (Government & Seng Bhalang & Paidbah). It is true that through the protests in the past two months, the peace and order has been affected but the fruit that the people expect has not been seen. This adamant of both the parties will not bring any good but will confuse and put the people in trouble.
Shillong, November 06: The North Eastern Hills University (KSU), FKJGP and HNYF have said that the North Eastern Hills University (KSU) has decided to change the examination system for students. do in normal times is good for student exam.
The team will collect soil from all the states of India to place the 182 meter tall statue at a cost of T. 2000 crore.
Experts also talked about the presence of other health conditions, which can increase the risk of contracting COVID-1
The Northeast Entrepreneurship Fellowship was established to promote startups.
Shillong, Lber 13: Sohra MDC Titosstarwell Chyne, who is also the Leader of the Opposition in the Khasi Hills Autonomous Legislative Assembly, has brought a meeting to discuss the issues faced by the people in the Khasi Hills Autonomous Assembly. District Council.
Police are investigating to find out the truth.
In the junior boys (48 kg), West Khasi Hills won the gold medal after defeating Eastern West Khasi Hills.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, EM I/c Labor and Youth Affairs, who is also the MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency, said that the people of Nongkrem Constituency are not The EC of the PDF under the leadership of Bah Pynshngain N Syiem as CEM has a clear and far-sighted goal to put the Jaid bynriew first. and to fulfill their duty to achieve the aspirations of the people.
Shillong, Nailar 05: Ka Sur Ka Bri Hynniewtrep today went to the Secretariat to demand that the government should not make public the report of the sitting judge Justice T.Vaipei. Former HNLC General Secretary Chesterfield Thangkhiew has been shot dead at his residence in Mawlai after he came to appear before the law.
Regarding the decision of the Supreme Court, the KHADC will have to consult with the authorities on how to file a review petition and if there is a need to file a review petition. a special meeting must also be called to discuss.
The Minister said that the shortage of GI pipes has affected the implementation of the JJM scheme to deliver water to all households in the villages to speed up the work even though the PHE has used plastic pipes. as in other states.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP) today held a discussion on the theme “Railway is for the benefit of Meghalaya”. The meeting held in Nongpoh has opened the eyes of the people to think.
At this meeting, they expressed their concern over the emergence of many insurgent groups in Garo Hills.
Shillong, July 28: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed six deaths from COVID-19 positive, five from East Khasi Hills, one from West Garo Hills and one from West Garo Hills. The total number of deaths from the disease in the state has risen to
In the 1st Legislative Assembly, 37 out of 60 former MLAs have been re-elected and 23 have been re-elected.
Shillong, March 05: Grace Mary Kharpuri MDC Nongskhen Constituency today sent food items to Shiliang Jashar village to help 29 households who have been quarantined.
In a statement sent to the media through NEIPF Spokesperson, Bah Dundee C Khongsit, the Forum feels that the word 'Bharat' is derived from Sanskrit and is associated with Hinduism. .
We are still moving forward in the transformation of Jammu and Kashmir.
The purchase of humanitarian goods by Bangladeshis from India is more expensive compared to other countries in the world. The BSF has handed them over to the Customs at Dalu. West Garo Hills District.
After 10 camps, the DSYA & MJA will hold the Meghalaya State Level Judo Championship 2014 in Shillong.
He hopes that the EC that will be formed will be the EC that will be appointed.
The Minister of Defense and Cooperation said that for years, India has been a world leader in the pharmaceutical industry and in the last 10 years, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has brought about many changes in the pharmaceutical industry and today, Bharat has become a credible country as a global producer of pharmaceuticals.
That is why we will reach this point,” said Bah Marbaniang.
The Mawmot was built at Thad village in Mawhati Constituency. These 54 persons were arrested and imprisoned from 12 October to 10 June struggle for the independence of the state.
BJP 2, GNC 1 and independent candidates 3 candidates.
ITC will produce beverages and food items at the same price worldwide.
According to Dapbor Syiemiong, driver of the Thar, there were three persons inside the auto rickshaw including Gentleman Thangkhiew, Donboklang Sumer and Skhemlang Kshiar. The victim was injured and is undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
The ILP is our right, give it to Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has called a meeting with various religious leaders to discuss how to reopen places of worship in the state.
For North Garo Hills alone, the government will allocate T.253 crore for all development projects.
The closing ceremony of the 7Cash Prize Football Tournament-2017 was conducted by Bah MH Dkhar, Finance Secretary, MSCSO and was also attended by Bah Justine Dkhar, MLA, Parliamentary Secretary, Government of Meghalaya. Phasmon Dkhar, MDC, EM, JHADC as the Chief Guest, Topass Lapasam, one of the leaders of EJHD as the Special Guest, Bah Satly Ryngkhlem, Waheh Shnong of Wapungskur and others. other leaders and nobles were lyndan.
Speeches were also delivered by AIPC Meghalaya President Dr Streamlet Dkhar, AIPC Meghalaya General Secretary Minimon Laloo and members of the Khasi Authors Society, state leaders, school teachers and other other.
Blood was taken from the body of a person who has recovered from COVID-1
The complaint was signed by the Rangbah Shnongs of Bakur, Dawki, Riahjahlong, Amlympiang, Amdoh, Rongkhum, Amsku, Amjalong and Muktapur.
He said that the party hopes that this committee will end like many other committees which have not reached any conclusion.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HANM) today issued a warning to the people who went to South West Khasi Hills District to mine uranium including the people of AMD, said Lambokstar Marwein Vice President. of SWKH District.
Nongrang said that this year there are 40 candidates who have passed the UPSC from Manipur despite the difficulties faced by the state, and three of those who have passed are students from Shilong.
New Delhi, July 09: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Gajendra Singh Shekhawat in a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has expressed his concern over the slow implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) in the State.
The Seng would also like to congratulate all the NGOs working in the Bri U Hynniewtrep and would like to extend its special congratulations to all the children of the thousands of the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, Nailur 23: U Bah Broswell Khongthohrem, Shillong, today said that Bah Broswell Khongthohrem is no longer the Rangbah Shnong of Nohwet Village after the Dorbar Shnong has removed him from 31/08/2 .
“If the JHADC feels that it stands for the protection of our people, it should follow the example of the KHADC in all aspects by starting to do something now,” he added. Mr. MH Dkhar.
This meeting is held annually between the two countries, and the meeting is held alternately one year in India and one year in Bangladesh. on the border between these two countries.
He said that the Minister has sent MEMRIWU leaders every month to discuss the same issue without being able to resolve it.
Shillong, Lber 08: Meghalaya Police have arrested two persons on 7/3/2023 in the fight against drug trafficking in the state. hand in the drug trade.
Other demands included opposing the merger of several banks into one bank and demanding that action should be taken against companies that have not paid their debts.
He said that the manager of the company in the meeting on Tuesday had sent the insurance but did not say anything about the injuries of the seven.
He said the BJP government has also misused its powers by challenging the Supreme Court, the Election Commission, the CBI and other central government agencies.
Before swearing in all the leaders and office bearers of FKJGP Mawnianglah Unit, Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, President Upper Shillong Circle and Education Secretary FKJGP Central Body said that the FKJGP Central Body It has a clear foundation and goal to serve the Jaitbynriew according to the Seng's Motto 'The Goal to Bring about Change' whether it is in society, income and also in education. Synshar ka Khadar, in which he said that to achieve the goals of the Seng, it is essential to have the spirit of cooperation in all aspects. He said that until this moment as the leaders of the FKJGP, we have been firmly committed and we have not deviated from the foundation to fight against those who have lost their lives. He also urged all the members of the Seng to be ready to fight for the cause of the Jaitbynriew.
“After I fled home, the police came to my house and asked me some questions and took me to the police station.
He said the names could not be released.
“We have proposed to set up a free computer training center for the youth from Mawsynram,” said Bah Diralson.
Regarding the post of Speaker, the UDP has handed over to the Parliamentary Party of the party to elect a person to replace Dr Donkupar Roy. to god.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Paul said that this painting expresses the idea of ​​“Root and Rhythm,” which explains the cultural richness of Meghalaya.
He is also the Chairman of the State Planning Board and has made a significant contribution to the development of the state.
Up to 70 metric tonnes of recyclable plastic has been collected in the state.
As the number of people visiting health facilities is lower than that of the Delta variant, the number of deaths is lower than that of the Omicron variant. fourth state is very sted.
Speaking to reporters, Bah PN Syiem said that the calling of these Hima should be arranged in relation to the Hima of Nongwah Mawtyngur which in previous years fell under the Hima Sohiong. Priest ship.
The Forum has immediately gathered the Chief Executive Members and Rangbah Shnongs of the area to announce this good news.
If Robert wins the ticket, it will be the way to take the place of his father, PG Marbaniang (who was MP in 1989 and 1991).
He said that all the MLAs who have joined the NPP are Prestone Tynsong, Sngiawbhalang Dhar, Ngaitnglang Dhar, Rowell Lyngdoh, Comingone Ymbon from the Congress, Remington Pyngrope from the UDP and Stephanson Mukhin. Dr Kharlukhi said the NPP will contest in 50 out of 60 constituencies in the state in the 2018 MLA election. .
The Chief Minister said that the state this year is estimated to have a revenue of T.18,881/- crore and an expenditure of T.17,917/- crore. The budget for the 2022-2023 budget year will be T.1,110 crore and the payment of pension will be T.1,469 crore.
He said that in the last House, when Bah Herdian Lyngdoh was in charge of the post of EM in charge of land, he went to inspect and after this inspection many of the owners of parmaw At the same time, Bah Ranee MDC said that it would be good if the ADM would visit the parmaws in the Killing area and parts of Umtyrnga. those within the Ri Bhoi District which are within the Constituency he represents.
During the reign of Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi, the goal of allocating 33% to women in the Houses of Assembly could not be achieved.
The purpose of the meeting was to understand the preparations and timeline for the implementation of the one country one ration card program in 14 states and union territories.
After being arrested, the MLA, who tried to escape from the law enforcement agencies, was brought to Shillong today and taken to Laitumkhrah Police station on the complaint of the SCPCR. of the court to issue a non-bailable warrant.
I also urge the school to teach the students how to be clean and how to preserve the environment by planting trees.
It is necessary to recognize all the citizens of Meghalaya, regardless of ethnicity, should be treated equally and given equal rights,” said Dey.
Please note that many of the vehicles that have been in this area have been destroyed.
Shillong, Lber 21: Answering a question by Ardent Basaiawmoit on the issue of security checks on the border between Assam and Bangladesh, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government has taken many steps. the paths are not protected.
During the discussion, these 5 institutions reported on the key elements of their practices and provided ideas and resources for development.
Regarding this article, the army has held a public meeting with the surrounding villages on 25th November held on 19th July
Shillong, July 17: The Magistrate, B Rani, today informed the market dwellers that this decision was taken after the inspection of the Deputy Commissioner, Superintendent of Police, Pa. The purpose of the meeting was to explain that there should be a joint responsibility between the Hima Mylliem and the Chief Executive Member of the KHADC. Many fathers and mothers have to leave their homes even in the midst of this pandemic.
The people who take custody of these children will appoint people to look after the case specifically.
Speaking to SP News Agency, an RBI officer in charge of the RBI department in Shillong said that the RBI does not open accounts of individuals, companies or groups. tell people to deposit money into her account.
Shillong, November 14: Former UDP MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh from Nongthymmai on Tuesday said that former MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh has rejected the Nongrah Water Supply Scheme which was allocated during his tenure as MLA. Desmon K Mawphlang, while talking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, said that the allegations of Bawan Khyriem Block President of the Congress party, in which he said that don't politicize development projects.
They include Dr. Walter Thabah, Dr. Doris Byrsat and Dr. BL Nongbri, including Kong Silbi Passah who received the Padmashri from the Government of India recently.
In this regard, the Chairman of the Board said that their visit was to understand the views of the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: UDP General Secretary Dr. Jemino Mawthoh has expressed his deep regret over the news posted on social media regarding the 5G cellular technology by Amelia Teron on the Facebook group Antor.
Even Mary Komp was able to protect herself from the wicked because she did not train herself in sports.
In this meeting, the Mahila Congress said that Dr.DD Lapang has joined the party Congress.
According to the statement by the Union Home Minister Amit Shah, who said that they will meet after Christmas, the state government expects that after Christmas the central government will meet. will invite discussion.
At this public meeting, he announced that the MDA government led by the NPP party and Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister of the state should send the Bills passed by the KHADC within The CAB is a disease and the ILP is the cure.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya did not attend the ceremony as he had to follow the COVID-29 rules as he was on his way from Delhi to meet the Home Minister of India. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, was the chief guest at the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the State.
There are 37 recoveries today, 11 from East Khasi Hills, 9 from North Garo Hills, 6 from West Garo Hills, 5 from West Garo Hills and 3 from East Jaintia Hills. 2, Ri Bhoi 1, 91950 cases.
The state government's statement that the people living in these areas will decide whether to go to Meghalaya or Assam is unacceptable because they know that if the people living there decide as the government says, These people have already announced that they will go to Assam.
Speaking to reporters, FKJGP President Upper Shillong Circle Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang expressed his deep sorrow and regret over the stinginess of the Village Authorities in this regard. He said that while the Seng Bhalang are protesting to demand strong laws from the Government to curb the illegal entry of Mynder, it is sad to see that all these things are opening the door.
“In the Municipal areas, the law does not allow the cultivation of cattle but the authorities are blind and have not taken any action on this issue.
However, it is still a fact that today almost half of the households in India do not have access to drinking water.
The strike was held to protest against the central government's plan to hand over banks to the private sector. The union also demanded that the government should completely stop the banks. employment shall not be transferred to the private sector.
This will be an honor to the people of Tripura where a statue of the Syiem will be placed at this place.
She also clarified that Rahul Gandhi did not speak to any ethnic group living in India, but only to those thieves who took money from banks without paying. more than the debt they have taken.
The Chief Minister said that the youth should stand on their own feet if the government does not find a way.
“But I will not.
The Government of India should reconsider this issue to address the problems of the traders or contractors or the problems of the people who have to buy many jobs.
On the other hand, the JHADC has so far sent only the schemes but has not yet sent the details of the schemes to be implemented from the funds allocated by the central government. part of the District Council.
“We must stand united to demand that the state government should immediately implement the ILP within the border of Meghalaya for the benefit of us indigenous people,” said the JYF. Let us stand together to demand from the state government to implement the ILP, because it is the power given by the law to prevent the illegal entry of mynder, because the entry of mynder will change it will change the customs and traditions, it will change the land tenure system and there will be a monopoly on our trade and inheritance.
The purpose of the amendment to the POCSO Act, 2012 is to strengthen the POCSO Act, 2012 so that the perpetrators can be punished more severely including life imprisonment. criminals.
He spoke on the importance of data in this rapidly changing digital age and the role and work of the SPI Department. This was followed by a presentation by Luis Felipe Lopez-Calva, Global Director. of the World Bank Group's global practice on the use of data to make decisions.
He said that the main goal of the present government is to ensure that all the development projects implemented by the government, the government will follow up on them to ensure that they reach the people. public.
The SP of East Garo Hills, Davies Marak, said that the raid was carried out after receiving a tip.
The North Eastern Region (NDS) is preparing a Sustainable Development Goal Index for all districts of the North East through the NITI Aayog with the assistance of UNDP. Independent Charge of the Department of Development of North-Eastern Region (DoNER), MoS PMO, Personnel, Public Grievances & Pensions, Atomic Energy & Space, Dr Jitendra Singh in a reply to the Rajya Sabha today.
Besides, the book “Ki Kyrpien Jong Ka Por ki Tanka” in Khasi and other poems written by Prof Streamlet Dkhar were also released.
Pediatrician Dr. S. Longtrai, Pediatric Surgeon Dr. P. Khongsngi, Medical Officer DEIC Dr. J. Rani, Managing Director of Mission Smile Guwahati Dr. Hitesh, Asst.Genl.
Speaking on these figures, I am pleased to say that we have received 3500 or 3100 crore and now for more than 6 years, we have been improving so that we can strengthen in terms of training, to train teachers so that they can “To provide quality education to the students, which is on par with other prominent states and cities in India,” said Bah Tyngsong.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The National Cadets Corp (NCC) today celebrated Kargil Vijay Diwas at St. Anthony's College Shillong. brave men who gave their lives for the sake of the country.
After searching the vehicle, police found that the vehicle was sold to Ladrymbai at a price of T.
The Seng is pleased to announce that there is no benefit in having a Personal Interview for these Grades or Groups.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared 31st June as the International Day against Tobacco Smoking. this day every year.
However, the Prime Minister did not elaborate and said the government is looking into the matter.
The total number of voters in 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituency is 82,61.56 lakh, of which 41,57,51 lakh are males and 41,04,04 lakh are females. , and 412 people worked in the office.
On former President Pranab Mukherjee, Dr Mukul said he had a thorough understanding of the North East and it was during his tenure that he The PMGSY road construction scheme has been launched and Meghalaya is the first state in the North East to receive this road construction scheme.
Police have conducted an investigation to find out the cause of the blast.
Shillong, Nov 13: The Finance Minister of India, P. Chidambaram and Montek Singh Ahluwalia, Deputy Chairman, Planning Commission, today presented the award to GVK RMRI for the best in the field of treatment. such as the Scotch Awards in Health.
Shillong, November 30: Various Seng Bhalang today held a commemoration of the 159th death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah, a freedom fighter of the country and the people. in the Khasi Hills.
The tournament has been going on for two months and many people have come to take part.
The body was taken to Tura Civil Hospital for postmortem.
Dr. Karadla was accompanied by MP of 2-Tura constituency, Agatha K Sangma, Rangsakona MLA, Subir M. Marak, Deputy Commissioner, RP Marak, Vikash Kumar. sites on this first visit of the Minister to Ampati.
The CoRP leaders did not have the opportunity to meet the Prime Minister, so they met with the Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Rashan Warjri to explain the problems faced by the residents of the border area with Assam. for the invasion of Assam.
In his speech, he congratulated the BSF personnel for their contribution in this great work.
The Harijans living in Them Iewmawlong said that even their houses were shaken like a strong earthquake when the strong earthquake struck.
VC within this university for some time.
Speaking at the meeting , Bah SK Sunn MLA , said that 283 villages in East Khasi Hills District have been selected to conduct this special vaccination campaign for children under two years and second mothers also.
The union has expressed its opposition on the grounds that it fears that the railway line will become a major highway for foreigners and foreign authorities to enter the state safely and to smuggle. the rights of indigenous peoples in all aspects.
Speaking to SP News Agency, MPCC Working President James Lyngdoh said the party has decided to nominate Jontin Khardewsaw as the party's candidate for the mid-term MDC elections. langrin on the 28th of this month.
Shillong, March 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with prominent figures of Sohra constituency at Cherrapunji Café in Mawkdok at the invitation of Bah Alan West.
On the 60 days deadline for the GVK to resolve, the Minister said the government may not wait for that 60 days but may take its decision before that deadline. air uh if it should be handed over to someone else who can run this Emergency Services.
If this is the case, it also forces the union to hold a special meeting with all the Nongsynshar Shnongs to take other measures even to the point of immediately dismissing all those involved to encourage them. the secret entry of the mynder.
The petition was signed by Bah JA Lyngdoh as President and Bah Barnabas Nongbah as General Secretary. Ronnie Lyngdoh and Richard Lyngdoh as Vice Presidents of CAS and the approval was given by all the groups who took part in the march.
Vehicles heading to West Khasi Hills have been parked in this area and the deterioration of this road has put the people in trouble because during the rainy season it has become a snowstorm and it is very difficult to walk in this area. .
The union urges the government to strengthen, renew and implement the Cyber ​​Crime Act in the state to prevent the spread of cyber crime. to bring about peace and order, but to remove the internet from time to time is an insult, an insult and a violation of the rights of many other churches who use it. right to the internet.
This increase is according to the accepted figures, which are based on the recommendations of the 7Central Pay Commission of the Central Government for the Central Government Employees and Pensioners.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 578, with East Garo Hills 1, East Jaintia Hills 4, East Khasi Hills 475, North Garo Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 21 and South West Khasi Hills 4, West Garo Hills 58, West Jaintia Hills 10, West Khasi Hills 4 persons.
As the union does not want to see that the government will not just appease the anger, what they want is to see that the government does not take further, as the people have the right to demand. The president of the KSU said that they should express their views on the issues that affect the nation and the society.
Different villages including Panaliar, Dulong, Chilliangraij, Loomiongkjam, Loomkyrwiang, Iongpiah, Shillong Raij, Ummulong and Ladthadlaboh Raij have brought their rots in pictures with a message to the people. .
HANM feels that the presence of Bah Mayveen Marbaniang is a blessing to the jaidbynriew where there is no need to expel other jaidbynriew but they have fled because the job has not been held. In itself, if our people have been able to hold their own jobs, other ethnic groups will not be able to invade this state.
The Home Quarantine Dairy states that if those who return to the state during the days of Home Quarantine have any symptoms, they must fill them in every day until and it was 14 days long.
Shillong, November 19: The Press Information Bureau, Shillong today held a Vartalap, a workshop to share information among journalists at Shillong Club.
The UDP demands that the government and UCIL should clarify to the public whether there will be any health impact if uranium is mined.
Kyrshandame Talang was killed on 10th October on the border of Mukhla, Myrjai and his body was found at Moosdai. who have not been caught until now.
He spoke about India's vision to bring the whole world together for a better future and gave an example of 'One Day, One World, One Grid' in relation to the global shift in renewable energy activities, and the One World, One Health global health mission.
The great saint Thiruvalluvar ji said that the most important task in the past centuries is that no one has ever thought about water shortage and water shortage.
He said that this workshop is specially designed to provide information on the law related to the provision of justice to the people.
When the BSF troops searched the plants, they found a pla.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawiong Umjapung, Bah A.Kharkongor, said that on receiving information about the incident, the Dorbar Shnong officials rushed to the scene to help the victims. you are a tragedy.
Officials who represented Meghalaya in the tournament were Maiñbor Khyriem, Ricky Marweiñ and Khraw Kupar Lyngshing.
The union expresses its surprise that this blue color change and the widespread death of fish in the river can happen only within the 20th November which is the time of fishing. They have contracted the Wah Lukha.
The area that has been used now is the highest part and the area is clean and the people of Tura have turned this place into a playground for the children because it is a clean place. .
Sniawbhalang Dhar, Symbud Chief Minister and Chairman of the Regional Committee for West Jaintia Hills, said that the Entry Tax Gate has been removed. leave the village on January 16,
The names of at least 8 (five) members of the VCCAC including the Chairman, Secretary, members including the presidents of Women's and Youth Wing, members of Self Help Group and 6 (six) members shall be submitted. If the dealer cannot be re-elected or confirmed within the stipulated date, the ration will be distributed to any nearby centre. Newly selected ration distributors must provide an electronic weighing scale certified by the Metrological Department.
The NPP, with the support of the Congress in the Opposition, has dissolved the UDP-led Executive Committee through a no confidence motion tabled on the opening day of the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh today visited the Civil Hospital Shillong. like the Cancers wing.
Shillong, Nailur 8: U Bah VGK Kynta, Chief Advocate of Meghalaya, today, 2022, launched the bill titled “Meghalaya Boundary Based on the North-Eastern Areas (Reorganisation) Act, 1971" was published by the SP News Agency.
New Delhi, July 14: The Union Minister in charge of Information & Broadcasting and Sports, Anurag Thakur took part in the Youth Dialogue, India @ 2047 program held in Agartala, Tripura today. sun.
Understanding the need to promote entrepreneurship opportunities in India, the NDA government in the first budget launched the Pradhan Mantri MUDRA Yojana.
The District Magistrate of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, in an order issued on 23rd July, 2022 under Section 144 of the CrPC, has banned the holding of fishing competitions in which the prizes will be awarded to the winners. shall not exceed 1,00,000/- (Shi Lak) and shall not exceed 100/- (Shi Lakh) tyngka per month.
The Finance Commission of the Central Government has now been directed to start recommending the transfer of more resources to these 40 ADCs along with the municipal and village authorities under the Sixth Schedule areas.
On the other hand, TUR demands that a new approach should be taken to resolve the issues in the border areas and that the residents should not be made to stay together.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, the convener of the meeting, Bah Ezra Namsaw, said that there are still 25 drivers who have passed the DSC examination in I don't have a government job.
There are four polling stations including Nongthymmai, Lapalang, Pomshutia and Mawshun.
You have to look at it from all sides, and it doesn't mean that just because one thing hasn't worked out doesn't mean that you just withdraw from the peace talks.
Bah Bijon, did not forget the time when he came to take part in the planting of trees in this area, which has been going on for more than 20 years, to see that these trees have now grown in this area. which will bring more and more beauty to this holy place and its surroundings.
The allocation of funds strengthens our understanding that we have a Central Government that is responsible for the welfare of Meghalaya.
They were arrested and taken to court in connection with a complaint registered at Laitumkhrah Police Station. Sadar PS Case No.246 (10) 22 U/S 120B/ 323 /34/ 341/ 353 /427/505/506 IPC R/w Sec. Act.
“After we received complaints from the public that as soon as it was caught dark many people (living in this slum) came out to offer drugs on the street.
What is needed is to restore what has been lost.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, congratulated the BDO and officers of the C&RD Block, and promised to bring the issues of the officers including the Gram Sevaks before the State Government through report that they are preparing as part of streamlining their business process.
The Government has now started blending up to 20% ethanol into petrol.
To move forward, Ardent said that the task of this group is to gather the village leaders, to gather the civil society organizations under one banner “Iada Kari" and did not go to Delhi with the Lama.
On the first day, there will be a meeting from 3 pm to 4.30 pm and the central theme of this meeting is to discuss how to improve as a human being in this age. which is now.
The RDA has nominated former HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin as its candidate for the Shillong seat in the Lok Sabha elections to be held on the 19th of this month.
Speaking to media, the Minister of State for Home Affairs said that his visit is to encourage the soldiers who serve the country.
He said that it was not until 2019 that he understood that this belongs to the Hima Sohiong.
The death toll from the disease in Meghalaya has risen to
In places where they dig mawshuh, they should plant trees.
The shopkeepers said that the Forest Department had not informed them before sending them to demolish the shops in Umdiengpun. and ordered other shopkeepers to demolish their own shops before being forcibly demolished.
According to the information received, although there was a destruction of houses, no information has been received whether any casualties have been reported.
“We strongly condemn anyone who takes advantage of our Kur,” said Samla Shaniah Shkem Dkhar President Seiñ Kur Dkhar Wapung Circle. benefit yourself," he said.
Shillong, July 27: Police of Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday night received a tip that a tragic incident has occurred at Kyrdemkulai village, Ri Bhoi District. blood.
The CoMSO will meet the Governor on the Bill.
On Saturday, Shipia BSF personnel at the hospital also treated 85 women, 15 children and 32 elderly persons in connection with the disease.
To demand the immediate release of Samla Dajied Syiemlieh, a young man who was kidnapped from Umsur and demanded up to Rs 5 crore from the robbers.
The purpose of supporting the government is to strengthen the work of the MDA government and when the government takes decisions it will be for the benefit of the people of the state and he welcomed them to the MDA government. MDA government and thanked them for their support.
He said that before the Supreme Court issued the rules on the number of liquor shops, the state had 581 liquor shops but after the implementation of the There are only 296 liquor shops in the state.
However, after that, there was an attempt to demand from the KHADC to return the Nongwah Mawtamur to the Sohiong Hima. The Sohiong kingdom went to Assam.
Higher secondary teachers who used to receive a salary of T.12000/- will now receive T.24,000/- while science teachers who used to receive a salary of T.11,000/- will now receive T.22,000/-.
“At the meeting held in recent months, they (HPC) requested the Government not to demand a slight change in the Blue Print.
One of these groups has a hand in sand manufacturing.
The union questions how many times the residents of Bapli go to Mawsynram to spend money just for the bill light. They have not used electricity anymore but the sad thing is that FEDCO is still making bills quickly.
Referring to the letter stating that Meghalaya has been exempted from the MMRD Act in 2015, the Chief Minister said it was wrong for the government not to do anything at that time. This government has to go to court.
Latiplang, who is an MDC from this constituency and is also an Executive Member of the current EC of KHADC, has appeared from this constituency in the KHADC. three times in a row.
Because like drugs, it has entered the school children and youth until it has destroyed their lives and affected their families, peace and society as a whole. other.
The bodies of the two were found in Ichamati and Dalda.
As the MLA of this area, he urged the Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs to work together with the relevant authorities to ensure that this area will develop in all aspects.
Recalling the contributions of Dr Manmohan Singh, Prime Minister Duh said, “Because of his long term in leading this Legislative Assembly, he will be present in all the discussions on democracy. of our country.
Why?  Because there are many differences within the party.
Shillong, Jymmang, 12: The Union Minister of State for Education, Dr Subhas Sarkar on Tuesday handed over the appointment letters to 48 residents of Meghalaya who have been appointed. in the offices of the Central Government in Meghalaya.
Police said that the arrested man was identified as Columbus Shangdiar and was taken to Tura Civil Hospital for treatment.
To protect the nation must be through laws and regulations.
Shillong, July 10: The Congress Women's Wing in Meghalaya has demanded that the state government should not allow rapists.
He said that once the government has been able to produce more electricity in collaboration with NEEPCO, the state will be able to sell it in the coming years. On behalf of NEEPCO, Anil Kumar, Director Personnel, signed the agreement on behalf of NEEPCO. Pravin Bakshi, Commissioner and Secretary, Power Department, along with officials from the Meghalaya Government and NEEPCO.
The Seng strongly condemns the invasion of Assam to take over this land in Meghalaya and especially the violence even to destroy the houses without the knowledge of the village and set up dewbilat posts to take over the land. he went to Khanapara.
The MSDE has also submitted to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government a list of 10,000 people who have received training in health care through various programs under the Skill India Mission.
Therefore, if the government is quick to start, we are quick to follow.
Meanwhile, the SP City today issued a public notice that if any person writes on social media posts that may cause differences of opinion between the the nation shall be regarded as thieves, and the law shall do what is right.
Shillong, Naitung 5: The Chairman of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) Bah Pyrwa Lymba who is also the Doloi of Darang Elaka today said that the KSU has decided to The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has decided to cancel the Umngot Hydro Power Project.
Shillong, Iaiong 27: The President of the National People's Party (NHPF), Bah Andreas Nongkynrieh today lodged a complaint against a person who identified herself as Rumi Chowdhury. exchange real money for counterfeit money.
(If) you try to block the rivers, you try to take over the rivers, we will never accept it," he added.
He said that everyone used to say that the road is the source of income, but in the village of Shem, this is the case.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Richard Mawkhiew said, “The KSU is like the Lyer that the people of Hynniewtrep breathe. ".
He spoke about another aspect of transforming India through digital agriculture and said that this is the future of the country and that talented youth can contribute well in this. .
The committee, which includes District Councils, Chief Executive Members and civil society groups, has submitted a report to the government to demand the implementation of the ILP in the state but the government of Dr Mukul Sangma has refused. he said.
Mira June Marsing said that if the government does not do anything to their demand.
His daily words are, “A man can receive nothing, except it be given him of God.
Furthermore, the organization has taken this decision, after the experience that; there are still many families who are really suffering; who live within the Jaiaw Village and perhaps this is one of the reasons; of the partial dropout rate of children in the current period.
“This should be made known to the whole country and the world.
The Dorbar Chnong Wapungskur has also urged all the residents to stay at home and refrain from moving from one house to another except for a few days. that there are unavoidable reasons.
This year's Durga Puja was held in all the places where there were pandals where people from different religions also came to witness the Durga Puja.
The union also requests the government to temporarily ban the entry and exit of foreigners while the situation is not calm in the state and neighboring states.
to urge the State Government and the Government of India to allocate a separate share from the budget of the State Government to the 54 Hima/Elaka in Khasi Hills, 19 Elaka in Jaintia Hills and for the Council of Nokmas as part of the support for to enhance their powers in the field of governance, customs, justice and the implementation of development schemes, in the children of the thousands and in their own Hima/Elaka.
“I urge the people to join hands with the union in this strike program for the benefit of the area,” said Bah Pakyntein and added that the employees of MeECL should also cooperate on this strike so that that it will be successful.
The Chief Minister said that the government has struggled to make the youth of the state self-sufficient in setting up their own businesses so that they can stand on their own feet. you of my work.
There are also government offices which have promised to pay pensions, salaries and so on to those who do not have Aadhaar.
"“If it is taken on the basis of consensus, we will be able to monitor the volatile areas and generally speaking it should be give and take," he said.
ST Morcha President Thomas Marak also launched the Vocal for Local program as part of the Gaon Chalo Abhiyan to reach all the villages in Meghalaya.
This painting is not only a decoration of the office of the Deputy Commissioner but also shows the unity between the culture and the interpretation of modern life.
Shillong, Nailur 7: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has given permission to the Congress party to hold a rally to welcome Vincent H Pala as President of the MPCC on 18th November
In Tatami, there are three types of fighting: Point Fighting, Kicklight and Light Contact.
On the other hand, the KSU strongly condemns the robbery by the police of Umbir village by breaking down the door of the house of Bah Roland Mawthoh and Kong Veronica Nongbsap while the police were conducting a search and arrest of KSU members in Umbir village. The police have made it clear that it is a harassment against the members of the KSU, youth and the Jaidbynriew as a whole. However, when there is an attack on our brothers and sisters living in the border area by the Assam Police and the Karbi Rebels (KPLT), the State Police cannot do anything.
LPS and Thangrai Govt.
The counting of votes for the election of the leaders to the House of Representatives of these two District Councils went smoothly without any incident.
Besides these essential equipment, Shillong will also witness the installation of CCTV Cameras (for surveillance and traffic management)-368, Emergency Call Box (ECB) -42, Public Address System (PAS)-58, Variable Message Displays (VMDs)-20, Street Lights (LED/Smart Lights with Light Point Controller, LPC)-300, Public Wi-Fi Hotspots-60, GPS based Vehicle Tracking for Solid Waste Management (SWM) Vehicles-50, and Smart Bins-200.
The Minister said that so far 617 people have been tested, 541 people have been negative and 65 people are awaiting results.
Police are conducting a thorough search operation to arrest Kaltu Rabha who is still on the run.
That also depends on discussions with village leaders and the community along with various groups.
Shillong, March 20: The Global Goal of SDG 2030 is to create inclusive cities, towns and cities that can include all without discrimination especially in economic development. .
The works implemented under this scheme are the distribution of wells, improvement, repair of water supply and hydromechanical works.
The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has set a goal to develop the North East. Regarding the development works in the region, the Central Government has done a lot of work. Barak Hostel at Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) for students from the North East and also a hostel for women from the North East at Bangalore University and the North Eastern Cultural and Information Center will soon be located in Delhi.
During these four days, the delegation will also visit historical sites in Shillong and Guwahati.
Shillong, November 24: Four persons were arrested by BSF while they were smuggling Shini to Bangladesh from Rongra in South Garo Hills District.
When it comes to the ksainar shiah as it is now, there are those who want and there are those who don't want.
We hope that through this initiative, it will bring about a clean future for our youth, said the Chairman of the Education Cell of KSU, NHKD, Samla Banjoplang Maring.
He said that all these allegations are baseless.
The emergence of such insurgents in Garo Hills has put the government in trouble due to the lack of police force.
When I told him that I was someone who had worked within a team, he conveyed his firm belief that I would be able to achieve people’s dreams.
The next step, said Myntri Rangbah Duh, is the development of factories in the region.
The vehicle belonged to one of the coal traders who used to park at the same place from time to time and jam himself by boat across the river to inspect the coal mining works. to the place known as the Assam Quarry.
After the march, a training session was held for the participants where Bah L.Marwein, Supervisor, District Malaria Office, Nongstoin explained in detail on the issue of health and how to prevent the spread of malaria. Malaria.
I will continue to remind the Government of Meghalaya of this issue.
“The State does not have the right to collect Service Tax.
This assistance was provided from the Governor's fund.
He spoke about the upcoming International Yoga Day and said that this has turned into a celebration around the world.
The letter was signed by Charlie J. Rani President and Teibor Shabong General Secretary.
The implementation of the Friendship Pipeline will further strengthen cooperation in the field of electricity between the two countries and this will continue to grow in Bangladesh, especially in the field of agriculture.
The union has demanded from the KHADC for this in the past months and now the KHADC has listened to the union's demand.
On the other hand, the government authorities have provided all the security measures and it was seen that the police have been patrolling around the city together with the magistrate to ensure that there will be no tragic incident.
Branches of 9 banks in Meghalaya have also taken part in various protests especially in Shillong. Today they held a protest in front of Bank SBI office. working in the state.
The villages under this Rambrai C&RD Block in West Khasi Hills District include Kyrshai, Nongspung Kyrshai, Mawpun, Dariphang, Doledonga, Umkhamdor, Mawdongkop, Borkhuli, Hasem, Warigro, Umdiangphiang. , Umdiangsiar, Talimara, Ukiam.
This incident happened while there is still a pandemic and the organization is still going to the villages to distribute relief goods to the people because of this lockdown but the sad thing is that fighting for the share of the poor.
The price of rice has been quoted by SP news according to information from the owners of rice in Iewduh. It is to be recalled that Saleng A Sangma MLA of the Congress party recently spoke on the price hike. “Suddenly, the market has affected the people,” he said.
We have traveled around the remote areas of Meghalaya with the goal of looking after the welfare and protecting the rights of the indigenous people.
During the meeting, Lt General Depinder Singh Ahuja discussed many issues related to the state of peace and stability in the state.
Households can apply for subsidies through a national platform and will be able to choose the right vendor to install rooftop solar.
The HYC has informed that the students are facing many problems because they have to write the cuet in Assam and other states in order to study for UG and PG courses. It has also created difficulties in traveling far away from the State.
He said that until now the police have not been able to detect any of these insurgent groups in the state but the police department has been monitoring this to ensure that they should not enter the state. state of Meghalaya.
The Government has done its utmost to assist them through Their welfare has also been considered in the drafting of new guidelines.
The election for the new CEM has been canceled after the dissolution of the EC led by Bah Teinwell Dkhar, CEM. The CEM candidate has withdrawn himself as a candidate, leaving only the nomination paper of Bah Latiplang Kharkongor.
Nongsiang said that in fact, the teachers have raised many issues to discuss with the Minister but only one issue related to the demand to pay salaries according to the 5th Pay Commission to the deficit teachers. The minister cannot promise anything and he does not know the problems of the teachers.
Titosstarwell Chyne also urged that the change of race should be against the affidavit.
“For the jobs that cannot be done by Khasi, the Dorbar Shnong will not issue NoC at all to do foreigners,” said Bah Mawrie.
The storm has also damaged the electricity supply and repairs are ongoing to restore the electricity supply to the people. This report has not yet been thoroughly investigated.
The same sentiment was expressed by the Chief Secretary of the State, RV Suchiang, IAS.
In a statement sent by Bah R Sawian President and Bah P Syiemlieh Secretary of the Society, they said that the Society is saddened to see the deterioration of the roads in Tyran area which falls under the 26-Shella. Constituency.
It may be recalled that the District Administration has closed down the jhur market because the vendors and buyers have not respected the government's order to keep a distance from each other.
On the other hand, the Director said that the office will deploy officers to ensure that the employees should not leave. punish those who violate the rules.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: U Bah Jansing Tynsong MDC of Langkyrdem and Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem MDC of Mawryngkeng today joined the National People's Party (NPP). Kharlukhi is inside the party.
Regarding the preparations for the first meeting, the Minister visited various Y20 program centers like IIT Guwahati, Sankardev Kalakshetra and others and talked to the officers of the Y20 programme. State Government and other stakeholders.
He added that the public should not have any worries regarding the fuel supply of vehicles as the owners of petrol pumps have already forgotten the petrol supply which can last about 2 or day.
We have asked the police to conduct an investigation according to the legal procedures,” said Dr Ampareen.
During these three days, there were discussions on issues related to the recovery of assets, those who are hiding from the law due to money laundering, cooperation opportunities to share information, procedures to against corruption and cooperation in legal matters, among others.
Furthermore, there will be 75 programs in various venues on the opening day on 13th July,
Only the North East is afraid of the BJP or Congress in Delhi, that's why they start taking advantage of us at will.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the party, Bah Dino DG Dympep, said that the government should immediately arrest the perpetrators of these crimes. To release this government should investigate and punish those involved.
He said that this is like allowing foreigners to work as they please in the Hima Jirang.
The march was led by the police through Lower Lachumier and Madan Malki. More than 1,000 people attended the march. They also carried placards to condemn the speech of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare against them.
It will benefit 72,000 thousand residents, including water wells.
The MLA of Mairang today also fulfilled one of his duties as a leader by delivering 23000 kilograms of rice to those households who do not have the money to buy and also to eat.
In the complaint, the Congress candidate said that Agatha and James went from house to house to distribute money to ask people to vote for the NPP candidate in Taktaki village. However, the Congress workers have informed her about this behavior of the NPP leaders, she alleged in the Ejahar signed by Miani D Shira.
It is learned that these robbers, who numbered about 40 persons, came to room number 18 of the Kupli hostel and when they entered they searched for the members of the HYC. “He escaped injury in the fight. When they fled the room, they also bombed a student from Assam,” said Enlang.
Herbert Joe is the son of Edwina Marbaniang and Albinus Dkhar of Jakhong Village, Nongkhlaw Diocese.
He said that the road was used by the residents without any problems in the years 1983-1
The Chief Minister said that the customs and traditions of the people of the state have already become the center for the development of tourism in the state. the spirit of hard work and to do anything according to this age.
This clearly shows that the Government of India wants to attack our privacy again,' he said.
He said that the Minister has promised to take action on this issue and to resolve this issue immediately and urged the students who have not yet received scholarships to go. I would like to visit the office of the Director of Higher and Technical Education.
Jowai, Jymmang 07: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has written to the companies in East Jaintia Hills District to buy dewbilat at T. 6000 tyngka per tonne of coal from the people.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The Meghalaya government has decided to take over the Meghalaya House on Russell Street in Kolkata.
He said the right of people to a good trial will increase as a result.
Three other cases have been confirmed from Ri Bhoi District, two from Green Wood Resort, two from 13 miles away, one from Ri Bhoi District. At one of the call centers in Guwahati, one was to get medicine and one was to get tested.
From today onwards, the ceremonies will continue until the end of the day.
When it comes to diseases in the environment in agriculture, many of these pathogens work together to cause disease.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The Opposition has met at the residence of Opposition Leader Dr Donkupar Roy today to discuss the No Confidence Motion. you are in the AT Mandal meeting.
From the place where the dorbar hall is being built, it will be very difficult to reach the place where part of the well has collapsed. another work and it is for the right part.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) East Khasi Hills District today expressed its regret over the construction of a new building at Mawlong Market.
The Federation of Khasi States has demanded that all 60 MLAs, 90 MDCs of Khasi Jaintia & Garo including three MPs should demand from the Government of India to introduce the Instrument of Accession. and Annexed Agreement under Article 370 of the Constitution of India.
“There are many families, men and women who have fallen victim to alcoholism in East Jaintia Hills District.
After the injection, your body produces proteins to fight infections.
East Jaintia Hills Police on receiving a tip-off conducted a search operation and arrested Shokhothang Touthang, 41, resident of Imphal Langol, Manipur. 278.03 grams of heroin were seized from him.
“They have visited and investigated and found that there are schools at various levels from Deficit Schools, Adhoc Schools to Government Schools with only two teachers and two students and three or four teachers. teacher.
The residents are afraid that an incident may happen in the coming days if the authorities do not take care of the torti, said Marak.
On this occasion, he recalled the desire of Father Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh to eat kwai at the door of God, Dr DD Lapang in which they were able to achieve their desire to have Ri Bhoi District.
Briefing on the Youth-20 to be held within the G20, the Sports Minister said, “Only our youth can fulfill Swami Vivekananda's dream of making India a Vishwaguru. in the 21st century.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Hynniewtrep People's Front (HPF) has renewed its office bearers in Ri Bhoi District on 2/02/2 the President of the District.
W Basaiawmoit (Secretary HYC-Sengkmie).
Mr. HH Mohrmen said.
Vijay Lashmi Singh, interim president of BWWA, congratulated the BSF chiefs for their willingness to join hands in this important blood donation.
Other Governors of the States who were appointed today include Brig.
The Principal of IHM Shillong has spoken to the Principal of IHM Shillong, who said that this is the mistake of the staff of the school in not paying the fees. structure is wrong for these students of batch 2017-2
Finally, in the meeting with all the doctors in charge, we have received many suggestions on how to fight against this disease and they have requested the union to demand that the government should set up a corona care centre. inside Amlarem.
Shillong, Iaiong 26: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District has donated its resources to help the poor families who have been severely affected by the curfew to fight against COVID-1
It also supports the initiatives of the State Governments and UTs to provide speedy justice to those who commit such crimes in the country including the rural areas.
The demands put forward by the relevant authorities are to make the contractors full time employees, to implement equal pay for the same job according to the law. The Supreme Court, to immediately implement the benefits promised by the relevant authorities through letter No.MeECL/CA/PER/153/2016/58 dated 10/04/18, and to pay to reduce the arear and wages of employees mandays or workcharge according to the new minimum wages and not to force them to sign contract agreements which are illegal and violate the rights of employees.
There are 4 recoveries from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from West Garo Hills. a total of 91954 people.
In his speech, the President of the NCYI, Justice JB Koshy, reminded the youth that they have a great responsibility and they have to take responsibility in the work that affects them. the unity of the country to take responsibility for the development of India.
Regarding the second demand, the adviser said that the minister has given assurance that the ASHAs themselves will not have to pay anything if they are sick to be treated in hospitals.
Stating that the youth are the shapers of the future of India, Anurag Thakur said, “Our youth have to decide the future of the country.
Education is not just to acquire knowledge but the important thing is that education is the path of people's lives to become a tool for use in people's lives, where the Victory comes after self-sacrifice without hesitation until you reach the goal.
Shillong, June 21:The Hoobastank Band from the United States will arrive in India for the first time on the 27th of this month. The Editor in Chief of TNT magazine, Pradyot Bikram Deb Barma, said that the celebration will be a big one for TNT magazine on the 29th of this month. those who read this magazine.
Speaking at the meeting, the Governor of Meghalaya, V.Shanmuganthan said that teachers are the shapers of the future of the children and as a day to honor teachers, it is a day to honor them. to all those teachers who have dedicated themselves to this work for the sake of the students.
Speaking to media, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, said that the meeting has decided that shops in Iewduh should be closed from 10:00 am every month. night.
They also said that the announcement by the Commissioner of Food Safety was sudden and did not specify whether the test would be conducted every day or once.
If a rally is required, each candidate will be allowed to hold a public rally only once.
The e-scooties and e-autos were launched by the Editor of The Shillong Times, Padmashree Patricia Mukhim who was the chief guest in the presence of the President of the Shillong Press Club (SPC) David Laitphlang. , Managing Director of JETS24x7 Pynskhemlang Uriah and others who were invited.
“It is surprising that the Meghalaya government has already released the money but it has not released the money,” said Syad.
The filing of nomination papers for the MDC election in JHADC will end tomorrow morning at 3 pm and on the same day the nomination papers of the candidates who have filed their nomination papers will be scrutinized. .
When asked whether these conflicts will affect the peace talks, Conrad said the peace talks are to prevent more conflicts like what happened in the last 50 years.
Regarding the preparations for the Assembly elections, he informed the political parties that if only one or two members of the Election Commission of India come, they will not be invited. but if they come as a group of all three, there will be a meeting with the political parties in the state.
Shillong, November 31: The President of the Khasi Jaintia Butcher Association (KJBA) on Tuesday said that Nabam Vivek has contested from the National People's Party (NPP) in the last MLA election in Arunachal Pradesh. The smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh is due to the lack of action by the Meghalaya government.
The BJP has claimed that it was the Congress party which passed the anti-conversion laws in the country. Madhya Pradesh and Arunachal Pradesh have passed the Freedom of Religion Act, 1978, which prohibits people from converting from one religion to another.
She said that the cooperation of all will help to achieve such big goals.
The implementation of the ILP does not mean to eliminate the mainstream but to allow the minorities to be equal to other high paid ethnic groups and through this equality of all means that word you're 'mainstream' in urlong.
The Forest Department of the State Government has informed that since the issuance of permission to these factories, they have been directed to purchase rynga from outside the state. state.
Reliance Pyrngapnajla Meghalaya has received the National Florence Nightingale Award for the year 2022 for her hard work.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The Dorbar of Chiefs of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee, has expressed its gratitude to the Hon. In connection with the special letter received today from Rashtrapati Bhavan, New Delhi, in which he congratulated the Dorbar Ri to be held on 13th Feb 2013 (copy attached) and also a letter from Hon. Shri.V Kishore Chandra Deo, MP, Union Minister for Tribal Affairs, Government of India, who said that these indigenous rulers have their own unique rule which is not seen in others and hoped that They will be an example to other ethnic groups in India. Three days later, the Chiefs from Village, Raid to Hima, Elders, Longkmie, Youth, Women and Men, will meet before the Dorbar Bah of the Dorbar Ri. from 10 am to 3 pm on the 13th Feb 2013, in front of Mot Tirot Singh, Mairang, Office of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima.
This RAI violates the decisions taken in 1954 and 1961 by the 8th Bench and the 6th Bench of the Supreme Court
Speaking to reporters at Madan Weiking, he said that the “Shad Suk Mynsiem” is a blessed thanksgiving dance for the whole year of the past year and to ask for the blessings of the coming year. In the year they have received the permission to follow the rules.
Regarding the EVMs, she said that they can be installed but she relies on the Election Commission.
The Chief Minister said that when he came to power in 2018, he saw that the state needs infrastructure such as roads, schools, health and many other buildings which are necessary to carry out the development of the state.
Shillong, Naitung 08: To repair the collapsed road at Wahmawlangdiar, Mawksir Rait will take time and this will put the residents of this area in a difficult situation as dozens of villages have to repair the road. walk on this road.
Bishop Rev Victor Lyngdoh was also present at the ceremony.
Referring to Meghalaya, Bah Shibun said that this exchange of money has reduced the insurgency especially in the Garo Hills where insurgency has decreased and peace has started to come. struggle still exists to solve this problem.
According to the union's investigation, it was found that the Forest Department had allocated land for the construction of the Temple at Mahadev Khola in 1923 and the land was allocated for religious purposes and not for invasion.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Resolution Forum (HBDF) today met with the Chief Secretary of the State Government to submit a memorandum on the issues of the people living in the Border Block. Shandame Sungoh, Chairman of the Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Resolution Forum, said that since the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council came to set up a check gate at Khanduli village, the check gate has been closed since the beginning of the month.
The BSF has written to the District Administration to auction these cows so that the same cows will not reach Bangladesh. more patrolling to curb smuggling activities on the border with Bangladesh.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: To remove superstition from the minds of the people, the police have conducted a public awareness campaign outside Shillong, such a public meeting was held at Madanlyngdoh village, Nongkynrih.
“If in any form, my contribution will continue to serve the country and the nation as much as I can through politics,” he said.
Shillong, Nailur 25: As part of the celebration of Swachhta Hi Seva across India, the Holy Month is celebrated.
As of 3rd November 2024, these 100 cities have completed 7,188 projects (90% of all projects) worth T 1,44,237 crore as part of this Mission.
“Many of the residents who went to collect medicines have been facing problems due to the traffic jam for hours on Mawlaingut road due to the movement of trucks.
CST only on the issuance of C-Forms as about 95% of the traders have them while other methods of payment of tax are still allowed to go to the offices to complete the requirements.
Likewise, the demonstration of fighting techniques on the ground has benefited the troops,” said Commanding Officer KK Bajpai.
In the evening, the KSU Mawlai Syllaikariah Week was inaugurated by the KSU Mawlai Syllaikariah Unit which started on 31st July
Shillong, Nailar 04: The Meghalaya Forest Department has rejected the plan to set up an elephant reserve in West Khasi Hills District following the opposition of the landowners.
The vehicles seized have proper documents and the muid and cows brought from Assam will be sent to Jaintia Hills. I went to Bangladesh.
Shillong, August 08: Former Rangbah Shnong of Umsaw Mawjynrong, Bah Tony Thabah, in a complaint lodged with the Mawlai Police Station, said that in 2011, he was taken to Mawiong. Bah Arnesson Dkhar warned that if he does not sign the papers, he will face a serious problem.
On the other hand , we have received information that many of the Khasi who went to protest in Khadc have been misled by those people who are related to the Dkhars , who have been involved in corruption and those who earn money to oppose the issues of the Hynniewtrep people.
The CEO, IZ Wrenge, spoke on the benefits of the EVM-VVPAT machines in all the places. DC office all.
“From time to time, we receive complaints that there are robberies of trucks on the National Highway.
The rules of procedure of this committee is to check all the announcements of candidates and political parties before publishing them in the media, if there is any suspicion of payment of money.
On the other hand, HANM has suggested to the government to take care of itself so that it can eradicate this disease and if the government understands the value of human life it should “To listen to this suggestion of HANM,” said Bah Lam Kharbani President of HANM in a statement.
To fight against this peaceful access to weapons from the region, one government alone cannot do anything. It requires the cooperation of all the states of the North East. You don't have the political will to do it.
Shillong, Iaiong 11: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that although the government has decided to allow the opening of markets in the villages which used to be once a day after the 15th of this month. but the Deputy Commissioners were not allowed to take a decision whether to open or close.
Shillong, March 18: The District Administration of East Khasi Hills District has announced that due to the curfew called by the HNLC on the 21st and 22nd of this month, the government will it provided vehicles to transport government officials.
In the women's category, Aidaris Lyngkhoi went 1st, Happiness Phawa 2nd and Evemarry Ramsiej 3rd.
Lahkmen said the government understands the problems of the teachers and has had many meetings to discuss the problems of the teachers. What you are asking for is not new but old.
Rahul Gandhi, to speak on many issues that affect the people of India in their daily lives, was also seen. it is the increase in the price of food and beverages, unemployment, if it is the peace of women.
Speaking to media, Bah Kharkongor said that the election went smoothly except for one place where the polling machine was broken which was repaired after a while.
He urged them to be brave to come forward and to cooperate with the government for their own benefit.
What has affected is that every year we have seen the sale of kseh trees in Motphran during this Christmas season but this time there has been no such sale due to the short time when the people Shillong has returned to peace and order.
On this occasion, the DC RM Kurbah also honored the 11 VECs in different blocks of East Khasi Hills District. There are only about 75 areas which have been irrigated for more than 100 years and it is a pride that Meghalaya has two of these areas which have been irrigated for more than 100 years.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: Meghalaya will receive 233 petrol pumps, Deputy General Manager K Mohan, today announced that Meghalaya will receive 233 petrol pumps. new pump and those who wish can apply from today.
From the UDP, Metbah Lyngdoh, Lakmen Rymbui and Kyrmen Shylla have been elected to the Cabinet.
Natasha Manar from Meghalaya in her meeting with the Minister of State for Child Development expressed her gratitude to Modi and hoped that the region will receive more opportunities and assistance from the Central Government in the coming days. She urged the youth from Meghalaya to apply for vacancies in the Central Government departments.
The bus stand, which was inaugurated today, will assist in the parking of vehicles traveling to Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Maipur, Mizoram, Tripura and Assam. shisha for the people of this area.
After discussion in the House, the House approved the resolution brought by the Government to demand from the Central Government that the CAA should be withdrawn from Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the civil society groups alleged that this is just ignorance and ignorance, how can we not know the laws that have been in force in this state since ancient times in this Khasi society.
When the Persian King Darius first came to invade this place known as India today, he reached the Sindhu River, only because the Persians at that time could not escape the name Sindhu, in that place. The 'S' was used with the 'H' and from that time on the people who lived near the Sindhu River were known as Hindus. The Sindhu River is known as the Indus River, and is now in Pakistan.
Prime Minister Duh said he will visit Indonesia next month for the briefings of the G-20 Presidency of India and urged all the states and their governments to take their part in this as much as possible.
to take part in all 5 competitions.
The Rangbah Shnong of Muktapur, one of the villages on the Bangladesh border, was also present at the meeting.
The party also sends its condolences to the family of Bah P.Majaw who passed away on this tragic incident.
Due to the curfew, it was learned that some shopkeepers have decided to increase the price of beverages by selling them at higher prices.
The Hima has closed many roads to enter the market by sending siej to these roads and only those main roads have been opened. market and market visitors have to wash their hands when entering and leaving.
Morris is a resident of Malki, Wahkdait and is survived by his wife Slomi Khyriemmujat and children Paul Khyriemmujat and Banri Khyriemmujat.
Regarding the government's decision to assist the poor households who have not received any assistance from the government, the Cabinet today received an estimate that all of them have received assistance of T.700/- 1,20,2000/- per month and this payment will be for three months ie they will receive T.2100/- tyngka.
In addition, the RDA has promised to review the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP), CUET, the Three Language Formula, the participation of youth in higher and technical education, to support farmers and to establish an Agricultural Research Center in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Iaiong 02: U Campbell, one of the Australian Olympic athletes, said that the youth of Meghalaya have been able to compete in the Olympic Games on the second day of the Elite Pathway Program (EPP). They have the talent and soon they will be selected to take part in the Olympic Games.
He directed the institutions to look at their training offerings and understand if these meet the upcoming requirements.
Speaking to media, the Minister of State, Bah Kyrmen, said that during the meeting, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs urged the government not to grant bail within two or three days. They have been arrested because as it is now, if they are arrested within two days, they will be released on bail.
There are about 170 participants from 17 states with world tourism and 40 prominent countries.
The current list is a violation of the special category for SC and OBCs to enter the Khasi Jaintia category, after it was clarified that they say it is from the General Category and the How do they distinguish between Open Category and what they know is Open Category?
Dr C Iangrai, who was in the vehicle, was injured and was taken to Woodland Hospital for treatment. Police are conducting investigation.
Police today arrested two more persons under the POSCO Act and they are Sandeep Bisawa, 27, and Elberd. Shemphrang Kharlukhi.
"“Secondly, I want to stress that land is life and for that reason this is life and death for future generations," he said.
The members of this group shared their experiences with the beneficiaries from the rural areas and urged them to spread the message about the schemes and programs so that more people can benefit. .
Mizoram's tourism industry has spread across the country and abroad and has placed Mizoram among the world's tourist destinations.
Students from Meghalaya who have applied for the CUET examination to study at NEHU have also received placements in Guwahati, Assam, Kolkata, Nagaland, Manipur and Mizoram.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The BSF Wives Welfare Association (BWWA) has donated blood at NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong.
The child who was raped by these criminals is from neighboring villages.
In the meeting with the Prime Minister, he said that the Prime Minister will send the recommendation to the committee and once they have received it, they will look into it. The Chief Secretary shall send the file to the Chief Secretary.
There is a big difference in today's era where those who have more are getting more and those who don't have more, the Green Economics Institute, UK has held a conference. specializing in discussing the global economy.
The party once again urges and requests Mukul Sangma and all the MLAs to take action to pass the National Defense Act as demanded by the party.
Shillong, July 22: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has removed Bah Shemphang Thabah as the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima through an order announced on 14th July Thousands of residents of Sohiong Hima have requested the District Council to complete within six months the election of the new Lyndoh of Sohiong Hima.
There are 1168 cases in the state, 820 cases in East Khasi Hills, 43 cases in West Khasi Hills, 78 cases in Ri Bhoi, 3 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 12 cases in West Garo Hills and 172 cases in West Garo Hills. Garo Hills 1, South Garo Hills 12, East Garo Hills 12 and North Garo Hills
While Samla Dilast and Monlang were returning from the office of the DC West Jaintia Hills, they had a meeting with the Volunteers of Shken Pyrsit Village as a sign of joining hands to carry the burden of the pandemic. society especially during this time of COVID-1
The discussion on “Women Leaders in the Northeast” will focus on the various roles of women as leaders, recognizing their important role in laying the foundation for a strong and prosperous society. stay in the area.
Shillong, July 26: The KSU Mawlai Mawlaiong Umjapung Unit on the 26th July 2023 has distributed Kombor and jaiñ tapmoh to more than 70 residents of Mawlai Mawlaiong Umjapung Village. noh you age.
NESO has taken note of the incident and the failure of the Lajpat Nagar police station to register a case against Farhan, 25, a shop owner and Akram's brother. 23, who led to tided the student until he lost his life.
Abraham T. Superintendent of Police, North Garo Hills, Resubelpara has been appointed Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills, Tura.
On the delay in the Government of India's approval of the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya, Bah Jyrwa said, “The distance of the minorities in the North East from India since ancient times is their own doing. When we gained independence we did not get the rights of the states of the North East.
This means that they are not Government employees.
Still, if they react against that we will not take another route," he said.
Out of the total amount seized, T.40 lakh has been handed over to the Income Tax Department. Any seizure of more than T.50 lakh should go to the Income Tax Department. .
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, PS Dkhar, Superintendent of Police, HGLngdoh and other officials of other departments have been sent to meet with the leaders. of the Church to discuss and discuss the arrangements for the service.
More than 120 Corona Care Centers and hospitals have been inspected by officers through the Corona Care Management (CCM) Application, which tracks people at risk of contracting the disease and those who have been confirmed positive. from the time they register themselves in hospitals or health centers until they are released to go home.
Lakpa has retired from the State Bank of India. His death has brought a great loss to his family.
Hercules Suting President of the HYC urged Bah Barnabas not to harass these farmers because from the slab documents it appears that the farmland belongs to them. The union urges him not to harass the farmers anymore. If he continues to harass the farmers, the union will not hesitate to appeal to the higher authorities.
“As it is now, after our protest as four organizations, we have seen that the government has started to repair the damaged parts of the NH 44 such as in Khliehriat and Tuberkmai Shnong while other parts of the NH 44 have been badly damaged, the government has not done anything yet,” said Bah MH Dkhar President of AJYWO Sengkmie.
However, the Health Department has not yet set up any Sub or Primary Center in the village because cleanliness and health should go hand in hand.
As the people, they cannot do anything, but this action is to show the unity of the country and sympathy for them.
Speaking at a meeting of the party at the party office, u Bah Metbah said that in fact today the names of the candidates should have been announced. announce at some point that they will let you know.
The Seng urges the Government not to accept the documents of foreigners who are willing to mislead and also who claim to be citizens of this state just to participate in the scholarship. doctor who is eligible only for native students.
The 12 girls said that they were abducted from their homes in the presence of their parents. have been two bodies for six months.
Regarding the land used by individuals or companies for the construction of power plants, if there are those who wish to invest, the government is ready to purchase them. hand over to investors he said.
During the inspection, Foundation officials witnessed that a private individual (yet to be named) had thrown mud over the stream connecting to the courtyard.
The JAC leaders said that if we look at the light outage in Ribhoi area for 24 hours, the JAC is deeply saddened because if we think of the children who read, parents who provide electricity.
Shillong, Naitung 18: There are 30 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 4 in Ri Bhoi, 1 in South West Garo Hills and 13 in West Garo Hills. West Jaintia Hills 1, 216 cases have been reported.
She said that the NSS branch of the college has been doing this good work from time to time.
The expansion of the Kamakhya-Lokmanya Tilak Express (once a month) to Agartala (Tripura) will provide a rail link between Tripura and Mumbai.
“Phase-I has already been called for tender.
Shillong, Naitung 22: U Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar today visited the marten after the Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun closed down the marten on the 21st of this month. 7/2021.
The event was led by Bah Rostanwell Hadem, the Riew Rangbah of the Shnong who has been taking care of the tree since the beginning. He expressed his satisfaction that the Seng has now agreed to complete the Jri Bridge.
The Prime Minister said the government wants to see that by November 2019 all households will have electricity.
On this occasion, a meeting was held with the Prime Minister on how to find ways to talk to the Indian Oil Corporation depot to reopen the oil field at Pyllun, Ri Bhoi District, Meghalaya.
Shillong Sadar Police Station has arrested a robber for allegedly breaking into a house in Umsohsun, Shillong and robbing a woman identified as Kong Janaki Toi, years of age.
Shillong, Lber 09: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to a question by Dr Amapreen Lyngdoh MLA regarding the land for the agriculture high school at Kyrdemkulai, said: He said it is true that the government has taken the land for the construction of the Central Agricultural University.
The meeting also discussed how to bring together the ethnic groups in one platform so that they can express their concerns.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: An emergency meeting was held between the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) with the Rangbah Shnongs and members of various Dorbar Shnongs after the meeting with the Minister. Head of State Shri.Conrad.
Such an Institute will help our youth from the district to train as school teachers so that they can get adequate opportunities and we want the government to take action as soon as possible on this issue.
: Your mouth is not created by your friend and you must not be able to do it exactly until you are able to do it.
The author hoped that the publication of this book would go to the fees of the poor children studying in schools and colleges.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said that MeECL has to pay up to T.10.65 crore per month and besides this, MeEDCL has other payments. He said that the money was taken to run MeECL and if the money is not taken, MeECL will continue to borrow money.
Regarding the demand for the dismissal of those involved in the meeting, it was informed at the meeting that the government has appointed a Judicial Inquiry and the team of inquiry will look into the incident in detail. Justice T.Vaiphei has been appointed to head the investigation team.
Police have urged the public to cooperate in the fight against this evil which has destroyed many youngsters of Shillong and many elderly people have also become addicted to this alcoholic beverage. bad.
The House Committee has invited MDCs from the ruling party as well as from the opposition party to meet with the people at Nongbah Jynrin to talk and meet them.
But he said it was because of these differences that people were able to share all this.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Jhunwala, owner of JC Shop, said that Police Bazar is a residential area and the market is also in the same area. He said that for a few years, the traffic on this road has been suspended and it has encouraged unregistered people who have not received permission to sell their goods in Police Bazar.
Today, on receiving information that some agents have tried to deceive the army, the KSU South West Khasi Hills District under the leadership of Samla KSU Rangthong Unit under the leadership of Samla Pynskhem Shangdiar, President and General Secretary Samla Hamir Syiemlieh, DC SWKHD, led by Samla Hamir Syiemlieh, DC SWKHD. It is the fact that the BSF has decided to take the land in Rangthong village for the purpose of setting up a military base.
The Meghalaya Votes Mobile Application (G2C) was also launched on the occasion for the benefit of the people of the state. District, Constituency and their EPIC in the place where they are located.
On the other hand, the MLA of the area urged the government to take action to set up a Police Outpost in Barato village so that the area can provide peace of mind to the people of the area.
He said that the passing away of Bah Khongwir is a loss not only to the Mawlai Constituency but to the State as a whole.
Shillong, November 17: The BJP has elected Bah Sen Thabah as its president, Steborsing Kharsati as its vice president and many others. office bearers of the organization.
The Union will hold a meeting of all SSA teachers in the State on the 16th of this month at the Khasi National Durbar Hall Mawkhar, Shillong at 11 am to take a final decision. Teachers have to say whether they agree or not with the decision of the CEC before the MSSASA – Central Body submits a letter to the State Government.
Shillong, March 17: The Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SAM) will hold a 10 meter pistol shooting tournament at Pynursla tomorrow.
Deacon Lambert Marbaniang, Deacon Moses Khongwir from the Diocesan Church and Deacon Barrister Khongrymmai from the Jesuit Church.
Due to the protests of the people of Mizoram, the counting of votes in Mizoram has been postponed to 4/12/2023 which means that the counting of votes in North East India will be held tomorrow.
In fact, the work on the top of the hill is under a scheme of T.40 lakh tyngka. Disparsing said.
He said that the punishment for them will be according to the work they have done and the government will take care of this and the BSF should pay the compensation to the wife of Bah Roning Nongkynrih.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Khasi Students' Union Shnongpdeng Unit on 30.03.19 donated household items to some of the poor people in the village. who are in the village of Shnongpdeng.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Two tragic incidents have occurred in these days in which a 16-year-old girl has gone missing from her home and a 19-year-old girl has been suspected of being killed by unknown persons. can be tipped.
It is surprising that this place is near the Assembly but the state leaders are blind and every time they go to the Assembly but they cannot see this place.
The proposal to connect the states of the region to the North East by railway and other parts of India will greatly contribute to the development of the North East. in India.
More importantly, they should explain to their fellow Hindus through the media or in any other way that they feel should not allow the religious leaders or the public who come to see or perform Puja to drink alcohol and There is a lot of talk in the villages during the Puja.
The AAP has fought hard to raise awareness among the people about corruption and this should be eradicated and this can be done with the understanding of the people to bring about political change.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Minister in charge of District Council Affairs (DCA), Bah Hamletson Dohling, on Tuesday said that the extension or enactment of the Administrator's Rule within the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GAA) will depend on the decision of the Cabinet. .
The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has approved the implementation of the Khasi Hills Building and Structure Regulating Authority (KHBSRA) to have its own authority to issue building permits and building permits. The EC in its meeting today approved the deo and the permission to build the KHADC building. the implementation of various schemes of the Council, the implementation of the Council's Market Act and also the Meghalaya Land Survey Records Preparation Act
Every farmer of the riudei is a VIP in front of me.
On the other hand, the officers who led the students were Bah JM War, Forester One, Beat Officer Lailad Forest Beat, Bah Nip Syngkli, Forester and Bah James Rani, Forest Guard. this bag.
This is our purpose.
The BJP Youth Wing said that this is an insult to the people of Meghalaya as a whole where the government has ignored the future of the students of the state.
Expressing his personal opinion on the issue of Reservation Policy, Bah Wahlang said, “As the people of Nongstoiñ Constituency have elected me, and at the same time when I speak I am not speaking only for the Nongstoin Constituency but for the state and the nation as a whole.
He referred to the Prevention of Child Sexual Abuse (POCS0), 2012, under section 74 of the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2015 and under section 228 A (1) of the Indian Penal Code. Code ( IPC),1860.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, HYC Mawhati Circle General Secretary Kitdor Shadap said that they are ready to meet with the Minister in charge of C&RD Block. to demand that the government should set up its own C&RD block as until now there are no more than 153 villages in this area.
On behalf of the company, LS Puni Isaac, Assistant Manager, National Insurance Company Limited signed the agreement on behalf of the company in the presence of Minister of Health and Family Welfare James K Sangma and other officials. from the state Department of Health.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The second day of the India International Cherry Blossom Festival, 2019 has witnessed the participation of the people in all the programs scheduled for this day including tourists, villagers. and especially the children.
Lower Primary School (GLPS) and Govt.
However, this selflessness of this hero has made his name and reputation to survive to this day and that people continue to proclaim this name which he has done.
Even China, which is a Communist country, was famous in the past for such inherited regimes but now they have disappeared, how much more India, which is a democratic country, still needs to be destroyed. to such kinds of government.
He said that India will celebrate its 75th anniversary of independence in 2022 and before that time India must create a new India.
Tura, July 23: A clash has broken out between police and GNLA militants at Mikilsimgre village in East Garo Hills District.
On the demand of some civil society organizations to implement the ILP in the state by starting a protest by holding iong flags, the Chief Minister said that they should understand and see. The government has taken action to curb the infiltration of foreigners.
On the same morning, on the 30th of June, the body of Bah Phisar Nongrum was recovered, on the following morning, the body of Bah Lumlang Riahtam and Finally, before dark, the bodies of the couple, Bah Kynmaw Syngai and Kong Benti Riahtam, were recovered from the same place.
The arrest of these persons was made with the help of the public who informed the police.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The District Social Welfare Office, together with the Madanriting Police Station today held a march from Madanryting to the Dorbar Shnong Hall of the village to protest against drug abuse.
When he arrived in Shillong, he boarded a market bus carrying passengers and there were about six passengers in the bus which left Shillong and walked for about 3 hours to reach the village.
The allocation of T.10 lakh to the MDCs of KHADC is to get the lat to solve the problem of the contractors. the crowd met.
Tura, Jymmang 19: The Sacred Heart Higher Secondary School, Dalu today held a special prayer inside the Ampati Parish where the parish has been demanded Rs 5 lakh by the Achik National Liberation Army (ALP). ANLA).
In his speech, Abdul Sayeed Khar, Secretary General of the All India Regional Rural Bank Employees Association (AIRRBEA) said that the freedom fighters did not only fight to escape from their rule but also fought to free themselves from their rule. also to free them from poverty.
Praying for eternal rest, the Prime Minister recalled that Rev Dominic Jala was consecrated on 19th November 1977 by the Salesians of Don Bosco. He was Provincial of Guwahati Province and was elected Archbishop of Shillong in November
Regarding the assistance, the Minister said that they have to look into the rules of the SDRF and if the rule is approved, the government will provide assistance. at home on this tragic incident that the Lord the Creator has given condolences.
The rise of the digital payment system can be observed.
This coal has been mined in our state for 60 years.
Referring to the target of the Central Government, the Prime Minister assured to make the lives of every citizen of the country easier, a commitment which he said is a sign of this year's budget announcements.
The two persons are from Saiden Ri Bhoi, who tested positive for COVID-19 in November 2021, and after testing positive, it was found that the virus is Omicron, the delay in receiving the result is due to the need for genome sequencing and when the result was received it was found to be Omicron.
Dr Mukul Sangma will be the second candidate in the state to contest the MLA election from two constituencies, Sangsak and Ampati.
Mayralborn said that on his part as an MLA, due to the large number of roads that are still ahead to be repaired, they will be in other districts of the state.
He said that tomorrow morning he will be able to get more detailed information as the damage has spread from Zeo Point to many villages in Umsning area. help these families who have been affected by the natural disaster.
The State Government is struggling to provide MHIS in collaboration with the Central Government scheme known as PMJAY and this scheme is to increase the assistance to T.5,00,000/ - money for a house.
At the same time, the union has also held a meeting with the Doctor In-charge of the Dispensary in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong and also the elders of the area to discuss this issue. decided to hold another meeting on the 5th of this month.
The Central Executive Council of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) has strongly warned the Forest Department of the State Government not to force the residents of the state who sell their goods along the road in the area of ​​7 Mer, Upper Shillong.
In a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah S.Nongtnger, it was reported that on Tuesday night at 11:00 pm, a person was sleeping lyngktop in the middle of the road. Laitkor road is not known.
The reason why we have taken this decision is because we understand the importance of the time when many churches have a part to play in welcoming and celebrating Christmas and the New Year and we want this The celebration shall be a free, peaceful and prosperous celebration and let them celebrate and welcome the New Year with peace and happiness and especially with hope.
The meeting was opened by the Union Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Faggan Singh Kulaste.
The tournament will be organized by Goodwave Adventure from Bangalore and the team has organized seven such tournaments and hopes that the people of the state will support this tournament and this tournament is sponsored by Government of Meghalaya.
Amit Shah said India's economy is now the fourth largest economy in the world and good financial management by the North Eastern states is necessary to raise it to the highest level. two in the world.
Other religious leaders, Rev Richard Majaw, Rev MJ Hynniewta and Secretary Rama Krishan Mission Swami Hitakamananda, expressed their gratitude to the government for allowing the opening of places of worship.
Tomar said the mission, which has already been allocated T 11,040 crore, will bring in 6.5 lakh hectares under oil palm cultivation, of which 3.28 lakh hectares will be in the North East and 3.22 hectares in other parts of the country. country in the next 5 years.
In this meeting, the union urged the CEM not to rush into this matter and the EC should consider whether to issue or reject the NOC for the construction of this road. go to Mauthabah.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 03: The Union Government today decided to increase the excise duty on petrol by T.5 tyngka and diesel by T.10 tyngka from today. The price reduction will be according to the revenue reduction and this will be of assistance to the farmers during this harvest season.
If this plan of these importers succeeds, the threat facing those people of Meghalaya who are able to work and trade Mawshun is that there are no words to describe the problems, suffering, sorrow, and misery of the people of Mawshun. those people of Meghalaya especially those rural areas who live and earn their living from the work and mining in Meghalaya.
Phudmyrdong Village, Mawkohtep, Umtyrnuit, Mawmyrsing, Mawmyrsing, Sohram-Lwai, Ummawlong, Mawshyieng, Nonglwai, Madan Sawser, Mawshyieng, Mawshyieng Umlawbah River, Mawling Light, Mawpen Light, Mawlum and Umkaber Rivers.
Shillong, July 11: U Bah Pyrwa Lymba, Dalloi of Amlarem Sub Division, West Jaintia Hills District, has strictly prohibited the public from visiting the area. Umngot, without informing the Elaka, he did not come.
In 2013, the Ministry of Home Affairs of India asked the state government whether the Khasi language is spoken by more than 500,000 people, according to the 2011 census. There are more than 14 lakh speakers of the Khasi language.
On this occasion, the KHADC has had the opportunity to implement what the people understand by this celebration.
After the election of the Deputy Chairman, Titosstarwell Chyne brought a point of order in which he said that if the House accepts, it will be extended from three days to four days.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: According to a government announcement issued on 28/4/2021 to ensure that there is no spread of the disease during the visit to the funeral home, the government has issued guidelines.
“Here the Government will have to explain why, it is a valid reason,” he said. “Whether the Delimitation Committee has been able to complete its duties within six months.
The meeting of Asian countries will open the door for ASEAN leaders to participate in the meeting, which will include India to discuss bilateral relations. within the region and in relation to the world.
FSSAI has issued a detailed guideline “" () in which it has advised those engaged in food processing activities to follow fruit labeling procedures.
One of the students in his speech said that this action of the BJP government in Delhi has been without violating the rights of the people of the North East.
The NSP scheme was designed and implemented by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma. The scheme was introduced due to the fact that many mothers and young children in many rural areas. they have vitamin deficiencies due to malnutrition.
Lytan in a recent meeting with the incumbent President of the Hill Farmer Union (HFU), Commander Shangpliang, said that he hopes that the present government will follow the example of the government of Bah EK Mawlong. bam kwai at the door of the god who has declared one year as the year of the farmers.
As farmers, we need Khydnew, shyiap, Um, Mohkhiew, Wait, Symbai, we have to provide medicines, and whatever else, it is the duty of the government to help the farmers from time to time.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: U Pradip Kumar, IPS, IG BSF of Meghalaya Frontier, today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan at Raj Bhavan, Shillong. Bangladesh is located in the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, November 26: The Forever Young group together with the office of the Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya will hold a rally at noon on the 31st of this month to welcome the New Year
The office bearers were sworn in and confirmed by the President of the party, Bah Rikut.
However, the sad thing is that the nation is now facing many problems.
Police have registered a case of smoking and the investigation is ongoing to track down the perpetrator.
Shillong, March 29: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) has rejected the statement of the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the State to the people on the violation of Covid protocol in the mid-term elections. mind.
As it is the only IIT in the North East, IIT Guwahati should take the lead in leading the way for other institutions in the region.
“Speaking on his career as a teacher, Babu Singh said it all started in 2000 when he had just completed his college studies.
On the day of observation, the entire team of PM POSHAN went to different schools.
This beginning day is also known as the day of rest.
Shillong, March 13: The Mawlai By-Pass has been named after the late Founder Strong Cajee MLA, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma.
Sickle cell disease is of two types in the human body, one is the sickle cell trait, in which people do not show any symptoms and live a normal life.
On Saturday at 10:30 pm, an improvised explosive device (IED) exploded at an uninhabited bus stand at Syndicate Bus Stand, Punjabi Lane, Iewmwlong. .
“People are excited because it is a story that shows the dignity of India,” Shetty said.
Our Government is prioritizing the fight against drug trafficking," he added.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: U SG Ematur Mominin, MLA of Phulbari, who is also the Chairman of the Meghalaya Forest Corporation Limited, on Tuesday promised to take the issues of the deficit teachers to the state government. and to the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma.
He said that the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong has requested the contractor to cover and do better and for a while he started doing and stopped and started again and stopped.
The Chief Minister said that the recent incidents in Manipur have shocked and urged the people of Manipur to maintain peace and order, not to shoot each other, the problems should be resolved. it is corrected by understanding.
: The Rangbah Shnongs of various villages under the Dorbar Diengiei led by the President Bah PJ Lyngdoh on Tuesday requested the MLA of Sohiong Constituency Bah Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah to find ways and means. They have decided to raise funds for the construction of the dirt road from Nongpathaw to Kyntonmynnar which is less than 2 kilometers long.
India has celebrated the 21st of April since 1959 when policemen were killed by Chinese troops in Ladakh at the Hot Springs.
It doesn't benefit you.
The march started from Jaiaw Lum Pyllon Dorbar Hall and ended at Madan Student with a mass rally in which more than 5000 people from all over the country including school children and youth attended. read in college.
All the arrested are between 13 and 20 years old.
The National Education Policy focuses on the provision of health and education in the early years and will also focus on education in all the indigenous languages ​​of India.
Rangskhembor Mawblei's poems 'Line', 'Symboh' and 'Syrngiew' stir up the human thought that these small things have the power to bring peace and happiness to society. don't be afraid of people.
Gershome Hat received 113 votes while Martin Nongkhlaw received 50 votes.
The Shnong itself will not allow the FKJGP to take this path to promote a person who does his job properly,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
Speaking to media, Kong Bindas Syiem said that the decision to sit in front of the Main Secretariat was taken because the government has been blind and blind for 15 years to build the Main Secretariat. The roads of Nongpoh, Umden and Sonapur have been badly damaged.
Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs.
The words danda and kyoh mynthi in the lyrics are clear, modern and relevant and relevant throughout the times and some of the songs have inspired to change the shape and promote the spirit of change in the song. society in which it cannot be regarded as the sound of a shirt.
Shillong, Nailur 01: Regarding the collapse of the road bridge constructed by M/s Dkhar Construction in Ri Bhoi District, he said, “I can't do anything because I'm still waiting. The report of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi and the PWD Department.
However, due to the quick response of the residents to extinguish the fire, the vehicles were saved from the damage and also the dorbar hall of Pynthorbah.
Victoria Marwein, President of the Greater Iewduh Welfare Organization (GIWO), said that the allegation by the NIA that the market dwellers have demanded money from the market owners is wrong. market guards are invited by the market dwellers to clean the market.
However, because we don't have the opportunity to get training or a place to exercise like a swimming pool in the village, it makes it difficult for the youth although they have the talent but they can't compete with other youth who get full opportunity and training.
The tournament was organized by the Archery Association of Meghalaya, under the auspices of the Archery Association of India.
The union will go and demand that they should remove these people and also that they should keep a count of how many people are living in this area and why they should remove them. Therefore, I would like to ask you to take a look at these people who are illegally living in this place.
Many restrictions, many rules, many laws (which apply only to foreigners of Meghalaya) have made it difficult for non-residents to live and earn in the state. restrictions on income, employment, freedom, and even life," said Gopal Dey.
Students from all classes of the school took part in the Common Yoga Protocol led by Yoga teacher Usha Ghosh from the Meghalaya Yoga Samiti.
He said that this backwardness is in the field of construction of roads, government offices, schools, employment of the people. After many years, this backwardness is due to the lack of development works in the villages.
This allowance of foreigners to enter the village illegally, will endanger the village and the State as a whole.
Alertson Nongbri, ADC of West Khasi Hills District, has been appointed as ADC of Eastern West Khasi Hills District with effect from
On the other hand, the state police have decided to maintain peace and order.
“In a way, it’s a role model for the whole country.
Andrew Shullai will be the new CEM of JHADC, which will be announced by the Chairman of the JHADC tomorrow morning. I'll be there at 11 o'clock in the morning.
In memory of the incident in Khliehriat West, 7 people have lost their lives due to the negligence of the Mecel department.
This is to attract tourists to Meghalaya.
Monalisa Wankhar, Secretary of Bethany Society and Director of Bethany Society, Bertha Dhar, said that as residents, they have not received any information. on the intention of the Dorbar Shnong or the Government to relocate the land dealers to this village.
This was stated by Bah Roy Jupar Synrem in a statement sent today.
“Besides, they also broke and stole the money and even the locked doors were robbed with silver coins and threw all the treasures on the ground,” he said.
The match on that day was very interesting and friendly in which these teams fought hard from the start.
The development of renewable electricity, the expansion of access to electricity and the provision of electricity to all households in the country, as well as the implementation of new policies.
With this, the number of days you can resolve disputes and clear issues is 374 days.
Shillong Police have left for Kolkata to arrest the HNLC member. Phyrnailang Swer and others were first arrested on 13.08.2004 after he formed the Indigenous United. Forum (RIUF) has arrested him under the MPDA after he escaped from the arrest and worked with the HNLC. They were able to question him regarding the activities of the HNLC.
Shillong, November 23: The KSU Umshing Unit has met with the Minister of PWD, Martin M Danggo to urge the PWD to install speed breakers along the road in Umshing village. The president of the union, Bah John Kyrshan Hahshah, said that in a meeting with the Minister of PWD, he has made it clear that speed breakers cannot be installed on this road because The KSU has demanded that if the speed breaker cannot be installed, the government should build a road. walk along this road which is about three kilometers long.
Speaking to reporters at the State Convention Centre, he said he was not pleased with the actions of the officers. schemes, especially the distribution of water to all villages.
Regarding the policy, the government will look into it. Regarding the salary, it depends on the arrangement of the company that runs it and also regarding the salary increase of 30% per annum. this also falls under the purview of the company which the government will not be able to interfere with.
She pointed to the positive aspects of the economy and announced that the estimated revenue excluding other loans was T 27.56 lakh crore and out of this, revenue collections were T 23.24 lakh. crore.
He said that each patient through the MHIS Card has been allocated T.2.8 lakh.
According to the traditional beliefs of the people of India, we equate teachers with God.
Jowai, July 21: The FKJGP Jaintia Hills District today morning arrested a truck carrying lyntang timber at Mihmyntdu Bridge according to a complaint lodged by the FKJGP to the West Jaintia Hills District Police.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Home Affairs, today appointed as the Interim President of the People's Democratic Party (PDP) and Bah Ivanlumlang Marbaniang as the Chairman of the party.
The organization expresses its great pride and special congratulations to these young men, their parents and teachers.
They are published as follows: Subsection (4) of paragraph-1
Poverty, rural migration to the city, those are the ones we see as very difficult issues," he added.
The complaint was registered at Ampati Police Station under the POSCO Act. The investigation is ongoing.
As the GHADC does not have a Speaker, the CEM has to send a letter of resignation to Albinush, who is the Deputy Chairman of the GHADC, with the election of Albinush as the CEM candidate by the NPP. to file a nomination to contest the election CEM must be elected.
JSU War Jaintia Circle and residents of Bakur and Dawki also arrested three Bangladeshis without identity documents along with phones using Bangla SIM cards and Bangla currency in Bakur and Dawki on the 9th. The FIR was lodged against them by President Eddy Kery Pohtam in the presence of General Secretary Kerrydiam Lamin and Sports Secretary Eric Khonglah.
He said the world is experiencing the effects of a major pandemic, riots and a lot of economic challenges.
Shillong, Nailur 19: U Bah Khrang Lyngkhoi, one of the leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP), who has contested for the MLA and MDC elections from Langrin Constituency in the past years, is now known as Ranikor Constituency. , today and their supporters went to join the Congress Constituency.
As the government wants to bring closer to the people in implementation, it should not just promise but should show by deeds to open the sub division before the 2023 elections.
“When you are a leader, there will be many who come to steal, and who come to deceive you so that they can use you, but when you hold on to the foundation on which you stand, it defeats them,” said Spaindarsing.
The committee will look into the policy to ensure that it does not affect the powers between the central and state governments as the education department falls under the Concurrent List for this purpose. The MPCC will also work with the AICC to ensure that it cannot be conveyed to the Central Government.
It is confusing to the people when the MDA Government says that it is against CAB while in the Secretariat the Cabinet sits and in the Assembly it sits on the same side with the BJP.
In a Compound Women Individual  Mahel Pathan From Savitribai Phule  Pune University MS won the Gold Medal Sunainadevi from Lovely Professional University Punjab  a Silver medal, and B Manasa Nayana From Lovely Professional University a Bronze medal.
At this meeting, the Cabinet also approved to amend the Meghalaya Building Bye Law 2021 to ensure the development of urban areas in accordance with the standards of India and this is to ensure that the right houses should be safe and used. I'm going to the bag.
PN Syiem said they will invite the leaders of Jirang Hima, Sohiong Hima and Nongwah Mawtyngur Hima so that they can take decisions.
He gave the example of the border talks between Meghalaya and Assam, if the talks remain on the basis that this is part of Meghalaya and this is part of Assam it is difficult to resolve. be prepared not to fail either.
The state is the second largest consumer of Duma in the country and the 15th largest consumer of smokeless tobacco.
such as PM-Kissan, PMKSY, PMKMY, PMFBY, PKVY, RADP, NMSA e.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Chief Minister has inaugurated the Shillong-Nongstoin-Tura road which was started in the UPA government because the UPA government understands the needs of the people. Shillong Guwahati, Shillong By-Pass.
In a directive issued today, the department said that the rules should be observed in accordance with Section 20 of the Cable Television Networks (Regulation) Act, 1995 and the Program Code explained in this Act.
“Acknowledging the exceptional performance of the players, credit is also due to the coaching staff, led by Head Coach and CDM Jeffrey Walarpih.
The union has again requested and demanded that the state government should listen to the demands of the teachers' union.
Myntri Rangbah Duh spoke about the past problems of Kashi village and said that the people have been worried about the situation.
The purpose of this training is to raise awareness on how to react in the event of an earthquake.
The former CEM of KHADC also expressed his surprise regarding the reports that T.1.24 crore has been spent on the construction of the road in the area. The construction of the road inside the Heritage Village in Mawphlang, how will the money be paid if the work has not yet started.
Bah Lawan's appearance came after looking at the development in Mairang Constituency after the death of his father. .
He said that the KHADC should not issue NOC when the authority is no longer available.
He/she has ignored the sample questions of the MBOSE that more questions should be set from the text book of the students and only a few questions should be changed only to recognize the talented students.
The construction of the Maitri International Bus Servicena Tripura to Kolkata via Bangladesh has been launched by the Tripura Road Transport Corporation (TRTC).
Jowai, Nailar 31: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today visited Sahsniang village in West Jaintia Hills District today to renew the office bearers of the KSU Sahsniang Unit.
By equipping nurses with the latest knowledge and skills, the CNE Cell is empowering them to deliver the best possible care to patients undergoing surgery.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh as the chief guest in the presence of Bah AL Heakk as the chief guest in the presence of doctors of the health camp. ARHI Hospital and the residents of Nongmensong.
The government has decided to open the new district today because the government wants to bring the work of the government closer to the people. The people have jobs and the government has tried to do its best to develop the state.
Filmmaker Apoorva Bakshi inaugurated the documentary film market in the presence of Prithul Kumar, Festival Director, MIFF and Managing Director, NFDC and Smita Vats Sharma, ADG PIB (West Zone) and CEO, CBFC. Speaking to those who want to become filmmakers, Apoorva Bakshi urged them to use the opportunities available in this market for sustainable relationships.
Shillong, Lber 28: The State Government today issued a notice to set up an Internal Complaints Committee to investigate the case of women in the workplace within the Food and Civil Supplies Department of the State Government. .
In 2014, the Chief Minister asked former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma why the NGT order was not appealed to the Supreme Court.
The previous system based on access has been changed to a system based on reporting.
The number of those who have appeared has reached 13, and this shows that there is something wrong.
George B Lyngdoh, while congratulating the Minister, said, “Here in Umroi we don't have an Umroi Market since ancient times but recently we have talked about it because it is near the airport. move the Market".
In reply, the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, said that the government has taken action on the incident. A magisterial inquiry has been appointed to investigate the incident and the inquiry team has also suggested to the government how to ensure that it does not happen again in the coming days. like this thing.
Previously, the calculation method under traditional Table D did not look at an investment less than 6 months after each year of completion.
“Before sitting on the strike, Kong Bindas said that she had sought permission from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District but the DC had sent a statement informing her that the Government had scheme for the construction of Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur road.
Speaking to reporters, the Prime Minister's Secretary Prestone said the government is ready to face any challenge in the event of a case of COVID-1
Other speakers who came from other states were Balaram Pangcha from Karbi and Dr Lamalu Thaimei from Manipur.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) and the BJP today visited the Myndu Leshka Hydel Project, one of the hydropower plants under construction in the Legislative Assembly. in Leishaka in West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, July 08: U John Kharshiing Sharman of the Federation Khasi State today wrote a letter to the Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma and the CEM of KHADC HS Shylla urging them to They will convene a special session to discuss the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016 as per the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement dated 17 Aug
Before confirming the new office bearers of FKJGP Shillong City, Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit, explained the principles and objectives of the FKJGP Shillong City by saying, 'Once you have joined the FKJGP Shillong City, FKJGP to inform you that shiliang kjat should not be included in the along and shiliang pat outside.
The achievements in the past 50 years since its inception in 1972 have been great in the fields of infrastructure development, education, health and agriculture.
During the meeting, the Minister of Home Affairs was also informed about the shortage of food items in Meghalaya due to the protests across Assam.
Referring to the issue of injectable drugs to ensure that cows are born by female cows, the Minister said that the Government of India is moving forward in this regard and will do so soon. you can't do it.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong today held a meeting with the members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) under the leadership of John Lyngdoh, Vice President Hynniewtrep Shillong. Franky Kharumnuid, President and Enlang Sawian, General Secretary, have deported more than 160 foreigners who came to work day labor at two places in Iew Polo.
Speaking to reporters, Lahdor said that this happened at about 10.00 pm on Tuesday night. He said that this happened only because his wife told the passers-by the way not to speak evil words.
The Ministry of New and Renewable Energy of the Union Government and MNREDA have set a target to provide uninterrupted electricity supply and also to encourage its implementation in Meghalaya.
In the Khasi Hills, 11 out of 25 Himas (Khyrim, Sohra, Mawiang, Malaisohmat) and about 21 Sirdarships (Laitlyngkot, Myrdon, Mawbemluh) and about -Nongthymmai, Mynteng, Nongpoh, Nongkroh, Nongjri, Nongriat, Nongshluid, Nongkien, Nonglait, Ramdait, Synnei, Sinai, Mawshynrut, Sohbar, Tyrna, Tyrna, Tynrong, Tynriang, and Umniuhtmar) which do not have Acts and do not have any laws. The Dorbar urges the KHADC authorities to enact customs and traditions through Acts and Rules to empower the 'ki khun ki thousand'
To achieve the goal of cleaning up the environment, all of you who take part must become instruments of change.
Regarding the HSSLC results, the pass percentage of students was 80.75%, East Khasi Hills 90.80%, West Khasi Hills 92.91%, Ri-Bhoi 86.93%, West Garo Hills 69.33%, East Garo Hills 69.33%. Hills 54.00%, South West Khasi Hills 88.95%,  West Jaintia Hills 81.02%,  East Jaintia Hills  92.83%,  North Garo Hills 69.97%,  South West Garo Hills 64.00%.
This has led to an increase in human resources which has led to the increase in employment opportunities that produce good people.
Because there has been a mistake in society because without thinking about the differences between the kur and jait among their fellow citizens and also those who are not of their own race, including the shongsang. It happened from time to time, so it was decided to stir up trouble among the brothers and sisters who were not of the same thymmei.
Referring to the impact on the party, Pala said that their departure will affect the party, that is why they have not seen this and that is why they have strengthened the party. In all districts and constituencies, the party will work hard to strengthen the party.
Another reason is that the alliance between the HSPDP and the UDP has destroyed the UDP party, like Mawkynrew where he has been an MLA for 40 years but the party has allowed the HSPDP to contest from this constituency. , this shows that as the president of the party, Dr Donkupar cannot protect his own MLAs. The NPP, which can do that and will come in time in 2018, Remingtone said under the leadership of Prestone Tynsong to fight against the Congress party.
Police teams are currently on the scene to search for the suspects.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing hoped that the government would accept the recommendation of the FKS to protect the people from this terrible disease which the WHO and the countries of the world are working on. It is difficult to find a cure for COVID-1
The 5th NIT Awards Ceremony was held today at Bijni Complex, Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
All five villages were burnt down in this incident, one person was killed and four others were injured and a total of 500 houses were burnt down.
To run a variety of games.
The salary of the Home Guards is paid by those who hire them on the part of the department. .
Out of the 71 ministers, 11 are from other parties in the NDA and 61 are from the BJP. The names of the new ministers in the BJP-led government are as follows: Cabinet Minister:Minister of State Independent In chargeMinister of State.
At present, Meghalaya has not been included in the rules for holding elections to Village Authorities, Municipal Authorities and the reservation of 1/3 seat for women.
During the meeting, Conrad urged the Finance Minister to increase the share of revenue belonging to the state which should be received from the central government.
Regarding the army bases, he said the central government would take this step to arrange with the army in Delhi.
In the spirit and spirit of Gandhiji and the spirit of India, we share the practice of yoga for health and well-being, and the use of technology for development.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Joint Action Committee of Wapung C&RD Block, which includes the Wapungskur and Wapungshnong Dorbar Shnongs, has expressed its surprise and demanded an explanation from the government on the government's immediate relocation of the office. Temporary operation of C & Block from Wapungskur to Khliehriat.
The meeting was held in collaboration with the NTCP Meghalaya which organized the State Level Workshop.
The heavy rainfall will be expected only in some parts of Meghalaya and Assam but it has not been specified in which parts of the country. long that men may be thoughtful.
Michael Kharsyntiew has applied for the BJP ticket along with Mariahom Kharkrang and the Central Election Committee has announced the name of Mariahom Kharkrang.
“Therefore, the KSU is ready to take strong action against the KHADC leaders and they have to take responsibility if anything happens,” said Bah Forwadman President of the KSU. news today.
The Government has issued an order to implement the NGT decision in the state.
Many government schemes are important in this initiative, including Ayushman Bharat-PMJAY, PM GaribKalyan Anna Yojana, PM Awas Yoyana, PM Ujjwala Yojana, PM Vishwakarma, PM KisanSammanNidhi, Kisan Credit Card, Jession, PoshanAbhiyan Jan DhanYojana and others.
At the inauguration ceremony of the Mawlai Mawiong slaughterhouse, the Minister announced that more slaughterhouses will be built across the state and this will start with small slaughterhouses in Mawlai Phudmawri and other places. places.
They recall that Bah Robert Kharshiing, Rangbah Shnong and former MP, was arrested for implementing the decision of the Dorbar Shnong in September 1983, under the provisions of the National Security Act (NSA). Contempt of Courts Act 1971, and many others who have been arrested without knowing the laws of India.
This support has brought the number of MLAs in the House to 31. The Congress-led government has been able to form the current government without any problems.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The Special Operation Team (SIT) of the West Garo Hills Police District, which started its investigation on the 4th to 7th November 2022, has seized 100 grams of heroin. 45 bikes were stolen and 17 people were arrested.
The AICU today held a silence to express its condolences on the passing away of former Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee, former Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu M Karunanidhi. and Lok Sabha Speaker Somnath Chatterjee who passed away recently.
The Chief Minister said that the use of telephones in Meghalaya is very low compared to other parts of India or even among the Northern States. East.
There are 129 recoveries today, 71 from East Khasi Hills, 23 from West Khasi Hills, 14 from South West Garo Hills, 7 from East Garo Hills, 6 from North Garo Hills, 2 from Ri Bhoi. The total number of recoveries is 10,7
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed 1 new case of COVID-19 in Ri Bhoi District today, bringing the total number of recoveries to 92202 people who have been tested positive for COVID-1 -19 positive cases have risen to 93800 so far.
He said that only his wife and children witnessed the incident.
Pastor Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh, member of TUR and invitee member of the Seng of Land Dealers in his speech said that the land dealers contribute a lot to the society and especially to the income of the state.
The Director of Health Services (DHS) today confirmed that one person has died of COVID-19 in the state, bringing the total number of deaths to .
How the Dy CM who is also the MLA of Pynursla constituency announced to open the border without thinking of the people of the constituency.
Communities should understand this.
The MHC has received a complaint from the State President of Meghalaya Pradesh Mahila Congress regarding the death of Muny R. Marak, 28, at Dangar PHC. Doctors and nurses who were present at the hospital at the time of the incident were shocked.
Shillong, Iaiong 10: The BSF troops through the Civic Action Program scheme today distributed tires to the residents of Gumaghat area.
The Government of Tamil Nadu has released the list of Mutts in the State in the HR&CE Policy Note 2021-2
At Ampati Circuit House Conference Hall, ADC Dr. Rezina Ch Marak briefed the Minister on the achievements, challenges and challenges in the implementation of Central Government schemes through a power point presentation by ADC Dr. Rezina Ch Marak. officers from various branches.
Pynshngaiñ Syiem, MDC, said that the KHADC has received the Fifteen Finance Commission Grant 2020-21 from the Central Government. KHADC.The event was attended by Rangbah Shnong Bah Phira Khongphai, Secretary Dr Khampher Phawa, members, office bearers of the Village Committee, President Marylin Pathaw, President Khrawpyrkhad Mynsong Youth Association and residents of Mynsong. village of mountains.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that after the government has seen that the people of the state are strong enough to eat pork and the influx of pigs to the state is high. from outside the state and this shows that the money from this state flows outside.
According to the latest news, with the loss of Nehlang's Congress ticket from Khliehriat, the benefit will go to Bah Obil Kyndait Chairman of JHADC who will contest from this constituency. as an independent candidate.
This day is considered as a special day for all the departed souls.
Students have to sit for the examination in Hindi or English and the examination will be held on 19-5-2
The survey is conducted annually under the provisions of the Collection of Statistics (COS) Act, 2008 (as amended in 2017) and the provisions introduced in the Act in
Out of the nine examination centres, most of the examination centers have been set up in Delhi and only three have been set up in the North Eastern states of India. NEEPCO should suspend this and all examination centers should be in the North Eastern States.
The Congress party has demanded the resignation of the Home Minister and Police Commissioner. The country should fulfill its promise, demanded the Congress party.
In his speech, Bah Ally said that the house was constructed at a cost of T.79.17 lakh and the office will look after 158 villages around it.
The union condemns the police of Laban PS and in this meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, the union said that they should be punished and something should be done. as the organization respects them, they respect each other.
The total number of cases in the state is 1284. The total number of cases by district is 920 cases in East Khasi Hills, 44 cases in West Khasi Hills, 56 cases in Ri Bhoi, 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills and West Garo Hills 137, South West Garo Hills 2, South Garo Hills 14, East Garo Hills 80 and North Garo Hills
They are all students of Ram Krishna Higher Secondary School, Sohra.
It cannot be said that there are Garo and Khasi in Bangladesh who still hold to their traditional religion (which means they are neither Christians nor Hindus).
Shillong, July 24: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum MDC of Jaiaw District today brought up another issue to discuss in the House on the issue of marriage. The Khasi and other ethnic groups have become very popular in these days.
Jowai, July 23: The JSU JOWAI Circle today sent a letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Aman War, Dr. Aman War, Director (MI) DHS. , and Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya to commission the Maternity and Child Hospital at Panaliar in Ialong, Jowai.
At the same time, the union said that they should not be proud of their knowledge but should share the wealth of knowledge with a humble spirit and not to be proud. He also urged those children who have not reached their goals not to be sad or disappointed but to work harder and better in the coming year and not to lose hope.
Shillong, November 01: U David Ch Marak, one of the leaders of the GNLA, today surrendered to the Border Security Force (BSF) with weapons and bullets.
It has opportunities in tourism, agriculture, recreation and sports.
The attack was carried out from three fronts – from the north, east and west.
The KHNAM State Youth Wing was inaugurated by the President of KHNAM, Bah Pyndap Saibon in the presence of Working President, Bah Thomas Passah and other leaders of the party.
The Direct Benefit of Transfer (DBT) is a scheme of the central government known as the National Social Assistance Program (NSAP).
The presence of thousands of these Lymbit in the area has attracted the attention of the pedestrians who cannot help but look at these Lymbit which are burning in the fireplace on the side of the road.
This decision was taken at the meeting of the Associations of Commercial Vehicles held on 09-02-2020 at Iing DORBAR Hall Lad Nongkrem Kynton U, which was attended by the Office Bearers of various Associations of Commercial Vehicles from all over the country.
it is like encouraging the present to understand and appreciate the past, to acquire knowledge in the present, and to shape the future of the indigenous peoples.
Four deaths have been reported from East Jaintia Hills, two from West Garo Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills, bringing the total number of deaths to after.
The gold biscuits weigh 1632.450 grams and are worth Rs 1,01,78,326 crore, said a statement from the CCP. They handed over nine gold biscuits and in a close pursuit, CCP officers arrested the suspect from Jhalupara.
These young women will be trained separately until the day of the competition.
As the president of the party, he urged the party supporters to be “Iaineh” to bring victory.
Isn't it better to inform the public servants like MLAs and MDCs that they are hungry and have nothing to eat to escape the tyrsaw?
It is to be recalled that on 10.3.2016, a complaint was lodged by Vinay Kumar Assistant Commandant of BSF at Dawki Police Station that BSF troops had arrested him from IB near Dawki for suspected illegal activities. You are from Bangladesh.
The company has tried to get land to erect the towers but there are problems with the Dorbar Shnong and MUDA. The mega high spectrum from 900 to 1800 mega high spectrum, regarding 4G, the company does not want to do so because it will use the 3G which is not available with the company.
In this regard, researchers here have developed a Dry Swab RNA test method - which is easy to take a sample to test for COVID-1
The President also congratulated the police and security forces of the central and state governments who have worked tirelessly to protect the sanctity of the vote of the people and have completed the free and fair elections.
Shillong, Iaiong 22: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today called a meeting of all the MLAs of Shillong to prevent the spread of COVID-1 of this city Shillong.
It is necessary to bring together the steps in a systematic manner that will pave the way for the support of this work by various groups.
It is reported that at this time there was no Ieitbha Muktih but no one was injured.
He said that the Rongbiria is not only a part of the shooting, but also a part of the storytelling of the prayer and the phirat.
KHNAm said the Maharashtra government has investigated the matter and found that many of the children are suffering from overweight.
Shillong, November 08: Police of Sordar Police Station after arresting members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) and taking them to Sardar Police Station today morning released them all by signing a petition. bond without any conditions and placed them back at the office of the party in Mawlai Nongkwar.
Police of Dawki PS have allegedly shot dead a man named Bah Sunil Suting, 65 years old. According to the videos, the man was shot dead. The police said that they did not send the suspects to the piloce station.
The MLA visited the area after the residents of Wahkaji, Pyndenumjarain, Nongtynumjarain, Nongtynniaw and Mawphanrang.
On this special day for Panchayati Raj, I congratulate all the leaders and employees of the PRIs and wish them to reach new heights in the development of panchayats.
Police sources said that this incident happened on Sunday at about 2:00 pm or 2:30 pm while the two girls were sleeping in the house. thwei Breimeirit, Wah Rilang.
The worst affected areas are Nongtalang and Amtapoh.
In this regard, the import and sale of dokha has been banned for 15 days in the state and those who violate it will be sentenced to seven years in jail and a fine of T.10 lakh.
The Chief Executive Members have received a copy of the letter dated 18th July 2012 from the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India (MHA) sent to the Government of Meghalaya which has replied to the letter requesting clarification from the authorities. KHADC since September 2012, and the District Council authorities have not yet responded to the request.
Therefore, all the voters of Mairang and Mawthadraishan Constituencies are urged to refrain from any extortion, any intimidation, intimidation not to vote, intimidation, voting. religious or patriotic feelings and also the encouragement of any acts that cause trouble.
Regarding the government's monthly contribution to the day laborers who have registered themselves, it was pleased to suggest to the government as there are still many people in the rural areas who have not yet registered themselves. The State Government should also provide assistance to all the poor households who have BPL cards so that the assistance will be available to the poor.
The Minister said that MeECL is a corporation and does the work that has been left behind by the people.
Tura, July 18 : The athletics tournament of the 3rd Meghalaya Games held in Tura, West Garo Hills District, has come to an end today.
Speaking to Batesi TV, Biangbor Paliar urged the MLA and MDC of Mawlai Constituency to follow up on the promise of the Executive Engineer to allocate Rs 10 crore for the construction of the road. 10 miles.
The ceremony was held on Saturday at Tyrsad , where Samla Donald V. Thabah General Secretary of KSU Sengkmie was the chief guest while Bah Lamphrang Blah MDC of KSU Sengkmie was the chief guest Thain was the chief guest and the event was attended by members of KSU Sengkmie, Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong of Tyrsad Umkseh, School Children, Teachers, Women. The ceremony was conducted by Samla Khrawphyrnai Rynjah General Secretary KSU Tyrsad Circle.
Shillong, Lber 12: The National Cadet Corps (NCC) Battalions 2 and 42 have decided to clean up the statue of Don Bosco and Kiang Nagnbah at Laitumkhrah. He was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital.
It is the mother who teaches her children to walk in the right path.
The keynote speakers at the opening ceremony were Dr. DS Sethi (Diabetologist), Dr. NSD Raju (Chairman IMA PDB Project) and Dr. BNR Subudhi (National Coordinator IMA PDB Project).
The failure of the JHADC to fully implement the law relating to the trade and business of non-tribals within its jurisdiction has caused huge losses to the JHADC directly and indirectly. The entire Jaintia Hills and this failure of the JHADC, will encourage the illegal trade and business of non-tribals within the boundary of the JHADC and this will affect them badly. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Ryngkhlem.
All the traders have been ordered not to accept the 1000 rupees until the money is returned. It has been found that any traders who violate this will not be punished according to the law.
The Prime Minister has decided to accept the Sengol as the symbol of Amrit Kaal in the country.
Therefore, the union warns the visitors not to spread the word in this area and if anyone violates the union, they will punish according to the village law or even hand over to the village council. bor you law spirit spirit.
This road is very important for Meghalaya and he urged the central government to start the work.
When inquired, Bah Shangpliang asked whether the proposal to expand the Shillong District Jail will not affect or overcrowd the jail. The jail will accommodate about 102 prisoners if the jail is completed.
Applicants must have passed a journalism degree and must have worked in the field of journalism for at least two years and must be between 24 and 45 years of age. .
South Garo Hills District Police on Tuesday received a tip that Akhilesh Singh Chauhan has been abducted by unidentified persons. Rondik is the place where the company works.
It is worth noting that a country that is very strict in all things does not have problems with alcoholic beverages.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has expressed his gratitude to the Prime Minister of India for his support to the region and the struggle of the Prime Minister. India has to develop the country in all aspects.
Amit Shah also reviewed the preparations to combat the Glacial Lake Outburst Flood (GLOF).
Mayralborn Syiem as Co-Chairman of MIDC and Kimfa S. Marbaniang as Co-Chairman of MGCC.
Shillong, June 29: A recent report by KPMG Insurance and Consulting Services LLP, in collaboration with ET Edge, shows that India it ranks second among countries in the world in tobacco use with 27 percent of its adult population smoking.
Speaking to reporters at the venue, Louis President of the party said that the party will give another deadline to the CEM of KHADC until 19th July 2023 to remove the Garo Rangbah Shnong in Raid Marwet.
On this day, the students in the rain walked and carried placards talking about Yoga which started in India and now has spread all over the world and this is part of health. .
Furthermore, he said.
On the other hand, Bah Ban said that they cannot take part in the meeting convened by the Deputy Commissioner because they cannot wait to see the youth injured in the demand for the rights of the youth. The HITO leader said that the party cannot accept the railway line while the government has not been able to implement the ILP in Meghalaya. There is no need to call for talks on the part of HITO. It welcomes the party even if it is up to Khyndait Lad.
Shillong, July 14: The BJP Mawkyrwat Constituency (Mandal) will hold a General Meeting on the 18th June 2014 at 11.00 am at the Dorbar Hall Mawkyrwat. (Members) of the Polling Booths from different villages under Mawkyrwat Assembly Constituency (Mandal) to attend the meeting on that day and to take part in informing and inviting all the members to attend the meeting. to discuss many issues of the Party.
The Deputy Commissioner has directed all the officers to send their reports as soon as possible so that they can send the information to the government as soon as possible. the role of providing assistance to the people whose homes have been destroyed by the natural disaster.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The FKJGP Sengkmie is deeply surprised and surprised to learn that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the Uranium Corporation of India Limited (UCIL) have agreed to hold a meeting to discuss the issue. The KHADC has signed a Memorandum of Understanding since 12th January 2006 and at the same time the KHADC has also given permission to the Uranium Corporation of India Limited (UCIL) to mine uranium in the Sohiong-Mawthabah area, through a No Objection Certificate issued on 14 February
However, the gang kidnapped the truck driver to a forest area and forced the truck driver to inform the owner that he had carried the jhur and to send the money through Google pay to pay them. the jhur sellers who are the robbers.
Since the announcement of the General Election 2024, more than 4.24 lakh complaints have been received through this App till 15th June,
In Meghalaya, the UFBU has staged a sit-in in front of the SBI Main Branch in Shillong. Leaders of various unions from various banks have joined the protest.
Last month, when the list of students who have been admitted to MBBS was released, it was found that in the Open Category, there are about 8 foreigners who have been admitted to this category.
On the other hand, the BSF Chief said that despite these many challenges, the BSF has worked hard to guard the border with Bangladesh. not for the benefit of the people on the border.
Shillong, June 16: All 40 companies of the Central Reserved Police Force (CRPF) have arrived in Meghalaya to patrol the MP elections. sha Lok Sabha 2024.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting of the KSU leaders to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the KSU, Bah Samuel said that everyone has heard about the KSU. the discrimination against the villagers in Tripura.
Shillong, November 10: The Rynjah Dorbar Shnong has expressed its strong opposition to the issuance of resident certificates by the refugee colony.
He said that there are three parts that are essential for the implementation of this pig farming mission.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said the Central Government is working in various fields at the same time to create more job opportunities in the country.
He said that these 19 persons have been appointed since 2014, the question is if there is an urgent job why not those who are on the way to be appointed who have registered with the DSC.
He said the files of the DoPT were completed on time and sometimes stayed overnight to complete the basic tasks.
Speaking to media in Shillong today to take part in the meeting of the Meghalaya Rural Bank, he said that the union has been demanding this for a long time from the authorities but now there is a There is a lot of confusion sent by people who are not from the state who cannot understand the language and this has caused problems to the people.
Speaking to media, HYC President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said that MeECL should conduct a thorough investigation to find out those involved in the theft of electricity to the households of the foreigners. They are the ones who steal the electricity from the Lineman or the Meter Reader.
The meeting lasted for nearly two hours at the office of the Meghalaya Administrative Training Institute, today.
He said that if the government can provide land to foreigners to build churches, it should also provide land to the various churches in Khasi Jantia.
Instead of the Rural Development Department in Delhi, the scheme has been released by Parliament to district officers and BDOs, he said.
This is to create an opportunity for exchange programs between Meghalaya and France to learn how to develop the sports eco system especially when Meghalaya will have to host the National Games of India in the coming years. 2026 or in 2027.
The term Khasi-Jaintia has also been used in the authorities, various political parties such as religious parties, Sengbhalang etc. We cannot understand how the Hill State Movement's struggle against the Assamese official language of Assam got the name “Meghalaya” when the state was created.
In this meeting, the leader of the party gave a speech to convince the members of the party to work for the good of the people.
As the days went by, the people and supporters from all over the country flocked to the scene of the protest and expected that the government would soon listen to their demands. their.
Your hard work in demonstrating the transformative possibilities of this practice has played a major role in showing that yoga is for the health and well-being of all.
: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Amlarem Unit has called upon the supporters of the United Democratic Party (UDP) to join hands with their friends not to have any party differences but to give their full support to the candidate of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA). ) in the Lok Sabha elections to be held on 19th June.
Referring to the outstanding payment of land rent in Garo Hills due to the introduction of the new Land Acquisition Act, the Chief Minister said that the outstanding amount is T.51.98 crore and the government has already paid. Write to the NBCC regarding this payment for the land taken for ksainar shiah and the payment varies from one place to another.
Dr Aman War said that about 50,000 people have to flee and it will be difficult to evacuate them from the crowd. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has sent a letter to the police.
The patrolling is from the border with Bangladesh, the border with Assam and in areas where there are many other ethnic groups, such as Mankachar.
The competition will be held for all districts of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Meghalaya, Nagaland and Tripura. writing, human consciousness, and the struggle for mental strength will be held on November
There have been cases where members of the party have had to spend months and months in jail. The President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, has been imprisoned many times as well as other leaders and members. They have been imprisoned for many issues they have fought for the country and the nation.
A small example at this time who has brought about the virus influx if not the BSF. The youth have been imprisoned while trying to speak the truth for the sake of the Jaidbynriew.
The union took this decision after the report on the demands of the union received through RTI on the 24th of this month showed that the work is going smoothly as discussed with the officers of the education department. HM Marbaniang, General Secretary of MSSASA Sengkmie.
The BSF has now strengthened its security forces to combat the attempts of foreigners to smuggle counterfeit money into India.
The Dorbar Shnong Mawlyngbna has temporarily closed all these places and will not allow tourists to visit these places until further notice. Mr. Lurshai informed.
Shillong, November 04: U Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling today visited the city to understand better how the preparation of the 'Smart City' is in progress. .
" Mr. MH Dkhar said.
Dragonfly CP 2.
Shillong, July 16: The Meghalaya Government has appointed Thelin Phanbuh as the new Chairman of the Meghalaya State Women Commission after Roshan Warjri resigned from the MLA elections. Congress ticket.
On the 16th July, 2024, the program will start at 5:00 pm with a 10-hour performance by the Mizoram Band.
On this occasion, political party leaders from various political parties attended the ceremony to pay tribute to this great man not only as a religious leader but also as one of the great thinkers of the country. nation.
Her contributions have raised the status of Meghalaya.
Thousands of SSA and 4th teachers took this decision during a march held on the 12th of this month in Shillong against the silence of the MUA-II government led by the MUA-II government. The Congress under the leadership of Prime Minister Mukul Sangma has released the new salary and arrears of 12481 thousand SSA teachers from June, The State Mission Director of SEMAM on 31st March, 2016, to increase the salaries of 1521 4th teachers in the state which has been in existence since
Furthermore, it was during the leadership of this Rangbah that the roads to Psiar and Khatkasla villages were paved although not all of them could be completed.
UK Nayal, DIG, Headquarters Meghalaya Frontier was the chief guest and distributed prizes to the winners, a check of T.10,000/- to the winners and T. /- money sha you rem.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said the decision was taken not to encourage people to eat less or smoke cigarettes.
There are also those who have 3/4 households in the same compound but only one household receives ration card while 2/3 households do not receive government food at all.
The union said the government has a plan to build a residential school in Byndihati which falls under East Jaintia Hills District.
Mairang, July 14: The office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of Eastern West Khasi Hills District has announced to all households in the district that the ration shops have been distributed through the ration shops under the National Food Security Act. 2013 for July
Blian Mukhim said that we are only satisfied with food every day, how do you expect us to save money? Dri Suting, another woman, said that what we get from agriculture; We spend money on food, buying necessities and sending our children to school while we are hungry.
Philemon Lyngdoh, President of Jaintia Tourism and Environment Society ( Jaintia Tourism and Environment Society ) explained in detail on the topic and how JTES, which organizes Discover Jaintia, can to assist in achieving the goals of the village.
During the search, the BSF recovered T.760 Indian rupees, two mobile phones and four Bangla SIM cards from the bodies of the three suspects. .
The Government has also launched the PLI scheme to provide benefits in the production of goods.
Marweiñ in the Elite and 51kg category.
The NPP-led government has taken a decision in the House to demand that the Central Government should implement the IP in Meghalaya. to demand from the Central Government to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule.
The party will meet the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly to discuss the issue of the opposition as it is not clear what is the role of the opposition in the Legislative Assembly. The Congress will support the government if necessary, she said.
This delay on the part of the government raises many questions for the state government.
Anglea said the MPDA and MMPO affect the work of the courts.
As the ancestors did not see the need for forests by preserving them through the law kyntang, law khang and forests established by various government departments these days.
Shillong, July 05: “It is the public money, it doesn't matter, the government has spent more than Rs 100 crore in the Mawiong market,” said the Khasi Hills farmers. The Cold Storage was opened in Mawiong in
There are 119 cases in the state, 18 cases in East Khasi Hills, 14 cases in West Garo Hills and 4 cases in West Garo Hills.
Prestone said that the Hima Myliem has given the land to the SMB in 1954 and this information is to know who is entitled to live in this land and who is not because 128 people are working. and SMB while 56 others work with other government agencies.
And Shini was launched for the months of July, June and October.
All trainees are urged to take action to speed up the work so that the preparation and reproduction of the results will be completed as soon as possible.
Speaking to reporters, HSPDP President Pangniang said that what they are saying is that the party will work together with the ethnic parties, as there is a Regional Alliance which still needs to be improved. thank you.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Hynniewtrep Youth Wing (HSPDP) has decided to build houses for the poorest in Mawthadraishan after receiving the advice of the Sordars.
Shillong, Iaiong 04: The Government today appointed Bah Hamletson Dohlieng as the Advisor to the Chief Minister on salary and other duties in the Cabinet.
The winners of the 'Sur Tynrai' competition are Da La Riti.
Regarding the appointment of Committees within the State Government, it will end up being scrapped by the Court without being able to implement the Committees properly. Therefore, we request the Government and the Committee should be headed by leaders and MLAs, intellectuals and volunteers to come forward to explain the misunderstanding and irresponsibility of the government. There are no Officers to implement these committees appointed by the court so why don't you appoint Khasi Officers who have passed lakhs of votes every year.
The names of the persons who escaped from jail on 10/09/2022 are I Love You Talang, Rikmenlang Lamare, Lodestar Tang, Marsanki Tariang, Shidorki Dkhar and Ramesh Dkhar. The writer of this news is still searching for those who have escaped.
It is not appropriate to name Meghalaya for the Khasi-Pnar or Garo nor is it appropriate to call Meghalayan for the Khasi-Pnar people.
The deceased were traveling in a taxi number ML-05L-1
The purpose of building these houses is to enable the homeless people to stay overnight to escape the rain after they have been wandering all day.
Process said that if the government needs to send all the 60 MLAs to Delhi to meet with the central government on the demand of the state for ILP, they will be able to do so. “I am ready to leave for the job,” said Bah Process.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The 101 Area today commemorated the 22nd death anniversary of Capt Keishing Clifford Nongrum, MVC who sacrificed his life for the country in the fight against Pakistan in The Kargil War in
The union has expressed its concern over the overloading of electricity in Narpuh area.
Angela Lyngwa, Joint Secretary, also presented the report of the party.
Shillong, July 07: U Reniktone L Tongkhar MLA of Mawkyrwat constituency has won on the HSPDP ticket but it is clear that in the 2023 elections he will contest from the UDP. The preparation of these MLAs who are also ministers in the party government is not surprising.
Also present on the occasion were Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister, Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang, Mawlai MDC Teiborlang Pathaw, HM Shangpliang, Advisor to the Ministry of Education, MFL Mawlong. Chairman of the Managing Committee of Phudmuri Presbyterian HSS, Bah SW Nongbri, Secretary, teachers, parents and others.
Shillong, June 08: Two days after leaving the Congress party, Bah John F Kharshiing today announced that he will support Dr Jemino Mawthoh, MP candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP). Speaking to reporters today, Bah John said that he congratulates and wishes all the leaders of the NPP. Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA), Shri Conrad K Sangma, CM, Dr Donkupar Roy, Speaker, Shri. Prestone Tynsong, Dy CM, Dr DD Lapang, Dr W Kharlukhi, Shri. Ivanlum Marbaniang, Shri KP Pangniang, including The National People's Party (NPP), the UDP, the People's Democratic Front (PDF), the HSPDP, and the Independents who have listened to the demands of the people for the Dr Jemino Mawthoh, former MLA and Agatha Sangma, former MP and MLA, have agreed on a joint candidate.
These rights of the people are reflected in the White Paper on Indian State submitted to Parliament in 1949 and
Members of the Executive Committee of the Village, Members of the Women's and Youth Wing and the residents of Mawtawar Village were also present.
He added that since Meghalaya became the gateway to entry and exit, it has now become a hub for drug traffickers.
The Chief Minister believed that all those who have been trained through Aspire Meghalaya have benefited greatly.
Four new cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of recoveries to
MPCC President Vincent H Pala said that once the MPCC has considered the applications sent by the District Congress Committees, they will send them to the AICC for a decision on the names of the candidates.
The Chairman of the DSC has ordered all the candidates to apply for the job. This will affect the applicants from the rural areas who do not have the information and there are still very few people who know how to download the job. anyone who needs it over the internet.
New Delhi, July 10: India's electricity sector has undergone major reforms, aimed at providing safe, affordable and reliable electricity to the people.
The letter was signed by the General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Seiborlang Diengdoh.
It is also the time when the candidates and their parties take advantage of the opportunity to raise the voice of their supporters especially the poor and the needy who are more difficult to be treated like those who have the opportunity. who gets not court.
Commander Shangpliang, President of HFU Pahammawlein 20 Mer Unit, also confirmed the office bearers of HFU Pahammawlein.
With this funding from the central government, more students will be enrolled in this government college.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Samla WL Mawlong, President of the KSU, said that the Minister has promised to implement the PHC in Weilyngkut. November the first month.
Referring to the social agreements between Meghalaya and various companies to build power plants in the state, he said that all these have not been successful.
If someone has already paid they have to make arrangements.
According to media reports, Hector Marwein, who was entitled to this rank, has been rejected by another IAS officer who is junior to him.
If you don't have a diary or calendar, you don't have to worry.
Its job is to educate the community on what to do in the event of a natural disaster.
It is estimated that 11,360 people have been vaccinated today, 5247 people aged 18 to 44 years, 4291 people over 45 years old, total vaccination sites today there are 265 of them.
“Although the party has not had the opportunity to meet face to face with the CEM of JHADC to discuss with him the issue of Umthe Village and the Nepali Rangbah Shnong, However, the complaint petition of the union has gone ahead with the demands from the CEM to punish the Nepali who dared to appoint himself as Rangbah Shnong without the recognition or authority of the JHADC and also to expel him immediately. This is the Umthe village which has been invaded only by the Nepalis.
The Prime Minister said that as children at this time you will not understand the value of the struggle to provide time, but when you grow up tomorrow you will understand the value. of me.
Jowai, Jymmang 05: The Shad Sukra of Tuber Kmaishnong Village has been very popular as the children of the raiot of Raij Tuber have come to witness and participate in this Shad Sukra festival.
The HYC urges all the civil society organizations to come together to be a strong voice and force to support , advise and remind the government authorities and the Dorbar Trai Ri to work hard to Shillong, Jymmang 14: U Bah Process T Sawkmie, President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Council (HYC) Shillong, said: The opposition in the Legislative Assembly today inspected the third phase of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWS) to find out the reason for the delay in completion of the work.
The Symbut Myntri Rangbah said that the law has made it clear that the employees have to register with the Labor Department and they don't have to register or get permission from the District Councils. Employers can apply online and can also fill out the forms.
On the demand to look into the education of the backward students, Prof Kma said the VC has agreed to set up a committee which will be decided by the Academic Council on the appointment of the Chairman and members.
For Tripura and North East and for other states of India, the Supreme Court of India has appointed Ankit Yadev, Muktiar of AASU and NESO as an officer to look at the plaintiffs.
The Union Minister said that to facilitate the garment manufacturers, the government has implemented a scheme to purchase ksai which the garment manufacturers have to pay only 10% while the Union Government will pay 90% of this assistance. is to boost the income of the weavers.
Those who took the lead in these activities gave their views on this memorable day.
We have done that and the police have lost their sleep because they are working hard,” he said.
Jyotiraditya M.Scindia has been appointed to head the DONER department, G. Kishan Reddy has been appointed to head the coal and mineral resources department, Kiren Rijiju has been appointed to head the DONER department. The Prime Minister of India today assumed office of Parliamentary Affairs and the Ministry of Minorities.
Pyniaid said that the Council, even if these people come to apply, it has to look into the law and not just issue a licence.
Answering a question regarding the BGB's ban on the residents of Mutapur to rebuild five houses and to relocate the houses near Mawthum, what happened on the 7 The BSF has discussed the matter with the BGB and what has been agreed upon by both sides. If there is any building within 150 yards of the border, the BSF should be informed and the BSF will inform the BGB to ensure that the building is a building related to national security activities. and this will not only be within the area but along the border.
Shillong, November 13: U Subrata Chakraborty, a retired Bangladesh soldier and one of the retired soldiers, speaking at the 50th Independence Day celebrations held at Dawki today by the BSF. in the presence of the Bangladesh army.
Shillong, July 12: The Publicity Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) in a statement sent to the media today said that the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) is ready to fight against the government. negotiate peace if the central government calls.
The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, today met with Pope Francis and said that the relationship between India and the Vatican has been going on since 1948 and about India is the second largest country in the world with the largest number of Catholics.
The escape of the suspect happened at 4 pm this morning. A nurse working at the scene saw him running away but police could not arrest him.
On the other hand, the KSU has sent a statement to the government to listen to the demand of the residents of Mawsynram area by immediately granting a Civil Sub Division to this area without any conditions. This area does not have various departments and offices and does not have the criteria to be promoted to Civil Sub Division.
At the same time, the Minister said that the people should be afraid because this disease does not exist in the state, what the government is taking measures to prevent this disease.
At this meeting, it was also decided that the MDC(s) from the UDP will explain to the party on these nine issues.
All the bikes seized by the police were three unnumbered Yamaha bikes and two numbered bikes.
The HYC requests the Chief Minister, Government Ministers, Opposition Leaders, Speaker, MLAs, CEMs and MDCs not to politicize this issue but to work together with one voice and one mind.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the officers of the Ministry of Agriculture at the Directorate office, he said that he had a meeting with the Minister of Agriculture. Video Conferencing and the discussion was on the farmers.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The BJYM Meghalaya has expressed its deep sorrow over the increase in violence against women and children in the state.
Presenting the budget for the year 2017-2018 for the months of June, June to July, Bah PN Syiem said that this money is for the payment of the employees. , MDCs and for the development works that the Council should do.
Because as it is, the Hima/Elaka do not get clean governance when they are ruled by political parties who aim only to gain power for themselves.
These jobs involve teachers and them working in the office.
After this, the torch reached various places in the country like the Red Fort in the capital, the Attari Border in Amritsar, the Taj Mahal in Agra and the Vidhan Sabha in Lucknow, among other places. .
The officer managed to escape unharmed.
Auguster Jyrwa KSU General Secretary said, “We have already submitted their names to the government after MeECL has proposed to increase the electricity tariff from T.35 per unit. However, the General Secretary of the KSU said that the KSU will soon meet with the commission to discuss the increase. boarding.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Dorbar Shnong Shella through an Emergency Committee held on 25.7.20 after discussing the situation and the spread of Corona Virus in the State especially in Shillong.
Shillong, July 13: The All Mawsynram Constituency People's Conference (AMCPC) has been formed at a meeting of the youths of Mawsynram constituency held in Shillong.
It is gratifying that the HNLC has come forward to talk peace without any rules to talk under the Constitution of India. this conversation is peaceful.
As civil society organizations, they have tried to cooperate with the government, by being patient and waiting for the government to take action in terms of curbing the illegal entry of foreigners who are a threat to and The injury to the peace and stability of the indigenous people, by avoiding as much as possible the protests in the past years, but these leaders in the government from Mukul Sangma and his ministers, i They want to take advantage of politics and undermine the permission of the KSU and other political parties, by instigating and using force from within to implement the railway line in Byrnihat without getting the NOC from the KSU. District Council which has angered the KSU youths who have taken the initiative and led the strong protest against the railway line.
Today, the group has also sent a letter to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to seek clarification and at the same time as a suggestion on the uranium issue, the group has also sent a letter to the Chief Minister. a letter to the Chief Engineer of PWD in charge of the National Highway.
New Delhi, November 31: The Central Government today declared the Tehreek-e-Hurriyat, Jammu and Kashmir (TeH) as an illegal organization under Section 3(1) of the Unlawful Association Act. the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA) 1967.
Dr Mukul demanded that the government should stop the price hike of petrol and diesel.
“The NEC should also consider setting up a Regional Institute for Skill Development,” he said.
The DIG said that the police department will conduct a thorough investigation whether the new armed group has any connection with Bah Joannes Lamare, a volunteer who was arrested in 2021, on the allegation that the NSCN-IM has sought assistance to form a new armed group in Meghalaya.
The BJP leader has strongly criticized other political parties who have criticized the BJP in the past.
The AIM requests you to come together at this place as arranged as a witness to express your condolences and sorrow that such an incident cannot be accepted in the country and the nation as a whole.
Preparations are underway to extend this to all Licensed Service Areas of the country.
The Prime Minister said that this issue has been going on for a long time and it is not easy to resolve it in a few days. I have submitted a report to the government.
The curfew will be from 5.00 pm to 10.00 pm only within East Khasi Hills District.
This decision was announced after a meeting chaired by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Defense Prestone Tynsong and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Affairs Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar at a meeting held at Main. Secretariat on Friday and the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC), accompanied by officials of the Delhi Gurudwara.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Syiemiong said that the election of Rangbah Shnong of two foreigners in Umiam is against the law of the Hima Mylliem which clearly states that only Khasi men who can elect Rangbah Shnong.
The player will leave for Goa for further training.
The rhymes were composed by mixing the styles of Western countries with those of India.
Warjri said the main purpose of the Meghalaya Games is to open up opportunities for talented children in the field of sports. opportunity for talented children to showcase their skills in the field of sports.
On this occasion, a program was also held to celebrate Christmas and New Year in advance where Pastor Emlangki Sapuh gave a Christmas message and prayer from Sister and Christmas cake was cut.
Mairang, November 15: The Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W. Nongsiej today inaugurated the Aquafest at the Tirot Singh Memorial Hall, Pyndengumiong, Mairang. officers of various government departments of the district, farmers, members of Sengrelationships (SHGs), teachers and students.
To protect and develop the rights of the indigenous people on land, trade, inheritance, customs and society to strengthen the powers of the indigenous people through the Sixth Scheduled by resolving the issues of the especially paragraph 12(A) to introduce laws and regulations to protect the land of the indigenous peoples and especially to reinforce the transfer act which has been passed from time to time in the country. government ida bar state.
Jowai, Naitung 05: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) in a statement sent by Samla Leningstar Rymbai, General Secretary of the Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) Phramer West Jaintia Hills.
Sandy Sohtun has been elected as the President of NEHUSU, Riki Deiburom Rabon has been elected as the Vice President, Toniho S Kharsati has been elected as the General Secretary and Eva Kordor Kharshandi has been elected as the Assistant. Secretary, Samla Ymphaidien Sutong to hold the budget.
It is learned that this action of the government has affected especially the jhur which is a perishable commodity.
In a letter sent to the Minister today, it was said that the PHC at Dawki, Pdengshakap, Jarian, the Dispensary at Padu and the CHC at Nongtalang are in short supply of equipment. They are responsible for providing health services to the people of the area and other needs at these health centres.
She also addressed the officers and soldiers at the Military Summit at the Frontier Headquarters, Umpling, Shillong.
I have also sent a copy of the petition to the Minister of Road Transport and Highways, Nitin Gadkari, the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma and Ganga Prasad. , Governor of Meghalaya and to the Minister of PWD MM Dango to listen and look into the most important issue.
Chyne recalled that Sunn was a man who loved his job. During his tenure he was also the president of the Shillong Sport Club and after his retirement. He entered the Constitution and won as an independent candidate for the MLA election from Mawphlang.
Therefore, the union has sent back immediately these foreigners who do not have Labor Licence.
Instructions to Central Government Agencies: Inspection of the border area between India and Myanmar by the Assam Rifles; The India-Nepal border with the SSB is especially important in the area where you can enter Nepal; the India-Bangladesh border and the border in the south by the BSF; The Indian-Chinese border is covered by the ITBP, and the states bordering the sea are covered by the Indian Coast Guard.
She believes that this is a great achievement for this Government and also for all the women of India.
After receiving the approval from the Executive Engineer's Office, PWD Highway Division, Shillong on Monday, the village authorities of Mawtap Pyllun, Sohiong and those who have been registered as beneficiaries of the MGNREGS scheme, the youths Women and men from 12 villages have marched this morning to end the road blockade which they have been holding since 12th July.
After this, BSF and police raided the village and arrested Bishin Sangma.
New Delhi, July 01: In implementation of the recommendations of the Seventh Central Pay Commission, the Pension and Pensioners' Welfare Department through OM No.38/37/2016-P&PW (A) (i) on issued directions relating to the amendment of the provisions relating to old-age pension and other payments.
Many human lives are lost every day due to tobacco use.
