Referring to the promise that if the BJP comes within six months, they will release coal, Sanbor said the BJP has not won only two MLAs. And if the people elect the BJP at this time, the coal from Meghalaya will not be released when it is available in a short period of time.
He said that many times we know only to clean ourselves but we pollute the river which gives us benefits.
The AJYWO also strongly condemns the Meghalaya government for not taking action to find ways and means to free the people who live from the coal mining industry. “If the Meghalaya government had taken action against the ban on coal mining and transportation in the state, it would have directed the committee appointed by the NGT to complete the ban. “It has been carried out immediately as directed and the people would have been able to transport the coal that has already been produced to the top of the hill since last month,” he said. Mr. MH Dkhar.
The meeting was chaired by S Marboh, President.
So the responsibility of the students at Nalanda is greater,” Modi said.
If there is cooperation within the EC, the current Executive Committee under the ARPA will continue to rule in KHADC. (SP News) The Working President of the UDP, Bah Paul, who is the candidate of the UDP, has been nominated by the UDP. (SP News).
We hope that many of those who will come to watch this film will be students and this will encourage them to apply its values ​​in the lives of the youth.
When asked whether the delay of the Prime Minister is because he is waiting for the Garo language, he said, “I cannot say anything but the Prime Minister knows that.
Therefore, the residents have demanded and urged the MeECL department to repair the transformer as soon as possible so that there will be no more interruption in the supply of electricity to Nongtalang.
These signs have been placed by the KHADC on the Wahumkhrah River to warn the people not to throw garbage into the river. hang.
Konthoujam Bishan Singh from Manipur won the open men's category in 2 hours, 28 minutes and 25 seconds. .
At present, MeECL has a temporary debt of T.440 crore which MeECL should recover from the Financial Restructuring Plan of the Central Government which has already been sent to the Government. middle in November 2013.
The committee, which was appointed and announced by the VC today, is known as the Task Force Committee for Community College Wahiajer, Jowai, West Jaintia Hills. The Committee together with other Professors and Engineers of the Engineering Wings/Dept of the University.
They said that they are ready to cancel or completely cancel the agreement, because the dorbar of the bakhraw held on the 2nd of this month has opposed and ordered the signatories to cancel the agreement. because without consulting or holding any meeting of all the chiefs to discuss this matter.
The purpose of this review is to bring together all those involved in these activities in one platform to ensure smooth cooperation between the officers of the neighboring States/UTs together. Central Government forces protecting border areas.
The college is located at the top of the gallery of the Khadsaw Phra Sports Association (KSA) Stadium and the structure of the college is different from other schools.
In such a case, it will be determined whether it is necessary to quarantine those suspected of having the disease.
The teacher has not been able to give a clear answer, and the Seng has given a strong warning to the teacher and has immediately warned that if such incidents happen again in the future against the youth. The Pule Khasi Seng will take action against this teacher.
After the unfurling of the flag of India, the Prime Minister will take the Rashtriya Salute to the flag of India.
However, it took a long time for the outfield to dry despite the best efforts of the ground staff and they were not helped when conditions became overcast in the afternoon.
Therefore, it should explain the meaning of scientific service and posts.
However, the CAA bans them because it does not include refugees from Myanmar.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, was the chief guest. The Commissioner and Secretary to the Governor, Dr. BDR Tiwari, told the story of how the event was held. These two states were established and their strength was also discussed.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed that one person from East Khasi Hills District has died without being vaccinated, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
The Union invites all SSA teachers in Rambrai to attend.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has met with the Union Minister of Road Construction, Nitin Gadkari on 24/July/2024 to discuss the issue. The amount of money prepared by M/s THDCIL in the DPR is T.89.90 crore, said the Secretary PWD in a statement.
Police have requested another seven days to investigate Bernard N Marak and the court has accepted the request of the police to investigate further on the allegations. against him.
Sunn said that from the meeting with the Prime Minister today, it became clear that the reason for the non-invitation of the tender is that the NHIDCL has not yet received a clarification from the Road Construction Department of the Union Government. the manner of payment in connection with this road.
U Bah Sawkmie concluded by saying that as he worked hard when he was an MLA 40 years ago, I will work hard for the people.
The Nepali foreigners, whether in Langpih or in any other border area, should not have the power to decide because they are only foreigners who have come to live in the areas of the Khasi Hills.
They also praised him for his special concern for the states of the North East.
There are 21 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 8 from West Garo Hills and 4 from West Garo Hills. you have 82785 people.
The peace and order in the state this year has been stable and has been maintained.
This is very dangerous if this happens because as a nation we have seen that many places where the Khasi have become small paid in front of the invaders who come from Bangladesh, Nepal and other states. in India.
During the inspection, the union witnessed with its own eyes that the people living in this slum are built of houses built on one side and in a house built on a height of only The house was built in two or three floors and accommodated more than 20-30 people.
Therefore, the Dorbar Seng Kur Warjri, requests the parakur parajait to inform all the names of the students who have passed excellence in their studies from HSLC/Matriculation onwards and to send information on the names. of young or old people who have excelled in their own fields according to their special skills and abilities.
However, as it appears now, these are in violation of the rights of the people especially those who are fighting for this job as teachers where they have suffered day and night through their studies when they go to work or fight. exam in terms of vacancies have been rejected. There have been such leaders. Where will the future of the country and our nation lead?
They threw stones until it endangered the lives of the people, district administrators and police.
On the other hand, Kong Agnes Kharshiing has followed up on this issue until the end of the meeting.
Thousands of youths of Shillong have enjoyed the musical performance at Khyndailad where thousands of youths have enjoyed themselves by dancing with the musicians. place.
The four members included HM Shangpliang as the convener of the meeting, other members were Ferlin CA Sangma, Lakhon Biam, M Kharkrang and SP Mahanta.
Furthermore, the presence of Avian Influenza has been confirmed in the samples of a dead bird in Tis Haari, New Delhi and in the birds from Red Fort, Delhi. to the steps required.
These border policemen, who have about 10-15 personnel, have to run away from the checkpoints to protect their lives because they are too afraid of being stoned and shot with jri by those Karbi,” he said. The General Secretary of the HYC has sent a statement to the media on Tuesday.
Brolding Nongsiej is a member of the UDP party, which is working in the NPP-led MDA government. , in the presence of government ministers, officers, wife, family members and supporters from the 31-Mawthadraishan Constituency.
Before taking the oath of office, Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit, General Secretary FKJGP Central Body said that the FKJGP has a clear foundation and goal to serve the Jaitbynriew according to the The Seng's Motto 'The Goal of Bringing about Change' is in the field of society, income and Khadar Governance, in which he reminded that recently on the part of the The Sengkmie has launched the Socio-Economic Reform Movement as part of the efforts to awaken the people of the country. The spirit of the Members of the Seng with the cooperation of the Villagers.
The Umngot River in Dawki has become a beautiful tourist destination for the people of Bangladesh because from this place they can see the Khasi Hills without even imagining what it is like. He also urged the people of Bangladesh not to go to India.
“After the Commission has sent its explanation, he (Bah Paul Lyngdoh) continues to do the same by telling the media the truth.
The report was released by NITI Aayog Chairman Dr Rajiv Kumar, CEO Amitabh Kant, Additional Secretary Dr Rakesh Sarwal and World Bank Governor Sheena Chhabra.
However, on the 25th of June, we went to meet with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma who took the initiative together with Prestone Tynsong and scheduled to visit Ranikor on the 12th of July,” he said. said Bah Kitborlang, who was filled with joy during his speech.
Rangbah Shnongs of these three villages and school children were also present on the occasion.
Other honorees were Meghalaya Blind Women's Football Team with the Inclusive Sportsmanship Award, Rupari Nongrum with the Inspirational Artist Award, St. Edmunds College with the Trailblazer in Accessibility Award, Sengrang G Momin won the Inclusive Media Representation Award and Ibadalin Kharbuli won the Literacy Award.
He said the Government of India feels that technology in the legal sector is an important part of the Digital India mission.
Of these suspected members of ASAK, it is strongly suspected that they are members of the newly formed terrorist group.
Therefore, we request the children of thousands of Rangbah Shnongs, Sordar Shnongs to decide whether to demand the removal of one of the rules or to demand a stronger foundation according to the rules of IOA & AA. The High Court has upheld the border crossing by MUDA and it will be up to the KHADC authorities if they can talk to the Meghalaya authorities to resolve the issue of who will manage and implement it. These are the four rules of the Act which have been passed when building a house.
Seeing that her daughter has improved in various competitions, Marbarisha has started to take part in sports.
Robert said the minister has made it clear that she will discuss the matter with the Cabinet and if the Cabinet approves this, there should be a team of inquiry. pat shall not be released.
The garbage from the households was also found to be dumped directly into the river and the garbage was spread without respecting the environment.
On the other hand, the Governor thanked all the leaders who have given their suggestions on how to develop the state for the benefit of the people of Meghalaya.
He said that the youths who have completed the training from the rural areas can start earning money by this job so that they can stand on their own feet without having to rely on others.
“According to Bah Paul, no Government officer has the right to issue any order that is against the Act passed by the KHADC. The Act on Tribal Affairs has been passed in the form of a Bill by the KHADC and this Bill has also received the approval of the Governor of Meghalaya, therefore, it has become a permanent law.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has conducted inspections of health centers in East and West Jaintia Hills, East Khasi Hills, Ribhoi, North Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills. .
Hundreds of people from Sohbar village along with school children came to take part in the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence. The Maharaja of RKM Sohra School was the chief guest.
The shooting by the Assam police was in self-defense as the Mukroh residents started threatening and attacking them with knives and sticks.
He said that the investigation has revealed that there is no misuse of funds in the purchase of tin sop houses and the Director should be punished. of the Housing Department in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
New Delhi, November 19: The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has praised the stability of India's economy despite global challenges.
MPCC President Vincent H Pala has announced that the party will announce the names of the MLA candidates. The AICC in Delhi will announce the names of the MLA candidates. to fight against the party.
He added that the Government of Meghalaya is still waiting for the approval of the Central Government and the State Government is still reminding the Central Government to examine and take a decision on the Resolution of the ILP. State Government, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday said that the State Government is considering before setting up new Police Stations.
Although the government has changed the name of HITO Jaintia Hills since 2017 to Saphai, it has remained the same today. His parents and members of the party have deleted the name Garampani and written the name of Saphai.
There have been 268 recoveries from West Jaintia Hills, 81 from West Jaintia Hills and 77 from East Khasi Hills. people until now.
In the Indian Round Mixed Team, East Khasi Hills District won the gold medal after beating Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
India has risen to 67th place in the Ease of Doing Business Index in three years.
KHNAM in this request for clarification has been slow and has no intention of nominating a candidate against Bah Thomas Passah who is the Vice President of the party and at the same time the President of the State Youth Wing, u that the party has decided not on the basis of partiality, but through the work he has done for the development of the party and especially the society and to advocate on many issues of the people and especially the youth. trials.
C&RD Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar who also spoke on the occasion said the creation of the new blocks was a result of the concrete steps taken by the Government to bring administration closer to the people.
The death toll has risen to four, two from East Khasi Hills, one from South West Garo Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills. you have 1456 people.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Business Advisory Committee of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly under the chairmanship of the Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today decided that the Budget Session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. The year 2018-2018 will start on 16th October 2018, which is Tuesday and end on 20th June
At the same time, the PDF has given the ticket to Bah Hilarius Pohshen but Bah Shylla said he has no feelings.
The death of a newborn baby of a woman who was involved in a traffic accident for several hours at Pamphyrnai village on the 17th, November, 2023 during the khwai competition has caused the Hynniewtrep Youth Council North, West Khasi Hills District and the North Khasi Hills Federation to strongly condemn the people and the rawon who have lost the spirit of compassion for others.
This is the most important thing for the state to do before it is too late.
DCs also have the power not to allow shops to open if the situation is not right.
The JAC has sent this letter of protest to government departments including the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board which is the department responsible for the public complaint.
Anyone with information can send it to 9366790273 or send a message to 9366790273, according to a statement sent by the police today.
Nomination forms can be obtained from the office of the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit in Mawdiangum.
The sarees were seized from South Garo Hills District. The sarees were packed to be sent to Bangladesh. The sarees were handed over to them. Custom to do what is right according to the law.
Two cases were reported from EKH District and two cases from Ri Bhoi District.
" All participants are encouraged to be present until the end.
Regarding construction related activities, shops selling building materials, light shops, mobile shops, car manufacturing factories have been allowed to operate. the dates and times to be determined by the DCs.
He said trade with Bangladesh and India has reached Rs 10 billion, but the surprise is that the state has only 1% of that.
In his speech, S Kumar Vice Chairman of the party said that the party is still providing services to the people according to the foundation laid by its leaders since the beginning without any discrimination. to any nation on this earth.
The Shillong Chamber Choir has been selected by Interkultur to represent the country in the competition. Ibarisha will be accompanied by the judges. from the UK, Norway, USA, South Africa, New Zealand, Singapore, China, Indonesia, Myanmar and the Philippines.
The government's intention to hold the Cabinet outside Shillong is to learn more about the problems of the people in the rural areas.
Shri W.Rymbai (EM) gave a short speech on the good deeds of the Local MLA and finally the Waheh Shnong Lasting Pala gave a welcome speech.
The race was held at Mawdan Iewrynhep and was inaugurated by the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Bah Hector Marwein. Director of Social Welfare RM Kurbah and Chairperson of MSWC Theilin Phanbuh were also present.
They have already competed in the National Muay Thai Championships held in 2022 at Shriramati Kojti Roa Power Indoor Stadium, Dewas, Madhya Pradesh. IMFA world champion Muaythai's men's team includes Lapynshai Syiemlieh in the U-23 category (48kg) and Pynnehbor Mylliemngap in the Elite category (48kg).
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that the government has not yet taken a decision regarding the enrollment of youth for the purpose of education. Because as it is now, they don't understand the decision of the Supreme Court.
A severe landslide has occurred at the Sonapyrdi Tunnel and employees of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) have been working hard to clear the ground.
Shillong, March 22: The National Accreditation Board (NABH) has recognized the Supercare Hospital, Shillong as the 1035th hospital in India to receive this status.
The total number of contact tracing persons is 198 and the government will send the names of these people to the COVID-19 committees so that the villages can ensure that these people should not be contacted. he was clean with the people.
Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB urged the VECs to take action and set them the goal of making the village a successful one in the task of curbing the outdoors to the hills, rivers and to receive the award “Open Defecation Free Village”.
Shillong, Lber 22: Members of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC), including B Giri and PJP Hanaman, have held a three-day meeting in Tura to complete the hearing on the case. violation of human rights complained to the commission.
It is a festival held in the coastal village of Madhavpur in Porbandar, Gujarat.
The tournament continued on Sunday with a speech and discussion on the theme 'The House of the Christian Family' by Rev. Fr. Jose Varrikasseril, Sdb.
The Congress Mahila leaders in the village said that during the last elections, Bah Pynshngain had promised to improve the road like other roads to the village and other development works as well. also to the poor families.
On the other hand, the Director said that in Mawlai Mawiong today, 14 cases have been tested positive for COVID-19, 12 cases have been confirmed and 12 cases have been confirmed. -19 There are 16 positive cases in East Garo Hills out of which 6 cases and 5 cases have been related.
Prestone said that Will Khyllep was the Commissioner Secretary of the Law Department who retired from his post and was replaced by S Kharlyngdoh. this work is empty.
The Director of Prosecution has been directed to send the case records to the Public Prosecutor of West Garo Hills for the initiation of the trial. in the Special Court of West Garo Hills.
This is the first time that the police have seized so many liters of liquor.
The 'MeriMaatiMeraDesh' campaign will start on 9th July, and will continue until the Independence Day celebrations on 15th July,
While welcoming foreigners to work in the state, he said that the companies that the state government has signed to provide skill training are mostly foreign companies. The state and when the youth have completed their training in these companies within the state, the companies provide placement to the youth in other states.
On the other hand, the General Secretary said that as the elderly, they have taken this initiative to hold such an explanation because they have a concern for the future generation and they want this The present generation will raise the country higher.
“The government should not take advantage of the future of the youth by employing them on contract basis but should fully employ the unemployed youth in various departments,” said Bah Rani.
The reforms and measures have brought infrastructure and innovations to Indian fisheries, especially in the construction of new ports, refurbishment and installation of motors in vessels, opening up of services, clean fish markets, motorcycles with shelters and others.
The food of the insects, the flesh of the beasts, shall be avoided for a while; that is, any habit of eating meat should be avoided for a while until the disease is gone.
Shillong, November 10: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 21 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills. There are 216 people in the country.
The lack of a sub-way has also led to an increase in the price of beverages as vehicles carrying goods have to reach the area and have to be carried by a person to transport them back to another vehicle. This has affected the price of food and beverages.
The Union Minister in charge of Sports, Anurag Singh Thakur has announced that athletes who have won medals in the Khelo India Games are now eligible for government jobs.
On this occasion, the traditional food and drink of this community which differs from one place to another was also showcased. leave the crown.
These glasses are made of glass, plastics, polycarbonates and Trivex and do not scratch or damage at all and can also see clearly when light comes against the eyes of what is known as (anti -reflective coatings) and also help the eyes to see up to 99%.
They said that as soon as they entered the office, they searched for the editor of the newspaper, Sushil Chowdhury but as they could not find him, they stabbed three employees until they lost their lives. you are your life.
This was stated by Bah J Pyngrope in a statement.
The program also included a public briefing by the BDO of Mairang C&RD Block and other officers on various development schemes of the CMAY, NRLM, MNREGS, DDU-GKY and so on.
In this regard, the party requests all the public, if they have any photographs, videos or articles in the newspapers, please send them to the party.
The Minister said that as there is no written explanation in this regard and the lack of licenses has not been able to increase this work. The State Government will provide training to Khasi nurses so that those who work in this field can get recognition from the Government and the Government will strengthen the AYUSH department. Dr. Pradeep Jeathi of Adora Kerala Ayurvedic, said that 70% of the world's population now relies on traditional medicine.
Shillong, Lber 17: Answering a question by George B Lyngdoh MLA, the Minister in charge of Electricity, James K Sangma, on the issue of the Umroi Airport, the Minister said that The Government has no intention of opening the Umroi Airport, Ri Bhoi.
Colonel Kumar urged the people of the area to join the army.
The new parish of Our Help Christian, which was born from the parish of Sts.
If possible, a separate room should be set up for those who have signs of illness and also for people who come and go, those who have fever, chills and others. Others should avoid contact with others and should call 14410 and go to the nearest health centre.
In this regard, the VHAM office and the State Police Department (Narcotic Cell) will come to explain to the students regarding the ways and means how to avoid drugs. type of drink.
The world celebrates the 10th of November to commemorate the adoption of the United Nations Declaration on the Protection of Human Rights. where people were able to get protection from attack.
So far, the NPP and Congress candidates from all three constituencies in Ri Bhoi have completed their nomination papers while the candidates of other parties have yet to complete their nomination papers.
The collapse of the well was near the burial ground, the collapse was about shiphew meters, in this incident there was no tragic incident because the collapse of the well. The incident occurred at about 3.30 pm.
Answering additional questions, the CEM said that the EC has written to the Hima to pay and if the Hima cannot pay, they will send a letter to the KHADC. and the kingdoms that have spent more than the revenue because they cannot pay.
When following up on the matter, the JSU Mukhap Unit found that the light bill in this area has been paid by the residents or the householders, and nothing is left. I don't know why and for what reasons this department doesn't take care of this problem of the people especially during these times when the school children are not able to respond to this leader of the JSU. This is to the SDO of this department and also to the CEO, but whenever I meet them, they say to wait because there is no new machine transformer and the wait is too late and until “It shows that the MeECL department has no responsibility for the welfare and benefits of the people and especially the school children,” he said. .
On the other hand, the Minister said that many of the doctors do not want to go to the villages. The reason is that the government is now looking for ways to stop the departure of doctors.
On the other hand, the three district councils in Meghalaya including Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Garo Hills Autonomous District Council and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
Because the district authority knows that there are many opponents from the people and civil society groups and the DC has allowed Star Cement to provide written documents most of them are supporters because Star Cement has gone to send There are many people who don't know about this project of theirs to destroy the environment.
The signatories of the letter sent to the Deputy Commissioner said that even the money they distributed for the MLA Election 2023 has not received their money yet.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Minister of Power, James K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the cost of construction of the Ganol Small Hydro Project has been increased to Rs. The project will cost T.507.71 crore.
On the same day, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, who is also the former Minister of State for Tourism, announced the Pilgrimage Rejuvenation and Spiritual Augmentation Drive (PRASAD) scheme for the improvement of tourism. places of worship and ancient monuments in India.
Initially, police arrested Sonmingla Hangboi and seized 183.49 grams of heroin and 100 boxes of soap from his house.
These two constituencies were won by the Congress Party but this time the Congress has lost in all these two constituencies and the NPP has won these two seats. .
These complaints, according to the list, are given below: The cVigilka is easy to use and connects the residents with the District Control Room, Returning Officer and Flying Squad.
Speaking at the scene, Charles said that Iongkhuli village is within Meghalaya and is not a border dispute.
New Delhi, Jymmang 11: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today addressed the last session of the 17th Lok Sabha.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: U Deputy Secretary to the Governor of Meghalaya, Bah A. Lakiang today sent a letter to the Legislative Wing of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Bah Latiplang Kharkongkor as Chief Executive Member.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 56 cases have been admitted to hospitals today, including 2 cases in East Garo Hills, 34 cases in East Khasi Hills, 4 cases in Ri Bhoi and 4 cases in South Garo Hills. cases in West Garo Hills, 11 cases in West Garo Hills and 3 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
There are 21 recoveries from East Garo Hills, 2 from East Garo Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 16 from East Khasi Hills and 1 from Ri Bhoi. there are 82998 people.
The former Secretary of the Mawlong Mawmih & Krang Mawkhar Kur, Bah Rangshanbor Mawlong, has been removed from the post of Secretary of the Mawlong Mawmih & Krang Mawkhar Kur. Bah Johnhny Mawlong, the brother-in-law of (Late) EK Mawlong, has been re-elected and confirmed by the Dorbar Kur Palings held at Mawmih on 19/09/2
Speeches were also delivered by the Village Leaders of Mawsadang, Lawkhla Mawlong and KSU, FKJGP Tyrsad Circle.
“The film shows how to earn money through this market and there are those who earn money through a different way and we will not know more about this until we see the film,” he added.
KSU Iooksi Unit Officers: Sainia Sutnga, Vice President: Tympang Tangliang, General Secretary Juhhi Tangliang, Asst GS: Hamehi Mannar, Publicity Secy: Landerson Sutnga, Asst Publicity Secy: Kamnibait Phyllei and Fernasing Sumercy, Fernasing Sutnga other members.
Speaking to media after undergoing a medical check-up at the Civil Hospital, Shillong, the NEHUSU leader said that this happened at 12:30 pm.
Police of the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) led by Sandra Nongdhar, MPS, on Tuesday arrested the suspects. Two drug traffickers were arrested from Happy Valley village under Madanryting Police Station.
The DIG said that the search is ongoing to arrest the other members.
The meeting was chaired by the Commissioner & Secretary, Food and Civil Supplies Department, Pravin Bakshi. , Additional Superintendent of Police Bah B.Diengngan, General Secretary of North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union Ramen Das, President of Petroleum Dealers Association of Meghalaya Bah Kennedy C Khyriem, President of Meghalaya Indane Distributors Association u Bah RL Blah and officers from the Department of Food and Civil Supplies together with the owners of the petrol pumps.
This was announced by HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin and General Secretary Roykupar Synrem in a statement sent today.
Charles Marngar, who was injured, said that he had informed the Chief Minister's Secretary Prestone Tynsong about the incident. When he called twice, he didn't pick up and to this day he hasn't answered.
The relatives of the deceased have requested the law enforcement authorities not to conduct a post mortem.
The HYC also honored two youths of the state, namely, Niawki Ïakai who has brought glory to the state by becoming the National Referee of Wushu and the Coach of the State. Banteilang Jyrwa who brought honor to the state as the Champion Motor Cross Rider.
She spoke about a recent survey which found that 94% of people involved in company activities said that the GST has brought about improvements.
The 8 Km Marathon was inaugurated by the Additional Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang, Bah A.Nongbri.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nangbah Unit, today led by President Morningstar Pasi in the presence of General Secretary Eugene Hinge and several office bearers.
The incident happened before the kidnapping of a JCB driver from Nongjri village on Tuesday night, when police received a tip that there were robbers in the area 24miles away. When they reached the Ranikor Bridge, the robbers had no place to escape and fled to Poh Um.
Shillong, June 06: Civil society organizations in Garo Hills have expressed their concern over the request of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to issue Work Permits to Bangladeshis to come to work in Meghalaya.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today said that 6 people have recovered from the disease today, while 9 out of 48 people who are still suffering from COVID-19 have been admitted to hospitals. cases, 6 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in Ri Bhoi and 1 case in West Garo Hills.
Saphibanroy Thongni, the sister of Aishabankmen Thongni, went into the river to help her sister, but she was thrown into the water, but fortunately she was found by the Heprit. Elambok Dkhar who jumped into the water and rescued her.
Every year, India has declared 7 November as a special day to honor the soldiers of the country who sacrificed their lives for the country and this day is known as the “Armed Forces Flag Day” by the Central Government. The Armed Forces Flag Day Fund has been set up and the proceeds from the sale of the flags will be deposited in the AFFDF. The money has been allocated to assist the retired soldiers and also those who have been injured in the defense of the country and especially those wives who have lost their loved ones.
About 4 members of the group have been arrested from Ri Bhoi district.
The election of leaders to the Legislative Assembly is not for the election of MP to Parliament, Assembly or District Council. and thou shalt do a good work once every five years, and the leader shall be counted as a good work.
The Deputy Commissioner has also summoned the management of the RN Sharma Hotel, the owners of the houses and the Dorbar Shnong to discuss the incident which led to the death of Bah Kyrmen Lyngdoh Nonglait. He was allegedly killed by an employee of the RN Sharma Hotel.
He said that for the first time CCTV cameras were installed inside Wahingdoh village, followed by Mawkhar and now it is the CCTV cameras. Shong Watchbroo.
New Delhi, June 16: The Central Government and the World Bank today signed a memorandum of understanding to provide $48 million to Meghalaya for the implementation of the Meghalaya Community-Led Scheme. Landscapes Management Project (MCLLMP)”.
The CORP Umshaken Unit also demanded from the PWD through the EE PWD Nongpoh that the office should repair the road from Umden to Umshaken, so that it will be easier for the people of the area to travel, especially for the sick. difficult.
The march started from Mawbah in Mawprem, proceeded to the DC office, turned to the Additional Secretariat and ended at Mawbah in Mawprem.
On the other hand, the HNLC has alleged that the Congress government has acted to protect the ministers who have been accused.
Four more cases have been confirmed from Shillong and eight cases from Ri Bhoi District. 47 cases have already been lodged, 35 cases have been lodged and 12 cases will be lodged.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah MH Dkhar President of AJYWO, said that the 30th November 1862 was the darkest and most tragic day in the history of Jaintia Hills. , because it was on this day that the great Khla-wait of the country, was killed by the foreign government, by being executed without mercy at Iawmusiang Jowai.
At present, the DC of West Jaintia Hills has not been able to complete his term of office even for one year. What has happened is that the transfer of government employees has been after three years.
On the continuation of harvesting, Commander Shangpliang said that it is necessary for the farmers to unite and not to allow them to harvest kilos anymore. It is ready to resolve this issue by any means even by selling to the Secretariat or District Council grounds if the buyers do not buy anymore.
“Ka Seng is also surprised that the people of this coke factory have offered us a monthly fee if we don't move forward”.
She sent her boys and girls to take part in this competition.
Speaking on these Zonal Conferences held in different States of the country, he said that the Government is looking into the empowerment of women through schemes and the objective of these Zonal Conferences should be to inform the State Governments, UT authorities about these three schemes of the department to facilitate the implementation of these within these 5 years.
In this regard, the 'Viksit Bharat @2047: Voice of Youth' initiative will be a platform for the youth of the country to contribute their ideas for Viksit Bharat @2
The Northeast Venture Fund (NEVF) aims to empower companies in the region by providing the funds they need to grow and attract investment. outside.
Who and how these land plots were allocated by what means and means to prevent the allocation of pata without the knowledge of the Dorbar Hima as a whole.
The injured were identified as Magret Kurbah, two children of Plilynti Kurbah and Idaphisabet Kurbah. They were taken to Umsning CHC for treatment.
It is the right of every person to earn money in the market.
There are 16 recoveries from East Jaintia Hills, 10 from East Jaintia Hills, 4 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from West Garo Hills.
He said that this will be of great help to Hindi teachers and also to those who wish to explore Hindi related fields.
This month, members of the JAC who claim to be the children of the Hima Sohiong who claim to be the children of the Hima Sohiong who came to the office on the 11th of this month It is alleged that the priest of Sohiong has sold the Nongwah Mawtamur to the Hima Jirang.
The next phase is to start the main activities of the ECD Mission in the villages: work in Anganwadi Centres, what can be done at home and what can be done by the farmer. caregivers, and to organize community campaigns to educate and enter the minds of community members.
After independence, elections in India were held from 1952 onwards.
Leady Keane College is only for women but Dr Mukhim in reply to a question said that this is not new but in the past St Edmund's College did not have women students. , but now many young women have gone to study at the college.
If anyone is found to be in violation of this, they will be fined up to T.5000 tyngka and not only that they will also be subject to the rules and regulations laid down by the NGT. Environment, Forest and Climate Change”.
We put before the wisdom of the Government to meet our needs,” he said.
Speaking to media, he said that besides the CrPF, there are also police from the state and also police teams known as “Flying Squads” which have been in various parts of the country. of the constituency.
The SDRF urges the public not to stand nearby when there are such incidents as it disrupts their work, because instead of expediting the delivery of relief they have to spend time. in driving away the crowds who came to gather.
The union also recalls that in 2016 the former government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma canceled the land lease agreement to UCIL in Mawthabah. The KSU has informed the public that the uranium mining vehicles are in Mawthabah, Jynrin to mine uranium and in Wahkaji there are AMD employees. The government and the District Council have made it clear that AMD and UCIL will not be allowed to mine uranium.
These include those who fight from schools as well as those who fight privately.
Police are investigating the incident and have arrested the suspects.
Ed) and others are going smoothly as discussed and all these reports the union will bring to the general meeting to be held soon in Shillong and to take the opinions of all the SSA and 4th teachers before The Union will take other measures, said Bah HM Marbaniang.
On the other hand, the state police have stepped up their search operation against drug traffickers and the government has decided to take all necessary measures to eradicate drug trafficking from the state. the state.
Table-1 shows the state wise GST collections in each State for July 2023 as compared to July 2022 and table- 2 shows the SGST component of IGST received/adjusted to State/UT in July 2023.
Before accusing the people of West Khasi Hills District of being stupid or backward, she should look at how the people of the area as they are now have improved in all aspects. , in education and many believe that how the people of the area have developed the state in many areas from tax, sports and others.
The JSU hopes that the JHBA will not listen to this problem and the demands of the parents and students of the area for a bright future for all of us.
Our goal is to ensure that about USD 2 trillion of contribution will come from MSMEs. To achieve this goal, M/o MSMEs have taken many steps during the year for the development of Under the Prime Minister's Employment Generation Program (PMEGP), 65,312 new micro enterprises have been opened and created. 5,22,496 job opportunities and financial assistance worth T.1929.83 crore has been utilized.
At the same time, the party's secretary general declined to disclose the number of members who are still working, saying that the peace talks are ongoing.
Universal Advertising, for the first time, has organized the 1st International Universal Expo Cum Exhibition 2024, which is the largest trade market in Shillong which started on 14th June this year. .
Police have arrested two persons inside the vehicle and they are from Tripura. Police said the fight against drugs is not only for the drug dealers but also for the drug dealers. shallan is in your state.
“Furthermore, we also check the Storage Tank every day to clean it.
He said NEHUSU has demanded the full implementation of the School of Technology (SoT) so that the students can benefit from the library.
“Now I start the day in the state that sees the sun first and when the sun sets in India in Daman and these areas, I will be in Kashi,” he said.
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss and find ways and means to bring about economic development amidst the presence of insurgency and the challenges faced by the government in the fight against insurgency.
Minister Duh advised the pharmaceutical industry to look for strategic locations for investment.
Because of this, people have to run here and there to get proper treatment and thus they are getting sicker and suffering more and more with the deterioration of their livelihoods, he said.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh expressed his gratitude to God the Creator who has been with him in his life and also to the management of the company. RCLP & UP School, Laitdiengsai through the service to others in the area to promote education.
The young people who are entitled to employment, because they know and are close to the people in power, have reached the point where, before applying to the government, they don't think about whether they have anything to help them.
The HNLC said that although the coal mining has been going on for decades, the land is still lagging behind. The beneficiaries are only the rich. The HNLC has alleged that the income of the state has been declining since the time of the Congress government and the present MDA government has not made any change, said the General Secretary of the HNLC. The HNLC has said that the Riangdo incident is only the beginning. At the same time, the HNLC has urged the political leaders and traders to refrain from illegal activities, said Sainkupar Nongtraw General Secretary and Publicity Secretary. , in a statement sent today.
The delegation was led by Phraki Howni Thubru, General Secretary, KSU Jowai Circle, Jerrymaia Laloo, Assistant Finance Secretary, KSU Moodymmai Unit and Phrangki Papang.
The Chief Minister said that there have been questions sent by the Central Government regarding the proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule which the Government has to answer to the Ministry of Home Affairs. The Prime Minister said these issues include the term “Unrepresented Tribes”, the Election Party Act and others.
The union members immediately ordered the management of the company to immediately stop work and allow the workers to go home.
The Court has ordered the defendants, the group of Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang, to file a counter affidavit within four months.
Similarly, with the introduction of GST, and the changes to the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, we want to bring confidence.
Due to the heavy rainfall in the past three or four days, the collapse of trees and landslides have occurred in many places, but so far no reports have been received. a sad event.
Shillong, Jymmang, 22: Three or four unidentified boys from Shillong, Shillong, have committed a strange crime at 11:00 pm this morning. They drew a picture on the wall and this unidentifiable picture means what and in this drawing on the wall they also wrote “Beware Of Wild 7"This incident happened Forrest Colony, Lawmali Block 4, while talking to the residents of this area, they said that they don't know why these people have committed this crime. These children are only in their 20s.
He said Chandrayaan 3 and Pragyan Rover continue to show new images of the Moon.
At 12:00 pm on Tuesday, the leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Seng Kmie and the leaders of the KSU South Khasi Hills District Unit, accompanied by their relatives, turned to Sohra Police Station after the incident. Police arrested two members of the party at midnight on Tuesday from Wah-u-Tim and Saitsohpen.
The purpose of this documentary is to showcase and illustrate the journey of the party in its service to the Jaidbynriew over the past 40 years.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has congratulated India Today for taking the initiative to follow up on the work of the agriculture department in the state. will continue to work hard to improve agriculture in the state and this award will empower the state to continue to work harder to improve agriculture in the state.
Besides the annual celebrations, it has happened that November 12, 2023 is the Khasi New Year according to the lunar calendar.
“We must strengthen this feeling,” said Prime Minister Duh.
Shillong, June 29: The Citizenship Forum led by Samla Banshai Marbaniang in collaboration with the HYC Mawsynram Circle has invited all the Rangbah Shnongs, Mulors and other elders including the youth. men and women living within the boundary of Mawsynram C&RD Block.
As the beginning of this public awareness, members of MSLSA today went to Nongmynsong to explain to the poor households that the government has this opportunity to provide assistance to them where they don't have. it does not appoint Muktiar when they have any case, which affects their rights and many other matters relating to society.
Besides the money, expensive drugs were also recovered from the suspect. The BSF handed over the suspect to the law enforcement authorities for further investigation.
On the other hand, the Deputy CEM said that the reason for the rally today is only because the EC has not sent information on what it has done in this regard. place.
Shillong, November 06:The Principal Secretary in charge of the Electricity Department of the State, Shillong, has strongly criticized the social contracts between the State Government and the companies in the past years. covenants will bear fruit.
In this regard, the Prime Minister of India will also convene a meeting of all political parties in India on 4/12/2020 where the NPP party will take part in this meeting. meeting with the leaders of the party in Delhi.
Shillong, March 05: Police in the state have found that there have been fraudulent activities through Facebook and warned the residents to be vigilant in their relationships.
The seeds are not exactly owned by the government.
In his speech, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) East Khasi Hills District stressed the need to work together between the people and the police force through the VDP. He also spoke on the issue of violence against women, at the same time he said that the public should not believe falsely regarding the allegations of violence against women. The devil because of this false belief has taken away many souls.
The AIM Meghalaya has demanded that the State Government should listen and understand the concerns of the people who have received or not received the Covid TIKA as well as the extent of the protection. This TIKA will help when every day the dead are still dying in their own country and also if death comes to lyngshop any human being, it is clear that the government authorities can not protect each other. .
The Central Government has allocated T.6 crore for the Border Hat to provide all the necessary facilities. T.3 crore has been spent so far and the remaining T.3 crore will be allocated by the Government. improve the area, it will be a good thing to start the remaining improvements.
The Bill was passed by both the Houses of Parliament in November 2019 and now needs to be approved by the Legislative Assemblies of the States in India before being sent to the President for approval. Dr Andrew Simon, Commissioner and Secretary, Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, said that the government has approved the proposal.
Therefore, the union, through Bah Reachingson Siangshai, has filed an RTI to find out the truth about the Trading Licenses in Jaintia Hills.
This was done in response to the decision of the High Court of Meghalaya regarding the Public Interest Litigation No-9 of
Many of them said that in fact the forest department should have repaired or built the bridge which has been built since the time of the British so that the people who go to walk around the area can enjoy and visit the bridge. that fish.
This glorious victory of the BJP will bring India a stable government and the end of corruption.
Many other MDCs also congratulated the new CEM.
At this meeting, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya promised to stop the logging of the mountains. At the same time, he said that Meghalaya borders with Bangladesh and shares the border with Bangladesh. to curb the smuggling of people from the north of the country and to curb crime is a concern of the government and this is not only for Meghalaya but also for the state. Assam is also the same.
Dozens of members of the Seng came to donate their precious blood in this program as part of helping those who need blood for their illnesses.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Vairagyachaitanya Maharaj, Deputy in Charge of the Institute, congratulated all the students and urged them to accept the teachings of Swami Vivekananda to succeed in life and he also said that man creates his own future.
The teachers who are present at the area want to meet again with the Chief Minister to discuss the issue of their dismissal and are now waiting for the return of the Chief Minister to the city. Shillong.
He said that it is necessary to be honest, to maintain good character, to stand in the truth and to have a spirit of cooperation.
The Book Fair in Shillong by the Book Line Company has become an annual event from 2001 to 2017, Tiawri said. The number of visitors and buyers has decreased as the days go by, which shows that the literacy rate of the people in Shillong has declined from year to year.
In the speech, the JSU also congratulated the government for taking the decision to set up BOPs on the border with Assam to provide peace to the people.
The Chief Minister said that the ILP will not help any state but will affect the development of the state. the state.
The Dorbar of Executive Committee has informed the Chairman, NCST and a group of 20 members to meet face to face with Shri V Kishore Chandra Deo, MP, Union Minister of Tribal Affairs, and also Hon.
Because the rest of the Sengbhalang does not believe in our request, we too cannot refuse to move forward with the good intentions of the Shnong.
Many parents do not give the Measles-Rubella injection because they are afraid of their children when they read the news that many children suffer from the injection.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Aristotle C Rymbai said that the union has accepted the decision of the government as expressed by the Commissioner Secretary to the Ministry of Education, Bah DP Establishment.
At this meeting, which was held on 23rd Jan 2014, at the Law School, which is famous in India, various forms of public administration were discussed, and the scholars wanted to learn more about the forms of Village Authorities, Raid Councils and Hima Councils.
The overall objectives of the NLP are to: (i) Reduce logistics costs in India to meet global standards by
The Seng also warns the UPFKL that if it wants to fight, the Seng is ready to stand up and also if anything happens to the flesh and blood of its members. Shillong, Nailar 03: Ka United Government of Assam and Meghalaya should take responsibility for these areas. The Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) Central Executive Council (UHM) has received a complaint from the shopkeepers in the area under the Forest Department in Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, March 24: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today launched a book entitled “Values ​​Must Come Alive” written by Rev Bishop Thomas Menaparampil of Guwahati Cathedral. Hall Parish Laitumkhrah.
On the other hand, the United Hynniewtrep Movement (CEC) Samla Moonstar Nongrem and the Education Cell congratulate the students of the Jaidbynriew who are taking the examination of Class 10, 12 and other examinations. There are no differences in the State this year
The union has repeatedly found that the people who come to get medicine have to wait for hours even to see doctors and this happens even in the emergency room for patients who are sick. was also stronger.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Chief Minister has demanded to immediately suspend the implementation of the Roster System until the special meeting of all political parties scheduled for 15th July
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Prime Minister said that the new salary will come into force from 01 July
When they came to the top of the mountain and on the altar of incense, the old man took the part to perform the nguh ka dem through the rice and water to suit and shor to cleanse the body. The altar of incense is a sign to consecrate it again, with the words of the way to God the Creator to ascend the golden throne.
He said that the Executive Committee will also introduce the first amendment to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District 2023 and the Bill relating to the Pension Bill. The Executive Committee of the Repeal Bill, 2023 has decided to suspend the bill.
We believe Green Skills and AI skills are big equalizers and can be leveraged to provide inclusive career opportunities to the youth of Meghalaya.
Treibor R Suchen in his speech said that the JSU is a party that has produced many leaders and intellectuals in the society.
On this day, teachers were taught how to treat those involved in car accidents and how to treat damaged areas during such tragic incidents.
The MLA and MDC of the area strongly condemned this incident.
Larry P Warjri also remembered the Indian marathon runner Beningstar Lyngkhoi who set a record in 2007 at the 33rd National Games. in Guwahati.
After this, the Prime Minister, on his return from Mawphlang, visited Maitilang Park where he saw the beauty of the Elephant Fall. The Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates has been able to relieve himself of his daily duties.
Members of the union led by the President Bah Purningstar Shabong have conveyed these shortcomings to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh.
On this occasion, 10 ASHA Facilitators and 134 ASHA workers were honoured, while 887 students received Tablet PCs under the Chief Minister's Digital Learning Aid (MTAB) Scheme.
I have commended the scientists for their progress in the trials so far.
The Ministry of Education has issued this announcement on 01st November 2020 and according to the announcement, those who have been rejected for applications have been given five days to submit their applications. to the Special Appeal Committee of the Directorate of School Education & Literacy, Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today laid a wreath at the statue of Rev. JJM Nichols Roy to commemorate the 63rd death anniversary of Rev. JJM Nichols Roy. District Council.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister said that on any rule that brings about this issue, it is said that it brings about a breach of privilege in the seat of the Lamphang. to withdraw from the discussion and suggested that this 'Breach of Privilege' should be for a member of the Bar Assembly.
So far, 22821 people have been tested, 21902 have been negative and 220 are awaiting results.
Therefore, the CM is requested to take into consideration Article 5 of the Instrument of Accession and Section 7 of the Indian Independence Act 1947. Shillong within the Khasi States and should fall under the jurisdiction of the Federation of Khasi States.
The Governor's Office has issued a public notice that the decision of the Governor to seek clarification from the Election Commission under Article 192(2) of the Constitution has been sent to the Election Commission of Meghalaya. in India on
When contacted by SP News Agency, police said that the incident happened on the banks of the Shella River on the other side of the river near Pyrkan village.
When the government of Bah Lapang collapsed Bah JD Rymbai came as the Chief Minister of the state and stayed in this house but after a year his government was collapsed not only that but he was removed from the ticket. In 2008, after the election, Dr Donkupar Roy came as the Chief Minister of the state but did not stay there.
Bah Khotkupar said he relies on the law enforcement agencies to give him a fair trial because he did not act as he was accused in Riangmang village of being a witch doctor, a witch doctor and others. other charges.
Police have arrested 73 people from Edenbari Resort and sent Bernad to Shillong Sardar Police Station but he fled the scene. and Uttar Pradesh.
He said that the compensation is also for the animals that died from the lightning.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: Only Bah Lamphrang Blah of the National People's Party (NPP) has filed his nomination papers for the KHADC Speakership election. Blah was accompanied by Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Mitchell Wankhar, Bajop Pyngrope MDC Congress and other MDCs from UDA. Blah has won the election as the Speaker of the KHADC and on the first day the victory of Bah Blah will be announced in the House.
He said that many times the KSU has demanded that the state government should set up a Police Outpost in Ummat, to prevent the attack by these insurgents and if it happens that the Khasi who live in Who is responsible for these things that are happening in these areas? he said that the KSU has been defeated. (SP News).
The Dorbar Shnong on Saturday held another Dorbar Pyllun at Erpakon Village in the presence of the owners of the RN Sharma Hotel.
Agnes said that many of the households have taken money from the syieng traders and built temporary painkhna.
Sub-Divisional Agriculture Officer, Resubelpara, CK Marak gave training on how to use SRI to cultivate rice. Dr. Walme K Sangma spoke on how to raise pigs while Sub-Divisional in charge of Fisheries Helparin A. Sangma gave training on how to raise fish.
The union has also vowed to file a PIL if the JHADC does not fully implement the law on the trade of Non-Tribals in Jaintia Hills,” said the statement.
The Governor also inaugurated an exhibition on change-makers and Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav organized at the Raj Bhavan by the Central Bureau of Communication, Shillong.
The purpose of this meeting is to attract foreigners to invest in the North East in various fields.
Pohshna said that from June to July, 8 villages have lost their transformers and until today they have not received electricity especially at this time when the school children are there. During the mid-year examination, even the work of the residents has been affected due to the lack of electricity.
Shillong, June 15: The Congress party has won 12 seats and the NPP 11 seats in the counting of votes for the GHADC MDC elections.
Police recovered 3.91 grams of heroin from his body and took him to the police station for further investigation.
The Prime Minister said that we should look at what the government intends to do for the benefit of many churches because the government has been elected by the people and will do whatever the people expect. way from government.
Union Minister of State for Information & Broadcasting, and Fisheries, Animal Husbandry & Dairying, Dr.L.Murugan, Secretary, I&B, Apurva Chandra, with the team involved in the film Alma and Oskar attended the screening of the film at INOX, Panaji, Goa today.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, also sent his congratulations to the team.
Meghalaya is a state where the majority of the population is Christian and there are also people who still hold to their traditional religion along with other religions such as Hindus, Muslims and others.
As of today, 420 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 4424 people are still in critical condition, 298 people have recovered and 41647 people have recovered.
On the first day, 29/10, more than 100 people who wanted to withdraw from Aadhaar, came to the KSU Office, Jaiaw, Shillong for assistance.
The authorities had taken up this issue with the Standing Finance Committee in 2017, and after that they demanded to create 100 posts and 40 posts of Senior Residents in the Department of Anesthesiology.
The match will be played at various venues in Tura.
He said that the government continues to fully implement various schemes and programs like the NRLM as part of improving the income of the people and expressed his satisfaction to see the benefits of the people through Speaking on the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya, Bah Metbah urged the residents to continue to cooperate with the government in various development programmes. for the development of the people of the state.
The office bearers of the department were confirmed by the president of the party, Bah Apbor Nongrum. The explanation of the work of the party was given by Bah Lesphar Mawlong.
The Government should ensure that such incidents should not happen again,” said the union in a petition sent to the Minister of Education signed by Asst.Education Secretary Banpynbiang Riang. and Joint Secretary Mandor Diengdoh.
“Some parts of the road inside the village, especially during the rainy season, have turned into fish ponds,” said Bah Kromlin Shylla, one of the spokespersons of the Executive Dorbar.
The total number of cases is 1343. The number of cases according to districts is East Khasi Hills 920, West Khasi Hills 30, South West Khasi Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 117, West Jaintia Hills 11, East Jaintia Hills Hills 173, South West Garo Hills 7, South Garo Hills 16, East Garo Hills 25 and North Garo Hills
Also present on the occasion was the President of the Meghalaya State Unit, Dr WR Kharlukhi.
Until now, by the grace of God, it has not entered, it is still as we are, the health department should have come forward and educated the people to be safe.
On the other hand, he hoped that the five-day festival will provide training to the youth who are struggling to grow up. to take part in this festival.
This Mawshun is now called the same “MAJOR LIMESTONE CALCIUM” which is the same calcium and can only be sold and exported to the Cement Industry. MINOR LIMESTONE CALCIUM can be sold and exported only to the Pajwa Lime Kiln Industry.
The Government of Meghalaya and the Government of India will have another peaceful State if Articles 19 (5) and Article 29 of the Constitution of India have been fully implemented in us, that is, we have no reason to fear persecution. tyllep in the high-paid.
He said that once again the opportunity has arisen for the Khasi Hima/Elka to enshrine their rights clearly under the Constitution of India. the unity of all the Khasi and Jaintia Hima/Elaka to eat the fruit of the struggle.
The FKJGP condemns the arrest of Eldie N Lyngdoh, the Information Secretary of the Central Body, on suspicion of involvement in the petrol bomb blast at the Puja Pandal in Umsning.
In a statement, GNLA Command-in-Chief Sohan D Shira said the GNLA wants the government to dismiss its Chairman without any restrictions.
“The Housing Board was established with a loan from HUDCO and LIC in 1988-89 and now almost all the departments and other private sectors can create opportunities for get the ram.
Meghalaya witnessed a turnout of 76.60% in all the Polling Stations.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Sorbar L Nongpiur, Rangbah Shnong of Mawiong Rim, said that the Dorbar Shnong Mawiong Rim has decided not to allow anyone to sell shops in this area. place because the presence of these shops pollute this prominent tourist attraction.
The robbers detonated a petrol bomb, police said.
Replying to a question by PT Sawkmie on the ILP, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government has taken many steps in which the government has written two letters and one petition. does not remain with the Federal Ministry of the Interior.
For this reason, as they hoped, they have succeeded in getting an independent state, even in the midst of the struggles and difficulties that continue to arise while they are still struggling to leave the nation.
The first meeting of the Muktiar of the country will be held in Shillong.
Of these, 115 are civilians, 216 are soldiers and 12 are from the ITBT.
According to the GAD, once these shops are opened, the turnover will not be less than T.20 to T.25 lakh per month.
Always New (, Thir.
He urged all the Sports Clubs to read carefully and to explain to the youth so that they can know clearly.
He said that the aim is to bring the best income and economic development to the citizens of India regardless of their ethnicity and religion. However, it is up to the people to judge in these few years what they have benefited from the BJP and what they have benefited from the Congress which has been in power for 60 years. more than 20 years.
The donation was led by Samla Marconi Thongni, President, KSU Ranikor Circle and Samla Risingstar Marwein, Organizing Secretary, KSU Ranikor Circle. Secretary,  KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
Members of the union searched vehicles and foreigners who entered the state to check their documents and turned away foreigners who did not have proper documents.
The delegation, led by the Chief Minister of Nagaland, Neiphiu Rio, sent the petition to inform the Central Government that there is no allegation that the Chief Minister of Nagaland, Dr Mukul Sangma. has links with the insurgents in Meghalaya, as admitted by the leaders of the ANVC(B).
Shillong, Nailar 27: A total of 75 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in the state, of whom 29 are from East Khasi Hills and one from South Garo Hills. , 2 cases in North Garo Hills, 2 cases in South West Garo Hills and 15 cases in West Garo Hills.
Synrem said that they will send a letter to the MeECL department to remove the light which these people have used.
Shillong, July 18: The Standing Committee on Model Code of Conduct (SCMCC) of East Garo Hills District has fixed the price of various items to be used by candidates during the election campaign. Vijay Kumar Minister as Chairman.
Travelers on the Nongstoiñ-Maweit road, on Tuesday, were stranded for some time due to the landslide and the fall of trees on this road especially near Risiang village West Khasi Hills. District.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, NEIFW members Pretty Thapa and Eve Syiemlieh said that the selection for Meghalaya will be held on the 27th of this month. This month at Shillong Club.
The Chief Minister said in the House that 17 applications have been applied for coal mining license in the state which have received the approval of the Central Government to inspect the availability of coal. to obtain a license to mine coal.
The NEFIP leader said the reason for the reluctance of the Indian government to appeal to the United Nations is because in India there is an insult from the RSS with the intention of turning India into Hindutva.
The government's plan to host the National Games 2022 in Meghalaya is to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of Independence as in 2022 Meghalaya will not be 50 years old.
On this occasion, uniforms were also distributed as part of the fight against drugs and to promote youth in sports so that the youth can avoid being misled.
Shillong, Lber 05: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Mukul Sangma, today sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to convene a meeting of the All Party Meeting of all political parties.
T.101 crore has been allocated for Special Development Packages in 2020-2021 and T.70.11 crore for 2019-2 development projects for the states of the North Eastern Region of India.
Nongpoh, Iaiong 08: About four villages in Ri-Bhoi district today have been severely shaken by the storm and cold and many houses have been damaged including the crops in the houses. place rep.
Dr. Dida Khonglah, Psychiatrist of San-Ker Hospital, who led the march, said that in Meghalaya, there are still There is no place to treat this.
Therefore, the union demands that the Government and the Education Department should appoint at least four teachers in each school (two from science stream and two from arts stream) within nine months. days and also to build classrooms and laboratories in all these schools which is one of the needs of the students according to the current MBOSE course and if the government cannot do this the union itself will have to The JSU has decided to take other measures for the betterment of education and the future of the students.
This law shall apply until further notice.
He said the Secretariat of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has also provided translated copies for legislators who do not understand Hindi.
The phone used to send the SMS was also seized.
When asked what she has to say to other students, she said that the message she wants to give is “Stay away from activities that can destroy you, pay attention to what you learn in class. ".
After this, Modi will visit the guard of honour.
Also, additional allocation in resources and reforms will lead to employment and advancement.
" Prime Minister Duh talked about the new apps, new solutions and technological tools that young people have developed.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Cabinet meeting held today has approved the establishment of the Farmers Commission to look into the issues of the farmers. .
Shillong, Nailar 09: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today took part in the celebration of the International Day of the World's Indigenous Peoples (NEIPF). Meghalaya Chapter which was held at the Multi Convention Hall, NEHU, Shillong.
Former leaders of the party, Michael Syiem, Paul Lyngdoh, Samuel Jyrwa, Daniel Khyriem and many other leaders, including Adelbert Nongrum, Hamlerson Dohlieng and Guide the King.
Speaking at the public meeting, the SP of Shillong City, Bah Vivek Syiem urged the people to refrain from taking drugs and refrain from illegal activities as these cause the spread of the disease. AIDS especially on the highways and this infection is mainly from truck drivers.
The BSF has arrested many smugglers on the border with Bangladesh.
The NESO would like to extend its special congratulations to all the minorities of the North East for their hard work that has prevented the Central Government from introducing the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill. 2016 in the Rajya Sabha today.
On the same day, a Final Literacy Campaign was also conducted to train the residents on the use of money by Bah B.Shabong, Branch Manager of Canara Bank Jowai Branch.
Gigur Myrthong, MDC, Deputy Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Finance Department of the NPP party, has been appointed as the Advisor to the Prime Minister. state.
The film is a production of the training program of the TV department of FTTI in which four trainees from four departments such as Direction, Electronic Cinematography, Editing and Sound have worked together on a project for 10 years. .
The army has been shooting and raping women since 1958 and it continues today. The army has been committing these acts of violence from time to time. What they did in Assam, in Tripura, was heard of the bombing of Aizwal in Mizoram in 1966 by the central government.
The seized smuggled snares and fish were handed over to the Customs Office, Shella for further investigation.
KHNAM demands that the Director of NEIAH should clarify in the right manner and therefore the KHNAM will not be able to lodge an FIR against the Director of NEIAH. The appointment in some posts will be held on the 23rd of July.
Furthermore, the union has decided to request the farmers not to sell jhur on the 8th, but to take part in this meeting to show the solidarity of the farmers. farmers.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: A house was shot down at Lumdaitkhla village in Ri Bhoi District at 7.15 pm today.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition and TMC, today announced a donation of T.5 lakh tyngka to those who lost their lives in the shooting. Assam Police at Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills district.
The Chief Minister stressed that for the development of the area, it is necessary to have adequate roads and when the roads are adequate, the development of the area will increase.
Mankind should not only take advantage of personal gain in the trade but should also think of the present and future generations so that they can escape from many kinds of difficulties, to have enough food. drink, to avoid many exposures.
He said that the tourists include researchers, researchers or students who want to know more about the nature of the places but because they come with tour guides from abroad, These Tour Guides also mislead them because they don't know the conditions of the place.
This number is only available at Police Bazar near Motphran.
Twenty-six Meghalayans who were on a pilgrimage to Jerusalem have been stranded in Bethlehem due to violence between Palestine and Israel.
It has encouraged about 800 farmers to plant Lakadong in different villages and ICAR Research has shown that this has helped to improve the curcumin content of Lakadong.
The government has also held meetings to pay tribute to them on this day.
Stela Kharsyntiew, one of the guards, was insulted on the 19th of November this year.
Even today, although there are many resources in this age, the number of people suffering from this disease is increasing with the passing of the days. The most worrying thing is that there is a shortage of health facilities in the state.
Regarding the delay in the implementation of the Tura Medical College, whose foundation stone was laid in 2013, the reason is that the site at Balalgre is about 10 kilometers away from the Civil Hospital Tura. , the government is currently looking for a new location which will be announced soon.
Most of the cases are in East Khasi Hills District out of 111 cases while 95 cases are in East Khasi Hills District.
However, they did not think that the state government would turn around like this to the people, where the government is ready to hold a sacrifice for many people. Assam has criticized the influx of trucks from abroad for endangering the residents.
“I'm sorry.
All the injured were taken by EMRI 108 hs vehicles to various hospitals in the state.
Shillong, Iaiong 08: The Shad Suk Mynsiem 2022 at Weiking Square will start tomorrow morning and end on Monday. Thousands of dancers from all over the country are expected to take part in the festival. Banteilang S Rumnong, Head of Information Department, Seng Khasi Kmie.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today inaugurated the Mawpat Community and Rural Development Center in the presence of the Minister in charge of Rural Development, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar and the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar. Ronnie V Lyngdoh MLA Mawlai, Dr Jemino Mawthoh MLA Mawlai, Dr Jemino Mawthoh MLA Mawlai and David Nongrum MLA Mawryngkhneng.
The amendment in the resolution passed by the EC is that from now on on the issue of uranium, the Executive Committee cannot be raided without the permission of the House.
He said that once they have become addicted, it is difficult for them to get rid of the addiction.
Shillong, Nailur 16: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, in reply to a question raised by Himalaya Shangpliang on the 74 km road from Mawphlang to Balat, He said that if the government cannot build a road for two vehicles, the government will improve the road.
The Rashtriya Higher Education Abhiyan is a new scheme funded by the Central Government.
“The NSTIs are run by the Directorate General of Training, are the leading institutes for specialized skills training and have training centers and hostels across the country.
He said that he cannot say when but the party will soon send its recommendations to the government on the Reservation Policy. Send to the Government on the Policy.
Private vehicles will also be allowed to travel after the 15th of this month.
Police have arrested Pinku Ch Marak from Medical Colony, Williamnagar and seized the seals of the General Secretary, documents belonging to the Vice Chairman of the Medical Colony, Williamnagar. Pinku is from Sunny Hills of Tura district and police have been searching for him for a long time but this time they have arrested him from Williamnagar.
The Development Department of North Eastern Region has also worked with other Central Government departments to resolve issues related to the supply of medicines, medical equipment and testing equipment.
the following are some guidelines to stay safe and avoid injuries, Observe weather-related alerts when you have to go for any outdoor activities away from your family.
Shillong, June 23: Leaders of the KSU Rangthong Unit today met with the CEM of KHADC and the EM in charge of Land. the shyiap of Mr. Hedrian Lyngdoh.
Three candidates are contesting the election, Pius Marwein from the UDP, Jotin Khardewsaw from the Congress and Kitborlang Nongrem.
In particular, the Seng urges the parents to take care of their children and if the Seng finds such children and boys in the follow-up of the Seng they will not don't forgive anyone.
These machines will assist you with the Banking Correspondent appointed by the bank in those areas where there is no bank.
The total number of deaths from the disease has risen to 1581 in the state so far. The highest number of deaths has been reported from East Khasi Hills District after.
On the other hand, the BSF has found that the smuggling of cattle from India to Bangladesh is still rampant and the BSF has also strengthened its border patrols to curb the smuggling of cattle not only of goods. but even counterfeit money as well.
Brian and his team have prepared a list of crematoria in Meghalaya, which has not been found anywhere else in the world. He urged the people to come to Meghalaya to visit the crematoria.
Nongstoin, Naitung 27: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District. Sir T Lyngwa.
The death toll has risen to 144 so far in the state.
“The PDF stands on the principles of protecting the rights of the people,” said Bah HS Shylla while speaking at the meeting. He said that the vote of every citizen is precious. He said that the vote of every citizen is precious.
The webinar was conducted by Prof. Streamlet Dkhar, Executive Member, KAS and welcomed the participants by Dr. RP Kharshiing, General Secretary, KAS. Prof. DRL Nonglait, President KAS and the chief guest was Ma Vincent Pala, MP Lok Sabha.
At the same time, the Minister urged the people to come to the health centers to give birth to their children for their own benefit. health.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that the party will dissolve even the women's branches if they do not work.
The celebration was held at Yojana Bhavan Shillong.
Additional Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, MS Sangmau was the chief guest at the programme.
Speaking on the occasion, Himalaya said that this road falls under two PWD Divisions, from the first kilometer to 21 kilometers it falls under the Mawphlang PWD Sub Division which is under the jurisdiction of Shillong. South Division, while from 21 to 74 km falls under the jurisdiction of Mawsynram PWD Division.
However, the part of Shillong Market belonging to Veronica Lane has not been covered.
According to a source, at 3.30 pm, the police received a tip from the parents of the student that on the 23rd of July, 2023 at At 12.30 pm, two foreigners entered Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Higher Secondary School to ask permission from the Principal to take the child home. that you are in the midst of suffering.
Speaking to media at the Press Club of India in Delhi today, the Chief Minister said that many times people who want to see the Cherry Blossom Festival have to go. to Japan or the USA, but now the public can see the festival in India and that too in November.
Jowai, Naiwieng 24: The Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU) led by Niman Shadap and Chemi Phawa today met and submitted a petition to the Chief Executive Member of JHADC, Thombor. However, the District Council should not issue trading licenses to the Star Cement Factory to operate its vehicles or trucks.
This act of violence by the police not only upsets the family members of the arrested members especially those who come in the evening and midnight, but also unacceptable. Because this investigation by the police is exactly like murderers or robbers, and these members have not committed any illegal acts against the will of the people.
The Rangbah Dong of Demseiñïong Dorbar, Bah Anthony Nongkynrih, in a statement sent to the media on Friday, said that the Dorbar has no information on the activities of the FKJGP. any activity by any party is unacceptable within the boundaries of the Dorbar and such activities may lead to disturbance.
The KSU Leader said that the people of Sohiong and Jirang Hima will not accept the border settlement between the two states. use the forest departments to cross the border.
The meeting was attended by Bah Vivek Syiem, Spl.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: U Bah Denis Tynsiar today announced that he is ready to contest the MLA election in 2023 from Pynursla Constituency. the present case.
Pynnehbor Mylliemngap won four Browne Medals in the tournament.
During the visit of the Chief Minister to Mukroh, the JSU talked to him and demanded that a Police Out Post should be set up in Mukroh and not in Barato. They shall work in the day of judgment.
The Seng also said that it is surprising that there is a strong suspicion that the government's desire to dismiss Bah PS Dkhar is only for the reason that he has issued an order ban against him. The mining in Amlarem Sub-Division by some of the wealthy people of War Jaintia Hills District has destroyed and raped the environment and its surroundings, until the rest of the residents of the area are in dire need of water. The JYF (SP News) has alleged that the JYF (SP News) has been responsible for the opposition and unfairness of these profiteers.
He lodged a complaint with the police that one of their employees, Bah Filbert Pariat, who is in charge of depositing money at ATMs and other activities, has misused the money from the time. The total cost of the project is T.5,44,000/-.
This was stated by Roykupar Synrem, General Secretary of the HYC.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Cabinet today approved the PWD Road Repair and Maintenance Policy.
At the same time, he urged the teachers when they go to schools to teach should have a goal to improve the children and said that the teaching of the children should be in such a way as to solve the problems. not to take the chance.
However, since 2016-17, agriculture-related activities and incentives have come under it; from 2017-18, loans have been allocated for the purchase of tractors and power tillers; and from 2018-19, loans for the purchase of motorcycles for commercial purposes have also been included.
We will celebrate the 75th Anniversary of Independence.
However, Kong Bindas insisted, “I cannot stop the strike as I have decided until I have received a sufficient commitment from the Government to ensure that it will allocate funds from the Government. part to build the road.
The worst affected areas are the villages between Ryngkut and Dangar as well as the Hatmawdon area.
“But here when we have two ethnic groups, we have to demand the recognition of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​and this is the milestone, I can say,” he said.
Preparations for the inauguration of the Ranikor Civil Sub Division are in progress as scheduled for the inauguration ceremony on the 10th of this month by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma.
He urged the authorities not to issue NOC for this road as it will lead to the mining of uranium.
The total amount of money seized from the drug traders has reached T.24.22 lakh. Total cases have been lodged in court, 134 accused have been arrested, of whom 125 are males and 9 females.
The NPP said that the government's claim to curb rape in the state is merely a statement by the NPP leader and said that all this is a mistake. There is a lot of corruption in the state.
He said that the village has already allocated land for the construction of offices for the Civil Sub Division and the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has also visited the building. The desire of the people is to get a Civil Sub Division for the development of this backward area.
At the same time, COMSO urges the people of the State and especially the members of the Jaidbynriew to express to this person that the State and the Jaidbynriew demand ILP by writing letters, sending messages or Lawyerson War Vice Chairman of COMSO and Mawkordor Kharsyiemlieh in a statement sent today urged the residents of Pynthorumkhrah to vote for the ILP. They should express to him their desire for ILP and urge him to stop the talk here.
“We live in a country where the rule of law is not impartial, this means a secular state, it means that all religions are free in the whole country”.
In his political wisdom, Sardar Patel ensured a smooth integration without allowing the tendency to deteriorate the society.
New Delhi, April 30: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, today held an online meeting to review the working of various empowered groups.
Shillong, Nailur 06: Despite the police's efforts from time to time, many people have been cheated by unknown persons through Facebook and ATMs. Police have received 41 complaints through Facebook and 92 complaints regarding ATMs. Police have urged the public not to disclose their three ATM numbers if any. Whoever asks for persons who claim to be from banks because banks do not ask for any services from the public over the phone.
This was stated by Pynshai Wanniang, Education Secretary, KSU Balat Border Area Circle.
The boy is said to be about 5 feet tall with a white, round face.
The CoMSO will hold a protest at Malki Square in Shillong and will also hold in all the district centers and Civil Sub Divisions. Robert said they have met with the Rajya Sabha MP because as an MP he can speak in Parliament regarding the decision of the Central Government to demand ILP. Speaking on the occasion, Dr. WR Kharlukhi said that he supports the ILP and will write to the Prime Minister of India and speak on this at the NDA meeting.
Hundreds of tourists to Meghalaya have stood at Mawlai View Point to watch the launch of these planes to commemorate the victory of India against India. East Pakistan, which was born in Bangladesh in
On the other hand, the CEM said that if there is any connection between the permit and the uranium project, the EC will revoke the permit.
The current dispute is between the employees and the GVK company.
Shillong, Lber 13: U Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, on Tuesday said that there is nothing behind the relationship between the TMC and the BJP which has prevented it from working with India. Ronnie said that West Bengal has 42 MP constituencies and Meghalaya has only 2 MP constituencies. There are 2 more seats in Meghalaya than 42 seats in West Bengal.
ASHAs play an important role in explaining to the villagers on many of the programs of the government health department including the administration of various injections and especially on the administration of COVID-19 vaccine.
Two persons were arrested from Ri Bhoi District with bomb making materials, two more persons were arrested and HNLC flags were seized.
U Bah BB Lyngdoh, was the fourth Chief Minister of Meghalaya and as the Chief Minister he has made a name for himself in many areas to promote economic development in the state such as the MLA scheme which has been launched. This is an example that even the Central Government has taken to implement the MP scheme which we call now.
Besides, the union has also received information that even foreigners who are illegal in their behavior enter and leave from time to time in North Garo Hills by train.
The authorities (from Bangladesh) buy the sticker at T.8-10 thousand per sticker.
Speeches were also delivered by Karnes Sohshang EM in charge of Development, Fantine Joseph Lakadong EM in charge of Revenue, Sordar of Smit Pynshongdor L Nongnbri.
At this meeting, the government decided to assist the Mission Hospitals and Private Hospitals in terms of ICUs and also Oxygen for the treatment of COVID-1
In this meeting with the Minister of Urban Affairs and Municipal, the workers were requested to stop their strike as they will talk to the Chief Minister when he returns from the meeting. visit of the Chief Minister of the State.
Without being biased, we must say that because of these problems for many years on the part of all the parties many times it has made those in power in the KHADC to become like those who have power, they are just The Village, Raid and Hima Chiefs, and it is for this reason that the Chief Executive Members have demanded to have their own Council which shall be partyless and non-party. the rule of law and the parties within the Hima/Elaka.
Shillong, June 08: Samir Singh, the Bharat Ke Veer Ultra runner, will arrive in Shillong tomorrow.
Rangbah Shnongs who wish to copy this letter are requested to come and collect it from the office of the Dorbar FKS. The Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India is not only for the Khasi, Jaintia or Garo but for all the indigenous peoples including the original inhabitants. with the unanimous consent of all.
The meeting was opened by Bah CT Mawkon, MSC, Block Development Officer, Khliehriat C&RD.
“I and the party have the hope of winning the election because wherever we go we get the strong support of the people and we have the confidence of the people of the 36 constituencies,” he said. .
Speaking to SP News Agency, General Secretary of the party Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that as the leaders of the party, we have to meet to discuss what the MDCs of the party have done. set them to meet on the first of next week.
New Delhi, March 03: The Prime Minister's Street Vendor's AtmaNirbharNidhi (PM SVNidhi) scheme, an initiative under the support of the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs (MoHUA), has reached a milestone in providing assistance to more than 50 people. Lakhs of people sell roadside vendors across the country.
“We have been informed that WOSY was not given permission to conduct the program and celebrate with the same people who are not students of the university within the campus and we give our full support to the stance taken We condemn the actions of those involved in the assault on the Vice-President of NEHUSU. We urge the Police to arrest the people involved in the incident according to the rules of We also urge the NEHU authorities to take strict action against the organizers of the programme.
Shillong, July 19: Police today arrested a man named Bah Donlad Shylla for allegedly insulting the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District. these days on social media.
At the same time, she promised that this protest will not fail.
Furthermore, after checking the documents, the date and time of the inspection and the name of the Chief Superintendent of Police or any other senior officer recognized by the State Government should be posted on the website.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya has directed the BDO of Thadlaskeiñ C&RD Block to immediately distribute the financial assistance to the families of the four souls. who died in the earthquake in Pynthorlangteiñ.
In order to shock the Government, the Seng has sent a video of these two buildings so that the Government can see for itself the damage.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the disease as it is now is contagious and to prevent the spread of the disease, the people should wear masks, use hand sanitizers and wash their hands frequently. don't be afraid if you don't have a job.
Shillong, Lber 28: U Bah PN Syiem CEM of KHADC, after receiving the approval from the Governor of Meghalaya, has appointed Bah Latiplang Kharkongor MDC of Nongthymmai as the EM. and he came to Elaka.
Replying to the request for further financial assistance for the development of livelihoods by the State, the Minister said that his department has allocated T.16 crore recently and he will consider this. .
Many of those who spoke to SP News Agency expressed their regret that such incidents are happening in India and even in Meghalaya.
Special thanks go to the Government of India for its support to the struggle for independence of Bangladesh on 9 October 1971 with the assistance of India.
In 2019, 65.48 percent of the voters in Shillong and 81.38 percent in Tura.
Sangma said he had spoken to Himanta Biswa Sarma to take a decision on the survey of Block I and Khanduli-Psiar, but the delay was due to the presence of some that election.
KSU Balat Border Unit President W.Dkhar in a statement said that he strongly opposes the MLA and MDC of the area who is also the CEM of KHADC to take this decision. This urgent decision to issue the NOC for the construction of the road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji has shocked the union.
For the Rajya Sabha MP election, they will support Dr WR Kharlukhi and for the post of CEM in KHADC, they will support Bah Titosstarwell Chyne.
Kalapahar, Mawendeng, Nongkdait, Thangrai, Mawtaiem, Wahkaji, Domiasiat, Mawthabah, Nongmluh, Mawthungmalang, Mawmynsor, Thangkhiatnsawprah, and others. , New Panel , Phudumiap, Langpa, Rilang, Arphewsanmile, Upper Puksora, Makbikol, Lower Puksora, Upper Ridge, Ridge A and B, Domlinar.
The President of the HSPDP Youth Wing , Ksanbor Ryntathiang , said that the HSPDP Youth Wing sends its condolences on the passing away of Neil Nongkynrieh will set up an online registration for the recruitment of youth as members to work for the state.
The scheme is being implemented in 267 clusters of MSMEs across the country through the Quality Council of India (QCI) and National Productivity Council (NPC).
They said that the demand of their protest is to ask the government to do something to stop the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh. .
She also urged the staff of AIR and Doordarshan Shillong to work together and bring in programs that benefit the people of the state and surrounding areas.
It is to be recalled that the employees and depositors of the Pala Group in Jowai, have been cheated by the company for not paying the money of the people. On June 11, 2013, the AJYWO Central Body lodged an FIR against the company at the Jowai Police. Station on the allegation of the company to the public by submitting a copy of the complaint of the union to the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police of West Jaintia Hills District. This is the company's deception of the public.
Speaking to SP News Agency, General Secretary of the Union, Bah K Rumnong, said that they have met with the Minister in charge of Transport Department, Bah HDR Lyngdoh. He said that he has no information because this was done from the office of the Chief Minister as the personal department is held by the Chief Minister.
The lack of banks in many villages has forced the Rangbah to walk for three or four hours to reach the bank in Mairang. 145 to be in line with the current bill.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Shillong, is also the Chairman of the Committee to look into the Reservation Roster for the implementation of the recruitment. jam in the state.
Unfortunately, the evacuation of the residents from this area has been suspended because of the need as an MLA. This is one of the slums in the heart of Shillong which we cannot accept.
This has made it easier for the people of the area and now they don't have to go to Rynjah Police Station when they have any need.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The residents of Nongthymai Lumthangding village under Laitlyngkot Elaka today met with Bah Pynshngianlang Deputy CEM of KHADC regarding the problems of the residents due to the lack of Rangbah Shnong.
About 1000 people attended the Rastrapati Bhavan.
I have sufficient evidence to prove this and I have put it together as an information to you,” he said.
During these games, the youth were also made aware that they should not be misled by the leaders of the illegal rebel groups. Mindigre is the village of the C-In-C of the rebel group. LIFE u Reading T Sangma.
During his visit, the Union Home Minister met with the civil society organizations and received the petitions submitted by the COMSO group led by and Mr. Robertjune Kharjahrin.
“The Raid Mawpdang branch sold the land at Mawiong and Sohlaper in 2012 covering about 600 spahakar to private individuals amidst the opposition of the people,” said Bah Kharumnuid.
“Expressing her gratitude to God for protecting and caring for them in such a time of distress, Sharon Papang said, “Every night before we go to bed we pray, We encourage each other even though this incident has happened but our God is always with us and He doesn't forsake us, even if we are far away from home.
Government authorities today arrested a trader in Iewduh who sold too much mluh and took him to Lumdiengjri Police station.
After careful consideration and request for the opinion of the police, it was decided that permission should be given to the civil society organizations to hold this public meeting this morning at Madan Student. and the time shall be from 11 am to 3 pm.
When carrying children or when travelling, they also write shun on their heads or on their heads to avoid being thrown lyngkhuh or any other injuries.
Other speakers on the occasion also recalled what this party leader and powerful prime minister has done for India.
Nearly 220 million people in the country have benefited from this huge insurance scheme.
She said that since the 6th Khyngit was held in 1947, this is the first time that changes have been brought about. want to mention so that the amendment will not affect the nation.
“We expect the Government to strive to expedite this work as soon as possible and we also urge the DC to expedite it as soon as possible,” said Shaniah Dkhar.
The meeting was also attended by Manipur Health Minister Jayanta Kumar.
Shillong, November 05: The Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Bindo M Lanong today launched the Collection of Decisions of the High Courts. Dr BP Toi's lawyer.
If this bridge can be completed, it will be a New Year's Eve for the people of Psiar, Mooluber, Khatkasla, Sahsniang and other neighboring villages. However, the remaining work is only 700 meters on the Sahsniang line and 500 meters on the Psiar line.
According to a statement from Samla J.Paul Lyngdoh Education Secretary, the union would like to express its special congratulations to all the students who have done well and come forward in these examinations.
Regarding these incidents, the union has lodged a complaint with the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Tura Municipal Board regarding this problem.
Misleading statements and appearing in the form of disruptive messages in the days leading up to the votePersonal criticism of opponents and criticism of candidates of other political partiesProviding information that State Government on their schemes in neighboring states where elections will be held in due courseAttempts to attract voters by calling for nomination to make promises under schemes that do not exist such as giving bribes to voters through false promisesUsing a candidate's name to speak against any group of votersLeaders of political parties recognized as 'speakers' Under Section 77 of the Representation of the People Act, 1951, they give speeches at large meetings.
Answering a supplementary question by George B Lyngdoh regarding the meters, James said that the deterioration of the meters is not only now but it has happened before. to implement Smart Meters to improve the lighting metering system.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The Camel Back Road has been closed due to the fact that 41 employees of the Raj Bhavan Shillong have tested positive for COVID-1 to the street.
The Governor of the State has decided for the sake of the safety and security of the people to ban any protest in the daily livelihood of the people. any failure to provide services to the public.
The Information and Publicity Secretary of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP) Eldie N Lyngdoh said that according to media reports, there is an intention to arrest the three top leaders of the three parties. , and this intention is only to intimidate the leaders who stand on the basis of demanding the Inner Line Permit to protect the country and the nation.
Police have arrested Junita Nongbet, 40 years old and registered a complaint at Mawngap Police Station under Section No.13(06)2022 U/S 20(b)(ii). )(C) NDPS Act, the arrested person has been taken to court and the investigation is ongoing.
Tura, July 20: After a long dispute over the market in Tura which was constructed at a cost of Rs 2.6 crore, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Amparren Lyngdoh, wants to resolve the issue. They are trying to open this market at Ringrey.
Besides the Dy.Syiem, the Ministers of the Hima Mylleim and the Rangbah Shnongs of Mylliem Area were also present on the occasion. Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang (State Youth Awardee) who is also a Member of the Advisory Committee on Youth Program NYKS, Govt.
In this announcement, shops in collaboration with the Incident Commanders and Town Wending Committees have been allowed to open only in compliance with the COVID-19 rules.
The benefits of these decisions will increase the income of Primary Agricultural Credit Societies, create job opportunities in rural areas and farmers will receive fertilizers, pesticides, seeds and seeds. in their regions.
Now people are looking at India in a different light.
Regarding the number of shops in Khyndailad and GS Road, there are about 1300 to 1400 shops. Initially, many of the shops did not comply with the government's directives. to punish them by closing the shops of those who oppose.
The union demands that the state government should send a written notification at the beginning of the year to all these offices to inform them of the special days and to direct them to close as a sign of respect.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The attempt of the militants detained at the District Jail Shillong today failed after the police raided the Jail Road. .
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that one person has died of COVID-19 positive in Eastern West Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of deaths from the disease to
They will also talk to local media.
The AMCSA also requests the Minister of Labor to recirculate the Order so that it will facilitate the contracts and also be of benefit to the employees.
Shillong, Naitung 05: On receiving information about the first case of COVID-19 in Meghalaya, ASHAs and those who provide their duties, have received training on how to play an important role in the search for COVID-19 cases. 19 ha of containment area.
The loss of even one person to this disease should spur our action.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The ANTF under the leadership of the Additional Superintendent of Police and Officers today seized a Suma vehicle coming from Silchar, Assam at Lumshnong Police Station.
“Many incidents related to the handshake will become more public in the coming days as the students have become more empowered by the support and encouragement of the students by the Union,” he said. he said.
MGNREGA employs 7 crore people in the country, he added.
Shillong, November 21: Lieutenant General (Lt Gen) SK Singh, PVSM, VSM, ADC, who is also Colonel of the 8 Gorkha Rifles Regiment, concluded his visit to the 8th Gorkha Rifles Regiment. To congratulate the 58 GTC in Shillong today.
Referring to the Village Administration Bill (VAB), he said the KHADC has already sent it to the District Council Affairs (DCA) and to the Governor but instead of approving it, the Governor has sent it to the Ministry of Village Administration. Home Affairs of the Government of India.
The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Sengkmie has donated about 30 tins of household items in Sohpdok and 7 tins in Nonglum which fall under Mawhati and Umroi Constituencies. RBYF President Bipul Thangkhiew, General Secretary August Sten, Finance Secretary Liander Nongshli, and other leaders of the RBYF. .
The ECI, after careful consideration, has decided to hold the election for the South Tura (ST) Assembly Constituency in Meghalaya.
New Delhi, November 28: On November 1, 2022, India assumed the presidency of the G20 group of nations for the first time. year.
Speaking at a meeting held at Shillong Club, HYC General Secretary Roy Kupar Synrem said that the HYC is proud to see that out of the four candidates who have been selected to take part in the HYC, The three athletes from Shella will compete in the 36th National Games to be held in Gujarat.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) together with the Fire and Emergency Services Department have worked hard to assist the people affected by the natural disasters that have hit Shillong, Kynshi. slap these days.
Shillong, Nailur 28: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Leader of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) on Tuesday said that the party respects Dr Donkupar Roy. There is no discussion that they will not contest the mid-term elections in the 26-Shella Constituency.
Shillong, July 30: Meghalaya today held a commemoration to commemorate those who took part in the struggle for independence of India who sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country.
Recently in 2017, a special decision was taken by the leaders of the two countries to upgrade bilateral relations to a Comprehensive Strategic Partnership.
The assistance distributed to the people today has been fixed and the amount of money has reached 5 lakh tyngka.
“The government has not found or received any complaint that HITO has committed an illegal act and therefore the charge under IPC 34 is also wrong,” the statement said.
The Minister congratulated the UGC for this timely amendment to the National Education Policy
If it can be included in the Constitution, it will clarify the rights under these Articles of Accession and Annexed Agreement signed and approved by the Government of India and the Syiems on the occasion of the Federation of Khasi States on August 1948 to protect the Khasi peopleThis is the way to protect the Khasi Hills or the State of Meghalaya from the violations of the laws of India from time to time and will free us from the threat of violence. Every time we have to run more and more to Delhi to fight against one law after another, it's like running against CAB. problems that have destroyed the country and the unique Khasi people.
These staff were sent by these Medical Colleges to NEIGRIHMS and received hands-on training in the running and maintenance of the Video Conferencing equipment. which has been installed in seven Medical Institutions in the North East.
Shangpliang said this is the first time that the government has done anything for the film industry.
: The UPD MLA from West Shillong Constituency, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who is also the Minister of State and MDC of Jaïaw Constituency, on Saturday said that he does not have the right to vote. The Lok Sabha elections from the Shillong Parliamentary seat will be held next year.
He will raise the Lama of the country and deliver a speech to the country from the walls of the Red Fort.
The EC has also decided that regarding the 800 employees of KHADC, the EC will spend some assistance such as medical expenses for the employees when they are sick. for thou hast not received it until now, because thou hast not received this help, which hath put them in trouble.
Tura, Lber 4: The emergence of insurgents from time to time in Garo Hills is a major threat and this is the problem faced by the people.
At present, only two MDCs, Bah HS Shylla and Rona Khyndeit, have listened to the party's decision.
On the same day, the party also elected new office bearers for the year 2013 to 2015. Bah John A Massar was elected as the new president, Bah Susil Syiemlieh as the Secretary General. F Kharkongor was elected as the treasurer of the party.
In conclusion of his speech, Minister Duh stressed that improved health services can be available in India only through SabkaPrayas (collaboration of all) and urged those involved in this matter that they may give their opinions.
Madhya Pradesh came second with 3.69 crore cards and Chhattisgarh came third with 2.04 crore cards.
During the meeting, the Minister of DoNER promised to provide assistance to Meghalaya for the development of the state, he said.
Bah Banshai said he is concerned to have such people in office who are right with the students who are the future of the state. “The government will provide clarification when there are those who seek information,” said Bah Banshai Marbaniang in a statement.
It is to be recalled that the 4th Semester students have launched a Signature Campaign to protest against this order issued by the College authorities and informed that up to 400 students have supported the this is your claim.
Shylla paid tribute to the government employees who did not oppose this, but knew that it was very difficult for them.
Umtangling, Lber 10: The Hynniewtrep People's Front (HPF) today inspected the Irrigation Dam on the Umian River in Ri Bhoi District, Umtangli Constituency. Irrigation Department of the State Government.
Many of the passengers especially the sick have been stuck in traffic jam from Tongseng to Umkiang, Ratacherra especially in the temple area for many hours due to the lack of vehicles such as coal trucks. These are part of the traffic jam on the NH-6
Speaking to reporters, Bah Living Thangkhiew, one of the leaders of the Kur, said that the Kur Thangkhiew did not know anything about the action of the Syiem. to oppose.
Small vehicles have been asked to leave the private road of Star Cement.
The JSU said that it will support the JHTOA because in this JHTOA there are only indigenous people and the violence and robbery of the dewbilat factories against the owners of vehicles has seriously affected the trade of the factories. concrete.
In Ri Bhoi, there are 42 cases, 5 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 3 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 15 cases in West Garo Hills, 4 cases in South West Garo Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills and 2 cases in South Garo Hills.
The Prime Minister said that corruption cannot be forgiven, and those people who have black money.
In this regard, we have tried to get information from some dealers who said that they don't want to have to take money from the buyers because there are wholesalers who charge high prices and high prices from the dealers.
Today it was seen that the mothers who are farmers have been able to harvest the phan sohlah tlang which they have planted in the hills. the farmers are those who have sown the seed with the snow.
Shillong, Lber 04: The Commissioner and Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Bah T Dkhar today announced that the swearing-in ceremony of the MDCs who have just won the elections will be held on Tuesday at In the same announcement, the election of the Chairman of KHADC and JHADC will be held on 08th/03/2 the Chairman of the House.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Preparations for the 2022 National Games in Meghalaya are underway and Meghalaya has signed a contract with the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) to confirm the National Games. together with the Meghalaya Olympic Association.
These were announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Twitter while he was in Delhi today in the presence of the Chief Minister's Secretary, Cornad K Sangma.
Hundreds of NPP supporters from Jaiaw villages attended the meeting and party leaders also attended the meeting to strengthen the party. .
Shillong, Lber 23: UDP leader David Kharsati and his supporters today joined the BJP. this is the MP election.
All these students have already signed a soskular with the government that once they have completed their studies, they must work with the government for five years otherwise they cannot go to work elsewhere.
After the incident, the body of the woman was taken to Khliehriat for post mortem.
Chairman of the Joint Movement Committee, Naba Kumar Das, said that the proposal to unite the North East and West Bengal is the wish of the UPA government. The Minister of Road Transport and Highways, Nitin Gadkari, has supported the project and released T.3000 crore to the Bangladesh government for the purpose. kane to the street.
Sarma also praised the dedication of the Police Department across the country and highlighted the work they have done to maintain peace and order, investigate crime and assist the people. when there are any disasters from the forces of nature.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Government has decided to hold a temporary market for the farmers at Mawdan Kynjat Boll in Umdiengpum, Hynniewmer, Hynniewmer. MECOFED and ISTBT in Mawiong.
Referring to the BJP, the Chief Minister said that there is a close relationship between the government and the BJP leaders in Delhi and their work is going on. any prejudice.
After investigation, police have arrested three persons suspected of involvement in the robbery of the police vehicle. The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Shillong, Lber 29: Speaking on the upcoming election in Sohiong constituency, Ronnie V Lyngdoh said that Sohiong is the constituency where the Congress has won most of the time.
He said that the use of hand sanitizers is essential and vehicles should open the doors to get air and drivers should be careful to follow the rules.
Therefore, the people at this juncture should elect their leaders on a good basis and not be deceived by any incentives such as blankets, money, alcohol, or others.
As citizens of India who have been empowered through this Information Act, it has helped us to access information regarding the activities of the government.
: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of NEHUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSU on Friday decided to temporarily suspend the indefinite strike after the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof.PS Shukla asked for more time. days to consider the claims including the claim for the dismissal of the Technical Advisor/Senior Consultant.
Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) together with the authorities of Lawmali Dorbar Shnong, Shillong on Tuesday evening arrested drug dealers who were also carrying weapons.
The MDCs from the Ruling and Opposition parties congratulated Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem and hoped that he would be able to work better for the welfare and benefit of the Council.
Members of the Managing Committee (MC), parents of the students, Rangbah Shnong and office bearers of the Durbar, members of the HYC Mawlai circle as well as supporters of the party were present on the occasion.
Other sources said that the felling of tree branches started before reaching Plasha village in Umden area.
The HNLC hopes that the peace talks will be held in mutual understanding from both sides to move forward with the peace talks for the betterment of the state.
This was announced by Michael Warjri, Secretary, Nongspung Hima.
“As an organization that looks after the welfare and development of the district, we will soon gather all the Affiliated Clubs of the MDSA and if it continues, “We will not hesitate to take a decision in any area to ensure that the youngsters will not lose their talents,” said Bah Bankyrshan Lartang, Organizing Secretary. KSU SWKHD.Jowai, Naiwieng 16: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) in a statement today expressed its concern over the overcrowding and overcrowding of the public when queuing up at banks to withdraw money. you can return the money.
Furthermore, only about 8% smoke legal tobacco, while the remaining 92% smoke tobacco that tastes like beer, some eat tobacco, khaini, and kiwie. others.
On the part of the Government of Meghalaya, Ramkumar S, IAS, Chief Executive Officer of Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme and Additional Secretary, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare signed the agreement. state government.
I and other members of the CEC have nothing to do with the President of Bah Adelbert, but it should be done in a way, according to the rules of procedure of the party, in the presence of all the members. the testimony of the press, the media and guests.
He didn't have anything else to do but handed it over to the police.
Besides, there will also be a photography exhibition by the Riti Academy of Visual Arts, Shillong where the culture of the region will be showcased to enhance the festival.
Both of them will live together”, said Bah H.Deolangki Dkhar. lakhs of precious souls in the state.
The death toll has risen to 1552 with 1 death in North Garo Hills, 1 in Ri Bhoi and 1 in West Jaintia Hills. sun.
Shillong, November 20: The National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has been established in Shillong.
NATIONAL DATA REPOSITORY (NDR)The NDR was introduced by the Government to collect, maintain and provide comprehensive information that can be organized and stored for use in research and development, as well as consumption by R&D and other institutions.
Williamnagar, Naitung 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today visited the government flower garden at Samgong near Williamnagar and met with officials. of this tand rep which is in this place.
To date, Kong Minimon Laloo, resident of Laban Last Stp, has written and published 54 books, including novels, short stories, dramas, poetry, short stories and other non-fiction. such as Culture, Religion and General Knowledge books.
The scheme also has provisions related to health and safety which will be ensured for the public.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: These are the vote results of the candidates contesting the Lok Sabha MP elections from 1-Shillong Parliamentary Seat and 2-Tura Parliamentary Seat. 185.
On the other hand, the Seng condemns the SAD Dept for not sending the roster yet and suspending this work.
At that time, a committee was set up to inspect the implementation of the ILP in other states and Bah Bindo M Lanong, the then Symbut Myntri Rangbah, was appointed as the chairman.
The purpose of the HLC is to examine the documents relating to the land in Them Iew Mawlong.
Shah praised the initiatives of the Assam Rifles to ensure digital services in the army.
Hand with blue surgical gloves taking sars-coV-2 vaccine dose from vial with syringe: prevention and immunization concept.
Officials from the government department accompanied the Chief Minister on this visit to the villages and households affected by the floods in the plain areas of the Garo Hills.
To date, the number of candidates who have registered for the 1st Shillong LS has reached
Regarding the demands of the workers, regarding the workplaces, they will try to put them in places according to the districts, except when there is no one to look after them.
If the NPP leaders don't know, they should punish by expelling those MDCs who cheat or defame their party.
The President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Pangniang, former MLA of the constituency, was also present.
If the union finds such persons who are still violating the laws announced by the government, the union will impose severe punishment along with a thousand complaints to the law enforcement authorities.
Martin K Sangma, a member of the GNLA, has surrendered to the East Gao Hills District Police Station. there is.
To prepare for the initial review of the regulations laid down by the Ministry of Environmental Protection of the Union Government.
The office bearers of FKJGP Bataw Unit were led by Rangbah Bilis Pyrtuh, Advisor of FKJGP Bataw Unit and Bah Ampli Rupsi General Secretary.
The clothes donated included not only clothes but also baby blankets.
According to a statement issued by the Ministry of Home Affairs, the police have received information that there is a risk of any riots. Mobile data and internet services have been shut down in Ri Bhoi District.
The light ringing in Mawtngeng village in Ri Bhoi District, is only one of the villages, but such light ringing is widespread and has caused the loss of MeECL because these ringing lights light in this way you don't have to pay for light.
At the same time, he urged the students to follow the rules and regulations of the school so that tomorrow they will become human beings like them when they conduct sports. Likewise, the students should be obedient to the teachers.
“The Financial Adviser of the NEC, Gaigongdin Panmei, said that the main reason for the North East is the lack of spending.
When contacted by SP News Agency, the elders of the village said that there was no tragic incident, but many houses were damaged and the worst affected was the village. the city of New Year.
On the other hand, the civil society groups said that if the government is clear on the proposal to build the New Shillong Township, it will not hesitate to come to the public hearing to clarify the issue.
The KSU this year had informed Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh who was the Minister of Agriculture at that time and Bah Banteidor immediately directed his officers to correct these errors and filed the Khasi students are in the Open Category.
During their stay in Meghalaya till 11th July, 2023, they will also visit West Jaintia Hills and Ri Bhoi district to understand the situation regarding the implementation of central government schemes in Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 18: Meghalaya Day 47 will be celebrated on the 21st of this month at the Soso Tham Auditorium Shillong. Bah AL Hek, Minister of Culture and Heritage, will be present.
On the other hand, the party will continue to monitor as much as possible and work and follow up on the need for education, said a statement sent by the Publicity Secretary of the party, Bah Janailang Marbaniang.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Cabinet meeting today has decided to improve the road from Mawlai to Mawroh which passes through Mawtwar. Mother Theresa was named after her at Madan Mawkhar Airport.
On the other hand, the Mawsynram MLA, after meeting with the farmers, said that the matter will be taken up in the Legislative Assembly to discuss their issues. The Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, has visited the market and he thinks that there has been a change but it is still the same.
After this, the government will take up the issue with Assam to discuss the border issue. for many many years.
At the time of writing of this news, no incident has been reported. Police have been on high alert to ensure that no incident occurred and members of the HNLC did not get out. to confuse.
Shillong, July 14: The biennial elections for 55 Rajya Sabha seats, including one from Meghalaya, will be held on the 7th of June, the Election Commission said.
Myrsing said the Union will hold a meeting tomorrow to decide how to hold the protests in the coming days.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Meghalaya Health Care Association (MHCA) on Tuesday said that they support the All India Organization of Chemists and Druggists to ban the sale of medicines online.
On the other hand, Bah Sanbor clarified what his fellow MLA from the party, Bah AL Hek, said that he had no knowledge of the appointment.
On behalf of Meghalaya, Dr. Jitendra Singh spoke about the recent launch of the direct flight from Shillong to Delhi.
The Prime Minister accused the opposition of taking this issue seriously and finding ways and means to combat the influx of foreigners.
These cases include Nongstoin Case No. 9 (2) of 2012 under Section 121 (A) of the IPC, 353, 307 and 34 IPC/Sections 10 and 13 of the IPC. Unlawful Activities Prevention Act and 27 (2) of the Arms Act.
Dr Mukul said that this is a very important time because as public leaders we should not blame others but we should take responsibility for ourselves and all these years he has been thinking for to the people of the state.
He said that just as the Congress has used the Life Stock Mission as the Congress party fund, Bah Pynshianglang has also used the Special Assistance money given by the government to KHADC as the party fund of the PDF. Donkupar Sumer said that he will not sit idly by and follow up on this issue with the District Council Affair of the state government.
Shillong, July 14: Bah Tlanding Wahlang from Sngimawlein village in Mawkyrwat district has become the first person from Meghalaya to take part in the Trail World Championship held in Portugal. in Europe, organized by the International Association Ultra Runner's.
The Prime Minister said that according to the new rules, the appointment of teachers from now on will be only for those who are willing to stay for a long time in one place and only they can do that. you can apply.
The steps taken to accelerate India's journey towards the 5G era are signs of our Prime Minister Duh's confidence," he said.
According to this scheme, no person should be from the BPL category. Because the people in Meghalaya in the rural areas are poor, it is necessary to show the BPL card. The category for the disabled shall be of any age but for the elderly, for women shall be 58 years and for men shall be 60 years and the fee shall be T.500 per month. .
KSU SWKHD leaders have also spoken to fight against Benami, on this issue, on the other hand, KSU SWKHD has strongly suspected the spread of Benami especially in the border areas with Bangladesh.
On the other hand, these two organizations who are employees of the Meghalaya government have collected donations from each other and afterwards the office bearers of MASA and MTASA have handed over the money. to the chief minister of the state.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister, Development and Mattithaw, and Suwari congratulated the unions for organizing this event which should proclaim the contribution of the skilled workers. society doesn’t even remember.
The main objectives of the competition are to raise awareness of the problems and equality of people with disabilities.
The expansion of railway lines in the NE has reached 972 km and was completed between 2014-2017 and in Sikkim the railway line will be completed in November
Therefore the application is not complete.
New Delhi, July 16: “India is ready to become the sixth country to have its own Deep Sea Mission,” said Dr Jitendra Singh, Independent Charge, Ministry of Science and Technology. Independent Charge of Earth Sciences, Minister of State for PMO, Ministry of Atomic Energy and Space and Minister of State for Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions, on Saturday in New Delhi.
“For the sake of the life and death of the country and the people, the Union has decided that from now on only one format will be created for the various syrnot which will be used uniformly in all the countries. “At present, the matter is under the investigation of the SWS-East Jaintia Hills District,” said the statement.
The Shillong Traffic Police on Tuesday destroyed 181 Modified Silencers seized from drivers of four wheelers and two wheelers motorcycles in various raids.
On the other hand, the UDP under the leadership of Working President Paul Lyngdoh also laid flowers and expressed his condolences.
The event was attended by 85 participants from 31 PSEs from various industries.
Speaking to reporters, the president of the union, Aristotle Rymbai, said that 12541 SAA teachers in Meghalaya have not received their salaries for three months because the state government has not received their salaries. can be paid for the reason that the central government has not released the funds.
He said that the number of children infected with HIV has started to increase in Meghalaya.
According to the reports of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, the first session after the elections was held on 11th October all 60 MLAs on this day.
This will facilitate the smooth running of trains and reduce the time of trains to and from the North East along with the traffic in the important foreign exchange.
Police have released this youth after receiving a tip-off that one of the foreigners who was shot dead on the 12th of this month was not involved in the shooting of the youth. they.
In addition, the social agreement provides for the appointment of a Commission under paragraph 14 of the Sixth Schedule to the Constitution to look into the demand including the villages adjacent to the North Cachar Hills Autonomous District. Council (NCHAC) and the Council The social agreement also contains important measures to be taken by the Government of India and the Government of Assam to provide assistance to the surrendered members of the DNLA. for the development of T.500 crore by the Government of India and the Government of Assam over the next five years, for the development of NCHAC as well as the Dimasa community living in other parts of the state.
For the first time in 67 years (1952 – 2019), the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHASI) has been appointed. Council (KHADC) to appoint a Special Committee to review the IOA & AA and the Sixth Schedule.
Shillong, Iaiong 05: STIEH today held a public meeting at Golflink Ground to raise awareness among the people and at the same time to condemn the people who were involved in the murder of Bah Differential Mythology.
Shillong, Lber 23: Answering a supplementary question by Himalaya M Shangpliang MLA Mawsynram, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the money from the SPV of Lafarge Cement has expired. more than 100 crore rupees have not been used.
Because Syiem Hajon Manik Syiem, who was not from the tribe, could not burn Syiem Ram Singh, the Hima Sohra could not accept him as Syiem.
Pala will file his nomination for the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Seat on the 22nd of this month. on Wednesday.
However, Bah Nongsiang said that the government's introduction of the Service Rule and the National Pension Scheme is part of the acceptance of provincialisation.
In his speech, the Chief Minister of Manipur, O.Ibobi Singh, said that despite these incidents, the government has decided to maintain peace and order in the community and the perpetrators will not be punished severely.
The Bill was sent to the Select Committee after a demand from the Congress MDCs who are not in the Legislative Assembly that before the Bill is passed, it should be considered thoroughly. Send it to the select committee for consideration.
This social agreement was signed by OPTC and Arup Ch.
She said the presence of birds and animals shows the beauty of the environment and urged everyone to join hands to protect the animals and forests.
“The Buddha's message of freedom from violence, Mahatma Gandhi's reconciliation even in the face of violence, through the G-20, India is promoting these,” he said.
At present they are not covered by the Labor Law of the State Government.
The main objective of Bah Latiplang is to distribute computers to these schools which is necessary in this age.
Besides increasing the number of gates, the government has also deployed special police teams in all districts. The Superintendents of Police have been directed to cooperate with the Rangbah Shnongs and VDPs to provide information on the arrival of people. wonderful in the villages.
In the meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs, the GSU urged the central government to invite other rebel groups like the GNLA, ASAK and others to the negotiating table and the government should look into what to do. act for bringing about an atmosphere conducive to peace talks.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma has awarded medals and certificates to the three winners. , Myllarill Mawa, Medical Technician and Peter Watsan Nongkhlaw, Driver.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said that the government has taken many measures to protect the water sources, by planting trees or by working with the villages to maintain the water sources. environment.
The states that will go to the polls tomorrow are Bihar, eight constituencies, Himachal Pradesh four, Jharkhand three, Madhya Pradesh eight, Punjab 13, Uttar Pradesh 13, West Bengal nine and Chandigarh one.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Meghalaya State Planning Board Working Group-III, under the chairmanship of MSPB Co-Chairman, Bah John F Kharshiing, held a three hour meeting with the officers of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. and Family Welfare to hold a meeting with the officers of the department.
The winners of this competition will be the spokespersons for the fight against tuberculosis which has affected the world and even in Meghalaya.
Shillong, March 31: Besides other protection measures, the Hima Khasi States also have special customary practices and rules which can be strengthened to protect the Hynniewtrep people if the KHADC authorities , JHADC and GHADC have taken steps to introduce the Acts and Rules of 54 Hima/Elaka in Khasi Hills and 18 Elaka Dolloi and one Sirdarship in Jaintia Hills and in the jurisdictions of more than 1400 Nokma in the country. Lum Garo Hills.
The school has now run many activities including internal lending and running a school in the village.
Answering additional questions by Bah RV Lyngdoh, Bah Pyniaid said that this was done under Rule 2 of the Sixth Schedule, under Rule 7, this is to give recognition to the head of government and to bring a meeting of their own.
On receipt of the complaint, the police immediately informed all the places to search for the child and in the search operation, the vehicle was seized from Umshyrpi in Shillong. Police have handed over the child to the family members of the police.
It was also mentioned that the administration of the Elaka shall be conducted according to the Rules or Rules which the District Council may enact or will enact from time to time. according to the customs and traditions of the Elaka.
Answering questions, James Myntri in charge of the Electricity Department said that the remaining debt has been collected for many years.
: The Joint Action Committee of the Sohiong Hima on Thursday requested the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council to complete within 10 months the election of the new Lyngdoh of the Sohiong Hima.
The last tribute to Bah HS Shylla was held at his home in Lumkhriem where the elders spoke and expressed the wonderful character of Bah HS Shylla in his service to the people for the sake of the people. .
Shillong, Naitung 24: Answering a question by GM Kharpuri regarding the benami trade, Bah Paul Lyngdoh EM in charge of Trade and Industry in KHADC, said: The EC has taken many measures to stop this.
The meeting was attended by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Thomas A. Sangma, the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, the Deputy Chief Ministers including Bah Prestone Tynsong, MLAs and Officers from various departments.
The Minister also honored Meaidabahun Majaw from Shillong, who is studying in Class IV and has developed an anti-bullying app that can be used through mobile phones.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: U Rajesh Khongphai of Pungweikian Village in Pururlsa district has been injured in a fish accident after being hit by a Dngiem on Saturday while he was on his way to the laboratory.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar said that Baikam village which has 37 households has expressed its desire to enter Meghalaya and said that this demand will be met. it will be fixed this time.
There were those who suggested that the government should build and improve the roads from Shillong so that vehicles can avoid entering Shillong. The road from Lad Umsaw to Umiam to Hynniewmer has been closed so that vehicles going to Sohra will not go to Shillong.
Shillong, November 27: The Shillong College Higher Secondary Education and College Football Team will leave Shillong tomorrow morning to take part in the National Championships. Foundation Youth Sports Football boys football”.
He also spoke about the new airports being implemented in the North East.
However, during the inspection, the Seng found that there are about 30-40 households and many shops of foreigners who have come to stay without permits.
Therefore, as the plaintiffs, we pray and request the Hon'ble SC to declare that (a) the CAA 2019 is against the Constitution and (b) to issue an order under Article that the Government of India should have clear, adequate and complete rules for the regulation of refugee matters.
The union questions the government how these people come into Jaintia at this time of Covid-19 but these people can come at will to this district.
The CRB has made it clear that if there is any announcement that there will be a vacancy in the police department, it will be announced on the website of the police.
He said that if allowed, the government will be a spectator to such illegal activities of these soldiers. , as it happened in Moses.
At this meeting, the group of Dolloi together with Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Dorbar Executive Committee, discussed the issues arising from the meeting in the special office room of the Dolloi at the Jaintia Hills Autonomous Office. District Council, and decided to meet again soon.
KSU West Jaintia Hills urges the Meghalaya government to look into the matter if the police know that if anyone comes to the meetings especially on the border issue, they are often arrested. Only the villages whose names are known because there are many Pnar villages, in Block I there are 36 villages.
All these incidents were caused by the actions of a teacher at Upper Primary School, said Bah Michel.
Speaking at the meeting, which was attended by coal miners and coal traders' associations from different parts of the state, the Chief Minister, who is also in charge of the Ministry of Mines, said: He said that many people have been affected by the ban on coal mining and this meeting is to find ways how to get rid of this problem and to fight for the restoration of the coal mining industry.
On this occasion, the Lum Jingthang Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, has donated gifts to the members of the Seng Khasi Kmie who have come forward to help in the donation to the Seng Khasi Kmie. .
He also explained about the ODOP initiative of the Central Government and the victory of Shynrai Lakadong.
All District Electoral Officers have been directed to print the electoral rolls and distribute them to the political parties.
Police arrested them while they were entering India.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) under the leadership of its President Bah Bandari Ryntathiang has expressed its concern over the increasing number of foreign traders in Byrnihat, Baridua, Khanapara, Umroi Cantonment, Rangment and other areas. The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem today met and submitted a petition to the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem.
During the search operation, police recovered 9.5 lakh tyngka from the shop.
The HYC and the KSU have protested against the initial release of the names of the Ministry of Agriculture for the SC allocation. and this is the responsibility of the department.
This is the same Sengol which was received by the first Prime Minister of the country, Jawaharlal Nehru at his residence on the night of 14th July, in the presence of various leaders.
Now it is their turn to come to the negotiating table and ensure that they find the ways and means how to resolve this issue. “If there are any areas that still need to be discussed, it is necessary to discuss and resolve them,” he said. Assam should include all political parties.
At the same time, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the state government has talked to the central government to introduce the National Agro Forest Policy to make it easier for the farmers to take the work of planting trees as a field.
He urged the youth to avoid alcoholic beverages which damage the body especially the football players.
The Ministry of Tourism has prepared a National Strategy for Adventure Tourism and has appointed a National Board for Adventure Tourism to lead the implementation of this strategy to promote tourism in the country.
In November 2016, the government released two months. During the meeting, it was said that the authorities in charge of the MTC will do their utmost to pay their monthly salaries. MTC has resumed operations from 4 pm today.
Shillong, Lber 16: To encourage agriculture without the use of fertilizers to maintain a clean environment and a healthy body, the Department of Agriculture (ICAR) has launched a The training was conducted by Dr SV Ngachan, Director, ICAR, NEH, Umiam.
The false news that we hear from time to time we must be vigilant and vigilant and we must fight as hard as we can to live together in this state.
Similarly, the registration of shareholders will also take place on or before July 4, 2024.
The tournament was inaugurated by the General Secretary of the KSU Seng Kmie, Samla Donald V. Thabah who was the chief guest in the presence of the leaders and members of the KSU. The Raid Margnar, which falls under the Hima Mylliem, on Thursday held a traditional ceremony known as the Tongdoh of the children of thousands at Pung Mawthlen.
Shillong, July 06: Along with the rest of the world, the BSF troops also conducted a tree planting ceremony at Umpling and planted 1200 tree seedlings on the Environment Day.
The HYC has carried placards across the state from Jaintia Hills to Garo Hills demanding the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya. COMSO has organized this protest on the occasion of the 49th Anniversary of the State to inform the government that the State does not need the ILP to prevent the influx of people. who is in sha bar you state.
No one has any doubts regarding this.
It is surprising why these foreigners have come to this country.
At the same time, he directed the Chief Secretary and the Additional Chief Secretary of the State Government to send the report to the Chief Minister's Office so that the Government can do whatever is necessary to provide assistance to them. houses affected by this natural disaster.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Minister said that they have agreed during the discussion that the District Councils should make the rules for the houses and that there should be Twon Planning Committees.
Robert said that this action of Assam is illegal against the Constitution of India, because according to the Constitution one state cannot ban the trade from another state. state to another.
On the other hand, the President expressed his satisfaction to see that the District Committee of East Khasi Hills has been confirmed today.
They also warned on the need to eliminate the regional and religious differences among the Khasi and to feel united as the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram, Lyngngam and Diko who make up one Jaidbynriew. Khasi is old.
Manipur has shown that it has the potential in physical education not only in India but also in the world as they have shown in various sports events. I'm looking forward to the Ri.
A mother who cares for and nurtures her child does not do it only because it is her duty.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle has decided to take action against the MLA of Mawlai, Bah Process T Sawkmie. you die.
Shillong, Naitung 2: The recruitment of the 119th Infantry Battalion (Territorial Army) will be held in Shillong from the 8th to the 13th of this month at Kenches Trace.
Regarding this, the state government has allocated 50 acres of land in New Shillong and on this land the government will build the Shillong Medical College. because the government cannot accept many rules.
On the other hand, Bah Teibor Pathaw said, “It is through Bah FS Khajee who has worked hard and taken the initiative to get this by-pass road. The government has decided to name this road in the name of Bah FS Khajee.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has so far identified 44 people who have been in close contact with two people who have been infected with the virus. Greenwood Resort in Assam has confirmed 10 new cases of COVID-1
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawryngkneng Circle today, 20th July 2018, under the leadership of the President of the Union, Samla Reallystar Nongspung, met and submitted a petition to the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs. Banteidor Lyngdoh, in a meeting with the Minister, demanded the expedition and implementation of the stadium which the government has chosen to build at Sohryngkham.
The Cabinet today also approved the Right to Fair Compensation and Rehabilitation Rules 2017 on the acquisition of land by the government. The Land Acquisition Act was amended in 2013 by the Central Government.
The Women's Wing of the Unitarian Church has conducted such programs not only within the churches; but also in the markets as well.
Shillong, Rummang 02: The Cabinet meeting will be held on the second day of this month at Mih Myntdu Hall, Jowai.
The government will now use this site in Mynthong by transferring the students of Kiang Nangbah College who are Class XI and XII to this site in Mynthong.
The deceased was identified as Ram Bashan Rai, 58, who was shifted from Woodland Hospital to Civil Hospital Shillong on the 11th of this month. you don't have high blood pressure.
The meeting decided that in these 27 Dorbar Shnongs, they should convene a dorbar to take a decision and the decision taken in the dorbar should be sent to the RTEDC, so that they can take a decision. sent to the JHADC to demand its own Tuber District.
To prevent the spread of this disease in accordance with the powers conferred on Section 6 of the Prevention and Control of Infectious Diseases in Animals Act,
The HYC through RTI has found that the issuance of Labor Service License to private individuals by KHADC has started since 31/July/2009 during the tenure of CEM Bah Manstudy Nongrem.
Shillong, March 17: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC-Shella) Area Unit has expressed its satisfaction and pride over the selection of 7 youths from Shella Village to represent the State in the “Glenmark 37th Sub-Junior and The 47th Junior National Aquatic Championship-202 will be held in Bangalore, Karnataka from the 19th to the 23rd of this month.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: U Prestone Tynsong, State President of the National People's Party (NPP) in Meghalaya, has announced Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh as the MP candidate for the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Seat and the 2nd Tura Parliamentary Seat. Agatha K Sangma, MP from the constituency.
Shillong, November 27: The announcement of the Congress MLA candidates will continue until the new year, as the party is still preparing the candidates for the candidates from the constituencies.
At the same time, during the meeting with the Prime Minister, they also discussed the road from Umsning-Mawhati to Jagiroad and the government should turn it into a National Highway.
In a statement, it was said that NEIGRIHMS has recently appointed between 40 and 50 nurses through NORCET, but they have not yet accepted the post and some of them have resigned. Shillong, Jymmang 22: U Sunil Alagh, Chairman of the Board of Governors (NIT) Meghalaya, today demanded the burning of nurses from Meghalaya. Prof. Pinakeswar Mahanta, Director, NIT Meghalaya, has met the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, at Raj Bhavan Shillong today.
During the meeting, the union urged to immediately repair the dilapidated school in the village and to bring back the posts of Asst. The Director promised to take action on this issue so that the school can open in the new year.
The District Administration has said that the curfew in Shillong will be from 9.00 pm to 6.00 pm.
The Prime Minister has expressed his concern over the BJP-led NDA government's desire to amend the Indian Citizens Act with the aim of allowing Hindus in Bangladesh to enter the country. India This is a major threat to the North East of India.
In the Miss India Tourism International contest, Ebapynhun Syiemlieh was the winner and in the Miss Tourism International contest, Mebarisha Sohphoh came second.
The Congress party won seven MDC seats in 2019, including Balajied Rani, Charles Marngar, Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Pynshngainlang Syiem, Bajop Pyngrope, Carness Sohshang and Grabiel Wahlang.
Dr Singh said that the medical and health sector has also improved and has opened up opportunities for the youth to earn money from it.
““The appointment of one or more Lokayukta is harmful because it also opens the door to the arbitrariness and power of one or more individuals.
The report was released to inform India on the incidence of the disease in the country, states and Union Territories so that the disease can be prevented from being transmitted from mother to mother. to the children this is the census which is done in all the countries of the world.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, East Khasi Hills, said that to bring peace and order, the government should not bring or deploy police in Mawlai. “I urge the government to empower the Dorbar Shnong,” said Bah Herlambok War, Rangbah Shnong Iewrynhep.
At this meeting, they informed the ADC D Phawa that the NHAI has not informed the public about the “Free Fasttag” which was announced since the 15th of this month. until today.
The HYC in these days has extended its hands of assistance not only to the urban areas but also to the villages in different parts of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
MPs shall have the power in Parliament to pass laws of India, to amend or repeal incorrect laws, ii.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Federation of Khasi-Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today visited Polo area to collect trading license.
“Every day is a holy day and it does not mean that people are clean and believe in God only on one day of the month while other days are unclean,” said Bah. Paul.
Those who wish to take part in this tournament can be from 7 years to 21 years old and the entrance fee is T.1000/- tyngka.
Police have conducted a search warrant in connection with these incidents and law enforcement agencies have been vigilant to ensure that the perpetrators do not get away.
In response to this demand, Prof. Shukla has asked for three days to take action against Nantu Das who has been arrested and is still in police custody on this charge.
Speaking to reporters after the march, HYC General Secretary Bah Roy Kupar Symrem said that the march by the students was to encourage Bah Ardent and to force him to The State Government to review the Reservation Policy which was implemented 51 years ago.
These policemen from Assam have entered the ATM of SBI in Bhoirymbong. The union is concerned that the COVID-19 pandemic in Assam is still very high. They are located in Umru, Assam.
I don't know exactly what happened to our people who are outside.
The group was led by the Convenor of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Seiborlang Warbah.
The KSU Wapung Unit through this day after the meeting has planted up to 60 trees of various kinds in all the village schools, village churches and dorbar halls of all the villages.
About 6700 ASHA workers have participated in COVID Village Health Awareness Groups and Active Case Search Groups in Containment Areas.
Answering a question, Bah Shadap said that there is a need for an Education Commission in the state because many of the problems they face have to go to the High Court. and at the same time it affects both sides if there is a Commission it will help to resolve the issues.
Recognizing the crucial role of infrastructure in the unlocking of transport and economic development, Mizoram has taken steps to develop transport infrastructure, areas residential and tourist services.
Batesi TV has learned that the students who have completed their studies from this shlem are now under the supervision of Rev Father CM Jose. class and many of them have been employed in their lives.
As a child, I experienced fear about child kidnappers who used to go around the village at night.
The meeting also discussed that according to the Tobacco Products Act-2003 (COTPA) it is against the sale of cigarettes within 100 yards of schools.
The District Councils, KHADC, JHADC and GHADC have met once and gave the state government the opportunity to discuss the central government's wish to amend the Sixth Schedule. the chief minister took note of this.
The Minister in charge of Government Development, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, inaugurated these vacant houses in the presence of the MLA of the area, Bah AL Hek.
All these villages are farmers and their produce has to be transported by people to Mawiong Khri village which has a highway and to transport them to the markets especially at Langstieh Market in Maiang.
At present, only Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit has been confirmed to contest as an independent candidate and the Congress party will announce the name of the candidate in the church.
The Chief Minister urged the people to register themselves under the MHIS scheme and to renew it. every year.
It was also observed that many other farmers of the village are maintaining social distancing when they are in their farms and also other rules related to Covid-1
Regarding the ILP, the Opposition Leader said that the government should find ways and means to convince the Central Government that Meghalaya needs the ILP. Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) have left for Langpih to encourage the people of the area who are still in the midst of the conflict between the governments of Meghalaya and Assam.
If anyone is found, they will be arrested and punished according to the law.
The Durga Puja celebrations have been held smoothly across the state.
Shillong, Naitung 12: There have been 18 new cases of COVID-19 confirmed in Shillong, 10 from East Khasi Hills, 5 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from West Garo Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of cases has risen to
Bikas Chetia, a taxi driver from Guwahati, Assam, has been abducted from Tikrikilla. on 04.11.2022 in Tikrit.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: Rangdajied United FC President Euginson Lyngdoh today announced that the club will take part in the 3rd Division of the Indian Premier League for the 2023-24 season.
If the members of Art of Living were arrested only because they did not receive permission from the state government to meet with the HNLC leaders, why didn't the police arrest Kong Roshan Warjri who was talking on the phone with the General Secretary? The Seng at that time without the knowledge of the State Government.
These clothes that went to be given were all new clothes.
He said that according to the constitution of the party, persons who have not yet joined the party cannot accept themselves and are members of the party. management of the organization.
Speaking at the launch, the President of the Shillong Press Club expressed his gratitude to Tata Motors for bringing this safest vehicle to Shillong.
Any children under 15 years of age who wish to attend the training in Germany should contact Bah Khlain Pyrkhat Syiemlieh, Football Coach at the Directorate of Sports & Youth Affairs for any information. You don't have to go to the Polo Ground.
In this incident, police have arrested a 16-year-old boy from Mawlai Mali.
Bah Pyniaid said that they came to surrender themselves before the authorities of KHADC with a request to the CEM to issue the Trading License and they also handed over a letter to renew the Trading License. your License.
The report will focus on the time and employment of women and girls through the provision of drinking water.
Replying to a question on the schemes that the government has implemented at the Marten garbage dump, the Minister said that the construction of a garbage dump at a cost of Rs 15.79 crore has been allocated. from ADB, land improvement at a cost of Rs 27.9 crore.
At the same time, the teachers urged the government not to forget the demands of the teachers in the celebration of this Teachers' Day which is held every 5th November. year.
The NPP will contest all 24 MP constituencies in the North East and in the MLA elections in Arunachal Pradesh it will contest in all 60 constituencies.
The girl confessed that she got to know one of the four through PubG and in November, 2024, her friend invited her home and trusted her. Your friend went to your house without suspecting your evil thoughts.
To spread this message to all the areas, the calendar will be distributed to all the Panchayats in the country.
Gardon said that so far only one candidate has applied for ticket from the NPP from the 17th Shillong North Constituency and that is Erwin K Syiem Sutnga who has been accepted by the NPP. from Shillong North.
It was outside the venue that the members of NEHUSU staged a protest to demand that the NEHU authorities should release the results of the BA students of the sixth semester.
Shillong, July 23: The Chancellor of CMJ University, Chandra Mohan Jha, has sent a letter to the President of India to inform him of the incident at the university. The state of Meghalaya.
In order to promote Meghalaya to the world, the government is now looking for ways and means to make Meghalaya a place where people come during the rainy season or the New Year.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 596, with 15 recoveries today.
Even if the government attacks its members with lathi bombs or arrests, the members of the party will not back down in fear.
Today, 34 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in 10 districts, 13 cases from East Khasi Hills, 6 cases from North Garo Hills, 6 cases from West Garo Hills and 3 cases from West Jaintia Hills. .
However, sadly, these refugees and their families have been infected with the bih tit and up to 6 people have died and up to 11 people have become ill and have recovered after treatment. hospital.
On the other hand, ARF Chairman Mangrak Marak said that the emergence of many of these rebel groups is due to the differences of opinion among the leaders. The decision of the UALA, ARF and ANVC(B) which are fighting for their own state to come to the peace talks.
The Minister of State for Information and Broadcasting, Dr L. Muruganu congratulated those who took part in the program to celebrate the National Broadcasting Day.
The task of this commission is to look into the measures and also to draft the Rules in accordance with the notification issued on 15th March
The group has been able to produce more than 10 lakh seeds per year, which is more than the target.
At the same time, Min Sing Makri, Working President of Ri Bhoi DCC, Bah F Khymdeit, Chief Executive Officer of NBCC, Bah Donlang Sohkhlet, Secretary MPCC, have left. from the Congress party to join hands with Dr Lapang.
In Shillong, the celebration of Holi has been going smoothly and it has been seen that the people who celebrated this Holi have thrown their hands at each other as a sign of greeting each other to welcome the Pyrem.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Central Election Committee (CEC) of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) today decided to announce the list of candidates. The first of the candidates to contest the MLA Election 2018 from 11 constituencies.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, said that the time and work demands that the Government should pay honorarium to the Rangbah Shnongs, Chairman and Secretaries of the VECs. He requested the Dorbar Shnongs who have Law Shnongs to send information to the BDO and his office so that they can prepare a map of the village. to meet separately with these villages which have Adong Shnong forests.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Police Department, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on the allegation that the Police have misused their power and arrested them without cause. by the Police of Laban.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Erwin K Syiem Sutnga, President of the Meghalaya People's Labor Union, Bah Ferdinand Jyrwa, President and General Secretary of the Meghalaya Tourist Transporters' Association.
Shillong, Nailur 05: U Ram Narayan Mohanto, 17, has lodged a complaint with the police that his younger brother Chandan Kumar Mahanto, 17, has been missing since 26th Nailur.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: A delegation led by Paiem Dr Balajied S Syiem, Syiem of Hima Khyrim, together with Bah P Lyngdoh Pyngrope, Lyngdoh Raid Nongkrem and Bah John F Kharshiing, Adviser and Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States.
On the part of KJNU and others will be with you even if you are far away they are ready to protect you, don't worry if they are in their own state, because the land can “But blood cannot separate,” said Niman Shadap in a statement.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said that after the House has passed the bill on 27/10/2018, the The Government has spoken to members of the Khasi Author Society (KAS) and the Achick Literary Society (ALS).
Other speakers included the Rangbah Shnong of Maweitnai, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawsing, the Rangbah Shnong of Lyngkien Shyiap and others. This is the first time that the residents of Mylliem Lum have received such training. it shall also be a blessing in their lives.
In a statement, HNYF President Bah Sadon Blah said, “While the police are investigating the incident, how come the Coordination and Welfare Committee has pointed fingers by linking the KSU to the murder of Isan? Singh and Sujit Dutta.
The Press Tour was organized by the Press Information Bureau, Shillong in collaboration with the Press Information Bureau, Lucknow with the support of the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, Government of India.
The main reason is that there is too much crime here in the forest.
The purpose of releasing one song after another is to capture the interest of the listeners, so that they can understand the words and sound of all the songs.
On the other hand, the Minister in charge of Distribution said that the government will not abolish the scheme but will continue.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma today asked the Minister in charge of Land Department on the incident ha New Balakhawa, where they did not see him speak. nothing about this incident.
The training was attended by nurses from 10 villages, Patharkhmah, Mawdem, Bilahari, Old Jirang, Pathardharo, Mawskei Them, Warmawsaw, Mawpliang, Nongwah Mawlien, Raja Khomai and New Jirang.
He was also the publisher of the Highland Post newspaper in
So you should not and cannot separate us from the Umngot River.
The purpose of the meeting was to demand the removal of the DC of West Khasi Hills District.
About 200 workers from Pomlakrai area have decided to work hard and elect Samla Egenstar Kurkalang in the MLA election 2018 to be their MLA from Nongkrem Constituency.
When asked whether the party will nominate Bah AL Hek, MLA Pynthorumkhrah from Shillong constituency, Dr. Ao said, “I have seen in the media but I have not spoken to him.
He talked about the basis for the implementation of these three criminal acts and how this exempted legal acts from principles introduced by the British which was intended to maintain control The British have rejected India on the grounds that this is for the sake of the rule of law.
The festival came to an end on the 23rd of June, 2017 in a grand manner.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Sub-Divisional Officer (SDO) of Amlarem Civil Subdivision regarding the rape of the Officer Incharge of Muktapur Veterinary Dispensary by BSF troops. Dr. Seiboklang Buam, who was on his way to fish in the Lakroh River.
: It means to distribute from oneself; it is a member of the lamjew that cuts lyngkhot for the purpose of sacrifice;
Traffic jam in Shillong has increased over the years due to the increasing number of vehicles while the roads remain unchanged.
This needs to be changed, which can be done with the active participation of the people of the region and training the whole country on the contributions of freedom fighters, intellectuals, athletes, artists from the North East to build the a modern India," she added.
The Prime Minister's visit to the hospital was to express his condolences to those injured in the protest for ILP in Meghalaya.
At this meeting, they reached an agreement to set up a Peace Committee to ensure peace and order in the Block-II area. problem on both sides.
Replying to a question by Fantin J Lakadong, CEM Titosstarwell said that according to the Land Acquisition Act 2013 which belongs to the Central Government, all land acquisitions under the jurisdiction of KHADC before they are implemented. NOC must be obtained from the District Council.
The All Jaintia Cricket Association, which tied first, scored 121 runs for the loss of six wickets in 20 overs.
Lalan Singh (JDU) has been appointed Minister of Agriculture and Jitan Ram Manjhi (HAM) Minister of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises.
On the other hand, BJP President Rikman Momin, while answering a question on the peace and order in the state, said that as the government, we have a sense of security even if they are in the government. do nothing to lead to evil.
He said that there is no forgiveness for corruption now and there should be a society free from this evil.
He said that as people who start their own businesses with loans from banks, those who take loans should work hard to fight as much as they can to repay the loans. to grow in your work.
From time to time, the Waheh Shnong has reminded the officers about the incident or the loss of the transformer, but the answer received is that they have already informed Shillong (Head Quarter), but until now no No reply has been received for the purchase of a new transformer for Dong Pahar Umkiang.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Robert June Kharjahrin on Tuesday said that after receiving information about the registration for MBBS doctorate in various institutions belonging to the state government, and the people were gathered together, who were not of the people.
The meeting between the two countries was held at Umpling, Shillong.
According to the petition, there are 18 villages in the Nongthliew area and there is not a single Higher Secondary School except one Private School.
The union invites and urges all office workers in West Khasi Hill to respect this arrangement of the union.
He said that the preparations from other Himas are in progress and it is expected that the Special and Fourth Dorbar Ri will be successful.
He took this decision after the MLA of the constituency, Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh, decided not to contest from the constituency.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: A book entitled “Swami Vivekananda and Shillong” was launched at the Shillong Press Club today. India arrived in Shillong in 1901 and settled in Laban.
The district authorities before they enact Section 144 should understand clearly that our intention is bad and causes trouble.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the issue has been brought up by the Ministry of Agriculture to assist the farmers in this time of crisis. this is the COVID-19 pandemic.
On the other hand, the union urged the relevant authorities to take action against the free entry of foreigners.
The night curfew in Shillong will be from 10 pm to 5 pm from 14.6.2018 until further notice.
Shillong, Nailur 12: Phiralin Nongbet, the winner of the Mrs Classic International 2019 held in Kolkata in November 2019, has now been selected to represent India at the Mrs TKS International" in Singapore.
The names of these 80 persons were also brought before the CEM and AO, but they did not listen.
To discuss and change the reservation policy.
It was with the support of Bah Robert Kharshiing, MP that the first Dorbar Ri was convened on 14 Jan
In his speech, the Deputy Chief Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh said that the government has done its utmost to find ways and means to improve the health facilities for the people of of the people of the state.
Chief Secretary Conrad Kongkal Sangma, Chief Secretary DP Wahlang, Director General of Police Dr LR Bishnoi, Deputy Commissioner RM Kurbah and others Other senior officers of the State Government on Tuesday visited the house of the Singhania family which burnt down on Saturday last month at Thana Road, Police Baar.
The I-League match on that day will be against Shillong Lajong FC. The match is expected to be attended by fans from all over the Khasi Hills. game.
Shillong, November 09: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya today issued a notice to extend the Regional Committees for another 45 days to submit their reports to the Government.
“We are very grateful to God that we are citizens of India.
Dr.Wann emphasized the specialized nature of OT nursing.
Therefore, in accordance with the provisions of Rule 3 of the Meghalaya Epidemic Disease Regulation, 2020 and all the amendments, the market has been temporarily closed until further notice. even.
Many of these are important things that this young man is willing to do if he reaches his goal.
In the Home Guards and Civil Defence, the tant has requested to introduce a new curriculum to be in line with the Police Department. “Therefore, they have requested and urged that the same should be done and the Police Department and the Cabinet has given their approval so that they can proceed with the implementation,” he said.
The meeting was also attended by the district administration as well as the police to discuss the emergence of various crimes especially drugs.
MeECL will set up points to collect light bills from the residents at the Dorbar Shnongs.
To curb the curfew, the District Administration has immediately imposed a curfew inside the two Police Stations, Lumdiengjri and Sardar PS. declare something else.
Shillong, Naitung 28: A team from the District Child Protection Unit and police today raided the Edenbari Resort to seize the clothes and documents of the children who have been rescued from the resort. .
At a meeting held at Iew Dielang, the district authorities explained that if the residents do not follow the rules, they will have to close again, follow the rules to avoid being banned.
The writings received by the Commission were only from the Government of Assam, District authorities and Police of Assam and from the people of Assam,” said the statement.
Shillong, November 28: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawprem Circle has decided to join hands with the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawprem Circle. The Manbha Foundation has launched a training program for school children in the area on the dangers of drugs.
Because the budget is now one and not like before where there was a plan and a Nan Plan.
The scheme was launched in 2020 and the objective is to provide specialized training to health workers.
Bah Rumnong said that the MTC authorities have not informed or invited them to talk to the MTC until tonight to receive after retirement or death while they are still in office shall not be accepted as a new census.
“We must ensure that there is no corruption and we must also ensure that we work in a transparent and honest manner.
Shillong, Nailar 17: Shillong Lajong Academy, India today beat Dongguan Machong FC China in the first leg of the BRICS U-12 International Youth Football Tournament. long at the Putian Sports Center in Putian, China.
Shillong, Naitung The JSU together with the headquarters of all the Circles and Units would like to extend their special greetings and best wishes to all the children of Jaintia Hills especially the children of the Seiñ Raij. They will complete their Behdiengkhlam festival in
The President of the HSPDP, Bah HS Lyngdoh, said that the party was formed on the basis of protecting the Khasi people and the people of Meghalaya. in the election but also to protect the Khasi people.
In the first phase of the demarcation discussion, the Regional Committee said that the area falls under Tarabari, there are nine villages in this area, and Garojan is at the seventh position. The Regional Committee does not want to be in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The residents and visitors of New Shillong have complained to the HANM that the lights have been turned off. you're the day.
The meeting lasted for three hours and the Chief Minister has invited the leaders of the political parties to meet again in Shillong on the 8th and 9th of July
In July, the DG Prison sent three letters on the same matter to the government to remove Champion from the jail. /2013, on 21/6/2013 and 25/6/2013 and the incident inside the jail happened on the 26th of July.
Their meeting with the CEO was that the party wants these villages to come back to Meghalaya.
On this occasion, Dawai Sboh was also distributed to all the participants.
NEIAH is located on 20 acres of land.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: Laban Bengalee Boys' Higher Secondary School (LBBS) has topped the top ten positions in the results of Class 12 in the Science Stream.
Speaking to media, Bah HS Shylla said that the MDA Government has invited the Seng Bhalang to the table to discuss the implementation of the MRSS Act. , 2016) on November 15, 2018, after the KHADC sent the KHAD Regulation, 2018 on March 31,
In the second part of the festival, a meeting was held which was conducted by the President of TSSS Manad, Bah IK Hari.
Prime Minister Duh said he remembers the time when the former Prime Minister came in a wheelchair to cast his vote in the Legislative Assembly and said this is an example. the good of responsibility for one's duty.
He said that there should also be District Activities, Physical Education and other subjects.
They were shocked by this incident as they did not know how this happened and how this vehicle came to this place.
New Delhi, November 29: People coming from China, Hong Kong, Japan, South Korea, Singapore and Thailand to India have to undergo RTPCR tests before leaving these countries.
He said that it would be an honor for the entire Jaintia Hills that the Mini Secretariat would be located at this place when all the government departments would be located at the same place where the people could carry out their duties. They are only in one place, the government is doing this in order to bring the work of the government closer to the people.
The Home Minister said that the North East free from floods and drugs is very important to the Government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Shillong, March 10: The Working President of the FKJGP, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, today announced that Bah Joe Marwein, President of the FKJGP, will join the UDP. internal working hours will soon end.
The celebration was conducted by the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'im PM Syiemlieh, in the presence of the Syiem of Nongstoin Hima, Pa'im Pherla Sing Syiem, and Shillong, Naitung 17: Policeman Ranbir Kum Singh was injured in a clash between policemen at the Reserved Police Station at 9.40 pm on Saturday night. He was sent to NEIGRIHMS for treatment.
Sources from the Baghmara Municipal Board said that the opening of the gates has been done since November 2013 to pay the employees of the BMB which has 120 employees.
She said that the department has directed all health centers to provide treatment to all those who have the disease in Garo Hills.
Many people from all over the country will attend the tournament, so to avoid traffic jam, no traffic will be allowed from 5 pm to 5 pm.
MH 04 GC 3376, which collided with it, near the Sericulture Office, Nongpoh, Ri-Bhoi district, at 7 pm this morning.
On the other hand, MCCEU President Shanlang Diengdoh said that the strike is ongoing and there has been no call for talks from the government.
When asked about the theft of lights, MeECL officials said that they have taken many measures to prevent the theft of lights and in many cases they have filed FIRs and police and arrested those who steal lights. They appealed to the people and especially the village authorities to help and cooperate with the MeECL authorities, in order to prevent the theft of lights.
In the Under 18 category, Damebansan Rymbai won the Best Athlete title while Shlichitra Malik won the Best Athlete category.
The hospital authorities have also informed that for those who have not yet been vaccinated, the test for the staff is that they will not receive anything but they have to pay a fee.
In his speech at the distribution of tablets, Cornad urged the students that time is the most important thing in human life and once time has passed it will never come back. All the government can do is to guide the youth to move forward.
“We regret the bloodshed in Manipur and pray that peace and stability will return to the state.
She said she stood on the cliff for 10 minutes.
West Garo Hills Police on receiving information that Bernard from Uttar Pradesh has been arrested, have sent police to the state to provide the necessary equipment to take him from the hands of the state police. Northern Territory.
On the other hand, the Union Minister said that he will look into this.
They were taken to Umsning CHC by 108 ambulance for treatment and later to Shillong. The incident happened at 3.300 pm.
The Governor said that the advice of the mother is something useful for the children in all aspects such as social life, employment and many others which will improve the quality of life. man man man.
Jowai, Nailar 18: BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh has said that the BJP will have to play again for the fourth or sixth place among the BRICS countries on the 21st of this month. Welcomed and introduced Bah Balios Swer, President Jaintia Coal Miners and Dealers Association along with about 200 members.
On the other hand, Deka encouraged the BJP leaders in the state that the party will not hesitate to raise the issues of the people of the state in Parliament.
In his speech, Bah Teinwell Dkhar said that the issue of no confidence in the EC is because there is no majority in the EC of Bah Latiplang Kharkongor. Speaking in the House, Bah Roni V Lyngdoh, while speaking in the House, said that if the AR is not passed, the Budget Session will have been held on the 17th of this month. I don't have this meeting today.
He said that besides him as a doctor, there are also three other staff, who provide medicines and two nurses, who are at the hospital and the number of medicines has increased from one day to another. another.
In his speech, the Sirdar of the Elaka said that the purpose of the festival is to attract more tourists to the area where there are two Diengjri Bridges.
Others who were present on the occasion were Bah Embhah Syiemlieh MLA and MDC, Bah WS Challam, District School and Education Officer, East Khasi Hills, Rev. ES Pyngrope and parents of the students.
The District authorities have sent relief goods to the people affected by this tragic incident and the District authorities have conducted an inspection to confirm the loss of life. of Nature.
According to a report from the Department of Agriculture and Horticulture, they have conducted many awareness programs to raise awareness among the farmers on the government's goal to change the farming methods and use of chemical fertilizers. The Officers of the Department said that in this regard, many farmers have begun to understand this issue and urged the State Government through the MSPB to think how to While the Ministry of Agriculture does not provide any more fertilizers, these types of fertilizers are still available in the market shops where many farmers are still using them which is very harmful to the health of the farmers. in the entire state.
On the other hand, the AAP said that Maxi Cabs and Wingers operate in Shillong and the damaged vehicles are in the parking lot opposite the State Bank near Nan Polok. The answer they received in the RTI was that these vehicles do not exist.
The government should not push and they don't have the right to rule in this land of Hynniewtrep and the government should not recognize the headman or Rangbah Shnong whom they appoint because the Rangbah Shnong should be a Khasi because that the Dorbar Khasi is the Dorbar of God and we don't want these foreigners to destroy the clean and fair rule of law in this country.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today demanded that the state government should release the scholarship fee for the year 2021-22 before the 9th of this month. November 10,2022.
Police said that recently a video of a child was posted on a private Facebook account and gave contrary comments and this affected the victims and also the victims. parents of that family.
The union strongly condemns the failure of the district authorities and police to deal with drugs even if they are informed in time.
Other speakers at the meeting were Vincent Pala MP, GS Massar, Chairman of the Sein Jaintia Trust, Minister of Sports Zenith M Sangma, Paul Lyngdoh, AL Hek, David Nongrum MLA Shillong. November 14: Thirteen out of 19 Congress MDCs in the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) have spoken before MPCC President Dr DD Lapang at his residence. The MPCC has invited Ma Thombor Shiwat to become the Leader of the Parliamentary Party and Chief Executive Member of the JHADC. The JHADC has elected a new leader of the Congress Parliamentary Party in the JHADC.
General MM Naravane on behalf of the Army expressed its deep sorrow over the tragic passing away of General Bipin Rawat and his wife Madhulika Rawat.
Shillong, Nailar 23: It is necessary to draw from the village languages ​​from all over the region and villages in order to enrich the Khasi language and to unite all the languages ​​into one central language.
John said that people should understand that this is not the era of the 17th or 18th century. this is not available to the public.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District has directed the JNV Samiti Shillong to lodge a complaint against the teacher under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses Act. Act (POCSO), 2012.
The water supply through the PHE has been very low on Tuesday and on Saturday for the past two days. Shillong: There is a shortage of water in one of the villages in Shillong.
The Vice Principal Aida C War gave a welcome speech and explanation on the Students Service Centre.
The Kali Bolbering Competition was organized by the Kharang Sports and Social Welfare Club. The competition is also to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya. and this was supported by the Sports Department of the State Government.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Klip said that after the defeat of the MDP in the last election, it has put them in a dilemma how to do and where to go. .
HNYF Mairang Sub Division Circle celebrated the 184th Death Anniversary of Syiem Tirot Singh Syiem by holding the 4th Marathon for Tirot Singh Syiem 2019 at 7:00 Am Mairang Together with the Kingdom of Forest.
Bah Warjri said that Meghalaya needs a proper education system for the youth of the state and he said that it is immediately according to the theme of the Kpait-saiñ-kam Shityllup- The National Education Policy of India.
The government's intention to implement this Act will not prevent the entry of mynder but will harass and exploit the residents of the state especially in the urban areas and will attract more foreigners to invade the country. Your country.
The myth that oils in India are cheap is based on a very wrong perception.
However, on this issue, it is encouraging to know that there are many posts which have been vacant for many years especially in Ri Bhoi District.
Earlier, Asian Games 2018 champion Amit Panghal of Services won the flyweight 48-51kg category against Md Aarif of Jammu and Kashmir.
Shillong, Naitung 07: Twenty-two new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong today, 1 from East Garo Hills, 13 from East Khasi Hills, 2 from Ri Bhoi, 5 from West Garo Hills and 5 from West Garo Hills. West Jaintia Hills 1, 99 cases have been confirmed.
At this meeting, it was explained that the government has been able to manage the transportation of food items, the distribution of food items as relief measures and others that the government has taken during this period since the discovery of COVID-1 the first in the state.
The District Authority has issued the following announcements from tomorrow morning, the curfew will start at 9.00 pm and end at 5 pm. District, at that time shall not be allowed to pass.
It is on this basis that they have decided to look at the history of the Khasi Hills and at the same time to look at the current situation, the number of people who exist today. according to the number of communities to look after the welfare of the people in their daily lives.
At the same time, he said that the people of Assam and Meghalaya have a long-standing relationship and the goal of protecting the environment should be the priority. The Chief Minister of Assam and Meghalaya has said that something should be done to stop the erosion of hills in parts of Meghalaya due to the floods in Guwahati that there is a decline in the mountains on the border of Meghalaya.
He said he was happy.
Therefore, there was a strong demand from the people and after that a resolution was passed that there should be no ILP in Meghalaya and we requested the Government of India but the Government of India did not respond. I don't know,” Sangma said.
East Jaintia Hills District Police have received a tip that Maya Gwala, 29, also known as Pushki, has sent two of her men from Emersoan Ghat Polo to Silchar. Uddin, 26, and Dipak Baidya, 21, were arrested for smuggling drugs from Silchar to Shillong.
In the incident, Desment Salahe and her brother Nes Salahe were killed while Riba Salahe was injured.
The scheme focuses on small businesses that contribute to the economy of India.
He was a good, honest and friendly man who loved his subject until the day of his death. He still holds the post of Head of the Department of Clinical Pharmacology and Professor Senior Scale and he is also the first Khasi to hold this rank in JIPMER. He has been the leader of many MD, PHDs and DM students and he is also a man. who likes to find out more about everything.
Speaking at the meeting, the Prime Minister said that today's Summit can be held around the world but the impact and insights are local.
This year the Seng Khasi Kmie celebrates its 122nd anniversary since its foundation on the 23rd of November,
New Delhi, July 25: The President of India, in his address to the nation on the eve of the Republic Day celebrations, has strongly condemned corruption. like a disease in the public sphere.
J.Paul Lyngdoh, GS of the Union, has lodged an FIR against the CEM of JHADC. In a statement sent by Bah Neal J. Rymbai Cultural Secretary of the party “We strongly condemn this failure of the administration of West Jaintia Hills”.
He congratulated the MDC of Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Balajied Ranee for bringing up the issue of Shaw Bhoi for finally being included in the Amendment Bill passed on Thursday.
The HYC believes that perhaps this person wants to understand the voice of the youth and members of the Jaid bynriew and then tries to ignore what she has already written.
Speaking on the budget, Bah Gigur Myrthong Deputy CEM in charge of the Council said that he congratulated all the Members of the House who took part in the budget. Out of the 15 people who nominated but 11 people did not take part.
Many of the residents who pass by this road wanted the four MLAs from the UDP party who are in the government to talk to the government to order the contractor to expedite the work.
The party asks what is in the middle that prompts these political parties to talk about railway.
“There are many criticisms on the road to reach the goal but we should not turn away from such criticisms because the Seng has a foundation not to ignore or ignore the challenges that arise in the middle of the road.
In a letter sent to the Chief Minister through the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, they said that the bus fare used to be T.350/- per month but now it has been increased to T. /- Sumo fare which used to be T.450/- has been increased to T.600/- tyngka.
The contest was between Ramnath Kovind of the NDA and Meira Kumar of the Congress.
The Minister said the government has allocated T.35,810 crore for this five-year plan and T.2500 crore for RAY.
Therefore, the RTI which is a means of seeking information about one's rights, the police also understand that Ma Madonbai Rymbai has misused the money of the public and have registered a case. The people should not misunderstand that this allegation by the CEM of JHADC of misuse of the people's money is just an allegation.
The first condition was that any village with 2000 inhabitants should have one ration distribution centre.
“I hope that this tournament will help to develop the sports skills of the children.
We would also like to ask where Gopal Dey was at the time of the murder of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta.
Tura, July 30: The Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA) in collaboration with the East Garo Hills District Basin Unit will hold a sohphan festival on the 11th and 12th of November. through the Meghalaya Integrated Basin Development and Livelihood Promotion Program (MIBDLP).
An officer of Umiam Police Station has been sent to investigate the incident and the SST team has been informed of the incident.
To prevent the spread of African Swine Flu in the state, in accordance with the powers conferred under Sections 6 and 20 of the Prevention and Control of Infectious Diseases in Animals Act, The Governor of Meghalaya has declared 19 villages as African Swine Flu hotspots.
The Chief Minister of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Thwelson Manik Syiem, on Tuesday said that the Hima Dorbar strongly opposes the proposal of the KHADC under the leadership of Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit as CEM to amend the Law Adong. Mylliem Hima Forest at Mawpat, Shillong without the consent of all the Bakhraw Batri, Basan, Ministers of the Hima Dorbar.
This has been seen in liquor shops, violation of social distancing has also been seen in government offices. This has hampered the government's efforts to curb the spread of the disease. the COVID-19 pandemic.
The march was led by the sons of Bah Dismarlin.
Shillong, Lber 18: Yuva Utsav and Panch Pran together with India@2047 held a one-day celebration in East Khasi Hills, Meghalaya organized by the Nehru Yuva Kendra, Shillong. of the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports.
The Hima expresses its gratitude to the KHADC for requesting writings from the Hima from time to time for approval and its gratitude is especially to the High Court for authorizing the Hima to take the The Hima has been given the opportunity to set the rules for who can apply for a Trading License.
