Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The meeting scheduled to be held on the 11th of this month to discuss the Inner Line Permit has been postponed. .
At the same time, the SDO urged the people to use this bank by taking loans from it to improve their income and at the same time to Save a little of their money for your own benefit in the days to come.
On this occasion, the villagers expressed their gratitude to the BSF troops who have helped from time to time in many ways to the people of the area.
The Chief Minister said that it is on this basis that the government and the Governor have written to the Central Government to request for a higher education institution for agriculture in the state.
This shows the confidence among the students across the country who want to take part in this special program and talk to Myntri Rangbah Duh.
Finally, we must have a spirit of love for each other as brothers and sisters so that our nation can grow in all aspects.
Speaking to reporters, Pyniaid CEM of KHADC said that the purpose of the inspection was to prepare for the Monolith Festival and the purpose of holding this festival again is to showcase to the world. the richness of culture as a nation.
Only those who see it understand how much trouble it is for them,” said Bah Nongrum.
The Prime Minister expressed his gratitude to all for their cooperation at this time, the government has taken many measures to fight against this unexpected crisis.
He said that after receiving the ticket, the public will be informed as they understand the anxiety of the people who are waiting to know when the body of the Archbishop will arrive in Shillong.
He said that the Minister said that at present the department does not have any budget and promised to take action on this and through receiving the budget and also to send this request to the District Medical Office. Health Officer (DMHO).
He said that infants, children and poor mothers need special care.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The Khadsawphra College, Mairang, which has been established recently in recent years, has honored the students who have completed the Higher Secondary School Living Certificate.
If the EE PWD (Road) Shangpung Division, Bah D.Tariang, cannot respond to the RTI within three days, he will lodge a complaint with the State Information Officer because the EE has violated the RTI Act .
It was also reported in the House that out of T.111 crore, the government has released T.77.51 crore to the three District Councils.
The death toll from South Garo Hills District has risen to 1606, with 95458 testing positive and 95458 recoveries. 93180 people.
The vaccination coverage of children in Nongmensong is only 57 percent and this health center in Nongmensong is known as the Wellness Center which also looks after the prevention of infectious diseases.
The government takes electricity from NEPCO, NTPC and OTPC. The Minister said that the electricity generation during the rainy season is only about 160 to 170 Megawatt, while during the rainy season it produces about 25% of the capacity.
He said that the Champion of the Champion prize for the men is T.25,000, while for the women the prize is T.20,0 different.
Answering a question by Titosstarwell Chyne, Deputy CEM in charge of the Elaka Department, Bah PN Syiem, said that the EC has decided to hold the election for the Wahadadarship in Shella Confederation. The election will be held within six months.
Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh in his speech expressed his gratitude to God for giving us these beautiful mountainous countries, the land of milk and fish for our people.
Members of the union entered the forest and arrested three mynder ri who were stealing kwai trees and body trees which they intended to smuggle through the rivers flowing to Bangladesh.
Regarding the amendment to Ad Rules 128(1), Passah said that since 2016, KHNAM has pointed out the shortcomings of 128(1). 1) AD Rules which explains who are eligible to vote in District Council elections, he said that these AD rules allow non-Khasis to vote and this kills the the purpose and basis of the Sixth Scheduled.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The mother of Prinyanka Deb, 25, wife of Papu Paul, who lives in Lumkartic, Harishaba, Laban, has gone missing. of the 5th of this month.
After the House rejected the Bridge of Privilege, the Speaker of the House read that according to the Rule of Procedure No. 314 of the House, the decision of the Speaker of the House is a decision. end.
Praise also goes to the Assam Police for being quick to remove the brokers from the airport.
While the Garo Hills have strengthened and intensified their demand for a Garo state, this government has already trapped the areas bordering the Garo Hills.
Mr. Kenneth Juster, in the presence of US Consul General Patti Hoffman from Kolkata, in the presence of other US officials, Bah John F Kharshiing, briefed the US Ambassador on the issues faced by the Federation of Khasi. States and the Dorbar of Chiefs of Meghalaya met.
The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has been in love with the sport for a long time and has turned 100 years old.
He said that East Jaintia Hills District is the route of drug traffickers according to the media arrests of drug traffickers from time to time. “In East Jaintia Hills District, which the National Highway passes through to other states of the country, we see that the seizure of drugs is high.
Pomlakrai AEC and VECs agree to take action on MHIS-III after Bah John Kharshiing found that in Pomlakrai – Mylliem only 3.58% percent of households registered under MHIS-II in Mylliem Block 23.29% percent while Mawphlang Block registered for MHIS-II (2015-2016) 57.35% percentThe Meghalaya State Planning Board, Working Group-III, under the invitation of Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Govt of Meghalaya: A meeting was held with the six Village Employment Councils (VECs) under the Pomlakrai AEC, including Mawbynna VEC, Pdeng Shnong VEC, Rngi Shillong VEC, Liewlong VEC, Umiew VEC and Mawtharia. The meeting was held at the AEC Building at Liewlong, Pomlakrai, Mylliem Syiemship. The meeting was attended by Bah PT Passah, Block Development Officer, officers from Mylliem C&RD Block, together with the Chairman, Rangbah Shnong, office bearers of these seven villages.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, who is the head of the NPP party, said that he hopes that the people will give a glorious victory to the party so that it can rule in the GHADC. He said that even during the election campaigns, people have come out to listen to what they say and there is hope that the NPP party will win a majority to get the rule in GHADC. Shillong, Iaiong 11: The Khasi Seng Kmie has violated the rules and regulations laid down by the government regarding the holding of the annual “Shad Suk Mynsiem” at Weiking Square to pay tribute to the founder. .
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that after two years, they have been able to celebrate the puja again. COVID-19.
Shillong, Nailar 18: U Process T Sawkmie MLA of Mawlai on Tuesday said that he did not attend the meeting with the Chief Minister today along with the group of Rangbah Shnongs. The MTD agreed not to take part in the Peace Committee until the government has submitted its demand.
There is something behind this intention of the government and the party wants to ask how they cannot only guard the border areas of Bangladesh but they are fighting to enter the central areas and areas where there is peace. .
The kidnappers demanded Rs 5 lakh to release him from their hands. After his arrest, police conducted an investigation and recovered a box of soap from the taxi number ML- 11-7172 and admitted by the police on personal testimony.
It is learned that on the 13th of this month at Umwali village under Langpih, the party strongly condemned those Nepalis who attacked her and her friends. They shoot women and men. This shows their wickedness.
The construction of the map was funded by the HYC Mawlai Circle.
The E-Service Officer of the IT Department, Bah Joshuwa Lyngdoh said that the purpose of this scheme is to provide training to the residents especially those living in the rural areas. Through this scheme, it will also help the residents to learn how to use computers according to the latest technology.
The Customs Department also said that it has conducted awareness campaigns and destruction of seized drugs to further demonstrate its commitment to fight against drug use and trafficking.
Prior to this, there was also a case of misappropriation of public funds amounting to Rs 4.79 crore.
Under Article 244 A of the Constitution of India, it is clear that the administration of khaddar in the areas of the tribals shall be in accordance with the customs and traditions of the tribals. “It is against the history, the Constitution of the country and our customs and traditions,” said Bah Pynshngianlang.
Government departments have conducted this program and he said that this program is perfect for the residents to discuss with government employees on their schemes and programs and also allows farmers and Local Trade Unions to promote and sell their products.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: MPCC President DD Lapang today inaugurated the birth anniversary celebrations of the late Prime Minister of India Indira Gandhi at Congress Bhavan. The centenary of Indira's birth anniversary will be celebrated throughout the year.
Secondson Sangma scored 59 runs and Sengnal Sangma scored 60 runs.
Their lives are devoid of any security and they can be fired whenever the employers want.
All three of them died today along with other illnesses due to respiratory failure.
“When natural resources are around us, we must protect them, revive them as they used to be.
According to reports, the student was suspected to have committed suicide inside the women's hostel. At 2:00 pm, there was a noise of dogs. but the body was found lying on the ground.
The Chief Minister also spoke to the students of SLS Memorial School, Myurbhanj, Odisha in the presence of the Chief Minister of Odisha, Navin Patnaik.
Bah Rangphlang Khongwet, Independent Candidate from Sohra Constituency, said that the main purpose of his participation in the tournament is to preserve the environment and also the customs and traditions of the Khasi people. to disappear as provided for in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The Director said that one more person has died of the disease in East Khasi Hills District today, bringing the total number of deaths to
When asked whether there were any people who demanded that a woman should be the Rangbahshnong or that a woman should be in charge of the village.
He inaugurated the new campus of IIM Shillong at Umsawli.
He also made public a link to a WIPO post that said patent applications by Indians grew by 31.6% in 2022, continuing an 11-year unprecedented growth spurt among the 10 countries ranked high in this industry.
To be able to use this money, the government needs to increase its salary and now they have to support MeECL. The government has allocated T.400 crore to MeECL to support it. I don't have anything to do with MeECL but I don't have the money.
Shillong, July 8: There have been 773 recoveries from COVID-19 in the state today, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to
The ITC department plans to set up an E-Learning Center for 25 students for the online JEE and NEET examinations.
COMSO urges the members of various political parties within the CoMSO and also the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep to join hands with the Students Square to show that we as the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep are against the CAA and we demand that the Government of India should recognize the ILP in Meghalaya.
Shillong, June 01: U Shatana Mukherjee, Deputy General Manager, Bank of Baroda, today announced that three banks, Baroda, Vijay and Dena Bank, have been established. Baroda Bank has been closed since today.
On the other hand, the Head of Government said that any jobs that can be done by children are in other jobs and not in the jobs mentioned in the law.
The State Government will have to take responsibility if the children and students of the State fail in their examinations, just because of the lack of light to prepare papers at night.
The Union Finance Minister said that the government will not stand idly by in this regard and will work hard to bring back the illegal money of the country which has been hidden abroad. At the same time, he urged the officers to ensure that the illegal money inside the country should also be counted.
Other leaders who spoke on the occasion were James K Sangma, Spokesperson of the NPP and many other leaders of the party. Shillong, Naiwieng 10: U Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad today visited the Umkhakoi Lake at Mawlyngbna village under Mawsynram Hima.
It is understood that those who own plastic bags which are against the provisions of the law, if found, will be punished according to the provisions of the law. you District.
Shillong, July 14: The Awaken India Movement today announced that it will hold a meeting at Motphran on the 22nd of this month to discuss the issue of Tika, said Bah Banshailang Marbaniang, Chairman of the party. .
According to this scheme, people can get assistance through this insurance to pay for their hospital expenses up to T.90000 tyngka and if the conditions are more severe it will be up to T.160 lakh tyngka. .
Actors and those involved in the production of these films will participate in these screenings at IFFI to market these films.
On 12/01/2021 all employees will take leave and on the same day they will go to the Secretariat on 18/01/2021 to hold a strike against working and on 22/01/2 there is a blackout in the whole state.
The two girls were identified as Shabakmenlang Wanniang, 16, and Aishabankmen Thongni,
Other speakers on the occasion were Bah Jambor War EM in charge of Markets. In his speech, he said that this action of the KHADC and the Hima Mylliem is not new but it is in accordance with the provisions of the law.
Two deaths have been reported today, one from Ri Bhoi and one from West Khasi Hills. 1407 cases so far.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong today on behalf of the Government congratulated all those working in the fight against COVID-19 from the youngest to the oldest. Deputy Commissioner of the District.
Shillong, June 08: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) led by Bah Gershome Hat Vice President, Ashok Khongsit Finance Secretary and other members on Tuesday met with the Symbud Prime Minister of Meghalaya. Prestone Tynsong at his office.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has confirmed a new unit for the Jaguli examination. KSU Photography Unit.
On the other hand, the MLA said that he should take responsibility to provide roads as soon as possible in those villages which do not have roads like Mawjai, Nongummer, Nongrynniang and Umsaw.
Shillong, Lber 02: SSA teachers today accepted the government's decision to pay their salaries for two months this month and the remaining three months will be paid immediately by the central government.
This was announced by Dr. Kharmuti to the members of FKJGP today when the family members of the mother went to the government hospital to give birth. ban shupuid.
The construction of the school was funded by the Special Purpose Vehicle Society (SPVS), which has been set up by a special committee to look after development schemes in the surrounding villages. Lafarge-Umiam Mining Pvt.
Shillong, November 10: As part of the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights promulgated on 10th November The Meghalaya Peoples Human Rights Council (MPHRC) says that this Declaration empowers everyone to Everyone shall have the right to freedom of movement and residence within the borders of each State.
After this, they went to Zong-Hi-l, the place of production.
Database – Swarzina Swargiary; Cloud computing and Python- Sabyasachi Paul Purkayastha.
Byrnihat, Naitung 10: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today inspected the land allocated to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Ratna Thapa Gogoi is born in Baridua, Ri Bhoi District.
On the other hand, the HSPDP, Nongkrem Constituency has alleged that this is an act of authority by the party from the central body in which they have decided to give tickets without consulting the party within the constituency. .
Shillong, March 07: The Meghalaya Schools Welfare Development Association (MSWDA-CB) will hold a public meeting tomorrow at the Khasi National Durbar Hall, Mawkhar, starting at 11.30 am.
The Minister and other dignitaries also launched the Jadui Pitara for pre-schoolers.
The ISSF World Cup Rifle and Pistol will be held in Bhopal from today and will end on the 27th of this month. who won Olympic and world medals.
“We expect it to be completed soon so that it will be a beauty for the village and for those who walk and stand from this place,” said the Asst Rangbah Shnong.
"Other states like Maharashtra are struggling to employ the villagers after the workers have returned to their states but what our government has done is to have a policy to protect only the villagers. villages who know that they can know their movements but they release freely and open the way for workers to come from abroad whose movements they cannot know.
During the meeting, Rijiju said the letter for the signing of the Peace Agreement is being prepared by the Central Government and the Central Government has taken action to ensure that the peace agreement is signed by the Central Government. Peace in the area should come soon.
When inquired by SP News Agency, the Principal Chief Conservator of Forest (PCCF) CP Marak said that the forest department officials in charge of wildlife have been working hard to improve the quality of life in the area. From Tura, they will leave for the village this morning to find out the truth. At present, it is not clear whether this is true or false.
The Minister congratulated the groups of regional committees and the chairman who have worked hard to accomplish this task by visiting the villages and this is the first step that the government has been able to take. go ahead.
When the SP News Agency visited the road, it was found that the complaint of the residents of the area is true. Mynkry area does not have a dewbilat factory.
In his speech, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh President of the party said that the party would like to remember all the freedom fighters of the country on this day and urged that this spirit should be in all. how to work for the country.
Prime Minister Duh also gave responsibility to the youth of the country.
Through RTI received from KHADC on 02th June 2019, it was learned that from 2017 to 2019 KHADC has issued new licenses to 410 foreigners in East Khasi Hills District and 164 in Ri. -Bhoi District, the documents of all these candidates are being studied to see whether the licenses have been issued after checking and complying with all the rules mentioned in sectoin 3A of “The United Khasi jaintia Hills District (Trading By Non-tribals) Regulation, 1954".
At this meeting, it was decided that from tomorrow morning government offices will be closed until 4.30 pm.
Shillong, July 02: Meghalaya Taekondo athletes have won gold, silver and bronze medals at the Taekwondo 2017 held in Kolkata. .
Shillong, March 04: The Vice President of India today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the 64.21 km Shillong-Tamabil 4-lane road from Umsherpi to Pomlum. The border between Bangladesh and India is 1.5 km long, while the border between Pomlum and Dawki is 2 lanes.
At that time, no one could have believed that democracy in this country would last, but all these statements have now come true because India, despite the diversity of ethnic groups, has stood firm in Many of the problems she faced were from outside or even from within.
Regarding the incident in Uttarakhand, the Meghalaya government has sent people to help the state.
On the part of Meghalaya, he will be accompanied by the Chief Secretary of the State and the Additional Chief Secretary of the Ministry of Home Affairs and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
The tournament will be held from 26th to 31st March, 2023 at Mawlein Mawkhan Stadium in Ribhoi District.
Hek's remarks came a day after the KHNAM urged the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to seek clarification from two BJP MLAs. Sanbor Shullai (who was EM in-charge Trade in 2007) and Bah AL Hek, on the authority to appoint a non-Khasi Rangbah Shnong and authorize the inhabitants of RR Colony to run the you are the ruler of the land.
He said that in the last dorbar, he spoke on the Civil Sub Division, but at that time he spoke in general, not for Mawlai, because it is too early to speak on the Civil Sub Division. this is the field.
When inquired by the Deputy Commissioner regarding the opening of shops in Shillong, the DC said that the shops will be closed and open on Monday morning. Tuesday through Saturday.
The union also suggested that awareness programs should be launched in all schools in the district every morning before school.
To our people who go for work and what the Constitution of India allows, not to insult, confuse anyone.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle (KSU) has congratulated the Sub Divisional Officer (Civil), Amlarem Sub Division for taking the initiative to publish the prices of beverages and beverages in the Sub Division. shops will not be able to sell as much as they want or take advantage especially at the present time.
The Border Road Organization (BROO) has come forward to help repair the collapsed road from Ishyrwat to Kumkhiem together with the residents of the area.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister said that today's meeting was memorable because the ban on coal mining by the NGT has affected the income of the people of the state especially the people of in East Jaintia Hills District.
The MoU was signed by the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Dr BDR Tiwari and the Director of School Education and Literacy Swapnil Tembe. Those who have reached the age of 18 must obtain an EPIC to be elected to Parliament.
Goyal assured that the suggestions of the members would be looked into and taken into consideration.
Shillong, March 30: Employees of the Food Corporation of India (FCI) today staged a nationwide strike to demand that the government it should provide for the needs of those who have been demanding for a long time.
In consultation with various High Courts.
He spoke about Bulk Drug Parks, Medical Device Parks, more than Rs 30,000 crore in PLI schemes and said that in the past years there has been an increase of 12-14 per cent in medical supplies. .
He said that besides having monuments, such a place but the shortcoming is in preserving the customs and traditions of the people in the form of writing.
Shillong, November 09: The Thma-U-Rangli-Juki (TUR) today held a rally at Police Bazar to protest against the introduction of the Meghalaya Preventive Detention Act. MPDA) and  Meghalaya Maintenance of Public Order Act (MMPO).
The emptiness among the Hindus, the emptiness between the BJP and those people who should do their duty has become farther and farther.
The festival will run from the 20th to the 25th of this month.
In his welcoming speech, Bah PN Syiem CEM of KHADC said that as the leader of the PDF, he has found it difficult to decide whom to nominate as a member of the PDF. Bah LG Nongsiej was elected as the Chairman of the KHADC.
If you have any questions, please call 6033164273 or send us an email.
On the other hand, the doctors and staff of the health department have worked hard to be vigilant in the fight against COVID-1
The Dorbar urges the KHADC authorities to invite the Hima to submit their comments on the draft VA Bill 2013 which was introduced yesterday.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that these 440 houses are from 15 villages in the country. In the Umsning area, it is expected that the number of cases will increase as the count has not yet been received.
In this regard, the HNLC feels that the supreme authority is the most important thing for the Jaidbynriew to survive.
When SP News Agency visited some of these places where there are no examination centres, it was seen that the parents are waiting outside the schools where there are examination centers and they hope that there will be no examination centres. any failure during this examination.
Shillong, Lber 03: In a statement, the Political Secretary of the GNLA, Bikdot Marak, today said that the GNLA has its own views and on this basis they demand that they should get I'm from Garoland.
The swearing-in ceremony will be held at 10.00 pm at the Legislative Assembly in Rilbong. The swearing-in ceremony will be conducted by the Preterm Speaker, according to a statement issued by the Commissioner Secretary of the Legislative Assembly. The state is ready today.
The report said that the government has not paid the license for nine weight bridges worth T.9.49 crore, while five weight bridges in Majai have not been renewed. The license expired on 27th March 2021, the holder of this license has been suspended from payment since November 2019 and up to nine payments have been suspended.
For Meghalaya, out of this 50 percent, 44% has been allocated for Indigenous Peoples, 5% for OBCs and 1% for SCs. It was found that the departments of the central government, such as NEHU, NEIGRIHMS, Post Offices and others do not follow this directive from the central government.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The hijacking of an Indian plane from Khatmandu to Kandhar in 1999 by Channel 9x today has surprised everyone that the whole plan was carried out. in Shillong on the complaint of Uma Shankar Mishara.
The Planning Advisor, Bah CH Kharshiing explained about the number of staff in the NEC and said that as the posts in the Secretariat are sanctioned for up to 40 years according to the needs at any time, there are many. posts that have been sanctioned only where there is no way to improve.
Therefore, through this announcement, KAS requests all the writers who are members of the KAS to attend this Dorbar, including the members who are in various branches in the Bri u Hynniewtrep. .
Those who need medical treatment will have to go to Mawkyrwat CHC for medical treatment.
Regarding this, the residents of the District have requested to send back E.Kharmalki as the full DC of EJHD, and if the Government has any intention to send another DC in EJHD, we In fact, we 7 parties after receiving information that the Prime Minister, the State will open the SHG Mela in EJHD on the 8th of this month. /12/21 we have held an emergency meeting and they have decided to hold a protest on that day in EJHD. former EJHD, but sad to learn that after a few days they have received information that the Chief Minister of the State has fulfilled his intention to open the SHG Mela in EJHD. Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has decided to suspend the protest within the EJHD, said Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh President of the EJHC-CEC. There are 19 positive cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 17 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 294 cases in West Garo Hills.
Contact number: 2225289/
Regarding these demands, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare informed the KSU leaders that the government will continue to try to create more jobs to provide staff at the hospital. The old X-Ray Machine will be replaced by a new one.
The total number of voters in the two constituencies of 1-Shillong and 2-Tura is 1892616 while in the 2014 MP election there were 1565820 voters.
The reason why they do this is because there is a law that says that those who come here must have these necessities without going to be riewkhlaw.
Therefore, if we think about all the aspects, Mawlai deserves to get a Civil Sub-Dvision.
At the same time, he questioned how the Forest Department has not been willing to arrest the illegal foreigners in Mahadev Khola after the Khasi Students Union (KSU) recently lodged a complaint with the Forest Department.
He announced that the Football Mission will be launched in the coming months and encouraged the communities to set up clubs in different parts of the state for the purpose of making Meghalaya If India is to qualify for the World Cup, Meghalaya must produce players.
Shillong, November 18: The employees of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) today continued their strike to demand their salaries which have been suspended for 32 months.
The HYC has found that there is no suitable place in Shillong to hold public meetings or protests. Many places such as Motphran and Khyndai Lad affect the movement of the people.
“This is only the beginning of the protest and if the NIOS does not implement our demands, we will continue with other protest programs which we will announce on the day of the end of the gate dharna,” he said. let H.M. Marbaniang.
Regarding the Digital First initiative, Minister Duh recalled that some people had asked whether the poor would understand the meaning of digital and their authority was doubted.
“I have lodged a petition not for my own protection but for 69 other members of the Dorbar Shnong who have been evicted and who are permanent residents of Shella Village to escape from this. “The rule of the village leaders,” said Bah Ksanlah while talking to media on Friday.
In his speech, the DG, BGB of Bangladesh said that in Bangladesh the BSF troops are remembered because this battle is the struggle for the independence of Bangladesh.
This scheme provides assistance of up to T.1.6 lakh and the payment is only for T.
Shillong, Naitung 13: Speaking at the inauguration ceremony of the two footbridges on the Daru and Rajarongchu rivers in Ampati, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that it is difficult to complete. These two bridges have been completed within the stipulated time but the Border Development Department has not been able to do this work.
Shillong, Lber 02: The CSWO has expressed its strong opposition to the construction of the Mawphu HE Project as it will displace many of the residents of Thiedieng.
However, the number of coronavirus cases in these countries has now reached 25 percent or 40 percent higher than the number of cases in India.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills has directed the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills to complete the investigation within 15 days from the date of issuance of the order.
Tura, July 30: Police in West Garo Hills on Saturday night arrested a vehicle which was driving in a manner that could not be seen with other vehicles. The vehicle was arrested by the police at Kherapara.
There is an urgent need to resolve their demands because if the protest continues for a long time, the people will suffer because the people need 108 ambulances to help the people.
Traditional skills were performed through dance and song in the cultural programme.
After the HYC has raised the iong flag at the gate of the house of Roshan Warjri , they went around the center and streets of Shillong to raise the flag with the inscriptions of these flags The HYC has demanded that the government should implement the ILP in the state.
In conclusion, various Sordars who spoke encouraged and suggested that the time has come to bring the Instrument of Accession and the Annexed Agreement, 17 August 1948, to the House. The highest court known as the Supreme Court to clarify the relationship between the Hima Khasi States and the Government of India.
Do you think, why do you rep like that?
Regarding the petition submitted to the Central Government, the union is currently awaiting a reply from the Prime Minister's Office. they gave it to the Prime Minister of the country.
All the Deputy Commissioners have been directed to collect an estimate of the damage caused by the protest and once examined and if it is true that the damage was caused by the protesters, those who called for the protest will be punished. to pay the expense.
The Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution is the Constitution of the country which governs the lands of the tribals in the North East. of India.
Prestone said that from Monday, Shillong and Mylliem Block have been asked to start works such as buildings, light shops and paint shops.
Shillong, July 04: The CSWO in a statement today said that on the 1st of this month, a 17-year-old girl was raped by robbers in Mawryngkneng village. of East Khasi Hills District.
To date, up to 1 lakh 50 thousand rupees has been allocated from donations from friends.
Referring to the NPP, he said that as it is now, there is no information to say whether there are those who have joined the NPP to the AITC, but after the elections, it cannot be said. If the AITC members join the NPP, they will see that it is the time of the elections.
It was also found that these two training centers have turned into camps for criminals and this will pose a serious threat to the people who pass nearby.
Shillong, July 03: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA of 17-North Shillong, this evening addressed the people of Mawkhar to urge them to be patient and wait for the outcome of the talks. and the government will be tomorrow.
AKHAF said that if the committee decides to change the recruitment policy in the state, it should take 20% of the total allocation. Increase the share of Khasi-Jaintia to 48% and the remaining 12% should be allocated to the majority.
At this public meeting, the Chief Minister acknowledged that the roads maintained by the State Highway are better than those of the National Highway.
In the complaint, it was said that he signed the pathok papers in the name of a woman known as Sivia Nongrum.
The five MLAs who resigned today handed over their resignation letter to the Commissioner and Secretary of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Andrew Simon. There is no state legislature.
Ransom said his goal in contesting the election is to serve the people of the area by promoting development projects especially for the youth of the constituency as a whole.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has urged the public to come forward to get vaccinated to prevent the spread of COVID-19 positive in the state. fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
On the other hand, Kong Agnes Kharshiing and Poonam Yadav strongly condemned the incident and said that this act of hostility is just a brutal act that violates human rights without respecting even the decision of the Hon'ble Court. .
During the inspection, the Wahthapbroo Village Authority pointed out the problem related to the water pipes coming from the market which the PWD has not completed for nearly two years. water from the water pipes will not flow into the road and the fence should not be abandoned.
Justice Soumitra Saikia, Judge, Guwahati High Court conducted the meeting.
The body of the deceased woman has been taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital Nongpoh for post mortem. Police have also seized the weapons used in the incident.
The residents of Meghalaya should be vigilant and think carefully before the storm comes.
“This building has Virasat and Vastu, Kala (design) and Kaushal (skills), Sanskrit (rights) and also the voice of the Constitution.
Police have been deployed at this check post to ensure that people entering West Khasi Hills District should be tested first at this check post and after being found to be healthy, they will be allowed to enter. to enter the West Khasi Hills District.
The DC (Custom), North East Region, Bah Spencer Mylliem, while speaking as the chief guest, congratulated the youth who have worked hard and passed well in their studies. This meeting was held to encourage many churches who were honored on this day.
Also, in countries around the world women are overrepresented in unpaid work.
The JSU is still trusted by the people and the nation but the presence of other parties in Jaintia Hills has confused the people of the state and the residents of Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The Assistant Inspector General of Police (SP) GK Iangrai on Tuesday said that the job vacancies in the Meghalaya Police Department which have been posted on three websites are false.
Shillong, March 04: Four political parties demanding the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state today held a protest near the Additional Secretariat to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state. it shall implement the gates known as the entrance and exit gates.
Applications can be submitted by those who have reached the age of 18 years and above up to 45 years.
The Commission has also awarded grants of honorarium to the ad-hoc commandants, commanders of the units who have to serve during the elections conducted by the Election Commission of India.
After a thorough discussion and after the presentation of letters from the Delhi office to the State Government and especially after seeing how the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council has not responded since the 3rd. August 2012, letters sent by the State Government and Ministry of Home Affairs, Govt of India, regarding the clarification of the Joint Secretary, North East (MHA), Government of Meghalaya, on the orders of the authorities. The NCST and the recommendations of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) in which the Joint Secretary (NE) of the Union Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) said that The District Council has not responded but the State Government should take action to respond because these suggestions from the State Government have to be sent because it is their duty to respond to the directives of the NCST. In this regard, the Joint Secretary, NE, MHA, after seeing the dances around the letters, said that he will send another letter to the State Government to respond without waiting for the letters. The District Council has not yet decided whether to do so.
According to sources, the DMR officers who used to look after the weighbridge of coal and Mawshun to Bangladesh have been transferred to the weighbridge at Amsarin. New weighbridge on 2/2/2
The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya, BDR Tiwari, has urged the citizens of Meghalaya to turn out tomorrow to go to the Polling Stations to cast their vote. Lok Sabha elections,
He said that this stadium has now been in existence for more than 14 years and it has been a blessing to many youths from the state in which many stars have emerged from this stadium.
Rambrai Jyrngam Block MDC Bajop Pyngrope and Congress office bearers today sent their resignation letter to the President of the MPCC. There are 20 party office bearers from JR Block who have signed their resignation letters.
In his speech, the Minister of State, Bah Lyngdoh, said that the state has many talented people. for the youth to showcase their talents.
Shillong, Iaiong 09: Rangbah Sumar Sing Sawian was cremated at Jaiaw, Shillong today according to the customs and traditions of the Khasi religion. Pay tribute to this great thinker of the Khasi people.
In achieving this goal, the State Government has announced the PRIME program for the year 2020 for the Startup Ecosystem.
It is to be recalled that the Union of San Shnongs under the leadership of Bah KW Shylla, President and Bah R. Diengdoh, Secretary recently gathered together with the FKJGP, KSU & RBYF. The Union of San Shnong (Sumer 4No, Byrwa) has decided to take action together for the welfare of the people of the San Shnong (Sumer 4No, Byrwa). , Umramblei, Law Byrwa & Umtham) although the leaders of the KSU & RBYF although they could not be present on this occasion due to some unavoidable reasons but they gave their full support to this occasion. you issue.
Shillong, March 09: U Bah SG Khongiong, General Secretary, Congress Committee, Nongkrem Constituency today held a public meeting in Kseh Bilat, Laitkor Mawrie Lumheh in the presence of more than 1000 members and supporters. (EKHDCC), announced the opening of the office of the Nongkrem Block Congress Committee (NBCC) at the ground floor of Duh Shisha Mawrie, and at the same time accepted and confirmed the decision of the NBCC. John F Kharshiing has been nominated as the Congress candidate for the 22nd Nongkrem Assembly Constituency.
You have supported the rights of the people of the country.
The Police Medal for Gallantry (PMG) was awarded to 140 policemen, the President's Police Medal for Distinguished Service (PPM) to 93 personnel and the Police Medal for Meritorious Service (PM) to 668 people.
Shillong, March 03: When talking about tourism in Meghalaya, people from all over the world and also the Union Ministers when they come to Meghalaya visit Sohra. this place is not on earth.
Shillong, July 11: The Shillong Bench, Gauhati High Court has granted bail to two accused of three FIRs filed at the West Khasi Hills District Headquarters, Nongstoin. of Sangma and Sujit Dey.
The Seng will not allow and will not be responsible for any incident against foreigners and commercial vehicles who are illegally committing such activities which endanger the country, the nation and the state as a whole. other.
Supporters of the NPP and PDF witnessed the joining of two MLAs of the PDF and with this joining of the NPP party, the number of MLAs in the House has increased. 60 to 28, and this has given more power to the ruling NPP.
According to the order, no one will be allowed to enter the Containment Zone except the health workers and those who have received permission from the Incident Commander in charge of the village.
At present, the opposition has not yet decided who will contest the election, but as it is the presence of MLAs in the House, the Congress candidate will win easily.
Regarding the appointment of special officers, they have been appointed on contract for three months and are re-appointed depending on their performance. Therefore, due to the urgency of the work, a special officer has been contracted.
He said that the main objective of conducting such programs across the country is to remember the deeds of those heroes who fought for freedom and so that we can know about the rights and history of you country.
In this regard, the Minister in charge of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, urged the Dorbar Shnongs of Shillong Government and those around the city to attend the meeting to discuss how to work together to improve the quality of education. children against this evil and to make the state free from drug abuse.
MeECL has started using the Gateway Payment since 2014, which allows people to pay their light bills online. pay.
Winning Garland Sungoh (INC) and Mokaiaw,
The paintings on the walls have shocked the Chief Minister because the paintings have their own meaning which they give to the people who look at the paintings on the walls of these walls. the village is created.
Nalin Mehta, Director of NEIGRIHMS, today inaugurated the implementation of the ABDM Scan and Share at the hospital on the first floor.
At the same time, the Prime Minister said that this is a request to work together if possible, as this will help in reducing the production of carbon dioxide, will help in reducing traffic jam. , it will help keep fuel costs down and importantly it will help health.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The residents of Shillong to Jowai have started facing traffic jams due to the deterioration of the highway from Mawyngkneng to Jowai. The worst incident occurred in Ummulong.
The Seng strongly warns the LRO not to start inciting religious differences in the State or India as a whole.
The need for us as the Dorbar Kur to know and read and copy i) the Rules of Procedure of the Dorbar Hima ii) the Census of the Hima iii) the Audit Report of the Dorbar Hima and iv ) The Report of the Hima Dorbar.
They shall not have any discrimination against any other nation.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Faustina Tariang, son of Tbn Nobait Swer and mother of Pritty M Tariang, passed away today at NEIGRIHMS. Mawdiangdiang Hospital.
The JSU is surprised at the failure of the PWD Jowai Central Division to repair this road, as the Executive Engineer has said that the NHIDCL will soon call a tender for the repair of this road. une u street.
The union will take strong action against them if they do not respect the rules laid down by the trimuluk of not to trade without permission in the future.
The IOA & AA prohibits the laws of India from applying without the approval of the Hima Khasi States and from bringing peace in the Khadar administration within the State especially within the Khasi Hills.
The meeting was conducted by Bah D Rani Sordar of Center Village who also distributed memorandums to the BDO and block officers in the presence of members of the dorbar and elders.
Hek said he was working at a place in Khanapara, Assam and tested positive for COVID-19 in Assam. After he wanted to return to the state, the government accepted him. come to your own state.
Speaking to reporters, Paul Lyngdoh said that there are government departments which need physical strength. The Cabinet has taken a decision such as Excise, Registration, Taxation, ERTS and Forest Department. Civil Defense bad Home Guard.
The purpose of this training is to explain to the youth who wish to join the army how and how to prepare themselves and the rules and regulations for joining the army at various levels. .
In some parts of the story, Prof Antoinette Kharmalki, who also took part as the Mei'yiem in the durim, added comments.
In the HSSLC, which includes Arts, Science and Commerce, the total number of candidates for the examination is 30697 in these three subjects.
With three victories and two defeats in the round robin stage, Meghalaya qualified for the semifinals as the second-placed team in the plate group.
The union also said that as this hospital is located in Meghalaya, it should provide for the indigenous people before providing for others.
Along with the self-help groups, he said that Khadi and village industry are good signs of self-employment in the villages.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Many of the residents of Mawsynram Village have been suffering from water shortage which has affected them so much that they have to take their own Pliang Ja into the river to clean.
He said that the ILP is only one of the protection measures but there are other ways to protect our people.
Shillong, July 12: Shillong Police have arrested Nirdesh Jain alias Appu from Padhya Pradesh. Police have registered a case under PSC/NO.77(12) at Madanriting Police Station. U/S 3(A)/4 POCSO ACT. This person worked as a manager at a petrol pump in Khliehriat and after learning of this he fled to Guwahati.
The invitation for applications will be for the year 2013-2014 where the examination will be held in June 2014 and those who pass this examination will be admitted to this school.
At present, there is no agreement between the central government, the Meghalaya government and the HNLC, but there is no intention to disrupt the peace talks. The party respects the central government and the state government for not committing any illegal activities.
There have been many successful efforts made in the last 5 years to alleviate poverty.
However, especially in Meghalaya which is a rainy area, the water will enter the tanks of vehicles, especially those of two wheelers.
Shillong, Lber 18: The President of the Maitshaphrang Movement, Bah Michel Syiem, today said that all political parties have passed a strong law to curb corruption in the country. for election but now you are listening.
Therefore, we have urged the Government to take steps to assist the students to continue their studies according to the availability of educational institutions in the state or to other states in order to ensure that the future of the students. Those who study in Manipur should not be affected.
If this plan of the Bangladesh government is implemented throughout the border areas with Bangladesh, the livelihood activities such as mining will seriously affect those residents especially in the border areas with Bangladesh.
Referring to the incident inside the Williamnagar Civil Hospital, the Deputy Commissioner said that two of the arrested persons are children and one is an adult.
On the 15th of July, the President will open the 5th Meghalaya Games at the PA Sangma Stadium, Tura.
The celebration lasted a year.
An elderly man from Assam has died inside a hotel room in Shillong on Friday.
The minister said she will send a report and how much money has been spent to purchase the medicines we don't know,” said Bah Marbaniang.
According to police, the incident happened on 13/6/2023 when the vehicle was leaving the village to go to Mawsynram market, but the incident was reported to the police on 14/6/2 Police have rushed to the scene to check.
Many SAI coaches whose contracts have expired have been re-appointed according to their performance.
However, they (DSO) will send a detailed report because they have already done the investigation.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The FKJGP Central Body has expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Walton Jyrwa, the oldest photographer in the state.
The JNC also urges the Police Department to stop the arrest and detention of KSU members as this arrest and detention of youths has caused panic in the villages and has affected the peace and order in the State. Sambormi Lyngdoh General Secretary JNC – Central Council.
)Before the start of the tournament, a short meeting was held by Samla Lawyerson War President JSU Mynso Unit, in which Rangbah Lakhon Biam was also present as the chief guest. The President of the JSU Sengkmie, Resipian Syntem and other elders of the village.
For more information please call the following numbers:.
The Defense Minister said Modi 3.0 will take steps to enhance India's security and build India as a force against terrorism, insurgency and naxal activities.
Later, Dr Pawarka also met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan and the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma.
Media sources told SP News Agency that this idea has gone well with the government authorities as the shortage of doctors is excessive in Meghalaya.
In the past few days, police of East Jaintia Hills District have arrested a suspected drug dealer and in this arrest, he was taken to a Phensedyl warehouse and now they have recovered They also seized machines to make illegal drugs.
New Delhi, Jymmang 27: The Vice President of India and Chairman of the Rajya Sabha, M Venkaiah Naidu, on Tuesday said that India is a country that wants peace, but if there are people This was clearly demonstrated by the successful raid by the army on the terrorist base in Pakistan.
In another incident, Meghalaya Police have arrested four drug traffickers and seized 26 grams of heroin, T.6009 cash, an Alto and two mobile phones. you can register a complaint according to the law.
In 2014, 19 people were elected.
The government department is now looking into whether this will be sufficient to determine whether the environment will suit these fruit cows as in Arunachal Pradesh and Nagaland this type of cow lives. and the people were very eager to eat it.
According to sources, the names of the two mothers are Kimboi Kongshai and Venosiem.
SHILLONG, July 06: The Achik National Volunteers Council (ANVC-B) after talks with the government will explain to the Village Authorities and other Garo leaders on several issues. regarding the peace talks with the government held on Saturday in Shillong.
Four persons were injured in a landslide near the Mawlai Bypass under the Mawlai C&RD, according to a report released by the Executive Director of the MSDMA on Tuesday. Block on Tuesday.
The judges of the competition were Bollywood star Amit Paul who is also a famous singer from Meghalaya and Wanjop Sohkhlet.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong has said that it will inform about the incident and the station of the Assam Police on Lum Umshyrngat which is still within the boundary of Lapangap village.
The survey focuses on expansion in aspirational districts and border areas.
Belovedson Dome, General Secretary of KSU Dimahasao District Unit, Assam, has passed away.
Banwari Lal Joshi was appointed as the Governor of Meghalaya from 12th June 2007 to 28th March
Shillong, Nailar 10: U Vincent H Pala, MP from Shillong, on Tuesday said that to replace the MPCC President is outside the constituency of the Congress Legislative Party. of the AICC this is the rule of law within the Congress.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Mawhati MDC James Sylliang, Gramsebak of Umsning C&RD Block and including leaders of FKJGP Umsning Circle and RBYF Umsning Circle immediately received information about the incident. These leaders of the village today visited the refugees who have been affected by the sudden storm.
Hek said that three persons who were suspected to have COVID-19 at the Screening Point in Byrnihat were tested positive for COVID-1 only one way is positive.
Relief supplies sent to the area should not include paid items or non-liquid beverages.
Shillong, Nailur 16: Replying to a special question on the border issue with Assam, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, S Marbaniang and Mrs. Ampareen Lyngdoh.
They may announce his return after the announcement of the MLA results in West Bengal and Assam after the formation of the BJP government in these states.
Most of the damage was caused to the documents of the school.
The HYC said that one thing should be known that as Seng Bhalang or different groups, they may have many differences in their flags, but they have one mind and purpose and “that is to protect and preserve and especially to fight without hesitation for the sake of the Jaidbynriew,” said a statement sent by Bah Roy Kupar Synrem President of the HYC.
The computer was welcomed by the Rangbah Shnong of Phira in the presence of NPP Working President of 14-Pynthorumkhrah Block George, Secretary Hameio Lyngdoh and village officials at a meeting at Lumshyiap Dorbar Shnong.
However, in the advertisement released on 23rd February 2024, the DMHO of South West Khasi Hills District has advertised in the media only 24 posts and 16 posts. others have disappeared and have not been advertised.
It has caused a great deal of sorrow to the people when they pass by the highway and especially to the parents who have to think and be vigilant especially when it comes to the time of travel. They cannot reach school on time due to the traffic jam which has caused inconvenience to the people especially the children, said the two elders. .
The Minister told the officers that the goal of transforming the North East into the center of India's economic development can only be achieved through the full cooperation between the Central and State Governments.
In a letter sent today, the KSU demanded that the Chairperson of CFISCE should withdraw the Sociology book written by Manjir Ghosh. This book contains the truths about the Khasi people.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister said that there are many ideas to be done for the state, whether it is necessary to keep secret the writings regarding the state before independence. and after receiving the state to collect the documents and photographs regarding the preparations of the state to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the state and urged the DIPR to do this and should start from now on.
They said that another vehicle has come and they don't know where to move because they are afraid of falling inside.
On the other hand, we will sit down to discuss these issues with the Village Leaders of these areas and they will also discuss what they need to do and take steps to move forward to ensure that the people KSU President Forwardman Nongrem said that the government will not be insulted and discriminated against in the government.
Furthermore, the distribution of M-TABs by Dr. Mukul Sangma to the students of East Khasi Hills, worth T.20 crore for the purpose of distribution to 24000 students of the state. “Now in Class XII, it is just a matter of pride to mislead the people who have lost confidence in his position as Prime Minister and especially as the MP election is approaching,” said Bah Majaw.
The chief guest was Samla Lambok Starwell Marngar, President KSU and the symbud was Samla Shemphang Lang Lyngdoh Mawphlang, Vice President KSU. NEHU students should have hope in their struggle and studies to bring about a brighter future.
However, with the help of his father and neighbours, these children were Ibalincy Mylliemumlong 8 years old, Lumlang 6 years old and Iaieitlang 2 and a half years old.
On the other hand, the DC should have investigated before sending it to the police.
There are three persons in this house and all three of them are disabled. The saddest thing is that when their supporter was shot, they were thrown into the ground. in front of them, said Mr. Jitendra.
The HYC alleged that the proposal was exactly what the youth asked.
The three new laws dealing with illegal activities attempted to correct ancient prejudices, and to harmonize them with the present needs of a developing country and its people.
The BSF is conducting search operations in the area to track down the perpetrators.
Dineshan, Principal, JNV School, Mawphlang as the chief guest and Dr Engam Pame, Director, ROB Shillong spoke on the importance of doing yoga every day.
Shillong, July 02: Tura MDA Bernard N. Marak, who is also the Vice President of the BJP, on Tuesday demanded an immediate inquiry into the corruption of the company that manufactured the P.A. Sangma Stadium.
They also gave strong advice to the children, the youth and the elderly.
The Chief Minister of the State, Dr. Aman Warr, Dr. Aman Warr, today said that the government has decided to increase the number of government officials in the country. .
.
Greenita Syiemlieh (Asst CNE Co-ordinator & Editor), the manual was validated by heads of all surgical disciplines and is grounded in evidence-based research.
The trust of the followers should be based only on those promises that can be fulfilled.
On the other hand, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh promised to take action on these issues affecting the job seekers of the state.
The funeral service will be held at the Unitarian Church Jowai at 2.30 pm.
Shillong, Nailur 18: U Bah Bordling Nongsiej, Shillong, on Tuesday said, “I don't want to be given anything.
In his opening remarks, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Shripad Yesso Naik, announced the approval of the Telemedicine Guidelines for Homeopathic Doctors and explained the need to implement them. AYUSH workers to work with people who are already in the fight against COVID if necessary.
Under the guidance of the faculty in this program.
In his speech, the Governor said that there should be a safe environment for the Barikor to develop their traditional skills and the government should support the efforts of the Riti Academy.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the most important works that his father, Bah Synstar Klas Sunn, is still doing are the roads. other de.
Other office bearers are Saiñkupar Nongtraw as General Secretary and Publicity Secretary, Alex Diengdoh as Foreign Secretary, Wanshan Marwein as Finance Secretary, Riewpyrkhat Sun as Organizing Secretary and M Rynjah as Organizing Secretary. to  Partner cultural secretary.
Because of the unemployment in the state, it has been seen that the tourist/taxi industry has benefited the unemployed, and this statement of Dr Mukul Sangma will cause problems to many who earn their living by driving.
David Kharnaior General Secretary of the party said that the relevant authorities should respect the feelings of the people of Meghalaya where most of them are Christians.
From 4-Sohmynting Khliehtyrshi, those who have filed their nomination papers include the CEM of JHADC, Madonbai Rymbai and Lakhon Dkhar.
The HNLC through its Chairman-cum-C-in-C Bobby Marweiñ and General Secretary-cum-Publicity Secretary Saiñkupar Nongtraw, has sent a letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) through the Advisor ( MHA, Northeast) and AK Mishra to inform of this decision.
The Black Flag Peace Rally will be held in East Jaintia and West Jaintia Hills on the same day on 26/08/2 10 am in the morning.
The demand was that the government should show that it has stopped the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh.
Shillong, November 21: Rev. GPL Gadew with Retd Professor.
Shillong, June 23: Many residents of Wahkhen village have expressed their dissatisfaction with the speed of the East Khasi Hills Police Department to curb illegal activities in the village.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with SP City Stephan Rynjah, General Secretary of HYC Shillong City, Enlang Sawian said that the purpose of the meeting was to demand from the police department that Regarding the complaint, the complaint was lodged at Mawlai Police Station last night.
Welcome guests and speakers,” said Prithul Kumar, MD NFDC and Joint Secretary Films, Information and Broadcasting.
Shillong, Naitungng 02: The Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad today sent his condolences on the passing away of former Governor of Meghalaya Bhishma Naraian Singh. His is a great loss to the whole country.
The three organizations (HMYWO, SSRS and FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle) have sent the complaint to the Dorbar of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima after the HMYWO together with the leaders of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle In this inspection, as part of the efforts to curb the evil deeds and evil deeds committed by some of the robbers which has degraded the dignity of the Khasi people and Dew Thala counts the sacredness of Lum Shyllong.
Thongni said the government should track down and arrest Vicky Dey from Maharashtra, Kachar and Tripura who have tried to disrupt the peace and order in the state. .
In the incident, the police vehicle parked on the side of the road near the CID headquarters was damaged.
The party will start distributing these forms from Saturday 21st March 2017 and will end in July
The arrest of the two men was based on the confession of Rahul Amin that they were on their way to Guwahati to receive Bangladeshis coming from Jammu and Kashmir by train. They were arrested at Guwahati Railway Station.
On the other hand, the HYC said that there are some works that have been completed and remain to be done.
I condemn this incident and I don't know who is involved and such incidents should not happen from any party or from any side of one party. campaign," he said.
Shillong, June 22: After months of struggle, the Medical Council of India (NEIGRIHMS) today approved the recognition of the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS). .
This special award is on the basis of encouraging the students to continue to study in their own language so that they can improve the status of the Khasi language in the field of literature. and so on in the days to come.
The truck carrying the pilgrims was from Mawlangsu, Mawlum and the victims were from Nginiong, Nongbudum and Mawbyrkong. The incident happened at 8.30 pm at Jadokroh near Nongsung, about 11 km from Nongstoin. The incident occurred at around 8.30 pm.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has visited four villages in Shilliang Wahblei, Tynhiang village, Proin four houses and Porla four houses. three houses in Nongsynrang and three houses in Tynrong Mawsaw.
The cost of this road is T.82.88 lakh.
Myntri Kharlukhi, one of the Ministers in the Hima, expressed his gratitude for the resumption of the market although there are only a few shops. They are still talking to the government to see if it can open other types of shops which are currently closed.
In fact, police have seized drugs from the residence of Stevenson Tongwah in Nonglang but they don't know what the law enforcement agencies have done about it.
We can and must do this collaboratively.
Shillong, March 03: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) under the leadership of its President Bah Daniel Khyriem today went to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Daniel Khyriem to demand that the government should to rehabilitate the PHC of Wahkaji which has been dormant for decades.
Evangeline Maioram 5th position Geography 75.88%.
In the next eight months, there will be pre summits on four topics along with workshops and seminars in universities across the states of India before the Youth-20 Summit.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of Social Welfare, Meghalaya, said, “At this time when we are here today at the Play to Learn Summit, it is very touching. There should be a collaboration between the Meghalaya Early Childhood Development Mission, the Sesame Workshop India Trust, and other partner agencies.
The arrested were identified as Sushan Das, 46, Ranjit Baidya, 61, Bijit Baidya, 30, Kamal Baidya, 51, Sajol Das, 38, Joy Sharma, Rajesh Sharma is 25 years old.
The States have set targets for their cities, with the aim of completing them by November 31,
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya said that if NEIGRIHMS is empowered to look after itself, it will help to improve the quality of health care to the people of the state and the region. .
Over the past year, from November 1, 2022 to January 31, 2023, 188 police officers sacrificed their lives to ensure security and bring order to society society in the country.
This sentiment prevalent in both countries has inspired talks that have been going live despite the challenges that exist during the current pandemic.
Mawsynram, Jymmang 09: The Shad Suk Mynsiem at Kenmynsaw Syntein Village under the Hima Mawsynram Syiemship, which used to be held once a year, this year 2017 was held for three days on the 4th, 5th and 6th of this month. January, 2017.
Therefore, the Seng strongly condemns this action of the Police and demands that the search for the members of the Union should be stopped immediately otherwise the Union will investigate another in which the responsibility will go to the government and to the police department.
The Dy.CM said that there is no need to recognize the State Government through the DCA; Let us turn to the Constitution of District Councils Rules, 1951, as amended as “AD Quote “Rule 20 (1) : The Chief Executive Member shall be elected by the District Council and the other Executive Members shall be appointed by the Governor on the advice of the Chief. Executive Member from amongst the members of the District Council.
He explained some of the challenges of entrepreneurs in the region saying that the lack of support and research are others that the Government Department can address.
On the other hand, KHNAM said that other states have also raised the issue to stir up the people but what is causing the Meghalaya government to remain silent on this issue.
“The FKJGP and other organizations will not allow the mining of uranium in Meghalaya.
He held the post until his retirement in 2017.
He said that the state government has so far formulated a State Youth Policy which has a policy that can benefit the talented youth of the state but the surprising thing is that the state government has been silent and has not yet implemented this policy which has been passed in the Cabinet since last year
After the meeting, a free treatment program was held for the eye patients in which many of the people came to participate.
The method of making this fertilizer derived from other living organisms that can kill plant diseases (bio-pesticides) can be effective against many kinds of diseases. who are in their own places.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: U Prestone Tynsong today said that the government has seen the allegation by Angela Rangad against the government on the assistance to the poor in 2020 due to the dam closure.
Meanwhile, the Chief Minister of the State Government, DR Mukul Sangma, has stressed the need for closer and better trade relations between the two countries from now on.
The committee will visit the state on the 10th and 11th of this month.
Science exhibition, essay writing competition, information, drawing, airrong, and other science related activities were held on this day. schools of Ri Bhoi District and distributed prizes to the winners.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that it has received a complaint from the Incident Commanders that shops in Mawbah, Jhalupara, Nongmensong and Polo have not complied with the rules and regulations laid down by the Department of Insurance. health.
Leaders of political parties to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) met on Friday and resolved to demand the immediate implementation of the Eatsern Bengal Frontier. Regulation Act 1873 which is an Act to protect against the illegal entry of mynder and foreigners.
Art and Culture, Health and Family Welfare, Home (Passport) Prison Frpartment.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed that 2 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills. The number of cases has risen to 92,2
The State Government has approved the implementation of the salary of college teachers according to the 7th Pay Commission of the Central Government.
Shillong, November 12: Identity cards were also distributed to all the villages of Mawlai Mali to verify the VDPs. The development works of Lafarge Umiam Mining in Meghalaya have been suspended around Nongtrai village.
The cleaning of this road started about three months ago and the cleaning has reached almost noon and the cleaning is still only one side but the work has now stopped.
Amit Shah said PACS can now start distributing LPG, Diesel and Petrol.
Shillong, July 24: TMC Vice President George B Lyngdoh, in reply to NPP National President Conrad K Sangma's statement that the leaders will flee after the MLA elections, said that the party leaders will flee after the MLA elections. I congratulate Conrad for announcing the NPP as the new party in Meghalaya and the NPP leader's statement is that only if they get back in power they will try to elect the TMC MLAs. George said Conrad's speech shows that the TMC will win the majority and this shows that the NPP cannot rely on its own candidates to win the election.
Because these actions will lead to the destruction of life in the water and soil, damage to the environment and also will also endanger the health of the people.
The KSU has also sent a petition to the CM of Manipur, N. Biren Singh.
Shillong, Nailur 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the passage of the Farm Bills in Parliament will be a blessing to the farmers. do it slowly slowly from the past.
He said that the language, culture, food, dress code and the beauty of nature in the North East will boost the region in terms of tourism.
His commitment to the needs of the future especially roads and telecom are contributing to the income of our country as well as the empowerment of society.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: U Bah Francis Khongwir, Cashier of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, on Tuesday surrendered to the Meghalaya Police after being arrested. He allegedly misused the Assembly funds of more than T.40 lakh.
During the meeting, the CEM was informed that there should be a cooperation between the state government and the District Councils to prevent foreign vehicles from entering the state as it affects the villagers.
In a complaint sent to the police, the HITO said that its members have searched the residences of the MLAs in their constituencies but have not found them. Khasi Hills have searched for them at their residence in Shillong but cannot find them.
This part of Motphran is under the jurisdiction of Wahthapbroo Village. It is one of the most crowded market areas in the presence of market vendors to prevent the spread of COVID-1 They took this opportunity to clean up the Motphran area.
On the same day, Dr Saikia launched the website of the MHRC at the Commission's office at the old Arunachal Pradesh Secretariat Building, Shillong Cantonment.
“As a woman leader, I am sorry for this rape and murder, the time has come to shock people”.
Many of them said that the government should increase the number of shops in different villages so that there will be no problem for the people in order to buy their necessities from the villages. rural market.
Nongprut, Santapur, Riangkha, Riangkha, Riangkha, Riangshiang, Riangshiang, Iewjynru, Umkait, Nongjri, Santapur, Aswit, Riangkha, Riangkha, and Riangkha. jiang , Mawthengkut, Porla A and B, Porla A and B, Porla A and B, Porla A and B, Nongsleh, Mawthylliang, Rimardon, Proin, Mawsaw, Jenepih, Domlindu II, Serangdo, and other parts of the country. , Shilliang Rynniaw - I'll Be There For You (Official Video)
One of the speakers said that on the 30th in Delhi, they were signing a petition to the Minister of Home Affairs to oppose the CAB, but the plug was thrown from behind when Agatha signed it. Many of the speakers expressed their support for the CAB. On this day, as a sign of protest against the CAB, a march was held from Madan Iewrynhep in Laitumkhrah to Motphran in which was attended by hundreds of people on foot.
There are 138 recoveries today, 4 from East Jaintia Hills, 8 from Ri Bhoi, 102 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi, 10 from South Garo Hills, 16 from West Garo Hills. The death toll has risen to
These works were distributed under the Special Assistant Grant which the KHADC has received T.133 crore from the Central Government for the implementation of works in the MDC constituencies of 29 MDCs within the KHADC. and they received three hundred shekels of silver.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Khelor Kharnaior, President of MBCC, Bah Rudy Shangpliang, Working President of MBCC and other elders of the area.
Shillong, Lber 17: There are 60 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, of which 10 are undergoing treatment in hospitals, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed. Hills, 1 in Ri Bhoi, 1 in South Garo Hills and 1 in West Garo Hills.
The HITO said that there have been many meetings between the Chief Ministers of the two states, Assam and Meghalaya and at the rank of officers but nothing has come of it. , requested the Home Minister to take action.
The Jal Diwali will be held at three ULBs across Meghalaya where water treatment plants will be visited from 7th to 9th November,
Prema Khandu, Biplab Kumar Deb and BS Pant also congratulated the Government of Meghalaya for organizing this program and highlighted the work initiated by their governments to develop food factories in the state. their state.
She stressed that cleanliness goes hand in hand with Bam which builds to protect human health by having a clean environment which can stop the spread of diseases.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that during the talks, they said that there should be no tension on both sides and peace should be maintained on both sides.
Ardent said there was nothing wrong with the Law Adong but with the agreement of the Syiem and the Ministers, this land does not belong to the Hima Mylliem but it belongs to the Hima Mylliem. put it on long shwa man shwa.
This will also apply to the construction of party offices, the raising of flags or the holding of public marches without the permission of the District Election Officer.
He said that the House should have met more often to discuss the affairs of the state, not to meet to fulfill what is stipulated in the Constitution of the country.
Shillong, March 07: The Meghalaya High Court today ruled on the Public Interest Litigation (PIL) filed by Tennydard M Marak. Chief Minister of the State Dr Mukul Sangma.
“The enactment of 144 CrPC by the DC, East Khasi Hills District in Shillong and banning the public from opening shops after 10 pm is a confession and acknowledgment of the state government and the police department. which is skilled in curbing violence and bringing peace and order in the state.
Myrsing General Secretary said that this is unacceptable how other ASHAs in the same district receive while the ASHAs in Mawthawpdah do not receive. I can't accept it.
And to close down the playground completely and not to use it until the boundary is cleared and verified.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare is currently under quarantine according to the rules laid down by the State Government.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the party, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, said that at this meeting, the party has formed a special committee to guide how to strengthen the party. , this group will then make recommendations to the party on how to proceed.
The AJYWO says that they have not received the NPR, is it?  What does it mean and what are the advantages and disadvantages of registering or not registering with the NPR (Aadhaar Number).
The most affected areas were rice fields, fish ponds and many other crops and roads.
: The Shillong Civil Hospital has collected T.6,29,18,877 crore in the last three years from patients seeking treatment at this hospital.
Shillong, March 14: Two children have lost their lives in a boat capsizing in the Umngot River this morning at about 3.30 pm. it's from the Middle Village.
The demand of the EMRI-108 workers under the umbrella of the Meghalaya EMRI-108 Workers Union (MEMRIWU) to the State Government to take over the operation of the EMRI-108 vehicles has not been successful.
Speaking to media, MPWU President Napoleon S Mawphniang said that the union urges the government to release the salaries and other benefits. payment.
The demand of the MDCs to convene a special session is to remove the incumbent CEM, Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem. .
There is thus a golden opportunity before the country to immediately realize the aspirations of the Indian independence movement.
He said that the KSU stands on the basis of preserving the land, the boundary of Sam and the land, the preservation of the way of life as a nation.
Standing firm in his beliefs, he fought for peace and stability in Jammu & Kashmir.
The Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, told the House that the government has received a letter from the office of the Prime Minister of India informing that T.2 lakh will be provided to one person. T.50,000 to each of the injured.
When the BSF searched the plastic bag, they found that it contained Bangladesh currency worth T.3.4 lakh Taka. for use in smuggling activities.
When introducing this policy, the Government has ensured that it will not affect the Constitution of the State. The introduction of this policy is to open the doors for cooperation between the Government. and private individuals in the fields.
However, on reaching at Wahblei bridge his scooty skidded off the road and as a result of which lost control of his scooty and recd serious injury.
There are 1307 police personnel in the SF-10 force, of whom the government has decided to transfer 905 personnel to the SF-10 force and others who have not been allowed to be sent to the districts.
The KJFWRA demands that the Commission of Food Safety should clarify whether they can test those fish that contain formalin.
During the days of his priesthood he worked hard to spread the work of God, not only that he was also a healer through his prayers and this was witnessed by the coming of people from all over the country. in Khasi.
They were identified as Isan Singh and Sujit Dutta.
The sense of hopelessness went and people were full of hope, dreams were joined to action, achievements were seen and the people said together – yes, the country can change.
In his speech, the MLA of the area, Winnerson D Sangma, expressed his gratitude to the Sports Department for setting up this football ground.
Shillong, March 16: The Government today convened a meeting of the Select Committee under the chairmanship of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya as Chairman to discuss the appointment of the members of the Search Committee. to the members of the Lakayokta.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Shembhalang Kharwanlang said that these youths who came in the Top 10 are from low income families.
KHNAM acknowledges that other states of India have implemented this Act, but the reluctance of the state government to fully implement this Act is a violation of the rights of the people. who does not have a defect in the body.
The Minister said the government has already promised not to withdraw the government's deposits from these two banks, as both these banks have enough funds.
On this occasion, the Rangbah Shnongs and the relevant committees within the constituency were present to take the items to be taken to the villages and they were taken by the Rangbah Shnongs.
She said that The National Education Policy 2020 acknowledges that the solution to the social and economic problems of today requires research from various fields in India and cannot be imported from abroad. .
In another decision to be taken today, once again from 1st June, 2023, the areas identified as having the highest number of violence under the AFSPA in these three states have been reduced.
The Chief Secretary congratulated the District authorities for their efforts in the preparation for the election.
The venue of the public hearing was initially supposed to be held at Brichyrnot, but the authorities moved it to Lumshnong without seeking permission from the Dorbar Shnong. .
The swearing-in ceremony was held in the House today by the Speaker of the Lok Sabha, Sumitra Mahajan, in the presence of MPs from many churches.
Shillong, July 25: U MLA of Mowkaiaw, Bah Nujorki Syngoh, on Tuesday said that in Psiar area, there is no intimidation of the people, even by the district authorities. Administration is responsible for maintaining peace.
Shillong, November 17: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modiun, arrived in Meghalaya and Tripura on Tuesday morning.
The number of cases by district is 1, East Khasi Hills 48, Ri Bhoi 17, South West Garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills 32 and West Jaintia Hills cases, 5 cases from East Khasi Hills and 2 cases from Ri Bhoi.
Police have alleged that it is the same group that has raised the flag of the HNLC in the past years, on the orders of members in Bangladesh.
Regarding the letter written by ACHIK, it is misleading and will only create ethnic differences between the Khasi and Garo people, said HITO President Donbok Dkhar. .
The Congress party has already asked all its MLAs to attend the session of the House tomorrow morning as this is the first time that the House has held a session. the house of the council.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The Dorbar Shnong Lawsohtun today on the 4th of this month has reported that the area where the incident occurred at Mahadev Khola has fallen under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong Lawsohtun. On July 2023, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, RM Kurbah, has met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, RM Kurbah to clarify that Mahadev Khola is not within the boundary of Lawsohtun Village. Speaking to reporters, the Rangbah Shnong of Lawsohtun, Bah Harrybirth Rynjah, said that Lawsohtun is surrounded by the Umjasai River.
Speaking to media after the meeting, party president Shibun Lyngdoh said that as of now, the BJP has already approved the MDA, but it is clear that the UDP will The MDA has not yet decided to contest Dr Jemimo Mawthoh as its candidate.
The Mawsynram MLA said he demands from the central government to provide T.10,000/- to the poor households and small traders.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the residents said that they had received the information issued earlier that the market would open today, but the information issued later because they live in the villages did not receive that information. They urged the relevant authorities to strengthen the information channels so that the people will not face any problems.
Police of Lumdiengjri Police Station have registered a complaint against him on 2/ November 2020 and sent him to Shella Police Station.
In the letter, he congratulated the NPP party for winning many MLAs and the UDP supported the NPP-led government to form a new government.
Besides these 40 Khasi players, Shillong Lajong FC has also recruited two players from Mizoram, Joshua VL Rinliana and KLalfakzuala.
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, inaugurated the thermal scanner before entering the office. employees of KHADC and the public who come to work in the office.
The policy 2012 stipulates that all landowners and all those working in the mining industry must apply for permission from the government by submitting their applications through the office of the Deputy Commissioner. that you par you don.
On the other hand, the HNLA leader said that it was the Congress which signed the Indira-Mujib Treaty in 1972 and Bangladesh which carried out the Bengali Hindu refugees from East Pakistan. million (12 million) to live in the Northeast.
He also promised that this will be done through the Special Assistance Scheme for the year 2017-2018 once the UCs have been submitted and once received the money will be sent to the state government as soon as possible. he assured that this will be completed within this year.
Regarding this, they learned that the Rangbah Shnong has lodged a complaint in Khanapara, on this they have also lodged a complaint against the Rangbah Shnong at the same police out post.
On this occasion, Nehemaya Tyngkan, the finalist of Jaintia Fot Talent 2021, performed the New Year's Eve song of Iooksi Pyllun. DJ Wanchan's Kynhun and DJ Wanchan were also present.
Shillong, Lber 03: Despite the fear of the people, peace and order has begun to return to Shillong, the District Administration today released a three hour curfew. Curfew in Police Bazaar and Angellee area.
Besides this one, there are three others from Shillong who have been sent for treatment at the ALIVE AGAIN FOUNDATION. Members of the union did not rest but went around the places not only to seize or burn the drugs after being seized from the drug users but the union has warned and sent these youths to Rehabilitation Centers after the consent of the relatives of these youths.
The objective of Myntri Rangbah Duh is to promote the development of effective and efficient health services.
Answering a question regarding the film, Bah Kit did not explain why he wants the public to understand when they go to see the film, but he said that there is a difference between the film. Pop and Pap will understand only when they go to see.
e.1.
To prevent tragic incidents, the Police have taken measures to conduct patrols in various parts of the city," he said.
In his speech, the Prime Minister praised the Army for its great service to India and said that they should preserve the dignity and morality of the Army to protect the country. in Ri.
Shillong, July 19: The death toll from the State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA) today has risen to
There are 71 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 33 from West Garo Hills, 29 from West Garo Hills, 5 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from South West Garo Hills and 2 from South West Garo Hills. 4903 people.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the efforts have not progressed in the following years and it was only after 2014 that the issues have been resolved by this Government.
The Deputy Commissioner of South Garo Hills, Chinmay P Gotmare, said that the shooting incident happened at 11.45 pm today at Rongdotchi. and he came to Tyre.
He said that the governments in the past should take action on this issue, said Dr Mukul.
The State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights should have a hot line telephone where people can complain immediately if there is any child abuse. but the rules.
On the other hand, the KSU South West Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) has sent a letter to the KSU South West Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) on Tuesday. my team to go to that place to find out the truth.
At the same time, the Chairman said that according to the sub rule, the Governor of the State is allowed to appoint an Interim CEM and two Executive Members to run the office until the House. The dorbar shall elect a new CEM of the dorbar.
When SP News Agency spoke to some of the Riewhadem farmers, they said that there are days when they can sell because it depends on the arrival of tourists.
He said that the salary of the market vendors is to help them because the salary of the Hima is 1800 per month.
Speaking at the public meeting to inaugurate the new Civil Sub Division, the Chief Minister said that the people of Pynursla are fortunate to have a C&RD Block, a Police Station. and now the Civil Sub Division where the government also wants to bring its services closer to the people.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul was the chief guest on the opening day of the festival.
This area has never dreamed of receiving such a project worth tens of crores.
He added that the method of slaughtering and slaughtering cows is not as usual by humans and all of them are powered by electricity.
However, Bangladesh will now receive 281 hectares of land from Meghalaya and the land to Bangladesh is from Lobachera to Lyngkhat.
Better connectivity among states, KVKs, vendors has brought success in providing information and services to farmers.
Therefore, for the sake of the welfare of the people from Meghalaya to other states, we give our full support to these AJYWO, KSU, HNYF who have come forward with the protest against the This is the responsibility of the State Government.
He said that the father of the nation, Mahatma Gandhi, avoided protests that could cause injuries even though he was in the midst of trouble during the struggle against the British rule.
In a letter signed by the president of the union, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, he said that due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the government has not been able to invite youth and this has affected their age.
Furthermore, it has implemented technology to make it easier and more convenient for its drivers to transport goods around without any hassle.
Not only that, to prove further that Ramesh Dkhar and his relatives are not blood relatives and relatives of the Kur Dkhar, one of the cousins ​​of Ramesh Dkhar He married a woman from Tongseng East Jaintia Hills and they now have five children.
Regarding the admission of B.Ed students in 2022, it will be for 160 students, and there is only one such school in the state in Tura. The call for applications has ended. The HITO demands that the government should increase the recruitment quota for students.
The scheme was implemented due to the impact of the lockdown on the households who have ration cards AAY and PHH.
On the other hand, the Deputy Speaker sent photographs of the deceased along with their names and they are Kasturi Devi, Chiganlal, Saroj, Satya, Mahavir and Heera. I live in Upper Kench's Trace Shillong.
The Mawsynram Constituency Development Society (MCSD) has promised to support Bah Pynshngain after he promised to build a house for the people of Mawsynram in Shillong and a library in Mawsynram. if he wins again this time.
On the 17th of July, 2024, Bottle Rockets India will perform for 10 hours.
The Missionaries of Charity was founded by Sister Mother Teresa and is headquartered in Kolkata. She has also received the Noble Peace Prize.
On the 21st, police arrested Predikson A. Sangma alias Ara while he was on his way to collect the money demanded from the complainants from Rongjeng Reserve Forest.
The Pradhan Mantri Poshan Shakti Nirman (PM POSHAN) scheme is funded by the Central Government to provide food to Bal Vatika children and students in classes I-VIII in government and aided schools. government.
“Now with the increase in prices, firstly, we feel that it is appropriate to formulate some policies and some Base Rates on the basis that we can give land to different Agencies and all these will be The prices differ from the State Government and the Central Government and to the Private Sector, and there are prices that have already been set.
The ceremony was conducted by MH Dkhar.
Speaking to media after the swearing-in ceremony, the CEM said that Bah Bindo is an intelligent person because as an MDC he has won seven terms. He has held all the high positions within the KHADC, such as CEM, Chairman, Leader of the Opposition.
He said that within 10 days, the Committee will start convening a meeting to discuss the border settlement.
On this occasion, several burning places and places where illegal rnga were hidden were also seized.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: Many houses have been destroyed by heavy rain and cold weather in nine districts of the state on Tuesday. lng up to 483 times.
Rev JJM Nichols Roy was born in Mawsawiat village under the Shella Confederation on July 12, 1884. He is the son of Syiem Tirot Singh of Nongkhlaw Hima. began to study at Laba School.
Shillong, Lber 28: In June 2021, the MDA government announced that Amit Shah does not want to meet with Meghalayans in Delhi but wants to stay overnight. MLAs and civil society groups on the ILP, the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule, and many other issues affecting the state. our.
The Chief Minister praised the Tourism Department for doing this, as the purpose of this is to show that in Shillong there are buildings which are more than 100 years old and which have a long history of of the story behind them, but these could not be made public.
He said that the party remembers him because without land there is no nation.
The Government has taken action for this.
Therefore, there is a need to fulfill one's duty and at the same time to ensure the protection of rights.
The reason is that the election is coming and then the Dorbar Mang Tyngka of the state, so now that I have been able to go to Delhi and discuss this issue, the hope has come back to the people to start again. scheme in the state.
He said that the state is full of talented people and the Shillong Chamber Choir has raised it to a new level.
This format will have the first, second and third pages, the first and second pages will be kept within the police department for correction and the third will be given to the youth to understand what is they write, this will escape prosecution.
John F Kharshiing, today informed the Minister of Law, Home and District Council Affairs, that the KHADC authorities have not taken action against the State Government on the letter of recommendation from the MHA. Their intention is revealed through the Appointment and Succession of Chiefs and Headmen Act 1959 which is an Act which has degraded the status of Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Wahadars and Dolloi. Ministers, Basans, Syiems, Lyngdohs, Bongthai Raids, Rangbah Shnongs and Sordars within the border of Khasi and Jaintia Hills, and the example shows that the KHADC authorities have not believed until today. Even after four reminders of the request to convene the Dorbar Hima Mylliem and this has turned into a loss to the people of the Hima Mylliem, to get a clean and transparent governance, can also be seen from They record that it is surprising that there are only many Acting Chiefs in Mylliem Syiemship.
In Arts, 27 candidates were sent to write the examination, of which 26 candidates passed, three candidates came first, 12 came second and 11 came third.
The Minister in charge of Community and Rural Development, Government of Meghalaya, Bah Hamletson Dohling was also present at the meeting.
During the inspection, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, said that there is no hope to repair the dewbilat factory from many sources, including the cost of repairing the factory.
The FDA has to go out and be heard by the court later this month to investigate these vapes including Juul and Vuse.
Shillong, June 23: Students from the North East who are studying in Punjab this year have been able to hold the 4Northeast Fiesta in Punjab to showcase the culture of the region. state.
The training was held at the Multi Purpose Hall, Mawkyrwat on the 29th and 30th of this month.
The injection was conducted by the staff of the hospital in the presence of the doctors in charge of the hospital.
Police have also seized weapons suspected to be used in the IED blast and all four persons are from Umsning area.
Police who received information about the incident immediately rushed to the scene and found that Bah Bansiew Khongklian from Phlangshlain village had fallen from the bottom of the river until he reached the top of the road. Yomiki Kharshandi was found alive by the SRT team and lying lyngktop with injuries to his legs.
The Bill contains seven Chapters, 48 ​​Sections and three Schedules. Key points: Regulation and Update: It will address the need to regulate and update the rules for various broadcasting services. within a single legal system.
Gloucester Nongbet will receive the Sangeet Natak Academy Amrit Award for his contribution to the development of traditional music in Meghalaya.
The deadline for submission of application forms will be the 28th of this month, said Bah Hunlang Lytan General Secretary.
Police have launched a search operation to track down the MLA of Mawhati who is accused of raping a 14-year-old girl.
These DSPTs have already been installed in all the offices of the Deputy Commissioners in the state, and in several blocks. send messages from one place to another if there is any natural disaster.
He said that water testing will also be conducted in different districts of the state to ensure that the drinking water supply of the people should be safe.
Shillong, July 06: U Bah Disparsing Rani speaking on the proposal of the JACSO, SSSS, HYC, HNYF, MIYF, HNYF, WKSU, SPDF, HANM, SSSS, Umjarain, FKJGP and SWKYF. HNLC to be the ksiang in the peace talks with the central government, as reported today, said, “I don't have to see whether I will decide whether to be the ksiang or not. cannot be decided".
The three arrested were identified as Tensing Khaonglah from Lapang, Markos Khongsan from Nongtyngur and Willson Mukhim from Mawpat.
He said that the election of the Lyngdoh of the Hima should be by the children of the Hima but not only by the four Lyngdohs who have been elected in the past years.
The allocation for them in 2018 was only T.97 crore while it was allocated to 2903 cooperatives which have now increased to 94.5% where the funds have been sent through there are 36,070 jobs.
He said Meghalaya has the longest and longest crematoria in India.
Due to the severity of his injuries, they could not speak to him and he was taken to hospital for treatment.
It is also impossible for the leading countries to mine this mineral resource only from the areas inhabited by the minorities.
The Chairman of the Council announced that the election for the post of Chief Executive Member will be held on Tuesday.
What has affected the party is that there has been a report in the media that there has been a corruption of T.149 crore which was written according to the CAG report. “According to the allegation, the award of the contract has been too high, the price is the same as the award of the work is too high, but they accept this,” he said. Synergy.
The HNLC sends its condolences to all the family members and the HNLC will continue to remember Bah Che as a founder and a strong leader. Shillong, Nailar 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that those involved in the bomb blast at Shillong Market in Laitumkhrah today will be severely punished.
Kevinstrong who got distinction in all subjects and scored 454 marks.
Shillong, July 27: U Bah Overwell Lyngdoh, Secretary of the VEC in Wahlang Village, on Tuesday said that the delay in the implementation of NERGS schemes in the village is due to the lack of Block Development Officer of Sohiong, Bah B Syngoh.
“My wish, if I win, is to bring good governance through the Legislative Assembly,” said Bah Ban. “My wish is to bring good governance through the Legislative Assembly. , to bring benefits to the people of the region and the state through policies to be made, such an MLA who will benefit the people who have many problems and suffering in the society”.
The 11-year-old son of Christina Mynsong was taken to Nazareth Hospital, Shillong for treatment, while three others are still undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
: The Meghalaya High Court has ordered the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) to immediately repair the damaged National Highway-6
Shillong, Nailur 27: The KSU WJHDU has announced that members of the KSU WJHDU will leave for Lapangap to support the paradoh parasnam who have been attacked by the Karbi people who have not robbed the Khasi fields.
Shillong, Nailar 24: There have been 162 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 88 cases in West Khasi Hills and 20 cases in West Khasi Hills. The total number of cases so far is
This is the second time that Bah John has contested the MLA election from Nongkrem Constituency. Bah John contested the MLA election in 1998 from the UDP. come or two.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit has sent a letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Minister of Home Affairs of the State Government, demanding the immediate withdrawal of the BSF. who set up the checkpoint at Sonapyrdi.
Under this scheme, Village Health Councils (VHCs) headed by Rangbah Shnongs in different villages will be responsible for monitoring and evaluating the performance of ASHAs in the delivery of health services.
This machine is too old and this machine is now 30 years old and the PHE department has been repairing it the same way. Mawiong's water well is from Umshing. ei can get water.
Momin (West Garo Hills District)(Gold) Dimsrang Salgrik Ch.
The Development Department of the North East Region has expressed its gratitude to the Deiriti Department, the villagers and the people who took part.
After the union in the past years has found and witnessed with its own eyes this widespread practice which pollutes not only the rivers but these practices can also destroy even the drinking water wells and the health.
In the morning they leave Mairang and travel to Mawngap, and in the afternoon they leave Mawngap and travel to Shillong.
The group from Tripura, which demanded its own Tripaland, from Meghalaya, Garoland and Khasi-Jaintia states and Gurkhaland from West Bengal.
The Ksehkohlong Village Council has lodged an FIR with the Nongstoin Police Station regarding the spread of these injections in the area. .P Lynch.
Shillong, June 28: The North Eastern Electric Power Corporation Limited (NRPC) has appealed to the Ministry of Power if the Meghalaya government fails to pay the electricity bill of T.243.34 crore. .
He said that as of now, the village will not allow anyone to come and sell shops in this area until another order is issued.
The KSU leaders were shocked by what Amebaaihunsha said and which shocked the minds of the leaders when they heard the words from I Ba “We must work hard to be ahead of others. The Jaitbynriew is proud of the fact that the Jaitbynriew will continue to rise higher in education.
Shillong, July 14: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that one person from East Khasi Hills District has tested positive for COVID-1 cases from Hills and 3 cases from Bhoi.
The party did not demand anything for them but for the people.
The Minister said that regarding drug abuse in the state, there is a need to have checkpoints according to the latest technology and this will help to take a quick decision to punish the perpetrators. snow and that house judgment.
The Chief Minister said that this new era is not only about the books but how to implement government schemes to bring about change in the state.
Therefore, these vehicles have been returned along with the people to their places of origin with the understanding that they should not come without proper documents.
In Meghalaya, there are only two seats.
On the other hand, the police have seen false news and there is a threat to the peace and order and have directed the public not to spread false news without verification.
Is the judgment of the NCST, a government agency appointed under Article 338A of the Constitution of India, wrong? The border dispute in Meghalaya is due to the failure to fulfill the provisions of the IOA & AA where the Khasi states have been forcibly occupied within the border of Assam since 1950 and have been ruling by force. through the Sixth Schedule.
Shillong, Iaiong 12: The 58-GTC troops have blocked the road to Mawshabuit village this evening and this has angered the people. that man was injured.
More than 2 crore poor people have received free health care under the Ayushman Bharat Yojna and many health related activities have been arranged through the Ayushman Bharat Digital Mission, he said.
The central theme of the discussion at the celebration of Officers' Day was, “The services provided by officers in Meghalaya, and the challenges ahead”.
Out of the 20,000 per annum, only 1,500-2000 people get government jobs while the remaining 18,000 people are unemployed.
Speaking to reporters, Agens Kharshiing, President of CSWO, said that the civil society organizations will not rest but will fight until they get their demand that the government should implement the CSWO. ILP in this state.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah John F.Kharshiing expressed his pleasure to witness the Elite Pathway Program for the athletes of Meghalaya.
While the target was to provide drinking water to 1.17 lakh households in 2019-20, only 1,800 households have been completed.
The areas under Mawpat Block, the areas under Mylliem Block, Madanriting, Mawblei, Laitkor, Nongkseh, Umlyngka, Lawsohtun, Diengiong and Siejiong.
In the meeting, the Seng recalled the meeting between the Seng and the VC held on 16th July 2023 where the Seng demanded to give special permission to the Khasi youths who apply for jobs at various levels. Furthermore, the Seng in the meeting said that the presence of Khasi youth in various departments of NEHU will bring about a more complete service because of their ownership of the university. NEHU is located in the State.
The fire trucks which arrived at Raj Bahvan have demonstrated their skills in how to deal with any fire to protect and evacuate with the security forces in case of any fire.
In the video, it appears that this person came from outside the state and on the second day of this visit, there was no check on those who entered and left the gates. Byrnihat and Mawlai were also involved.
Shillong, Lber 12: The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District, Pravin Bakshi, on Tuesday said that after inspecting the damage caused to houses in Dalu area by the Erlangthari earthquake this morning, On Saturday, between 30 and 40 houses were affected.
As the Head of NEHU, he also started training on how to create jobs as was done at Tura Campus in West Garo Hills to produce ngap. and will start with its students, which currently have 5000 jobs.
Dozens of employees of the All Meghalaya Malaria Program Workers Association (AMMPWA) have started their strike despite not receiving permission from the Deputy Commissioner. of East Khasi Hills District even though they have already applied.
During her arrival in Shillong, she met with the students of Shillong College and they discussed this issue and she said that wherever she goes she gets the support to fight against this issue. violence against women.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the heads of various banks.
Lamphrang said that to include the Khasi language in the fifth schedule requires the cooperation of all the 60 MLAs of the state.
She added that if anyone violates any of the curfew measures, they will be punished under the provisions of the Disaster Management Act 2005 and IPC by the law enforcement authorities.
However, as it appeared in the media on 16.11.2017, it has come to the notice of the Governor that the complaint is still in the hands of the Governor.
After Bangladesh gained independence, the Bangladesh Border Guard honored this brave soldier.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, President of the HYC, said that the government will take action to look into the matter. They have already ordered that the university should leave this place.
The Act clearly states the responsibility of the State Government, Municipal, Village Authorities and others to ensure clean water to the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: Regarding the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya, Assam has been giving various reasons and this shows that they do not want to resolve the issue. Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said that the government has issued a statement on the border with Meghalaya.
When it comes to tourism, many tourists when they leave are filled with sadness when they see the condition of the roads especially the roads because they are very bad.
The NPP leader said whether the government has been willing to provide assistance of T.50,000/- to the victims.
The fire broke out at around 1:00 pm and is believed to have been caused by an electrical fault.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The cultivation of syieng in Meghalaya has extended from Jaintia Hills to Garo Hills and the production of syieng in the state has increased significantly and the export of syieng from this state has increased significantly. a lot of.
When asked whether the government will send back to the Governor to request for the Administrator Rule in KHADC, the Minister said the government is looking into the incident in GHADC. he said that the matter is in court.
Shillong, July 25: U MLA of 17-North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum together with officials of Mawkhar Dorbar Shnong in the presence of officers from the Shillong Municipal Board and PWD, today inspected the road. Mawkhar village has been damaged due to the bus protest this month.
The Minister felt that Panchakarma is a powerful treatment and said that this treatment can fight against many serious diseases.
Sampath Kumar, IAS, Principal Secretary, Health Department, Government of Meghalaya, expressed his views: “The availability of clean blood is essential for the management of health. Department of Health.
“We will wait two days for the government to withdraw and change this plan, the Garo have a part and they will go to their own place,” said Robert.
Seven Working Presidents were also elected at the meeting, namely Paul Lyngdoh, Titosstarwell Chyne, Moonlight Pariat, Donbok Khymdeit, LC Momin and Lahkmen Rymbui.
The BSF troops have patrolled the border with Bangladesh to curb the smuggling of alcoholic beverages.
On the other hand, the MLFOA and the Dorbar Ki Khlieh Nongsynshar have expressed the need for the State Government and District Councils including the landowners, the Khlieh Nongsynshar to have an Act recognizing the land tenure system. in Meghalaya from sacred law, kur law, private law, village law and others.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the High Level Committee meeting of FKJGP-SWKHD held at Mawkyrwat today, Bah A Nongrem President of FKJGP-SWKHD said that the party after the government announced that it will seek The ANVC-B has not held hands because it is concerned about the government's plan and has gone to consult with the villages across the district. He said that South West Khasi Hills District is a district that has just been allocated recently and still needs many government departments and development works. , because as it is now, even the DSC which the ANVC-B has been demanding for a long time since getting the district has not been successful yet. region.
In this regard, the Prime Minister of the country has promised to look into this.
Chennamma, the Queen of Kittur.
““It will be encouraged to run the village authorities themselves and to allow women to speak freely in the management of their affairs and this we believe will help Meghalaya to get more assistance from the central government to implemented in the State,” said the Prime Minister.
Ranveer Singh Shakhtawat, Deputy Inspector General, said that the Civic Action program conducted by the BSF has brought about many changes in many areas especially in the case of school children. , Border Security Force, Sector HQ Mawpat, Shillong, congratulated the people for their success in the coming days in all aspects.
He said many people had come to the party for the ticket.
The Naya Pakistan Group (NPG), which operates from Pakistan, has a network of YouTube channels and other channels. These channels have 35 lakh subscribers and the views of the videos on these channels have reached 55 crore.
The Seng as it supports from time to time to various Sengbhalang who are protesting and demanding the implementation of ILP in the state including the Synjuk Samla Shnong Upper Shillong stands to support in all the protests of the Sengbhalang for the issue. This is according to a statement sent by SSSS Upper Shillong Circle Secretary Donbok Thabah.
"Modi's VIPs are those who are poor, suffering and for those who face closed doors when they go to offices," he said. poor in the country you are a VIP in front of you.
“We are the Khasi people and we need to do this and you should not listen to the words of one or two people,” said the CEM. In a statement, the HNLC supports the Bill passed by the KHADC on the deprivation of the rights of Khasi women. outside the nation.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Mawlai Town Dorbar Committee (MWC) on Tuesday decided to allocate land to the government in Mawroh for the construction of the Mawlai C7RD Block.
Shillong, Naitung 02: U Bah Macmillan Byrsat, President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Chairman of the Meghalaya State Law Commission (KHADC), today handed over the letter to the CEM of Khasi Hills District. Titostarwell Chyne has passed the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Bill, 2021 after a special committee appointed by the government to look into the bill.
Shillong, March 24: The HYC, HANM, RBYF, EJNC and GSM today met to discuss the issue of civil society groups from Khasi and Jaintia Hills. on issues that affect the entire Hynniewtrep people.
However, due to the spread of COVID-19, the work had to be suspended for two months but resumed in January.
Shillong, July 28: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong City today under the leadership of Samla Enlang Sawian General Secretary once again distributed relief goods to 71 households in Jaiaw, Lumshyiap and Lumpyllon.
We want to know who are the authorities to issue the Challan to transport the coal if it is not under the authority of the Director? asked Bah Dkhar.
Darius was the daughter of Libon Uriah.
Balawan Suchiang was elected President, Vice President Wompher Tyngkan General Secretary Wympherki Tyngkan and Asst.General Secretary Johny Sayoo Finance Secretary Shaphrangki Dhar, Sport Secretary Decorate Schiang, Publicity Secretary Pale Teibormi Sten and other office bearers and 10 members of the Executive Committee.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: Today, 68 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 24 from East Khasi Hills, 18 from West Jaintia Hills, 9 from Ri Bhoi, 8 from West Garo Hills, 5 from South Garo Hills and 2 from South Garo Hills. West Garo Hills 2, 995 cases have been confirmed.
Before the start of the Rongbiria, the flag of the Seng Khasi was raised by the Acting President of the Seng Khasi, Rangbah O.Pyngrope and afterwards by Rangbah Skor Jala who is the Chairman of the Riewtymmen Riewsan of the Seng Khasi. Rangbah O. Pyngrope and General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Rangbah Hainess Marbaniang gave a short speech.
He said that the construction of this road from Shillong to Dawki will also attract tourists as the state has beautiful hills and valleys. side.
This is a huge advantage for them because it is not just in the explanation but they get the training.
This may seem uncomfortable for some people.
BSF today seized a large quantity of sarees from Muktapur village in West Jaintia Hills District after the people who were carrying these sarees to send to Bangladesh threw them into the forest to escape. The sarees seized are worth more than 5 lakh tyngka.
The KSU North Khasi Hills District strongly condemns the destruction and abandonment of children in Madan Umwang Village and other villages in the border area with Assam.
To complete this process, and ensure that the new leadership is ready to engage with government, we need time.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Minister, Conard K Sangma, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
The PCF has allowed him to stand and contest the Lok Sabha elections because he is already a person who has already contested this election. Man has been prominent, and also man has carried out responsibilities in society so it is better for him to go prominent, also other political parties have supported him. He said that KHNAM and HSPDP have given their full support to him.
During the search operation, police recovered a pla containing a lot of money belonging to a woman on 3/11/2022 at Lumding Railway Station on train No.12068 DN, Jan Shatabdi Express. The woman was arrested and handed over to the Lumding Police Station.
The North East has experienced lakhs and millions of refugees in the states of the region since East Pakistan was at war with Pakistan. Since 1971, there have been about 8,000 refugees. 54,038 Bengali Hindus who have fled to Meghalaya are those who have registered, but those who have not registered are still counting.
The scrutiny will be held on the 31st June 2018 from 10 am to 3 pm at the office of KSU JHDU. names of members to take part in the election of office bearers of KSU JHDU for the term 2018-2
This will always be in terms of small amounts regardless of the amount of two thousand rupees.
In this regard, an information program was held at ATS Kyortyrkhang, Khliehtyrshi West Jaintia Hills District.
Bah Mayralborn expressed his gratitude to the Hima Mylliem, Hima Khyriem, Raid Nongtluh and others who have been able to preserve the culture and traditions. teach them from generation to generation to preserve the customs and traditions.
The Arm Fight was supported by the Sports Department of the State Government and other volunteers.
There are 162 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the country today, 51 from East Khasi Hills, 28 from West Garo Hills, 23 from South West Khasi Hills, 19 from Ri Bhoi and 13 from North Garo Hills. The total number of recoveries is from all districts, the total number of recoveries is 90522 cases.
The Minister said that Meghalaya is still free of COVID-19 and if there are any cases, he will treat them only at Civil Shillong and Civil Tura.
D– refers to a short stick,– refers to a cloth item such as thir ksai, plakot- refers to a plate made of paper and a plate carrying books, korsuhjaiñ- ka thew ia the kor that is made of cloth,– the thew is the ksai that is bright like a rusom,– the thew is the coat that rises or falls in the air.
Meat and fish shops have been allowed to open 15% of the total number of shops and jhur shops have not been allowed to open. and the kingdom should deploy police officers and auxiliaries in an adequate manner to ensure that they follow the rules as prescribed.
The abduction of these men has left their relatives in shock as they were arrested without an arrest warrant or without giving a reason why they were arrested and without telling where they will be taken.
“He said that the party urges the people to cooperate and take the time to escape from any exploiters as happened with the arrest of two foreigners (Nepalis) from Lumshyiap. Nongmensong which they intend to disrupt the peace and order in the village.
Shri Rahul Gandhi, MP & Vice President, AICC, asked about the governance especially in the city and how the rulers conduct their dorbars and said that the principles of the dorbars are the same for the whole country. India is watching because they are based on the right foundations and follow the explanations of Mahatma Ghandhi, who was determined to have an India that empowers the people even within the Dorbar Shnongs.
Sanam Sanam, Hybrid Theory, Kenny Musik, 4th Element will perform on the opening day of the festival. , The Band Phantasm, DBRYN, Gwyneth, Dalariti, CYCO, Aminio, Dr Legend, and Chevinia and these talented musicians have had to stop.
“The current NEHUSU is determined to take action against these illegal activities by any employees, officers or teachers against the students,” said the Union.
On the occasion, the Minister also distributed checks to several groups to plant seeds under the Integrated Basin Development and Livelihood Promotion Programme. more details on the varieties of soh from the village and area to develop them in agriculture.
Speaking to the members of the JAC, he said that the KHADC will not allow the Hima to allocate land from one area to another. Hima to another Hima without proper information as this has caused confusion on the border of the Hima and especially on the border with Assam.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The total number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Shillong today is 161, 28 from East Jaintia Hills, 105 from East Khasi Hills and 105 from East Khasi Hills. Ri Bhoi 9, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 12, West Khasi Hills 1, South West Garo Hills
On the other hand, Bah Manstudy Nongrem wanted to know how many MDCs are in the opposition and few are in the ruling session. Mr. PT Sawkmie and Mr. Tenwell Dkhar.
In connection with this incident, police from Ri Bhoi District, Umiam Police Station, have arrested three persons identified as Kyrshan Lyngdoh Marbaniang, Meljohn Ramshon and Umiam Police Station. Ropsing Fireman.
Sirdar Hima Mawdon, Bah H Skhemlon, in a meeting with Shri Mukul Roy, MP, expressed the concern of the people and the chiefs. All the border crossings with the Indo-Bangla border in Meghalaya have been closed.
The UDP is one of the groups within the Executive Committee of the People Democratic Front (PDF) led by Bah PN Syiem as Chief Executive Member. type of mat.
Treiborlang R Suchen said that about 98% of the West Jaintia Hills District and East Jaintia Hill District sometimes fall under the rural areas. days to extend the curfew.
And this Indianness is not limited to us.
It has also struggled to articulate community needs and environmental solutions.
He spoke about aspects that protect children’s reputations and the role of the media in protecting children’s rights.
Finally, we extend our right hand to the leaders of JHTOA to continue to demand until they get their rights as set by the state government and we also request our brothers and sisters to support us. JHTOA concludes the statement by Chemi Phawa.
The Jal Jeevan Mission is funded by the Ministry of Jal Shakti, Government of the Union Government to provide clean drinking water to all residents of the country by 2024 in rural areas across India. .
In a letter of support to the Executive Committee of the People's Democratic Forum (PDF) in KHADC, the Congress MDC said that from today he will support the EC led by Bah PN Syiem. KHADC doesn't have any rules.
Speaking on the occasion, Deborah Ch Marak, Minister of School Affairs, said that the Rongjeng Administrative Unit will be opened before the 15th of November.
The MTDC encourages the people to come forward to set up tourist accommodation known as “Home Stay” as the number of tourists to the state has increased from year after year.
“Economic development does not remain limited to budget, tenders, foundation stone laying and public releases,” said the Prime Minister. it is the result of a change in our goals, decisions, priorities and way of working.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: U Wanbor Khardewsaw, one of the members of the HNLC, known as Lung and William from Pyndensohsaw village, has surrendered to the police on Tuesday.
There are 108 HSSLC examination centers and 159 SSLC examination centers in 12 districts of the state.
At present, Domiasiat is one of the villages that is against uranium mining and we can say that it is one of the villages that does not have a single school.
In his speech, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah Peter S Dkhar, said that this project will help the poor of the state especially the people of Khasi Jaintia.
New Delhi, Lber 03: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) today ordered the Union Home Secretary, Union Government to respond to the apology letter of Holiram Bordoloi. Assam who has been sentenced to death.
Total recoveries on Saturday 24/4/2021 are 148, East Khasi Hills 113, East Jaintia Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 4, West Jaintia Hills 26, West Khasi Hills 14384 people.
Pastor Phawa said that the takeover of this building is not the end, but it is only the beginning, as the KJPA still needs to get the funds from the MLCU which is very large, and then to change the building. The meeting was organized by the MLCU, in which the KJPA also participated.
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club, Das said that the group has their card at the price of T.999/- tyngka and this card is valid for life and from the same the card can add up to four people.
Police have urged the public to join hands to arrest the perpetrators.
New Delhi, k.
In connection with the assistance of them, the Shnong has expressed its gratitude to the Shnong for taking the initiative and it is a victory. The village has been working hard to ensure that the police are able to complete their duties.
The MP election in Garo Hills will also discuss the work of the Congress government led by Dr Mukul Sangma. NPP (SP News).
We will listen to the voice of the people from all ethnic groups before we submit our recommendations to the regional committees of the two states,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: U Bah Michael Kharsyntiew, who lost his ticket from the BJP party, today announced that he will contest the MLA election from 17-North Shillong as an independent candidate. syllok and supporters.
Other leaders of the party from the Central Body including Bah Kyllang Thongni, Vice President and Incharge of West Khasi Hills, were also present.
The number of affected districts is East Khasi Hills 2502, West Khasi Hills 175, South West Khasi Hills 296, Ri Bhoi 629, West Jaintia Hills 593, East Jaintia Hills 174, West Garo Hills 372, South Garo Hills 92, East Garo Hills 116 and North Garo Hills
General Secretary of the Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee Jagdeep Singh said there are some issues which have not yet been decided and which will have to be decided from another side.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Leader of the Congress Legislative Party in the Legislative Assembly and the Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that the issues will be discussed with the AICC leadership to resolve them within the party. you party.
At these two places, they also distributed leaflets to the public to explain the dangers of COVID-1
The roads used by the smugglers are from Khanapara – Jowai to Sonapur; Khanapara-Ladrymbai-Rymbai; Khanapara-Shillong-Pynursla.
Shillong, November 06: The Chairman of the Ri-Bhoi Tourism and Environment Development Forum (RBTEDF) Bah Plielad Tiewsoh on Tuesday said that the party has decided to hold a two-day Native Fiesta in Umiam to promote the country's economy. To promote tourism in the state and especially in Ri Bhoi District.
At a public event organized by the Martin Luther Christian University in Nongpoh through the Department of Tourism, it was said that in India, Uttarakhand, Assam and Meghalaya, the influx of tourists from abroad is more than this struggle for women.
In sending these new notes, the RBI has directed that the 500 notes should not be issued to the public from bank counters, but should be deposited only inside ATMs. to seize the people.
According to the NCTE Norms which came into force on 23rd August 2010, the teachers to be appointed must have passed HSSLC with 45% marks and not only that, they must have completed a 2 year Diploma in Elementary Education ( D.EL.Ed) and  4 years  Bachelor in Elementary Education (B.EE) and 2 year Diploma in Education (Special Education ).
These certificates were handed over by the Rangbah Dong Victor Khongmen to Bah M.Kharkhrang, MPS Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills. Traffic), Shillong.
The union has taken the initiative to do the right thing so that the students from Jaintia Hills will be happy to write the examination at their centers which have been prepared for them and to avoid the corruption of the examination officers and it will go smoothly. walk slowly.
PN Syiem said the Mining Policy should be formulated within the provisions of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution and not following the provisions of the Mines and Minerals (MMDR) Act. The MMDC has been established by the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma.
He said that the rights of the two countries are intertwined and that the two countries have a common heritage and through the cooperation of India, Bangladesh is on the path of development. that par.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that as a leader in a small position as an MDC, he has tried to provide the most accurate and clean service. to distribute all schemes in a timely manner without discrimination for the benefit of the Constituency as a whole.
KSU CEC Umiam, Lber 22: The Central Executive Committee of the HSPDP today held a meeting at Orchid Umiam in Ri Bhoi District. “The party has urged all the political parties to work together in the MLA elections in 2023,” said KP Pangniang, President of the party.
Before the launch of the ambulance, the union has held a meeting to discuss the activities of the union. ILP, to include the Khasi language in the fifth schedule and to resolve the border.
The rice distributed through this scheme has not reached the dealers as expected and when the union tried to get information we heard that there is an allegation that the wholesalers receive less rice from the FCI and the dealers. They also receive less food from wholesalers which in the end it is the people who have to face the cut of kilograms of food items and who suffer.
According to the complaint, the SBI chief said that he received the letter from unidentified persons on the 12th of this month at 8.45 pm. They have been handed over to the Laitumkhrah Police Station. Police are conducting a search warrant to arrest these suspects.
The meeting also discussed the issue of landslide in the Purakhasia village where the Darong River flows, the Bandoraja FIP. and to address this problem, it is necessary to improve the scheme of the central government.
The competition was organized by the North East Magic Academy (NEMA) to commemorate the 17th death anniversary of Assam magician Jadu Samrat M. Hussein.
Saibon said he does not remember any discussion on the entry of people into the state or the ILP issue in the Legislative Assembly.
He said that Meghalaya has more than 8,000 adults living with HIV. Because of the violence against children, the Chairperson said that he has already requested the authorities to appoint an officer. Female police officers in police stations to work as child welfare police officers.
N. Mukhim, former MLA and Minister of State and also MDC from North Shillong constituency, Bah Alester Neville Diengdoh, former MDC from Riatsamthiah.
Shillong, Lber 25: The FKJGP Mawsynram, Lawbah, KSU Lawbah Unit, SKHYDO, HNYF Mawsynram and KYWO have formed a joint action committee. part to discuss and challenge in relation to development.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Executive Engineer of Jowai North Division, Jowai North Division, today said that the office of the Executive Engineer of Jowai North Division is in charge of only two roads. Mookaiaw and Raliang-Shangpung Constituencies.
The KSU leader said that when the KSU went to arrest the foreigners who set up the illegal market in Kalibari, it wanted the faces of the people of Mawlong to join the KSU because they are afraid of being killed. that one day they will be overshadowed by the proliferation of foreigners.
BS Sohlya, Chief Executive Officer, Shillong Municipal Board, said that the distribution of medicines will be held today only.
Bah Khongwir said that the attempt to own only one diminishes the greatness of the late Archbishop. He said that for him Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala is a great man who has come. until this stage, said Bah Khongwir.
The Minister in charge of Transport, Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare, in reply, said that until now there is a plan to extend the railway line to Shillong. I have received many objections to this.
Following this incident, the district leaders also ordered the arrest of several members of the North Khasi Hills District Unit.
Former Lok Sabha Speaker and MP, Shri PA Sangma, Dr Jitendra Singh suggested that the meetings to be held in the future should not be held. to be held in the states of the North East of India instead of in Delhi to better understand the region.
The Special Court under the POCSO Act of East Khasi Hills District has found that the two men, Mortonjune Kharbani and Lumding Syiemlieh, have committed the crime. you don't have a jait.
The truth is that billions of people have been forced to leave and there have been great thinkers from the Khasi Jaintia Hills who have stood firm until they won, but in the past fifty years these things have changed completely. Therefore, there is nothing that cannot be done by the Khasi leaders.
He said that at present, all the MDCs with the NPP are 19 in the 29-member Assembly.
TR Pdah said the JAC has not demanded that the government should pay the T.840 crore immediately because they understand the problem but they have stipulated that the government should start paying the T.840 crore immediately. pay from next June this year.
: After a complaint from the shopkeepers on the opening day of the Cherry Blossom Festival on Thursday due to the lack of supply as promised by the authorities on the rent of shops or stalls, the Minister of State State Government Bah Paul Lyngdoh assured that the State Government will ensure that the shopkeepers during the festival will not suffer any losses.
On the other hand, the DC of EJH has promised to write to the Home and Political Department to expel these two insurgents from the state.
There is no need to preach anywhere.
At this meeting, a petition was submitted to urge the Central Government to set up an animal feed factory in Meghalaya for the states of the North East.
He said that the central government releases this water every month.
At the same time, the Minister said that if the contractor has been able to complete the work within the stipulated time, he should be awarded and if he cannot complete it within the stipulated time, he should be awarded. Therefore, you should have the benefit of both sides, not just each other.
The Shad Suk Mynsiem in Shillong is usually held at Weiking Square in Jaiaw where thousands of people from Bri U Hynniewtrep take part.
The American band will perform in Shillong on the 29th of this month.
The players of Shillong Lajong are ready to face this strong team in India.
The Government of Meghalaya has launched the Early Childhood Development Mission (MECDM), which is also the first implementation initiative in the country.
On the other hand, the union expresses its gratitude to the MLA of this area, Bah Jason S Mawlong for his hard work in getting a scheme from the government to repair these two roads leading to Zero Point, at the same time. The union urges the MLA to talk to the PWD to complete the cleaning of the remaining road.
Also present at the commemoration ceremony was Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA North Shillong Constituency and his followers. Short speeches were delivered by Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO Central Body, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA and others. A 10 minute silence was held in front of the Mot Dur of Kiang Nangbah and the meeting was concluded by laying flowers at the Mot Dur of Kiang Nangbah. AJYWO Central Body, AJYWO East Jaintia Zone and Bah Adelbert Nongrum, along with his followers.
Since the implementation of the new scholarship in 2013, the students have not received a single scholarship. This is because the state government cannot spend even 10%.
For the smooth running of the session, the District authorities have enforced 144 CrPC around the House and this order will expire after the session of the Legislative Assembly. the state.
At the same time, with the cooperation of all the MLAs, it is hoped that the Legislative Assembly of the State can be built.
Maharashtra men's team and Rajasthan women's team won the 4th Senior Roll Ball Federation Cup organized by the Meghalaya Roll Ball Association. (MRBA) with the participation of 11 men's and women's teams from different states of India.
On the other hand, the Director of Health Services (DHS) said that this is an explanation that people should refrain and if they continue to come forward, the Department of Health and Family Welfare will not sit idly by but will. do what you need to do.
On that occasion, Bro Simon Coelho, Principal was the Chief Guest and launched the 'Rynsan' award and praised the Khasi Department for undertaking such activities for the benefit of the students.
Besides the Rangbah Shnongs, the leaders of the 88 VECs of C&RD Block Laskien, other speakers at the meeting were Bah C Lyngdoh, Dolloi Elaka Raliang, who gave a welcome speech.
The expenditure to treat diet and tobacco-related diseases accounts for around 5.3% of the national wealth, which amounts to Rs 13,500 crore annually to be spent on these health facilities and brings the loss of income due to inability to perform various jobs.
Currently, the app is helping the Meghalaya government to implement the most important scheme, MOTHER.
The HFU invites all farmers, farmers and all those involved in agriculture to come and take part in this meeting organized by the HFU at Mawkhar Dorbar Hall at 11 am in the morning.
In this regard, the Government has taken many measures to increase the production of milk in the state as drinking milk especially for children helps to improve the health of the children. to the body of the phad.
He was taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
Government officials B Chyne, Senior Inspector, PL Nongbet in the presence of Gaurav Bajaj, Joint Managing Director, RNB Cements, RS Sharma, President, and RD Singh, Vice President, was also present.
Mawkyrwat, July 3: After seeing through the media the lack of drivers to drive the Ambulance or 108 in Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District for the purpose of transporting the body of a person who died of COVID-19 from Nonglang Village. , South West Khasi Hills District on 31.05.2021 The Seng expresses its regret over this and would like to inform that the members of the Seng are now ready to come forward in such cases. There are no drivers to drive ambulances and
Speaking to reporters after filing her nomination, Iborina said, “What made me take this position is that I saw that there are no girls from 1-Shillong LS. I have decided to contest no matter what and take this part”.
On the same day, the Minister said that the library in Nongstoin has no one to look after it. The Minister said that the library will be built in Nongstoin. The Ministry of Arts and Culture to prepare the scheme.
We have taken this matter seriously as he (Bah Lamare) was arrested after returning from Nagaland,” said the DIG. The NLCN has joined the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA).
The first test after 14 days was negative, the second, third and fourth tests were positive and the fourth test was negative.
The BSF has stepped up its patrolling on the border with Bangladesh to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Central Executive Committee of the Hynniewtrep People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) on Tuesday approved the recommendation of the Organizing Committee to strengthen the work of the party in three areas. Ribhoi District, West Jaintia and East Jaintia.
The tournament will be sponsored by the Sports Department of the State Government and a total of 350 participants will take part.
"Prime Minister Duh said there are 100 schools in the country where children are building satellites and are preparing to launch them.
He said that RTI has been requested three times regarding the road in the village, but the reply is that T.33 lakh per kilometer has been allocated and for 1.80km the cost has been T.59 lakh. , without explaining how the money was spent.
There are 307 recoveries today, 205 from East Khasi Hills, 51 from Ri Bhoi, 28 from West Garo Hills, 8 from South Garo Hills, 7 from South West Garo Hills, 2 from West Jaintia. Hills 2, East Jaintia Hills 1 The total number of recoveries is
Shillong, Nailar 9: Plosimai Mawkhiew, 90, one of the Khasi medicine doctors, has passed away today.
Shillong, Lber 14: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit today dismissed his Executive Members. to the parties that support the Executive Committee.
However, in the past year, due to soil and climate changes, farmers have been severely affected and no more soh niamtra has been harvested.
Furthermore, the Chief Guest said that the Christian Churches have a great role to play in shaping not only the spiritual life but also the development of knowledge and humanity. man human beings to ensure peace and stability and to have a society that knows man and knows God.
The residents of Mawbidong-Manad area covers four villages and Nongnam area covers many villages. These villages are about 20km to 25km from the district headquarters of South West Khasi Hills. hills Mawkyrwat.
He said that the MSOA has supported those who go abroad through the Yes Meghalaya Programme.
“The authorities have not been able to protect the innocent and maintain peace and order in the State.
Shillong, March 04: KHNAM MLA Adelbert Nongrum has decided to nominate Esron Marwein for the mid-term elections from the 13-Mawrungkeng (ST) Assembly Constituency.
Every year, the deadline for submitting the forms is within the 20th of December so that they can conduct themselves or meet their own needs.
The students who received the awards are Elgivia Kharngi, Bakordor Jana, Ibanrisuk j.
Speaking as the chief guest, the CEM of KHADC said that he hopes that the people will see change in the state.
This is also the case for the land of five other coal factories in East Jaintia Hills.
The main issue in the petition submitted to the Minister of Home Affairs is that the ILP should be implemented in Meghalaya. the Khasi Garo language under Article 5 of the Constitution of India.
Shillong, July 11: Members of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia Garo People (FKJGP) Central Body on Monday visited Marten to inspect two solid waste management machines. The state has already installed these machines for six years but till now there has been no implementation of these SWM machines.
Prime Minister Duh’s presentation was filled with stories about his experiences in his myriad political and administrative roles.
A total of 40 mothers have been selected from all over India for the contest.
Referring to the assistance that the government has been providing to the organizations for two years, the struggle department has not provided anything to the organization, but the organization will not back down in this regard. Daly is the president of the party.
And we as a party cannot accept this action of the police.
“You see that women want to participate in the committees of the Dorbar Shnongs but the custom does not allow women to participate in the Dorbar Shnong committees,” said Bah Titos. The custom does not allow women to be members of the Dorbar Shnong.
Shillong, July 28: U Bah Suly Lyngdoh from Pongkung village, who has contested for the MLA election as an independent candidate, has joined the National People's Party (NPP) together with his supporters. MDC election in Mawsynram.
Shillong, June 30: The ICAR-National Institute of Animal Diseases (NIHSAD) Bhopal has confirmed that the number of pigs in Meghalaya has increased to have all contracted African Swain Fever.
There is nothing wrong with this tournament because the rules have been set and they have to follow the rules. On the part of these players, the government will help them. It is a member of the Meghalaya Taekwondo Association.
Many of the speakers at the meeting said that the road ahead is still long because many of the rebel groups whether paid or established have only one goal. you demand money.
Maybe after Christmas, they will sit down to take a decision,” said Bah Titos.
The KSU has raided banks from Mawiong, Mawprem, Stand Jeep, Garikhana, Upper Shillong, Mawkhar, Khyndai Lad, Barik, Malki, Laitumkhrah, Nongmensong and across the country.
On the other hand, HANM Women's Wing on the 21st of October last year held a march to express the problems faced by the people in the area.
As the Minister in charge of PWD, he said that the bridge should be repaired because the old bridge is too old and he hopes that before the rainy season, the bridge will be repaired. completed as all that remains now is to attach the steel bars to the bridge.
When it comes to the community, unemployment also affects the community, it leads to misunderstandings in the home and many of the evil deeds in the community come from “These youths are unemployed and this is due to the part-time suspension of education and the main reason is poverty in which they cannot complete their education,” said Bah Emlang Lytan, former president of the union. .
There will be no shortage of LPG in this area.
He said that the reason for the delay in submitting a complaint to the department is because these trucks using these challans have fled and some of them do not use number plates. not lying.
However, even after receiving these explanations from the CEM, these arsengs have not agreed with the Council to issue an order that all the employees of the Council who hold the post of Rangbah Shnong in their villages should resign. The Council itself does not have a law prohibiting the employees of the Council from holding the post of Rangbah Shnong.
The RRTS is a railway-based transportation system that is efficient and high-volume.
In previous years, the examination for these minor posts was conducted by the Staff Selection Commission of India, but for the past three years the examination has been conducted from Delhi. it is online which means it is available to the whole of India.
The KSU strongly urges the government to resolve these issues immediately otherwise the KSU will have to take strong measures to demand the rights of the Khasi students.
As president of the party, he congratulated all the party office bearers, such as Dr Mukul Sangma and other party office bearers and Charles Pyngrope who has worked hard, but the same is true. In the mid-term elections, the people in government win because the people want to get the benefits.
According to information received from the KJDSTA, the salary and arrear DA have been released to the Civil Deficit of the Government at the request of the DSEO Shillong. The Treasury Office has paid the salaries and wages of teachers since June
The village has investigated them and found that they do not have any transit pass, E-pass issued by the DC or Advisory Certificate and Quarantine Booklet. They have only a bus ticket from Guwahati to Silchar, but they are working in Meghalaya at Umkiang Border Fencing.
The Village Authorities, Amit R. Marak and Romen Ronghang, have expressed their sorrow over these incidents and accused the MeECL of not giving advance warning as it used to do in the past. depth.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The National People's Party (NCP) has announced three candidates for the MLA election to be held on the 27th of this month.
Police led by the Superintendent of Police (City) and Additional District Magistrate Bah Ronnie Wahlang on receiving information about the sudden turn of the HYC members at the Secretariat, immediately rushed to the Secretariat to explain to the leaders that the HYC members were injured. They shall not gather in front of the gate of the main office of the Government so as not to disrupt the traffic of vehicles passing in front of the road of the Main Secretariat.
According to police, the two men were traveling by bus from Agartala to Guwahati (AS-01-HC-9034).
On the other hand, Samla Redyonstone Nongrum Chairman Education Cell of the KSU said that if the Assam police continue to attack the Jaitbynriew, the KSU will have to think about what to do. you don't need to be in any way.
The important thing is that these trainings should reach those who are eligible for government assistance.
and why the party has collapsed in the state is only because the former party leaders have no responsibility.
At the same time, the HPWU will also talk to the government to set up an oil storage facility in Garo Hills as a depot for the entire region.
Goyal praised the steps taken by the Ministry of Ports, Shipping and Waterways to increase India's EXIM trade volume which has reached more than $450 billion in 2022-2
He said that the light in Ri Bhoi West these days is like a 'Leilieh' which suddenly turns on and goes out for days and months, while the bill they have to pay monthly to MeECL. “This lack of attention of the MeECL authorities to provide electricity has angered the people because they have lost all their jobs and it shows that there is something behind the corruption by the employees,” he said. Inform the workers that they just give reasons and blame the environment for the lack of trees especially during the rainy season and even during the rainy season the answer is the same.
On the part of the SP of East Khasi Hills, he wished a Merry Christmas to all.
The Prime Minister urged all the people to follow the rules and regulations announced by the government, to wear masks in public places by doing so as the people will join hands to fight against this is the COVID-19 pandemic.
Samuel Jyrwa Chairman of NESO said that the protest was to show to the government especially to the Joint Parliamentary Committee that the people of Northeast are against the proposal to bring in this amendment to the Northeast Act. residents.
The government has already released the budget in the last session only until the 30th of July.
This happened on Saturday last month when rawon from all over the country flocked to the khwai competition venue in Pamphyrnai.
Almost all the civil society organizations from Garo Hills attended the meeting to listen to what the government has to clarify and also asked questions to ask for clarification on what they do not understand.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the sellers of milk said that they did not know anything about the incident, but they were surprised that almost all the people in their shops were asking for milk.
Khliehriat, November 01 : FKJGP Khliehriat Circle today 1st November 2023 at 11 pm saw a truck unloading goods on the highway in Ladrymbai without thinking about the traffic of others. There was a traffic jam in the area and the vehicles coming from the side of the truck were forced to stop on the road. The truck has overturned the truck on the road and with the understanding that it is not allowed to unload goods in the morning in the central areas and areas that affect the traffic of many people due to the time of unloading. The market is open from 8 pm to 7 pm.
In November 2021, the Ministry of Health conducted a survey on Duma among teachers to assess their knowledge or attitude. 3986 teachers participated in the survey and 99% of the teachers who took part in the survey felt that students should be banned from using tobacco. want to ban the sale of tobacco.
The total number of recoveries today is 82, 46 from East Khasi Hills, 14 from West Garo Hills, 7 from East Jaintia Hills, 5 from South West Garo Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi. South Garo Hills 1.
On receiving this information, the police rushed to the bank to conduct a search operation.
"What is surprising is that when this Dkhar came, the workers closed the door without allowing anyone to enter.
The EC will also bring a decision in the House on the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) according to a letter written by the government to the District Councils in
On the other hand, the President of CSWO, Agnes Kharshiing, admitted that the video was distributed by the police and pointed fingers against TC Chacko and the IGP. GHP King.
He said that the purpose of setting up this club is to love and respect and promote our own traditional Khasi music and to pass it on to future generations. died from this world their talents were lost to them and no one followed up to preserve the songs.
During his visit, he said that Mizoram is a state that has improved in terms of education and the time has come for them to look for jobs across the country.
Superintendent of Police (City) Vivek Syiem in a statement today said that on 26th November this year, Sunita Das lodged a complaint with the police that her husband Arabindra Kr Das, 77, who left home at about 5 pm to go for a walk, has not returned home since the 25th of this month.
It should not affect the youth of this area.
1,02,23,619 Ayushman cards were issued during the Visit India Conference.
Surprisingly, they have not yet visited these border areas due to the Covid-19 pandemic, but in Delhi there is no Covid-19 case for the visit of Government Ministers while in the state, the Covid-19 pandemic has affected the people. loss of jobs especially day laborers.
This project is for the development of Eri ksai in Mizoram by focusing on bringing in activities related to these species from the breeding grounds, breeding of rusom, region and others.
On the installation of gates of the Karbi Anglong District Council in the areas under the jurisdiction of KHADC, the CEM said that the Council will install the gates in these areas and not to collect money. but to express the existence of the District Council.
The Federal Assembly shall consist of the Speaker, the Deputy Speaker and the Secretary of the Assembly.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) has invited all newspaper owners, editors and fellow journalists to attend the meeting of the Khasi Authors' Society at Madan Malki, Madan Malki. on November 22, 2018.
The youths from all over the districts of Meghalaya will come to take part in this meeting.
Shillong, November 02: The East Khasi Hills Police are hopeful that they will be able to file their chargesheets in 86 cases before the end of this month.
In his speech, he said that in this age, the party has lost all its equipment, it is at this time that the party should help each other to provide funds for the your members.
“The residents of Mawsynram village have been crying and lynñiar due to the shortage of water which has affected them so much that they have to take their own plate to the river to clean.
In Them Iewmawlong, the floods have caused a lot of trouble to pedestrians, shopkeepers, drivers and residents.
On 19th July 2017, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, announced through the media that the Railway Project will be suspended until further notice.
Shillong, Iaiong 03: The Khasi Jaintia Butcher Association (KJBA) has submitted two proposals to the government to reduce the price of beef. don't work on how to fight to reduce the price of beef in the market.
We expect that our members who understand the Reservation Policy and its 51 procedures will also be included in this Committee,” said KHNAM in a statement sent to the media through the Reservation Policy. Vice President Bah Thomas Passah.
Stressing on the importance of government procurement for the economy and society, she praised SCOPE for organizing the workshop on this important topic.
Shillong, Iaiong 30: At around 2.30 pm today, suspected robbers have stolen a Gypsy belonging to one of the policemen which was parked at the Police Station. Reserved Jowai, West Jaintia Hills District.
The officer in charge of Dawki Police Station said that the injured have escaped, according to the doctor who treated them.
Regarding 'ka land', the HSPDP, which is the oldest political party in the state, has promised to protect the ownership of the land, the culture and traditions of Ri Khasi. Jaintia according to its customs and traditions.
Because this will affect primarily the residents of at least 15 villages under the Hima Nongkhlaw, Hima Rambrai and Raid Mynsaw, the right to own land, farmland, farmland. forests, rivers, birds and animals including and joined in bringing about changes in the environment and others, the chiefs and the children of the thousands of these two kingdoms were requested.
It will also enable them to use networking to discuss trade issues and this may lead to trade relations between them after the Summit.
New Delhi, July 03: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has expressed his deep sorrow over the sudden death of Rural Development Minister Gopinath Munde in a car accident. today in Delhi.
In his speech, Prestone Tynsong said that the decline in income in the state is due to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma. Regarding the NGT, he said the prime minister has not listened to his suggestion to set up a committee to look into the ban on coal mining by the NGT, he said.
Speaking to SP News Agency, UDP Vice President Alan Warjri said the party has received a letter from the Mawphlang MLA requesting him to join the UDP. speak and welcome him to the party will be held in these days.
In this letter he wrote about a man who lived in that year, who was deeply moved by his stinginess and unwillingness to preserve Mei-Mariang.
There are 99 students who have completed their studies from 20213-2014 to 2020-2021 and 42 students have not yet informed the office whether they have completed their studies.
The award includes a certificate and gifts to these two policemen who have worked tirelessly in their duties.
There is a place to keep them in Quarantine Centers before allowing them to do various jobs. Who will take responsibility for the care and provision of these foreigners while they are placed in these places? unique.
On the other hand, Saleng alleged that the loss of her ticket from the Congress party was the fault of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
Mawkyrwat, July 26: U Bah Pius Marwein MLA of Ranikor on Saturday laid the foundation stone for the construction of a new church known as St. Cecilia Catholic Church in Photjaud Rangthong. Hills District.
All the groups who opposed the government's decision to open the Tamabil port have agreed with the statement of the KSU and JSU that if it is possible to wait until the end of November See how this disease is in Meghalaya and Bangladesh.
On the issue of trading license to foreigners, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani said that the union urges the district council not to issue trading license to foreigners but not to renew it. too.
Although hundreds of people involved in the incident have appeared carrying knives, silver and other weapons, not all of them have been arrested so far. people are not Kem.
Bah Renikton said that it cannot be said that the border villages are still backward and for this reason the people want development projects and they will turn around to accept development projects. I'm going to kill you.
: The Labor Party, led by Keir Starmer, won the general election with 412 (+211) seats while the Conservative Party of Prime Minister Rishi Sunak dropped to 121 seats. (-250) Seats in the House of Commons which has 650 members.
According to a statement from the AJYWO, the 13 organizations have been demanding from the state government to curb the illegal entry and exit of the AJYWO. “The government has not been able to set up any of the 41 Entry/Exit Points in the state or fully implement the District Force Committees”.
KSU South Khasi Hills District Unit led by President Reebokstar Diengdoh, his wife Balawanrisha Khongshei and four children laid the foundation stone. The KSU will not be able to hold a meeting in
Sneinbha Suchiang said that many of the students who have not prepared for the NEET examination have spent a lot of time in preparing for the NEET examination which has taken many years and they have had to go for coaching. classes and others so that they can pass this examination.
“The aim of Prime Minister Duh is to strengthen all health services through the schemes of the Central Government.
Furthermore, Bah Pyniaid said that they can mislead the people only once and not twice and now the people have become clearer when talking about many issues.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh who was the Chief Guest at the 7th Economic Times' Best Healthcare Brands 2023 conference held in Delhi.
Himlalaya Shangpliang MLA Mawsynram, Miani D Shira were also present on the occasion. George was sworn in as the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. state.
She urged the working groups to come forward and take advantage of this opportunity.
After the discussion, both the sides decided to set up a Standing Co-ordination Committee (SCC) in all the areas under the Civil Sub-Divisions with the SDO as the Chairman. The SDPO, Company Commandant and Rangbah Shnong shall be the members of this committee.
On the other hand, the students of KNGC also urged the nine MLAs of Jaintia Hill to follow the example of other leaders from other constituencies who have responsibility for this issue. the College is mad.
On the other hand, I strongly oppose this.
From this discussion has arisen and through the websites has also brought about a change in the students and this has brought about an increase in the self-esteem of many youths and this has led many students to they will live alone and this comes to a negative connotation such as taking one's own life.
Hearing the PIL today, the court decided to dismiss the PIL. The Muktiar, Bah VG Kynta, who appeared on behalf of Bah PN Syiem, MLA and Speaking to reporters, the MDC of Mawsynram Constituency said that the basis on which he stands is that the MDCs are not employees of the central or state government.
Shillong, Nailur 21: U Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui today said that the opening of schools in the village has not been ordered by the school principals but only by the students. they will benefit if parents allow their children to go to school.
More importantly, the recipient of the Sengol has the 'right' ('Aanai' in Tamil) to rule by order.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Executive Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District has filed a complaint against the Village Authority of Nongmynsong on the grounds that they have disrupted the conduct of the election. members of the organization are also mothers.
However, at the time of planting, the Assam Police came and stopped on 10th July,
The Seng has strongly warned against Dr.M.Kar of the Citizen Foundation that he should be more responsible otherwise the Seng will not hesitate to take other measures if it is in any area to as a nation it will not be overwhelmed by outsiders.
For almost three months, the villages and the people of the district have been cooperating with the government and this cooperation has been successful in preventing that this disease has not reached the area so far. They should not allow the government to destroy the hard work of the people by losing the trust of the people in the government.
So that it does not put the people in darkness, because all the time evil deeds and personal incidents happen from time to time especially on holidays and evenings and at night. The FKJGP, HMYWO and the authorities of the Hima Mylleim who used to be the Nong Peit Pyrman and did not count the night and day to maintain peace and stability in the area. .
Heroin worth T.3 crore and Ganja worth T.80 lakh and T.20 lakh were seized and the total value of T.4 crore was seized.
This is the mistake of the Government, when we turn to 2014 we have experienced instability just because of the demand for ILP for four months of protest as the party does not want to see instability. sit quietly.
The NPP and the Government have clarified that the dismissal of the three retired officers of the Meghalaya Lokayukta has been done in accordance with the provisions of the Lokayukta Act and the list of new names has been sent by the Government. to the Local Government.
The Republic Day celebration was held at Polo Ground, Shillong. Special tributes were paid to the freedom fighters of India as well as the heroes of the nation, such as Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan. Sangma: Governor Phagu Chauhan, who was the chief guest, hoisted the tricolor flag of India and took part in saluting those who took part in the march pass including BSF, CRPF, District Executive Force, East Khasi Hills District, Sikkim Police, 1st MLP Bn, NCC Boys, NCC Girls, Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides, Sacred Heart Girl's Hr.Sc.
India will grow only through Sabka Prayas,” he said.
He urged them to conduct more case studies and to publish more case studies.
There will be a “March for the Promotion of the Khasi Language” to Madan Student, Jaїaw and to conclude the meeting.
Meanwhile, the Chief Guest, Bah G.Kharmawphlang, Deputy Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, urged the students who received the M-Tabs on this day to make proper use of them. to further improve their education.
In this regard, the education department is looking into the matter so that teachers too are entitled to receive this money when they retire, he said at the meeting today.
At the meeting, Conrad said the people have now asked whether Dr Mukul Sangma, leader of the Trinamool Congress Party, will leave Songsak or Tikrikilla because he has contested from two constituencies. Then he left Ampati and went to Songsak.
The BDO of Baghmara has sent a letter to these people to open accounts under the bank since 6th June this year but the bank has not been able to issue them. Your account number is not included in the Block.
The authorities have sent away the female hostel students who live in the area. The fire has not affected the hostel students. located near the burning school building.
Regarding the Governor's remarks as reported in the media, the BJP leadership strongly condemns and will lodge a complaint with the party leadership in Delhi.
“If the Government had taken care to set up revenue gates for the minerals before they are imported into the factories, the Government would have collected the revenue for the construction of roads, schools, hospitals and a blessing to the people," he added.
After the Central Government approves the budget, the states will receive their share of the money and Meghalaya will also receive its share.
“In connection with this illegal act of this Nepali, the party strongly urges the law enforcement authorities to investigate, search, arrest and punish all those involved and also those who have received “It's illegal according to the law because they too are involved, otherwise they won't accept the syrnod from Nepalinamar because they know it's illegal,” said Bah Reachingson Siangshai.
Any discrimination against officers including IAS officers and linking their names for political activities that do not benefit the people as a group strongly condemns that.
Titostarwell Chyne admitted that in the past the ECs have tried to issue a notice not to cut kilos.
Speaking to reporters, Titosstarwell Chyne said that the Bill will be introduced in the session which will resume on 8th November 2021. The purpose of the Bill is to involve men. in the inheritance of the earth.
Similarly, 10 chicken houses and 10 pig houses will be built.
“Ferdinand Suchiang's recent victory in the fourth consecutive gold medal at the World Martial Arts (Jeet Kune-Do) Championships is a great pride for Jaintia Hills, the country. “It's a good idea for the Hynniewtrep people and the state and India as a whole,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President of the AJYWO Central Body.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: Police in East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday received a complaint that some groups have pretended to be jhur vendors, but are instead robbers from jhur buyers.
Shillong, July 06: The race for the Congress ticket from the Langrin MDC constituency has been intense between the incumbent MDC Manstudy Nongrem and the President of HANM Lamphrang Kharbani.
Bah HS Shylla came as MDC of KHADC by winning the mid-term elections and was elected as CEM of the House on 13th June 2018 and is still holding the post of CEM.
The 66 students were welcomed by government officials at Guwahati Airport. Members of the KSU were also present at the venue to welcome them. Vehicles were prepared to take them to Shillong, food was also provided to the students at the Guwahati airport.
The lamshwa {} of the durim refers to the social situation in which the present generation does not know the origin of the Khasi traditional dates.
The wildlife is protected under the Wildlife Protection Act (WLPA),
On the other hand, the KSU through this visit to close down the offices that are open on the special days of the state, is to inform them that they should respect this day which the Khasi people remember. not only on this day but also on other holidays related to Meghalaya.
“It’s not so much about my wishes or the wishes of others but just the collection of the party.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The KSU Bangalore unit has sent a memorandum to the Chief Minister on 6/June 2018 in Bangalore through Bah Sanbor Shulai in the presence of President and Vice President of BJP Meghalaya.
Along with public administration, Prime Minister Duh also spoke about India's efforts in sustainable development.
Because we have seen how the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act has been amended so that companies have been able to buy land that is very large in the past. .
Shillong, Naitung 22: Langdoh Lamat of Lymphylut village, Umkiang, East Jaintia Hills District has clarified that her husband B Dhar, 56, has nothing to do with the HNLC. Langdoh Lamat said that Bah B. Dhar, 56, resident of Lumphyllut, Umkiang, East Jaintia Hills, was abducted on 16th November 2021 by an IED bomb blast in Khliehriat.
The meeting was convened following the decision of the MUA-II Government within the Cabinet to increase the salaries of teachers by 100 percent. they.
The protest was led by the president of the union, Bah Dawoni Laloo, in front of the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills. If the government does not do so, they will hold a protest without delay.
Shillong, November 15: As the days go by; Women and young women have lost that joy in walking and standing because of the increase in violence against women.
When contacted by SP News Agency, BJP Meghalaya State Unit President Shibun Lyngdoh said, “Until now, BJP Meghalaya State Unit President Shibun Lyngdoh said, “Until now, the party will file an FIR. The FIR is still being prepared.
Journalists from Meghalaya, Sikkim, Manipur, Tripura and Assam participated in the workshop which focused on various aspects of children's rights laws.
"He also said that he will speak on this pending road in the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The High Court today granted bail to Bah Stanlywiss Rymbai, former MLA of Umroi Constituency, who was arrested on charges of smuggling the Mawpalai Forest.
New Delhi, Jymmang 12: Several media outlets have published a report by the World Health Organization (WHO) recognizing B.1.617 as a variant of global concern.
Also to the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Khasi Hills, the Department of Meghalaya Government who have been quick to take action and assist immediately to provide foodgrains especially in these times of crisis. The government has imposed a lockdown for many months.
Dr. Vijay Kumar congratulated all those involved in the success of the Games for their hard work in the past few months.
Ranjit Majumdar, BJP North East Coordinator, was also present at the meeting.
The arrest was made while police were conducting vehicle raids to fight against drug traffickers.
At present, there is a problem with access to drinking water sources.
Police from Mawlai Police Station arrived at the scene to conduct a thorough investigation.
For the villages in the rural areas of the District, the same arrangement will be implemented by the Sub-Divisional Officers (Civil/Block Development Officers) and Incident Commanders in collaboration with the Rangbah Shnongs and CCMTs. The Rangbah Shnongs, CCMTs and welfare groups in the villages shall regulate the operation of the shops in their respective villages and also to ensure that the residents follow the in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: Heavy cold weather in Ri Bhoi District today has caused severe damage to agriculture and this has caused severe damage to agriculture for two days in Nongthymmai village, Raid Madan Kyrdem, ha. that one soul of man is lost.
Regarding the increase in the village fee, 106 households have opposed the increase in the village fee because many of the poor can no longer afford to pay it. They have lodged a complaint with the CEM of JHADC, the Deputy Commissioner and the Doloi of the elaka.
During the meeting, the CEO of MeECL said that the light will be installed as soon as possible and it will take only a short time to provide the transformers and light equipment needed by the hospital.
When SP News Agency reached the scene, it was seen that the authorities in charge of the bus stop from one state to another have set up barriers to prevent them from entering the bus stop. the lower part of the working parking lot that has not been used.
Any organization registered with the DC office can apply for this scheme. .
In his speech, the General Secretary, Samla Lamphang Warbah, urged the residents not to be afraid of the positive cases in the village, because those people who are the direct contacts of those patients, after receiving The first report was negative, hopefully the second report will also be negative and good luck to them.
The victim is currently undergoing treatment at Tura Civil Hospital. Police are searching for the suspect.
The office of the Food Commissioner of the State Government is still conducting tests to determine whether there is formalin injection to prevent the fish from rotting.
Shillong, Lber 29: School teachers who have been appointed as teachers under the SSA scheme of the central government have had to march on the streets to demand their right to receive their salaries. moon.
Dr Rangad has become the first person from the North East to be appointed as an internal advisor to the AEF. Shillong, Nailur 03: The 75Bn Border Security Force of the BSF They conducted a training for young men and women from the border villages with Bangladesh on how to join the Central Army. This training was held at Dalu village in West Garo Hills District.
The Thangbru Shrine of the Seuñ Raij Mukhla was inaugurated on Saturday in the presence of the people of Mukhla. The Thangbru Shrine was designed by the Seiñ Raij Jowai and was designed by Kambel Shulai. he gave the Seiñ Raij to the people of the world.
Students from various universities and colleges of Meghalaya will participate in the workshop.
Shillong, March 19: Thousands of Catholics today paid their last respects to Father Cornelius Khyriem who passed away on the 17th of this month.
This law shall apply immediately until further notice.
The power of Yuva Shakti encourages our determination to move forward to achieve the goal of Viksit Bharat before the end of AmritKaal.
Once approved by the Cabinet, it will be enacted in the form of an Ordinance.
On the other hand, the authorities in charge of this government health center have alleged that they have cut this road to avoid the crowd of the people, but according to the findings of the civil society organizations, The road is used by the public near the PHC. Nokma has not given permission to pave this road.
Shillong, November 23: The District Police have launched patrols in different parts of Shillong to curb reckless driving during the Christmas season.
: it means a temporary shelter; it is a well that has been prepared for use; it is a well of water or a kind of water that is used for drinking.
Before handing over the bar, the main part of the ceremony was led by Samla Donald V. Thabah General Secretary of the KSU. Sengkmie, who also gave his speech, reminded that the village has a close relationship with the KSU since the opposition to the survey of the Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR).
“Because after coming to inform the Village Authority about the needs, as a responsible youth I cannot just listen or sit idle without doing anything.
To strengthen this demand, in 2019, the Government has passed a resolution in the House to demand from the Central Government to include the Khasi language in the Constitution of India. They are the foundation stones in this demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of the country.
The night curfew will be in force in East and West Jaintia Hills Districts.
On the other hand, after receiving the correct information, we informed the police and district authorities at 6:30 pm to arrest the shrip in Nonglang but the surprising thing is that it took up to 4 pm. It took 1 hour for the police to reach Nonglang from Mawkyrwat which is only 2/3 kms from the District Headquarters.
The meeting decided to inform the Deputy Commissioners of West Karbi Anglong District and the Deputy Commissioners of West Karbi Anglong District and the Deputy Commissioners of West Karbi Anglong District. The Deputy Commissioner has accepted this decision to bring peace.
If you do not receive this SMS, you should speak to your prescriber or the person in charge of the pharmacy.
On the other hand, the RBYO wants the KHADC to punish them by suspending their trading license if they leave the KHADC. CEM Teinwell Dkhar and EMs have promised to take action on this issue.
With the completion of this renovation, the dispensary now has all the modern machines, said Swami Vedasarananda.
He said the scheme will benefit 50 crore people.
The first part was 14 minutes and was increased to 19 and 26 minutes in the second and third parts.
In the ejahar, he said that these comments on the Facebook Account/Page and social media have been a violation of the rules and have defamed the image of the prominent leader and the leader of the people. It is on this basis that the First Information Report has been filed under the provisions of the Indian Penal Code, 1860 and under the provisions of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and other laws.
Other speakers on the occasion were I Warjri, Mission Director, State Resource Center for Women and AM Pariat, Secretary, District Legal Services Authority.
Beware folks! If you don't surprise the people and you continue to defeat such rulers, they will be completely destroyed and you will become so miserable that you will sit and stand on the rocks.
The program was attended by the Minister of State for Agriculture and Farmers Welfare.
Police said that the house in Mawpat was owned by a man.
Shillong, July 16: The National People's Party (NPP) has decided to suspend the MDC elections for the time being. The meeting called on the supporters of the NPP Party to give their support to Bah A.Diengngan who is still applying for the ticket from the United Democratic Party (UDP). He said that if the UDP does not agree to give him a ticket, he will also prepare to contest as an independent candidate.
At this meeting, it was found that there is a problem inside the Power House power plant which does not have a mobile signal, for this reason it was suggested to purchase VHF transmitters. Sets between the power station and the dam reservoir.
Every victory of India is a victory for various countries in the world in the future,” he said.
He also informed that the Government will send a survey to the land vendors and carry out the work.
Process was accompanied by Asst Director Dr KB Sahkhar, Engineer, Contractor, Elders, Women and Youth of Mawlaiu. Project in Mawlai but he requested the department to take care to ensure that the waste from the meat harvest should not flow into the Wah Umshing, which is the source of drinking water for the village. Wings.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, said, “We have decided to set up a permanent MERB.” except in the Ministry of Education especially in Higher and Technical Education, even in Secondary and Higher Secondary and other levels.
Replying to all the allegations, he said that the election of AT Mondol as the party candidate, by recalling what his father used to say “Don't chase power, money or position, work for them. public and they will repay you".
We have requested that they should not speak harshly and insultingly because the Congress is different from the national parties.
He said that the Council has already told the Regional Boundary Committee appointed by the Government that the boundary should be fixed according to the documents and facts set by the ancestors.
The District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoin has enforced Section 144 CrPC against anyone who intends to mine coal from their mines. it will work immediately.
Consequently, it is on the basis of these factors that there is no developmental change.
“My contest in this election is between two candidates, Grace Kharpuri, the incumbent MDC from the HSPDP, Banalari Khongwar from the UDP. election because of the wishes and love of the people,” he said and appealed to the people to support him in this election by winning with dignity for him and also for the party he stands for.
no.9615342039, Phustarwell Khardewsaw New Nongstoin Ph.
Bah Paul said that the session of the Legislative Assemblies of Meghalaya and Assam will be held in November and after that the Regional Committees will meet and before the end of November they will visit the villages. They will call together four or five villages in one place. This is what they have said today.
Anyone arrested under this Act and except on the orders of the Advisory Board, may be arrested again and detained again if there is any complaint against him.
Shillong, July 15: On the top of Lum Shyllong, north of the Hima Mylliem, there are shilym brum stones with inscriptions on the names of people as well as dates and years. stones.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has issued a notice under Section 144 CRPC which prohibits trucks carrying more than 15 Mt from passing through the Umiam Bridge.
Referring to the tourism industry, the CEM said that the council and the state government will soon conduct a certification program on tour guides to encourage people from the state or villages to start this industry. which is not for their own sake.
: Tens of thousands of Catholics from Jowai, Nongstoiñ and Shillong Dioceses witnessed the consecration of Rev.Fr.Ferdinand Dkhar, DD to be appointed as the new Archbishop of the Diocese of Jowai.
Once again, the party feels that at such a time, it is not good for anyone to show force whether it is the people, the leaders or the government, but we should find ways and means to bring peace in the village. comfortable with the consensus views of all groups.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 96477 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 94780 have recovered and 1618 have died so far. today.
At this meeting, the Cabinet also approved to introduce an amendment to the Meghalaya Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management (Budget Management) Ordinance, which will be introduced in the House in the form of a bill to become law in the House. money to be long soon.
After the march, a meeting was held with speakers from various groups in the area to condemn the perpetrator of this crime which has shocked the entire area.
This money is available to the State Governments to provide assistance in case of natural disasters.
Shillong, July 16: The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has issued a warning to the state government to be vigilant after heavy rain, storm and thunderstorms have caused damage across Meghalaya for more than 10 months. Because of this, the onset of changes in the weather can lead to more heavy rains and storms.
However, how did this man come to get involved in politics, but in his vision when he entered politics was how to change the rule of law, how to bring about a clean rule of law, when He went to campaign for the elections and taught the people since then that they should not steal money, not only now.
On this occasion, people from all over the branches of the party from the city and suburbs including the youth attended.
The election was held at the Indoor Stadium, Mawlai Phudmuri.
He said he had outstanding bills for the treatment.
Regarding this issue, the CEM said that there are some smugglers who eat ar maloi from those on the border, go to Karbi and come to Meghalaya.
The General Secretary of the KSU said that at this time the government should stop the search for the leaders of the KSU so that all the members of the 13 KSU can be arrested. take part in this discussion.
Police have arrested Sankupar Lyngdoh, 28, Walstar Nongdhar, 28, Anthony Sangma, 32 and Balan Kharkongor. , from the ninth century, because they found three bottles full of ointment.
The increase in the price of beverages, including milk, has been included in the GST by the BJP government. rep ka riang, which belongs to the farmers.
The people of Meghalaya can lead the world in an environmentally sustainable lifestyle and can bring about new social and economic conditions,” he said.
,  see here, Election Department, Food Civil Supplies and Consumers Affair Department, Home (passport) Department, Revenue and Disaster Management Department.
All we know is that the Jaintia language should be included in the state anthem of Meghalaya and the BJP demands a solution on this basis from the government.
The HNYM Hima Mylliem has opposed the proposal to close down the office on the grounds that the Office Mylliem has violated the promises made to discuss the matter. behind the door.
The provision of doctor services to patients through the internet was launched by the department in June 2020 while OPDs were closed in the country during the first lockdown.
There are 7 cases in East Khasi Hills, 6 cases in Ri Bhoi, 4 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 15 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
Nowadays, it is difficult to struggle to escape collection activities.
On the Karbi side, Hanse President and four other members led the Pnar side, Bah Shwom Lyngshiang, President. Khandhuli and other elders.
Don't worry about this, you don't understand anymore.
Similarly, the PM MatruVandana Yojana, Mission Indradhanush, Yoga, Fit India Movement, and Ayurveda protect people from diseases.
Bhaskar's daughter Sukania Choudhury in her speech said that this day has touched her soul and the entire family to see this opportunity to lay the foundation stone of her father. their.
It is a powerful tool for social and economic transformations.
On the other hand, the Speaker, after listening to these suggestions from the MDCs of KHADC, urged them to submit a written statement so that it can be taken to the Ministry of Home Affairs to discuss these suggestions. KHADC. During this meeting, there were many other discussions related to the riewlum.
He said that this is a long standing need and as Shillong is a famous tourist destination as well as the original capital of the former state of Assam, it deserves to receive this need.
The CEM of KHADC said that this decision means that they have taken away the powers of the Council and if the state government goes ahead, it means that the District Councils should be closed down completely because they will not have bor more.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma and the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, have strongly condemned this act of genocide by these insurgents.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 43, of which 6 cases are in hospitals and 4 cases in East Khasi Hills. , Ri Bhoi 1, West Garo Hills
“The East Khasi Hills Police have decided to investigate thoroughly to arrest those involved and bring them to justice,” said the SP. the cooperation of the people achieves success.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 95,054 and the death toll has risen to
Congress MLA from Mawhati, Bah Charles Marngar, asked whether the Government intends to reconsider the allocation of funds under this scheme according to the number of constituencies. according to the number of groups or clubs registered with the office of the Deputy Commissioner but not in the Constituencies.
Regarding the water supply, there is only one water tank and syntex to supply water to the PHC and the residences of the staff. lack of drains and shortage of staff.
Police said that one of the arrested, Gilbirth Sagma, is a criminal and was also involved in the bomb blast in Byrnihat in
On the other hand, the CEM said that his executive committee has worked hard to strengthen the Trading By Non-Tribal Regulations Act, 1954 to protect the rights of the indigenous people.
We also launched a campaign in July 2022 to eradicate the reuse of seized drugs, under this campaign about 6 lakh kg of seized drugs have been disposed of across the country so far.
It is recalled that during the meeting with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma regarding the implementation of the CPC and CrPC, the CEM of KHADC said that no final decision has been taken yet. even after it was clarified that it will not affect the powers of the District Council.
Also present on the occasion were Forest Minister Lahkmen Rymbui, Chief Secretary MS Roa, Director Tourism CVD Diengoh and other government officials.
Shillong, July 04: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya (CEO) today met at the office of the Chiefs of Meghalaya. Lumjingsuk, Demthring, Shillong, has spoken about the issues raised in a letter from the Ministry of Home Affairs sent to the Chief Secretary, dated 18th July. 2012, which sought the opinion of the Government of Meghalaya on the demand of the Chief Executive Members to have their own Council through the Fourth Schedule without parties or without political parties as stipulated. on 29th April 1949, and on the amendment of many provisions of the Sixth Schedule Amendment Bill 2013 of the Constitution of India, including the KHADC Village Administration Bill The KHADC will hold the next session.
Therefore, the union urgently demands from the state government under the leadership of the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma to take action and implement the State Youth Policy 2021 immediately so that the youth who have brought fame and glory to the state can get scholarships as specially allocated for them.
