During the interaction with the mothers present on the occasion, one of the mothers said that father is the head of the family, but mother is the heart of the family.
The two referees and judges were Anglus Sun and Pynsuklang Sumer.
The cleanliness drive was led by Samla Robi Suchiang, President of KSU Umstain Unit, in the presence of Samla Shkemlang Lapasam, General Secretary of KSU Umstain Unit. members of the party and the residents of Umstain.
Sujata Chettri, 22, of Pohkseh, Zonunmawii Pachuau, 21, of Happy Valley, Rohit Barua, 21, 4th Furlong Polo, Rakesh Sujoy Ghosh, 22, of Pynthorbah Block-1 and Pranjit Chayengia, 22, of Dhankheti.
The Seng prays that God will grant eternal rest to those who have passed away and also pray that God will bless all those who are injured in hospitals. .
He should resign immediately as Cabinet Minister of the Punjab government, said Shibun Lyngdoh, President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit.
“If I want to accept this bill, I can because I have a majority in the House, but I am not the CEM to act by force, I accept the request of the opposition. The bill will be submitted to the Select Committee.
Speaking to reporters, DC SC Sadhu said that those who attended the meeting included the Defense Estate Officer. He said that this land is still in the middle of a case in the court.
On the other hand, the State Police expressed their gratitude to the authority of the Chief Minister and the vigilance of the Director General of Police in the fight against drug trafficking.
On the other hand, the MDCs who attended the public meeting were Bah Adelbert Nongrum MDC of Jaiaw Constituency and Telina Thangkhiew MDC of Mylliem Constituency. , to stop the drug abuse which has destroyed the youth, especially in Shillong.
The Cabinet also decided not to amend the Meghalaya Residence Safety and Security Act and with this amendment the ordinance proposed earlier has died.
According to Bah Sohtun, the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has set up about five revenue collection gates at Jatalong, Sabuda, Umjaknieh, Madan Umwang and Mawsladieng.
Hearing the petition filed by Bah Kondro K Ksanlah, Justice SR Sen in November last year said that the rules and regulations of the Dorbar Shnongs are made for the benefit of the people. and not by the people for the Dorbar.
Out of the 23 teachers appointed in Government LP Schools of the District from 23.05.2014 to 09.06.2015 , 14 teachers are not qualified according to the NCTE Norms it is a corruption case and there may be something behind this.
Ahamed said the party will contest between 35 and 40 constituencies. The president said the party will not accept current or former MLAs because it wants to contest. new ones that have not been marked.
He urged other financial institutions to come forward to contribute to the development of sports in the state and reminded that the Sports Department together with the MSOA have organized the National Games Summit 2019 in Shillong which has opened the door. Associations to meet with companies that have the power to contribute for sports development.
However, without looking at the insurgency, it is the result of the problems we have faced, but it is not the problem and we should look at where there has been a mistake or error because the emergence of the insurgency is for many reasons.
On Saturday, the number of people and vehicles was two and three times the usual.
The meeting was conducted by Pastor Lamborne Kharbudon, Rangbah Shnong Umrakam Bansuk Khriem, family members Bah Skhem Sohtun, Pastor Lamborne and a song from Mylliem Umrakam Village and Kong Albina Mawlong.
“I have come to give my right hand, I have come to take part in this program to meet the needs of people with disabilities.
Rocky Hek as the NPP candidate has tried to help the people of the villages as much as he can for the benefit of the people who need assistance.
As filmmakers, they urge the government to introduce a policy regarding the production of films. They don't ask for anything from the government but they want a policy so that it will help the filmmakers. which produce films and benefit the government.
There are 11 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 10 in East Khasi Hills and 1 in Ri Bhoi, bringing the total number of recoveries to
Those who attended the event included farmers from all over the state, NEHU Tura, IIM Shillong, officers of the Department of Agriculture. krai and the food made from krai.
Today, Bah Eugeneson met with the Rangbah Shnongs of 14 villages in the Sadew area and during this meeting they discussed the issues related to the people of the area.
Shillong, July 24: Answering a question by Bajop Pyngrope MDC Rambrai, CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, said that the Kulsi Dam Project is still under review by the committee. which was created by the state government for this purpose.
Regarding these shortcomings, the union will meet with the Director of Health Services and also send a petition to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to demand that the government It should provide for the facilities of this hospital where the people go for treatment.
He has been a judge at many film festivals in the country and is also a Guest Faculty at the Film and Television Institute, Itanagar.
The Chief Minister said the government has decided to pay Rs 2 lakh to the family members of the deceased in the Ichamati incident.
From the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, there are six candidates, Vincent H Pala of the INC, Dr Jemino Mawthoh of the UDP, Sanbor Shullai of the BJP, Romei Phira Rani, THS Boney and Samuel Samuel. Hashah are independent candidates.
The Lokayukta Act now allows for the appointment of only one Lokayukta and only retired IAS officers.
The Union demands a Judicial Inquiry and the investigation should be by a judge of the High Court. The inquiry should be independent and as the Union they will meet the Prime Minister. Rap Blah said that the government has not yet decided on the issue.
Special thanks were expressed for the technical support provided by BISAG-N, for the monitoring of information on the economic and social resources in the country, the development of apps and the training of Shillong, Lber 25: BSF troops today conducted a medical check-up at Mahadev village in South West Khasi Hills District on the border with Bangladesh.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District is currently waiting for the direction from the Political Department on how to deal with this tragic incident. It is not clear whether it will provide assistance in this way alone as they are still waiting for the order from the political department in charge of this matter.
One longing im not sure if I'm in trouble.
Khliehriat, July 15: The AJYWO Central Body has strongly condemned the state government for relocating the Wapung C&RD Block from Wapung to Lumshnong just a few months after it was opened and started construction at Wapungskur instead of giving The new C&RD Block in Lumshnong and Umkiang areas has been established by the Government.
However, due to the introduction of the Administrator Rule at that time, the Council has suspended this proposal.
At this meeting, it was decided that the Regional Committees of Assam and Meghalaya will meet before the 31st of this month to submit their reports to their respective Chief Ministers. get accepted will have another meeting.
On the other hand, the union will meet with the government on the first day if the government cannot do anything. .
On the allegation that the CRPF used lathi, the SP said, “Those children who were here last night tried to steal the guns of the CRPF and the CRPF has the right to fight against the CRPF. They had finished their work and were about to return to their homes.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The North East All India Radio Shillong today held a music concert at the So So Tham Auditorium in collaboration with the Government of Meghalaya.
In further explanation, the Culture Secretary said that to encourage public participation, a website has been launched, where people can upload selfies carrying the ground or the dew byrtha.
Besides the discussions within the Cabinet, what was discussed today was that all the government ministers should donate from their salaries to the Chief Minister Relief Fund. Donate for the flood victims.
Shillong, July 11: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today launched its campaign for the upcoming MLA elections in the state with a public meeting at Madan Malki in which more than 10,000 supporters of the United Democratic Party (UDP) have attended. public meeting.
Especially at the undergraduate, post-graduate and research degree levels, which follow the recognition of the university, to strengthen research activities and to contribute to social change through training, education , research and others, who are responsible.
Explaining about the incident, the general secretary of the union, Bah Ferdinan Mawrie, said that these people had phoned the Assam jhurbana trader to come and help them to transport their goods and send a vehicle from the union. They said that their warehouses are here under the Umiam Bridge.
In addition, the Annual Dorbar of the Seng Kur will be held on Saturday, 27th March, 2018 at Sohra.
The Congress party alleged that the agreement for the purchase of the Rafales was signed in secret and the prime minister did not get the approval of the cabinet and did it alone.
Assam Rifles have seized methamphetamine tablets from Melbuk village in Champai district of Mizoram on 23rd November 2022 after a joint raid by police and troops. Assam Rifles after receiving detailed information.
Prof. Satpathy said that these machines are adequate, have no secrets and cannot be cheated in the voting, but there is still a need to improve them to bring confidence in the voting. Most of the people of India are still lacking in knowledge.
Meanwhile, earlier in the day, the Meghalaya Cricket Association felicitated the match officials as well as the support staff of the visiting Mizoram team.
The BSF said that the smuggling of human sniuh from Meghalaya to Bangladesh is for the purpose of making sniuh kai and from Bangladesh it was smuggled abroad. The BSF has so far seized 225 kilos of human sniuh since this month. July 2022.
Shillong, Naitung 09: Speaking at the 76th meeting of the North Eastern Council, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh today urged all the states of the North East to we of India and the NEC to complete the works within the stipulated time.
However, it is alleged that the factory closed the door the next day, on the 21st of this month.
The keynote speaker was Mylliem MDC Telinia Thangkhiew. In her speech, she said that out of the 28 MDCs who were present in the House on the day of the bill, Bill didn't have to talk to everyone.
Those who violate these orders will be punished according to the provisions of the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and the IPC. Mairang Mission and 12 cases in Umthied Bynther.
The RBI has received information that some people who have not yet understood this have doubts with them and even the shopkeepers as well regarding the availability of these notes in the market. hat.
On this occasion, the Women Wings had met with Ampareen, Minister of Labour, but the Minister declined to comment on the matter. the Principal Secretary Labor Department to M  R Roa.
The Dorbar Shnong requests the residents of the village to come out in order on this day for this cleanliness drive.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Chief Minister said that the decision of the Cabinet will be taken up in the special session to be held on Friday 19/1 2019.
Lt Gen RS Panwar, SM, VSM, GOC 101 Area accompanied by the President of the Regional AWWA awarded the prizes. person.
“According to the ECI directive, the polling officers should be paid for five days but according to the RTI documents, it shows that the polling officers are paid for only four days and it has been lost for four days,” he said.
Speaking to fellow teachers during the strike at Madan Maliki, he said that if the government does not grant their demand in April, all 12541 teachers in the state will take leave. .
PETA has filed a complaint under Sections 9 and 51 of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, according to which the defendant cannot be released on bail and the imprisonment is nine years and imprisonment. The fee is up to T.10,000/-.
The State Government has sent a letter to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Union Government to talk to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Union Government. Government of Bangladesh.
However, it was found through RTI that these non-native residents do not have labor license and work permit which is against the laws of the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The Business Advisory Committee of the Legislative Assembly today decided to hold the session for three days, starting on 8th November and ending on 14th November.
When asked about the loss of houses, the DC said he did not want to say until he received a proper report.
During the meeting, the VC asked for three days to take a decision on the incident and promised to take action against the allegation.
This is according to a statement sent by the Sports Department of the State Government.
Bahaar Classical Music School held its 1st Annual Program on 29th June 2023 at Bangiyo Sahitya Parishad Auditorium, Jailroad. As the chief guest, the students of this music class, their parents and other guests.
Kitborlang Nongrem, President of the National People's Party (NPP) in SWKH District, said that the departure of Martin M Danggo will affect the party. it is the foundation.
The Sengbhalang expresses its surprise how the Sengbhalang Leader is still doing such things which are like allowing the authorities to set up shops in Jowai Market.
Ampati, Naitung 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today distributed dairy cows to four NGOs from Betasing C&RD Block of South West Garo Hills under the scheme. Livestock Mission of the State Government held in Ampati.
On the purchase of sugarcane from the market, an e-tender has been called and after the tender has been called, the contract has been awarded to the lowest bidder who has complied with all the requirements as laid down by the government. PW Ingty, Principal Secretary, Government of Meghalaya.
Speaking at the launch of these vehicles, Bah Kharkrang said that as a change in the working methods of the department, the government is ready to change the name of the department from “Phatok” to “Phatok”. you're “Saindur's house”.
The thlen, the taro, the bih, the ngaid, the shuwar, the sakai, the daini, and the sabait are some of the things that the families keep and worship. thousands of thousands in their houses.
So far, 340 poor households in Wapungskur village have received food items from Kong Chiarmon Dkhar.
The meeting also discussed the problems faced from time to time especially by doctors working in the rural areas, especially where the necessary documents and accommodation are not available. spirit are not enough.
At the same time, the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Shnong, was established and confirmed the working department of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Shnong. Unit.
Shillong, July 01: U Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that the government has decided to allow the people of the state to travel from one district to another. four in the District.
“In the past, the same issues of declaration as an Official Language depended on the definition of the meaning of the word Official Language.
As the first buyer on Gandhi Jayanti, KVIC Chairman Manoj Kumar bought Khadi clothes at Khadi Bhawan, Connaught Place on the morning of 2nd March and paid through UPI. Manoj Kumar said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has repeatedly urged domestic and foreign countries to purchase Khadi products.
Police immediately took action after seeing a video circulating on social media, which shows three men mercilessly sympathizing with a woman with siej despite her lynñiar and apology.
From time to time, the Executive Engineers issue notices banning vehicles from traveling if the load exceeds 9 tonnes.
There should also be clearer rules on how to hold Kur, Shnong, Raid and Hima Dorbars when the rulers do not hold these Dorbars.
Police have seized 23.42 grams and 12.98 grams of heroin from the house of Rebecca Mar, 35, who lives with her husband Vanla Muya Mar, 28, in Block D. Later, the house of Lalpenglawli, 53, in Block F was also raided and 61.6 grams of heroin and T.1,41,260/- were seized from her house. -.
The second day was a day for children and women.
When he came to arrest him, he brought with him a pistom.22 and seven unpaid bullets.
On the UDP side, Mawthadraishan MLA Brolding Nongsiej did not attend the presidential election because he is not in Meghalaya, said UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy. Meanwhile, the MLA of Mawhati, Bah Julius Kitbok Dorphang, did not vote because he was in jail, but there was no reason why he should not vote because he is an MLA elected by the people. still have the right to vote but did not reach.
Furthermore, the party would like to congratulate all its members from various units and circles who have worked hard for the welfare of the community. to enable them to serve the country and the nation.
The office encourages people to pay their bills through the cards they have.
At that time, Garo Hill had not suffered anything except for great leaders like Capt Willamson A Sangma.
In a statement, the Director of Health Services (MI) said that these drugs were distributed in Marten, Mawiong and Shillong.
The TMC has set a target that this will help more than 5.5 lakh households in Meghalaya who will benefit from the TMC through the “We Card”. According to a statement released by the TMC party today.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, will summon the 12 MLAs who have signed the letter to prove that they have signed the letter. I joined the Congress party.
Shilong Lajong Sporting Club has signed a partnership with McDowells, one of the companies in the market of kiad, said Larsing Ming Sawian, Secretary of the club. the club and this group is to strengthen the club.
This is the first time that the party leader has publicly announced that although he has a UDP candidate from Mawlai constituency, he will support the Congress MLA Founder Strong Cajee.
Dr B Mawlong, Project Director and State Coordinator, State Resource Center Shillong, said that this problem is not only that the children cannot speak but it affects them in many ways. “It's a good idea to protect them when they are young,” said Dr Mawlong.
However, it was informed that due to the recent decision of the Supreme Court recognizing the ownership of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people, the Government of Meghalaya should amend these laws which prohibit the people from opening sawmills in the At present, the entire East Khasi Hills Sawmill recognized by law is only in Umiam Industrial Estate, while the entire West Khasi Hills recognizes only the Industrial Estate in Nongstoin.
The FKJGP cannot stand idly by especially after receiving complaints from the residents of the area regarding the increase in the number of illegal drug dealers and the spread of drug traffickers. Awria in the parts of Lum Shyllong.
On the other hand, the parents also requested the government of Dr Mukul Sangma to take action and implement the demands of the teachers as soon as possible or if the government feels that their demands are not reasonable. If the government cannot do so, it has to take responsibility for the future of our children and should no longer blame the teachers.
Once I remember in the market while I was walking I met a jhur carrier I wanted to say sorry but he quickly slapped me by saying I have no eyes and then I replied you who have eyes why you don't avoid me without a face.
On Tuesday, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, who was elected as the Chief Executive Member, sent the list of nine Executive Members to the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan for approval.
Shillong, Nailar 13: It is necessary to draw from the village languages ​​from all over the region and villages in order to enrich the Khasi language and to unite all the languages ​​into one central language.
“As the Minister, I want to speed up the construction of this project and I am pleased that the officers of the department and the Construction Company have informed that the construction of the project has been completed. It has reached 70%,” said Bah Hamletson Dohling.
Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, Ramesh Singh, told SP News Agency, “A case has been registered against the two persons under the Meghalaya Maintenance Public Act. Order Act 2010".
When it comes to the health clinic inside the pharmacy at NEHU, there is no medicine and this makes it difficult for the students when they are sick to run outside the school to buy medicine.
, relating to the licensing of light motor vehicles, has decided that a license for transport will not be required if they are light motor vehicles.
On the other hand, Bah Shakliar urged the members of the party who came to join the party today to work together for the development of the country and the nation in all aspects. It is only the beginning and in the future they will continue to build in many ways.
The IOA is still under suspension from the IOC and until today Indian athletes have participated on behalf of the IOC and cannot fly the Indian flag because it is still under suspension. .
Today, the KSU, one of the members of NESO, held a rally in all the cities of the North East. In Shillong, the KSU, which is one of the members of NESO, held a rally in all the cities of the North East. around the city of Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The All Meghalaya Malaria Program Workers Association (MPW) today sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today seeking permission to hold a protest. put time.
“It is true,” said one of the government officials, “that this road has deteriorated badly.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the government's struggle to introduce the COVID-19 test is because people who go for treatment in hospitals have to be tested for COVID-19 at the time of entry. to the health centers and as of now this test is not included in the MHIS Card.
Pius Marwein of UPD received 13821 votes, Jotin Khardewsaw of Congress received 6842 votes and Kitborlang Nongrem of NPP received only 3222 votes.
Sumar Sing Sawian is a journalist who has been in this position since the beginning of the struggle for independence and has been in the Press Trust of India. He also served as Editor of the English newspaper Apphira and other journalists.
“It is a party that has grown in thought and through many issues we have witnessed that the KSU is indeed a stieh for Paradoh-Parasnam in all areas,” he said.
She said that all the belongings, agricultural products such as rice, synsar and sying inside the house were destroyed.
Shillong, June 15: The Meghalaya Progressive Foundation (MPF) in collaboration with the Bachelor of Social Work (BSW) students of St. Edmund's College, Shillong on 13th June 2018 organized a Life Skills & Capacity Building. Training Program at Iewpomtiah Village, Nongkrem, Mawryngkneng Block, East Khasi District.
Government officials present at the meeting included Union Secretary Youth Affairs, Rajiv Gupta and other government officials of the two central government departments.
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that the opening of this school is another milestone to help the students of the area as a whole.
Manipur won 88 gold, 75 silver and 77 bronze medals while Assam came second with 79 gold and 61 bronze medals. silver medals and 63 bronze medals.
The new approach has come after the recent initiative to bring about the needs that will benefit the people of the state.
Other news reports said that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has taken the name of Timothy Shira to contest for the post of Deputy Speaker. this is the election.
After extinguishing the fire, it was found that a truck (ML08-G-9499) had collapsed, while another truck (ML08-G-1181) had collapsed. only from the front parts.
This teacher teaches at LP School SSA and this incident has shocked the people as the civil society wants to see that there should be peace in the society. that the teachers may be worthy.
The Paiem Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima handed over the meeting to Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, & Chairman.
Under the Child Labor (Prohibition and Regulation) Act 1986, under the third section, anyone who does not employ children under the age of 14 years shall be punished.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Government today decided to test the residents of three villages around the BSF in Umpliang, namely Rynjah, Nongmynsong and Mawpat.
In one of the 23 committees of the BJP, there has been one committee which has looked after only the leaders of the state who have acted independently by fighting against the leaders in the state. your rule is theirs.
Bah Kahrshiing said that the State Government after the North East Games has given its full support to the MSOA in terms of food expenditure. and other jobs and also it was a blessing to Garo Hills to open the first Athletic Track.
He said the EC does not work in violation of the law or by force. We do and we speak the truth as it is. .
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday inaugurated the Malangkona Police Outpost in West Khasi Hills.
Congress Leader Bah PN Syiem said that this decision was taken at a meeting held today to honor the party's MP from Tura.
This MOTHER App has shown the world that it is a blessing to Meghalaya.
The people of God and the religious men and women took part in the service which was followed by a public prayer and the people stood to touch with their own hands for healing.
He said that the organization has worked hard in the North East of India to help the people affected by the natural disasters and the work to help the poor and needy has been successful. fulfill what is written in the book.
“We can say that many of the works that the generations have been waiting for for hundreds of years have been accomplished in the 17th Lok Sabha,” he said.
Furthermore, in this regard, the union urges the authorities to clean up immediately and to put a sign in those places.
On the other hand, the office has also tried to expedite the issuance of passes according to the needs of the people.
The efforts of the HYC, therefore, are timely.
On the other hand, the BSF personnel have the responsibility to ensure that the children of the BSF personnel are safe in all aspects, especially in the field of health.
West Jaintia Hills Police, who received a tip on the incident, rushed to the scene to recover the body of Bah Khrawkupar from the truck at about 2.30 pm.
Everyone has the right to praise and honor.
The incident occurred at about 8.55 pm.
The party has a vision to transform the people through education and the party has taken this step to see that, said a statement sent by the Education Secretary of the party, Samla Emmon Chyrmang.
It is to be recalled that the MLA of Mawlai, Bah Process T Sawkmie, has brought the issue of ISBT in the House and has received a reply from the Minister in charge of the ISBT. Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of State for Transport, said that the bus stand has been closed.
Therefore, she calls upon all her fellow citizens to preserve their uniqueness as a nation because the nation was established according to the Law and the Constitution.
Shillong, Iaiong 07: U Reniktone L Tongkhar, Minister in charge of PHE, has raised the question whether the removal of the Minister of Power will solve the problem of MeECL.
“Since last week of Tuesday, Friday, Thursday and Saturday our mobile phones have been on.
Three youths involved in a stunt in Laitumkhrah, Shillong on the morning of the 1st of this month have been arrested by the Laitumkhrah Police Station. The house is located in the village of Kynton-u-Mon, Laitkor, East Khasi Hills District.
Minister Duh said initiatives such as the opening up of the drone policy, space policy, and the allocation of up to T 20 lakh crore under the Mudra Yojana have helped.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Development, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, in an interview with reporters on Friday, said that the meeting will discuss the request of the leaders. The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) has asked the Government to amend some of the amendments in the Blue Print which will be decided at this meeting.
Shillong, June 03: The two day Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Seng Khasi Mawlai, has come to an end today Umni on the 3rd June 2022, at the Mawroh Shad Stadium. The number of children who came to participate was about four hundred.
Prof. Kharbamon came to take part in international conferences.
It is understood that the NPP will win the majority in JHADC and in KHADC it is not yet clear whether the NPP or the UDP will win. Shillong, Jymmang 27: The turnout in JHADC has reached 85.61% as of 9.00 pm today. The turnout was 85.18% for males and 85.98% for females.
“The DGP has assured that the police department will work hard to ensure that the smuggling of drugs into our state will be very difficult and that the people involved in this case will suffer,” he said. more.
In a statement sent by the General Secretary of the party to the media, he said that the police have investigated the incident in Shallang to mislead the people and the media. He said that it is unfair to demand T.13 crore from a factory which costs only lakhs of rupees.
Because they are the leaders of the Legislative Assembly, who will contribute to the work of the Legislature that will bring about peace, prosperity and well-being in the society, they should be elected. who know how to fight and who are ready to sacrifice themselves for the sake of the country and the nation.
MR's statement that the ILP is in conflict with issues related to income, climate change, where the rise in water levels can cause people to flee to the state. which we cannot accept, just because of the rise in water levels and the displacement of ethnic groups from other places will make the state's development inappropriate.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Ministers of State Government including Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of PWD, Ngaitlang Dhar, Home Minister Roshan Warjri were also invited. HDR Lyngdoh Law, DC of West Jaintia Hills, Arun Kumar Khembhavi, SP of West Jaintia Hills, M. Muthu, Thombor Shiwat, CEM of JHADC, President of Sein Raij Jowai, OR Challam, MLAs, MDCs, and Other government officials and officials came to witness this famous festival of Jaintia Hills.
There are 26 recoveries today, 350 cases are still in critical condition, 28 cases are in hospital for treatment and 28 cases have died. There are no new cases in East Garo Hills District.
By using digital technologies in the implementation of PM KISAN, the Government has also taken steps to provide digital services to agriculture.
Shillong, July 06: The Meghalaya Peoples Human Rights Council (MPHRC) has strongly condemned the killing of a woman near Chokpot Garo Hills. , Josbina M. Sangma in the meeting.
Two of them were taken to NEIGHRIMS and two to Civil Hospital Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Sylvester Nongtnger, on Tuesday said that 10 people from Manipur have arrived in a vehicle with the license plate number of Assam. I don't go to Shillong.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) Denang T Sangma today resigned without any consent in the House. The Chairman of GHADC, Boston Marak, while speaking to SP News Agency, said that after the four month budget, which will start on 01.4.2017 and end on 31.7.2017, The House has already approved the four month budget, it should have passed a motion of no confidence in the CEM, but the CEM has sent his resignation letter without and he was thrown into the council.
He was accompanied by Kyrmen Shylla and Sohra MLA Gavin Mylliem.
International laws and regulations designed to curb the use of tobacco have been strengthened following the discovery of many new technologies by the international community.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The East Khasi Hills District Police on receiving a tip-off have seized a taxi (ML 05K 4437) from Laitumkhrah. New Colony.
Referring to the peace talks with the HNLC, he said that the central government and the state government should take action to have peace talks with the HNLC for the sake of peace in the state. New Delhi, July 24: In the preparation for the Pariksha PeCharcha 2024, a special step has been taken to assist the UDP and HSPDP candidates. The competition was held across the country on 23rd July 2024 in 657 KendriyaVidyalayas and 122 NavodayaVidyalayas (NVS), in 774 districts across the country. country.
Tabsal Primary Unit, President Dilip Dilar, Gen Secretary Mithun Lymphouid and 20 members.
He served as Assistant Parish Priest in Laban from 1994-1996, as Parish Priest in Mairang from 1996-2001 and as Parish Priest in Marbisu from 2001-2
The Kahsi people when they go to work they go alone and when they have finished their work they return home with their children or parents while these people who come from abroad come back. take also your wives and children to the place where they work.
Not only the location but also the time was very difficult as they had to arrive at the venue at 5 pm.
This was done in a holistic and open approach where mitigation measures, changes and implementation options and supports were looked at in line with the available scientific knowledge.
The Hima Sohbar, Mawmluh, Umniuhtnmar and Mawbeh Hima have had to hold the elections. These Himas will hold the elections in November just to announce the date.
Nagaland and Manipur will have to play again to win the trophy. The match will be played on the second day at 4.30 pm.
Jowai, Jymmang 09: Thunderstorms and cold weather have damaged houses, televisions, electrical signs and crops.
In a meeting held on the 22nd of this month convened by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma with all the civil society organizations opposed and supporting this road, the meeting discussed the issue of which articles; One is the issue of uranium mining where everyone has stood up to oppose because the people of the state cannot accept this uranium mining project. to not allow uranium mining in the state unless they have received the consent of the people.
Also present on the occasion was the Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, P Bakshi.
The BSF seized the bike and the driver.
When asked whether this could be the plastic rice smuggled from China, Lunia said that until now there is no plastic rice, the people should understand clearly. kdar to this.
This had to be done because there were many vacancies but the MPSC was having difficulty in conducting the recruitment examinations.
The Central Government officials from the Survey Department and the officials of the two State Governments, but due to the weather conditions and some areas where they still have to take back the public approval management.
The tree planting was led by Kuldeep Saini, Inspector General and UK Nayal, Deputy Inspector General (PRO) BSF Meghalaya Frontier.
Now, roadside vendors and people living in remote villages and urban villages can process payments ranging from Rs 10-20 to lakhs of rupees.
Melip Sangma, president of the party, urged the people in the community not to have any prejudice against those with disabilities and to accept them as equals. others.
The ceremony was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
According to Article 11 of the New Delhi Draft Rules States of 1956, it states: “Any group involved in the conflict shall, as far as possible, refrain from the deployment of any military force to occupy or create to place any weapons, to have any temporary military bases, in small towns or villages where the population is large.
Replying to Dr. Mukul Sangma's allegation regarding coal mining, Dr. Kharlukhi said he doesn't know. he said he had nothing to say because he didn’t know anything.
The union has already spoken to the office to take action on these demands but when the demands could not be implemented, this incident happened on that day.
Thus, the Fit India Freedom Run will be held in 744 districts, 75 villages in each of the 744 districts and 30,000 schools across the country.
Hamlen Sukhalin has lodged a complaint with the police that on July 22 at 3:30 pm, she found that robbers had broken into her house at Sutnga Mission, East Jaintia Hills. and stole Rs 50,000 in cash and jewelery worth Rs 4.5 lakh.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Meghalaya today celebrated the Plant Conservation Day and the theme of this year's celebration is “Plants Knowledge and sustainability of tourism activities".
At this meeting, the SDO of MeECL said that the transformer of Mawphansaw village has arrived in Mawkyrwat.
"This is why we express our concern for the entire nation by providing assistance to many African countries, by initiating programs on climate change, contributing to peacekeeping activities. United Nations in various parts of the world, by assisting neighboring countries affected by natural disasters, the evacuation of people from other countries along with our people, who in the parts of the conflict.
The scheme was launched at the Dorjee Khandu State Convention Center in Itanagar. The scheme was entitled 'Enabling Women-Led Development in Arunachal Pradesh' Pema Khandu, this shows the government's commitment to bring about equality between women and men in the struggle for employment opportunities.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has promoted our right to environmental protection and through climate change action and promotion of cleanliness, India has been transformed into a leader. International Solar Alliance to launch the 'One Sun, One Earth, One Grid' project, many countries are now participating and contributing to this project, this is one of the special achievements of the Modi Government. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has worked to revive the ancient legacy of environmental protection in the country through various environmental campaigns.
Speaking to reporters at his office in Jaiaw Lawsenalane, he said the government should clarify how many of the 342 households are government employees and how many are non-government employees. government employee.
They entered the residence of the Chief Minister in a Maruti car number ML-05H-5
Speaking on the implementation of the new Education Policy, she said that this is one of the issues that the United Nations is facing to provide quality education for all, both men and women. .
On the other hand, Trive FC scored only 1 goal through M Shylla.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister said that he has a close relationship with the hospital as both his children were born at the hospital.
Once outside the fence, the land is lost and the BSF will not allow the people to enter and the land owners will no longer be able to cultivate.
The building, named after one of the freedom fighters, Pa Togan Sangma, was constructed at a cost of Rs 16.02 crore and was erected in the city to encourage the youth of the area. to use their skills properly in the fields of sports.
Jowai, Jymmang 13: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit recently met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District and the Chief Executive Member of JHADC to seek clarification and follow up on the progress of the project. Chess is a comprehensive mechanism.
This was announced by the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, while speaking to media after a meeting with the leaders of Farmers' Associations, Traders' Unions. officers of the Department of Agriculture and Horticulture, on Tuesday.
This can lead to harm not only to their families but to the society as a whole and especially to themselves.
According to sources, the suspect was driving a truck number ML 05 J 2288, and after committing the crime, he fled the scene to mine coal. of Beltola.
The Seng not only congratulates but also wishes all the mothers to be free from the problems and violence, and hopes that one day the mothers will receive the right support. it stands in the community.
Due to the bad weather conditions and the possibility of landslide along the Rngaiñ on the NH-40 Shillong – Dawki, the Sub-Divisional Officer (C), Pynursla Civil Sub-Division has called He advised the public to be careful and vigilant when walking on this road during these rainy seasons and to avoid it unless the work is not necessary.
“We strongly condemn the killing of Nasar Kyndait and three foreigners in the past few days by some unidentified bloodthirsty people,” said the statement. Chairman was Mr. D. Sumer and Mr. Emlang Sutnga was the General Secretary.
The party has strongly condemned the government for this.
India ranks third in the lowest Avg.
The government has already made all the security arrangements on the polling day.
The Deputy Commissioner in charge of JNV Schools in North Eastern State, KV Suresh, while talking to SP News Agency, said that the delay in completion of these two schools is due to the lack of staff. The reason is that the contractors have not obtained the Work Permit.
Tajum Dere of Arunachal Pradesh won the silver medal in 2.29:19 seconds while Kevinjohn Khyllait of Meghalaya won the bronze medal. 2:30:45 seconds.
On the other hand, these sleepers expressed their gratitude to this organization for having such an idea for the welfare of the people of the jaidbynriew. They requested the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to look into the shortcomings of the hospital and the working methods have been poor especially the Megha Health Insurance Scheme card. on Sundays as this affects especially the villagers who are far away from the villages as they have to come often.
India after gaining independence has faced many challenges.
The shad suk myneim also shows the world that the Khasi people have their own identity as a nation without taking it from other people.
Police are conducting investigation to find out whether the cause of death of these people was drowning or some other cause.
The Head Constable of Umiam Police Station has alleged that the policeman of Umiam Police Station has insulted the members of the party by accusing them of being the founders of the party. It is this violent act of the police which has caused a stir inside the Umiam Police station. He said that because the leaves of the trees cannot move without the wind, it is their own illegal behavior that has reached this point.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, after hearing the cases of the two parties who want to relocate the Wapung Block to Lumshong, has directed the Rangbah Shnongs to provide in writing so that the office can submit a report to the government.
Shillong, March 17: For the first time, the Meghalaya government has turned its attention to the Khasi medicine practitioners, in which the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, today convened the first meeting with the Khasi medicine practitioners. the Khasi medicine.
Earlier, Bah Tynsong said that at the beginning of the survey for the repair of the bypass road, it was suspended due to a misunderstanding between the NHIDCL and the village authorities.
Dr Donkupar's remarks on the HSPDP were based on the fact that the party is strong now, but on the other hand, the UDP leader said that if the HSPDP is strong enough, it will In his speech, the UDP leader said that now let them invite other ethnic parties to work with the UDP, and the UDP sees He urged the party to start working from now and the party will win in
With the participation of Samla Banshai, he had the opportunity to meet once again with the CE of the Distribution Department and handed over a letter of explanation.
Together they made 108 for the fourth wicket, ensuring that Meghalaya were within touching distance of the target with plenty of wickets still in hand.
On the 11th November, 2024, the Government of Meghalaya has launched the Hello Meghalaya Content Creators Award 2024 in collaboration with the Meghalaya Grassroot Music Project and the Hard Rock Café.
The UK-JHD (Land Revenue) Regulation, 1953, the Indian Stamp Act 1899 which made the Khasi States happy, the Land Acquisition Act 1894 or what we now call – The Right to fair Compensation and Transparency in Land Acquisition , Rehabilitation and Resettlement Act 2013, if The Coal Mines Nationalization Act 1973 and 1976,  if The Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act 1957;  Land Acquisition (Mines) Act 1885.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, DNR Marak, IPS, today said that the state police are looking for Nidu Barman. The 22-year-old was arrested from Sonatola village under Dangar Outpost under Mawsynram Police Station.
On the other hand, Mohrmen urged the government authorities to take the necessary measures so that it does not happen like what happened in connection with the coal mining.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Wing (HSPDP) Sandonbor Ryntathiang today said that they will hold a meeting on the issue of Khasi Jaintia State on November 5,
The Minister said that this money has not entered the budget of the state government, as the state needs the offices of the Deputy Commissioners, Block offices, schools with this fund. The money will be used to build these houses.
On the other hand, the EM said that the allocation of funds is the same for all the District Council Constituencies.
The government should look into this and stop these groups because their goal is only to make money.
In the case of the North East of India, if the thermal power generation does not require the approval of the Central Government, the CEA will only provide an explanation regarding the project.
Answering a question by the Symbut Myntri Rangbah, Bah Tynsong, said that those who commit crimes will be punished according to the law. of the law.
Therefore, the office has decided to close down the competition.
The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly also met with the Minister of Minorities of India, Jual Oram in Delhi who is the Cabinet Minister in the present government led by Modi as the Chief Minister of the state.
One person from East Jaintia Hills, 2 cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from Ri Bhoi District, 1 case from West Garo Hills, 1 case from East Khasi Hills and 1 case from Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, July 23: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP) this morning distributed food aid to 55 households in Mawthei village under Umroi district.
After this, they will be able to pay.
On the same day, there was also a fish release at Uniam River, Ri Bhoi District.
The union has sent a letter to the SDO of Pynursla Civil Sub Division to ban the illegal smuggling to Bangladesh on this Pynursla road. and other food products.
Police have conducted investigation at this place and found that this is the place where these people were killed and the robbers burnt the body before burying it in a grave.
The Minister said whether it is the eradication of drug cultivation or dissemination of information, the Ministry of Home Affairs in collaboration with various agencies and states, is doing what is necessary to make India a apart from drugs, but success will not be achieved without the participation of people.
His answers are merely rhetoric.
Shillong, March 19: The Congress has no intention of cooperating with any political party except the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Friday. BJP).
When we fight for the cause, of the nation, remember that we have nothing to lose.
The MHRC has registered a complaint against the killer on Tuesday and sent a letter to the Director General of Police.
Therefore, the KSU, together with the Father Sngi, held a big meeting at Malki Square and urged the national parties to unite, otherwise the people will take a decision, because when they run away, they die. ei that dkhiew.
The office of the Divisional Forest Officer of Nongstoin Division, which is also in charge of the three ports to Bangladesh, Borsora, Ceheragoan and Bagli, has not yet received the mining lease from the government. From this area, they are now in the dark about what to do.
During the meeting, the Manager of the company promised to take action on the complaint of the Seng for the sake of the people.
Bah Tynsong said that all the rules for entry and exit from the state will remain the same and those who enter the state will have to undergo an Antigen Test at the entry points and the rules announced by the state government. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will remain the same.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today approved the decision to cancel the establishment of the Nongpoh Town Committee which was issued on 5th Lber 2024 and the report was approved by the House. On 11/October/2024, the Chief Executive Member of Pyniaid will be appointed.
After that, Bah Hek at the request of the President of the party had to write a letter and had to approve it in the name of Bah Mawrie,” said Bah Shangpliang.
He said that there has been an understanding between Meghalaya and Assam that before any development works are carried out, the consent of both sides should be obtained so that the people should not become victims.
Furthermore, the identity of Assam will be displayed through traditional designs to strengthen the identity of Assam in this programme.
Samla Stream Niangti urged the government to declare a state holiday on this day and urged that the closure of cement factories and others on such a great day of the nation shows It is clear that they do not respect the sword of our country.
In a statement sent by the KSU Delhi today, the KSU under the leadership of its Vice President, Samla Wallamkupar Nongsiej after receiving a complaint from the family members of two Khasi girls and a Garo girl.
Shillong, June 18: The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today passed the Meghalaya Local Government Amendment Bill
Recently, members of the Laban Police Station raided the Shelter Home at Kench's Trace after a video was circulated on social media about the drug abuse of women and women. men in this area and at the same time that this area has become a den of drugs and prostitution.
: the mutdei is not clean; it is not the result of anything that is created or created; it is the sahit that is not clear.
Shulai said that the BJP in Delhi under the leadership of Narendra Modi has paid special attention to women and reminded that there are many women in India. who have had the opportunity to play chess in the field of khadar rule.
“We also urge the Government to resolve this issue as soon as possible because if the ASHAs continue their strike, it will affect the people of the State.
In response to this request, the Supreme Court has ordered to send T.5000 crore to the Central Registrar of Cooperative Societies (CRCS) from the Sahara-SEBI Refund Account to pay the debts of the people who have deposited money in the cooperatives. of the Shaara group.
New Delhi March 07: The Union Minister of State for Rural Development, Jairam Ramesh, today said in Parliament that the price of food items has been increased due to the increase in the price of beverages in the market. Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) scheme.
Shillong, Lber 28: U Bah Rocky Hek today distributed food items to the poor families living in Pynthor. -19.
Thousands of people have flocked to Laban to perform their rituals on this great day. their.
The meeting was divided into three parts and the topic to be discussed in the first part was the Sixth Schedule, its history and how it works in the Sixth Schedule areas in the tribal communities. in Meghalaya, the second part is the Supreme Court of India and the relationship with the District Councils in Meghalaya and the third part is the powers and functions of the District Council Courts. in which all the wise men shall judge these things.
The Meghalaya Retired Deficit School Teachers Association (MRDSTA) on Tuesday handed over a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma. The 5th Pay Commission has approved the 5th Pay Commission.
The CEO of Meghalaya, Dr. BDR Tiwari, said that there are 22,17,100 voters in the state so far. “Run for Democracy” was also held on the occasion.
Police have registered a complaint at Madanryting Police station on 22nd July 2022. The family members suspect that the deceased was murdered and police are conducting investigation.
Chyne said that there are other issues that the MDCs have discussed today including the traditional customs and others.
The union urges the police to take action against this incident, to find out the facts as soon as possible, as the delay on the part of the police department is an encouragement to the robbers, especially when now there is a sudden increase in the number of victims of violence, the disappearance of women mothers.
He said out of the 17,176 PACS, about 6,670 have started operating and the remaining PACS will start operating in the next 15 days.
Amit Shah said the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India has set a deadline to implement the demands of the ULFA and a committee will also be appointed to monitor it.
The HYC is still fighting for the ILP. It is no longer a sin, but it is the 60 MLAs who have sinned by taking a decision in the Legislative Assembly without following up. Thank you for your support.
NEIGHRIMS Hospital has screened the soldiers who came forward to donate their blood for the purpose of plasma and the hospital after screening has taken blood only from those who have to be taken for plasma transfusion.
Speaking to reporters, he said that there is a problem as it is now in terms of the management of electricity and if it is like this, the state will not be able to stay in darkness. Process said it would be difficult for the government to spend hundreds of crores every time. the problems faced by this state government company.
The CEO of MHIS said that the House has released T.70,70,47,938/- tyngka, the money is now available and will soon be paid. This amount and once this amount has been paid, they will proceed to prepare and implement this insurance in relation to the treatment of patients under this new scheme.
“Corruption includes the misuse of public funds, illegal appointments and misuse of power by those leaders,” he said.
According to police, Bah Kyndiah demanded T.10,000/- from V Arya who had applied for an assurance letter. Rs.5000/-.
Shillong, Nailur 02: Three persons were killed and 10 others injured in a road accident in Tynger village, Mawsynram. and 18 others were injured.
Shillong, November 09: The three organizations MeCAW, NEHUTA and MeTTA today urged all the members of the Academic Council of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) to Take part in a meeting tomorrow morning to protest against the proposal of Vice Chancellor Prof.SK Srivastava to amend the rules of the university.
Shillong, Nailur 27: U Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today visited the floods and landslides in West Khasi Hills District. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: U Bah Samlin Malngiang today announced that the HSPDP will nominate an MP candidate for the MDA government and this month it will announce the MDC candidates. for the election to be held in
The College would like to express its gratitude to the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh for his assistance for this tournament.
This was announced in a statement by Bah Edward Kurbah, General Secretary of the Mei-Sin Kur.
Myntri Rangbah Duh expressed his gratitude for the support received from the people and said that these suggestions are in line with this international summit.
Shillong, July 02: The BJP has won 46 MLAs in all 60 constituencies of Arunachal Pradesh today.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Principal of Pine Mount School, Shillong has changed the opening date of the school.
Wapung, March 08 : The Moopynie Socio-Cultural and Sports Organization (MSCSO) of Wapungskur, East Jaintia Hills, on Tuesday announced that , 2017 at 1 pm at Moopynieiñ Playground, has closed its 7Cash Prize Football Tournament which started on 5th July, 2017".
Shillong, Nailar 02: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 18 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in the state.
Shillong, Nailur 24: Answering a question by Bah Nujorki Sungoh on the demand to upgrade Laskein Block to Civil Sub Division, Home Minister James K Sangma said the government is still working on the upgradation of Laskein Block to Civil Sub Division. consider this request.
During the meeting, the MDC of Mawhati urged the CEM to issue a directive to all the Hima and Village Authorities to arrest any drug traffickers. it should provide an incentive for the police to become witnesses.
This ritual is usually held from Naitung after the planting of rice, this ritual is celebrated by the Pnars.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Following the complaint of the passengers on the Nongstoin-Sohpian road which is the main barrier to enter Nongstoin district headquarters, the contractor has complained about the delay in the construction of the road. street.
On the part of all these leaders, they expressed their feelings and aspirations and the most important thing is for the peace and stability in the society.
The ADG also visited the Composite Hospital, Shillong to meet with the soldiers who have been treated at the hospital.
The meeting received a report from Bah John F Kharshiing, Spokesperson, FKS, on the decisions and power point presentation he gave to the members of the Advisory Committee on Legislation and Legal Issues on the 4th. June 2019 in the presence of the MDCs. Bah John F Kharshiing said that the meeting which included the leaders of the EC KHADC together with many MDCs decided that the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement) 17 August 1948, and the FKS Dorbar decided to continue the talks with the KHADC authorities as part of creating the mechanisms for recognition. The Constitution of India provides for the powers of Kur Dorbar, Shnong Dorbar, Raid Dorbar and Hima Dorbar.
According to the latest news, all MPCC members have been ordered to attend the meeting which will start at 12 noon tomorrow morning.
In his speech, the Prime Minister said that the government's priority is in the field of health and education.
The government has spent T.2.85 crore on paying for the travel expenses of those returning from abroad, while T.6.11 crore has been spent on feeding those under quarantine.
Instead of resolving the issues, the GVK Company has done something wrong, said Bah Kharasawai, president.
All the winners also received a cash prize of 25,000 tyngka.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has built a house for a woman in Rangbalang village, South West Khasi Hills District. Thursday.
This demand of NESO has been going on for a long time but no action has been taken by the central government.
“At that time (when the eviction order was issued in 2023) we did not complain to the law enforcement authorities and we just talked to the village authorities but as the days went by they continued to violate the law. decide.
In his speech, he praised the initiative of CBC Shillong to organize this program and urged the students to go and watch it.
The plight of the teachers who have not passed the MTET is what will happen to them to look for jobs elsewhere even if they are too old. There is a way for those who have not passed the MTET examination to get a job so that they can support their children and run the household.
He urged the parents to take their children to this free vaccination programme. He urged the poor mothers to take this opportunity to get the vaccine. resources for health care.
Regarding the claim that the news about this garbage dump is fake news, even after the media and the union have been able to find out the truth, it is an attempt to accuse them of being spreading the Gospel.
Regarding these figures, all these figures will appear in the report of the Controller Auditor General which is released every year, as the financial situation of the state is in short supply. The Chief Minister and he will leave for Delhi to discuss the matter with the Central Government.
Shillong, November 26: Shillong Lajong FC beat Indian Arrows FC 2-0 in the first leg of the I-League 2013 at the Dr Ambedkar Stadium in New Delhi today. Shillong Lajong won 3-0
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Pyniaid said that the KHADC will issue Trading Licenses to those who are entitled and those who do not have the right to receive Trading Licenses will not be issued. They shall proceed according to the laws and the Rangbah Shnongs have been directed to look into it.
On the same day, after the opening of the Public Toilet and Footpath in Umblai Village, the MDC of the area also visited Mawkria Village to open the Jingkieng. (Footbridge) in Wahshkot Village which has been allocated Tk 2 lakh and also for the Footpath which has been allocated Tk 1 lakh.
Nick Rai, 22, was seriously injured in a road accident at Umling today and was taken to GNRC Hospital Guwahati.
Q Laloo, Phillo Passah, Hebormi Sunoh, Casien Suchiang, Following.
Senebi Syngkli and Angel Mary Mylliem Umlong won in the 55 kg category.
Immediately stop your struggle and worry about Work Permit for foreigners.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister said that if there is any government, it will not be responsible.
And we must not allow our foundations to collapse for a while or to fall and be destroyed by the money.
The march will start from the ground floor of the Community Hall, Jaiaw Lumpyllon to Motphran and will end at Madan Student, Jaiaw Pdeng with a street play by the students of Martin Luther Christian University. .
Speaking as the chief guest, Arunkumar Kembhavi, Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills District, praised the school for its achievements. The students of this school have passed well, in Commerce they have passed 100% and in Arts 96.30%.
Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA of the Congress said that they are clear that they cannot fight for the sake of peace and order. a meeting convened by the chief minister of the state.
In a petition submitted to the Prime Minister signed by the President, Bah Kolmen Pohshna and Secretary, Bah Sumer Syngkor, they said that the agricultural products that the people of War Jaintia cultivate well are the rice, the sugarcane, the tympew but now they are facing difficulties due to the sudden drop in the price of these crops in the market until the farmers have faced difficulties to feed their families.
The Dulir-juban-tyrwa in each case includes consensus and/or promotes a new idea with the ideas prescribed as previously published.
At present, those who have received permits as Bike Taxis must have a stem number plate and must put Bike Taxi Stickers on their vehicles.
According to the latest reports, the task of the Expert Committee or Expert Agency to be appointed by the government will be only to go and measure the radiation in the Nongbah Jynrin area. Find out whether the truth is true or not.
Shillong, March 22: The Meghalaya government wants to set up a State Zoo at Umtrew in Ri Bhoi District. The preparations have been going on since 2005 but no signs have been seen yet. The state zoo at Umtrew in Ri Bhoi District will be completed by the Forest Department in a few years.
Do you have a cement factory in your state? Since 2010, the JYF has filed a complaint against the cement plants for their damage to the environment, hills, rivers and so on, but the government has not done anything or taken action. punish them.
Jowai, November 18: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has found that the Blood Bank in Jowai has been closed for three years. The Drugs and Cosmetics Department of the Union Government has already appointed Doctors, Staffs Nurses, Lab Technicians, Attendance Clubs and other that wei.
East Khasi Hills District Police Chief M Kharkrang said that the two men had left for Assam after visiting Joggipa and Bonggaigaon in Assam.
These seedlings were distributed to the farmers through a scheme from the Department of Horticulture and this is the first distribution of these seedlings in the South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Lber 13: Police in East Jaintia Hills District have arrested three illegal coal trucks from Phramer and two from Umkiang. Four of these vehicles are from Assam and one from Meghalaya.
Silbi Passah has been selected to receive the Padmashree Award for her contribution to the promotion of traditional music and dance, while Bah AL Hek has been awarded the Padmashree Award. as a skilled Minister and a tireless public servant during the 25 years he has been the Leader of Pynthorumkhrah Constituency and besides his great contribution to the state and the country as a whole.
Many issues have been discussed in this regard and the government should take action to protect women and children.
Shillong, July 06: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has issued a notice that liquor shops in East Khasi Hills District will open from 10.00 am today and will remain closed until 8.00 pm. afternoon
ADG of IG BSF Eastern Frontier Harbax Singh Dhillon was accompanied by ADG of IG BSF Eastern Frontier Harbax Singh Dhillon, who explained the jobs and problems faced by the border guards. the road that they have taken to the border.
He said that he joined the BJP with the intention of bringing about development in the state and the North East. It is not to talk to all the political parties, civil society organizations in the North East.
Out of the 4450 households who have received electricity till 15th July, 2019, it has now reached 4,00,812 lakh.
Once again, HITO condemns the MSOA members who have thoughtlessly elected a non-tribal, and warns that from now on, the leading positions in every State Association should be held by tribals.
He said that the names of the officers appointed by the Lokayukta have been issued in the order dated 19th November 2023 showing that IW Ingty IAS has been appointed as Director. of Inquiry, C Momin MPS as a member, J Sangma MPS as a member and B Dingngan MPS as a member.
Li's visit to Europe will begin next month but details have not been released.
It is learned that after seeing that there was a demand for money from the HNLC in which his name appeared, he was shocked and lodged a complaint at Mawlai Police Station. He also went to meet the police on the complaint he had filed.
They also spoke about the issuance of licenses by the DTO office to foreigners which has affected the state residents.
The meeting was held at the Conference Hall at the Main Secretariat.
It is not a self-defense or a civil war like the police.
The donation from the MLA of this area is for all groups, organizations or religions as well as schools, this donation has amounted to T.9, 15,000/- tyngka and this amount These donations are from the discretionary grant and salary of the MLA. Such donations by the MLA are unprecedented events in human life but the MLA has put This Committee should look into the matter because in human nature there are situations that require urgent assistance.
The award ceremony was held at the office of the Rotary Club Shillong. M War Secretary, Information Department, Government of Meghalaya and Bah BS Sohliya Director, Information Department. The President of Rotary Club Shillong, A. Paul was also present.
(iii) To ensure that the commitments are fair, reasonable and verifiable and outline the ways in which funds can be raised for them.
Pala said the decision not to support the NPP-led EC in KHADC was taken after a thorough consultation with the leaders in Delhi.
Mukul Sangma's government has been unable to introduce laws to curb the illegal entry of mynder. The members of the union suddenly attacked the company's headquarters.
Through this CSP, poor or low income people and especially those who work in small jobs can open an account, where they can deposit only 10 tyngka initially and up to now the day it was opened, there were 29 people who opened accounts.
In Shillong, a 28-year-old man named Satya has stabbed two pedestrians at Lapalang Shilong. The injured are Mercy. 27-year-old Jyrwa and 11-year-old Lawrence Kharkrang.
The protest of the NEHU day laborers is that the salary should be the same for those who work in the same job, the surprising thing is that the salary differs between fellow employees who do the same job, here that they will demand the same wages for the same work done.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Garo Students' Union (GSU) has written a letter to the Garo Students' Union (GSU) after meeting with the Home Minister of India, Amit Shah in Shillong. These signs have been written by the GSU across Garo Hills, especially in Tura. These signs have been written by the GSU to show the government that the people Meghalaya has demanded ILP. Such articles have been written across the Khasi Hills by the KSU and the articles are demanding ILP to be implemented in Meghalaya. Meghalaya has been approved by the Legislative Assembly.
The NSS members who attended the meeting can understand from their current position.
When the elders saw that it was indeed a box, they informed the police and the police immediately rushed to the scene.
Those who come to renew their trading licenses must also have obtained a No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong, and must have the necessary documents.
Thousands of devotees from all over the parishes in Ri Lum Khasi Jaintia have taken part in all the religious services from the time of the Holy Mass to the time of the Holy Mass. The procession was concluded with the blessing of the Holy Sacrament by the Rev Dominic Jala.
These will be the worst affected victims of the subject Social Science in
Who forced the government to bring doctors to the CHC when there is no doctor? Is it the officials of Mawsynram Village or the FKJGP?
On the other hand, KHNAM also handed over to Bah Carlos a letter stating the decisions taken and the principles of the party.
The Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur, has expressed its deep anger over the turning of Wapungskur into a mortuary house by robbers.
He said that on the opening day, a truck carrying sohsaw was sent in first and the union congratulates the MIECC for expressing their willingness to help in the marketing of agricultural products.
There are 6 recoveries, 2 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from West Garo Hills and 2 from West Jaintia Hills. people so far.
Birla said the launch of 5G services is a sign of the beginning of India's journey.
Similarly, the CAMPA schemes funded by the central government have brought economic development to the community by creating income opportunities for the villagers.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly will start on the 9th of this month and will last for only six days. The state will go to the elections in June
In a statement, Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills Rituraj Ravi said that police are conducting investigation into the seizure of the bomb.
The awareness program was attended by the Head Teacher of Upper Primary School Mrs IW Suliang, staff of Pengshakap Phc and Dr.H Synmon who is the Resource Person on the theme “Avoid sitting childbirth affects health".
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: U Bah Latiplang Kharkongkor, the CEM candidate of the United Democratic Forum (UDF) including the Congress, three NPP MDCs and independent members, after reviewing the nomination papers. Speaking to media after the scrutiny of the nomination papers, Bah Latiplang said that as MDCs, he was nominated by the UDF. They held a meeting last night and elected him as the leader of the Parliamentary Party of the UDF and today they came to file their nomination to contest the CEM election tomorrow. as announced by the Speaker of the House yesterday.
Therefore, the plaintiffs find that the CAA 2019 cannot stand and has no basis to stand, it violates and discriminates against the minority tribals ie Khasi, Jaintia, Garo and other minorities.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, will be the chief guest. The meeting was held to bring unity and at the same time to show that there is care. him.
There are 38 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 15 from West Garo Hills, 3 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from East Garo Hills, 2 from North Garo Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of cases so far has risen to
The reason for this year's theme is to fight against tobacco use because 1.3 billion people in the world are affected by tobacco use. million people use tobacco, 8 million drink and eat tobacco and 1 million people are affected by the use of others.
Shillong, July 07: Speaking on the statement of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday said that the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has said that The Prime Minister's immediate reaction to the HNLC statement shows that his government is afraid of the BJP and the HNLC especially if the President's rule comes to power in the state.
Shillong, March 26: The KSU Umdohlun Circle under the leadership of Samla Dusterwell K. Lyngdoh, Organizing Secretary, KSU Umdohlun Circle today visited Bah Pius Marwein, MLA. Ranikor Constituency to express its concern over the problems of farmers in Wahkaji, Phlangdiloin, Umdohlun and Warsan Lyngdoh areas.
Furthermore, the urgent matters are that according to the Administration of Mylliem Syiemship Rule 2015, all the Dorbar Shnongs, should keep their funds and accounts in proper manner which means that they should open a bank account in the name of the Dorbar. Villages but as it is from the Kur Dorbars, Shnong Dorbars, Raid Dorbars and Hima Dorbars do not have the opportunity to open bank accounts due to the lack of recognition by the Constitution of India, and the lack of PANs. Card, and the Income Tax Act
Therefore, the arrival of the Head of State will make the tournament even more memorable for the people of Garo Hills.
He said that there has been an increase in resources and also in terms of skilled people in the jobs where employers from the accommodation and aviation sectors have started going. to these states to employ people.
He said the minister in the government led by Dr DD Lapang had remained an MLA during the tenure of Dr Mukul Sangma and five months before the elections to the Legislative Assembly, He is a Minister in the Government of Dr Mukul Sangma.
The fire destroyed three transformers.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has recently made it clear that he cannot suspend the three police chiefs. parties ask for clarification what reason cannot be granted for temporary removal.
Regarding the CrPF camps in Mawlai, they have been set up temporarily but they have been in these areas for many years and the government has taken measures to remove them from the area. The CrPF want to leave and at the same time a place has to be built for them.
Police seized 92 small bags of heroin weighing 99.21 grams, 51 bags, 13 boxes of soap, one mobile phone and one. your Aadhaar card.
Shillong, Nailur 21: There are 150 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 66 cases in Ri Bhoi District and 26 cases in Ri Bhoi. There are 1878 deaths so far.
The leaders of the four organizations said that the health department of the state government has clarified that the health of each and every one of us will be maintained. Shillong, Jymmang 9: The arrival of aid to India from other countries and the country's efforts against the disease and the immediate release of aid to the states of UT 6738 Oxygen Concentrators have been installed; 3856 oxygen cylinders; 16 Oxygen Generation Plants; 4668 Bi PAP ventilators; About 3 lakh pills of Remdesivirr have been distributed till 09 June
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that newspapers should not be bought by political parties. , he said this at the launch of the 16 page Mawphor newspaper.
He said that during these 100 days the government will bring in vehicles that use vehicles to use the light and for this there will be three or four charging points for vehicles and this will also be for other vehicles. Government agencies should not be able to do anything within these 100 days.
As a Seng that lives to ensure the welfare of our fellow citizens and that has a concern for the problems of our brothers and sisters, we cannot sit idly by and listen to the money that has been spent. up to 36 crore rupees in the name of development.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Shakliar Warjri MLA of the party and Minister of State in charge of Sports and others, expressed his satisfaction to see that today he has been able to achieve the goal. to open the work of the HSPDP party in Jaintia Hills.
The meeting was conducted by Prof H Syiem, was attended by Bah Toki Blah and others.
They called for the NPP-led MDA government, took the name of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and condemned the Home Minister Lahkem Rymbui. , as well as Mr. Prestone.
Pohshna requested the Engineer, SE MeECL West Jaintia Hills and SDO MeECL Amlarem Sub Division to take immediate action to find ways and means to provide transformers to the villages which have not yet received transformers and provide electricity to the villages. Because the Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia, Amlarem Sub Division are the ones who work with MeECL to provide the needs in any area.
At the same time, the Chief Minister has urged the people of Meghalaya to be vigilant in their travels to prevent the spread of this disease in Meghalaya.
If the central government takes action, it should direct small aircraft to land at this place and this will help the passengers and most importantly the students studying abroad. let's go.
The districts with the highest number of cases are East Garo Hills 10, East Jaintia Hills 4, East Khasi Hills 182, Ri Bhoi 2, South Garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills 2, West Khasi Hills 6 total cases
I am confident that our Constitution will guide us, serve as our friend and advisor in this matter.
B Nongkhlaw, Senior Scientist and Head of KVK West Khasi Hills, along with the officials of Mairang Village and on behalf of the Hima.
The Government of India can provide support in relation to other more technical activities.
“We stand firm on the ground that if they cannot do anything against these illegal houses even after finding out the truth from the inspection, it will force us to take this matter into our own hands by closing down these houses. The Deputy Commissioner and the DSO will have to take responsibility,” said Bah Synrem.
In a statement sent by the Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, it said, “This is a public information that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has received information from the authorities. NEIGHRIHMS said that regarding the suspected case of COVID-19, the test has been completed and found not to be COVID-1
He said that during his tenure as MP, he worked hard to get financial assistance from the central government to build a center for research on the Garo people.
The meeting was also conducted with a thanksgiving ceremony by Sohblei Bernard G.Pala.
The HNLC has alleged that the Khasi chiefs were forcibly signed the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement in 1948, although they opposed it because they were allegedly threatened with gunfire.
The village leaders immediately informed the Mawngap Police Station and the body of the man was taken to the ground by the fire brigade.
At the same time, he congratulated all the election officers in Meghalaya who have worked hard until the end of this election. Special thanks to the police and journalists for their hard work.
The union demands that MeECL should pay compensation to the families who lost their lives in Nongthymmai-Neng village under Mawphlang Block. of East Khasi Hills District.
When the country was under foreign rule, there were attempts to divide the nation in various ways.
There has been a significant increase of 18 to 20 percent in the last three years.
Shillong, Iaiong 04: Union Minister of State for Home Affairs Nityanand Rai today visited the BSF headquarters at Dawki on the Bangladesh border.
Era Business School has also announced that it will not accept new admissions for the new batch of PGDM program for the year 2014-2
The KSU urges all those poiei under the umbrella of the CWC to be careful not to get injured because the KSU will not sit idly by and listen to the complaints of these poiei. he is the Khasi people of the country.
You must have a valid offer.
The JalJeevan Mission was announced by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi on 15th July, 2019 to bring water to every household in rural areas by
In terms of rice, dai and umphniang, there are 23 varieties of food items.
Now, if the CM repeals the laws like the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act, the Meghalaya Job Reservation Policy, the Sixth Schedule, the Trading by Non Tribal Act and others, they can even if they oppose.
John F Kharshiing, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, said that if the Government of India does not investigate these incidents in Shillong, the Government of India will find that the incident is caused by lack of recognition. These rules of the Dorbar Khasi States, Sirdars, Dolloi, Nokma, under the Constitution of India which are the main cause of the protests in Meghalaya from time to time.
Shillong, Iaiong 10: The Union Minister of State for Sports, Jitender Singh, on Tuesday said that he is deeply saddened by the delay in completing the work for the sports youth of the North East. The Union Minister said this during a meeting between Raninder Singh, the new President of the National Rifle Association of India (NRIA) and Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, President, Vice-President, Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA). He said that he will do his utmost to ensure that this site should be completed as soon as possible and he said that before he comes to the North East, he will visit the site himself.
Answering a question, Kitbok said that the Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Hek said that the Urban Affairs Department has been in charge of the project. Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Center in Upper Shillong.
After the meeting, Bah Paul Lyngdoh Working President of the party said that the MLA of Nongkrem has not given a reply even after the pork given to him has expired. .
The 52-year-old was born in Subir Marak.
The construction of this dairy farm is part of the Dairy Mission scheme of the Central Government to ensure that the people who breed milk cows will become another source of income for them. Young people who are young enough to make this job one of the sources of income.
Dr Azad Zaman won the MLA election from the Congress party in 2018. Dr Azad completed his MBBS from Rajiv Gandhi University, Bangalore.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 70 people have tested positive for COVID-19 today. Garo Hills 6, West Garo Hills 6, South Garo Hills 3, East Jaintia Hills 2, South West Garo Hills 2, and West Jaintia Hills 01, the total number of cases is
Regarding the benami trafficking, the HYC demands that the government should change this, where the witnesses should not be given by the accused but by the accused who should prove that he is not. three anonymous.
Measures have been taken to strengthen the APMC and the Agriculture Infrastructure Fund.
The Deputy Commissioner said he had received information through the Superintendent of Police that members of the HYC had gone to demolish the illegally built lyntang houses in the area at Lum Survey.
Police also recovered a plastic bag containing 24 bags of Nitrajepam tablets containing 10 pills weighing 2.4 grams.
Referring to those who are still staying in the state, Prestone said that they cannot be given bills because they are already in the state. There are tenants who have stayed in the area who have not left.
Although this Bill will be implemented in the whole country, it is the states in the North East.
Condemning the incident, the NPP leader demanded that the law enforcement agencies should punish all those involved in this act of violence.
Welcoming the delegates, Prime Minister Duh said, “The people of India are pleased to welcome you on this special occasion as we create a new future together.
The purpose of this celebration is to bring closer the people and the law enforcement agencies especially the police. Their presence in the area is to provide protection to the people.
On this occasion, Lapang recalled the contribution of Dibir Lyngdoh and Captain William Sangma in the independence of Meghalaya. He also thanked the leaders of the Khasi people who have contributed in many ways.
Shillong, November 21: Residents of Pomlakrai village today found a body hanging in the village. Those who saw it have informed the police.
The villages affected are Sarveshawar Para, Boga Para, Manudas Para, Bhagawan Tilla and Bandar Singh Para. Tabalchari police station.
In the first phase, the Aspirational Districts will be covered, which currently do not have hospitals affiliated to Ayushman.
On the same day, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, also launched the School Magazine of the school. region.
The whole film is about the uniqueness of the residents of Khongthong village who have all performed the “jingrwai iawbei” which has become the soundtrack to express their motherly love for their children. they are not yet born.
Therefore, we invite you all to join us on that day.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Laloo said that it is an honor for the State as a whole to hold such a tournament.
The demands of the Congress party in the petition are that the RBI should now give the right to the people to withdraw their money without any restrictions. Modi should publicly explain the demands of the Congress party on behalf of the people of India.
At the same time, the union urges the traders to believe this order of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and approved by the District Council to avoid lodging a complaint with the Syiem or the police.
India's startup activity has grown from about 400 startups listed in 2014 to about 85,000 registered startups and more than 100 unicorns worth a total of about $350 billion.
Speaking to reporters at the office of B Basaiawmoi Secretary KHADC, she said that at about 12 and 12.30 pm, unidentified persons came and shouted and rushed into the office. They entered the office of the CEM and when they found that he was not there, they threw his name on the ground and threw a stick and threw it into his office. The employees of the CEM have been reduced, said Basaiawmoit.
The transfer of permits to ensure the continuation of mineral concessions, the expiration of the rights of concession holders who received mining leases without auction to ensure that concessions to the people and private teams come only through auction.
"There may also be some local robbers who have taken advantage of this crime and we urge the Government to take action against these criminals," he said. The VPP has also alleged that the foreign meat traders have increased the price in order to deprive the local meat traders of the meat.
He recalled the words of Bah BB Lyngdoh, former CM of the state who used to say that the Congress party is a big house with many rooms and many times the ethnic parties have They lived together in the same house, and to this day they live in the same house.
The UDP has led Bah Laitsing Shylla to win the election for the post of Chairman of the JHADC without any opposition.
He said that it is true that 30 cows have been informed that they can import cows from Assam, but there is no language and the cows should have read the law “The Assam Cattle”. Preservation Act, 2021" This Act allows the transportation of slaughtered cows only in those states where there is a slaughtering law.
MR said that the states should be encouraged to provide accurate information on the status of the disease in their areas without penalizing or ignoring them if there are many cases.
The funeral service of Pynshisha S.Marbaniang will be held tomorrow 5th July 2021 at the Church of God Mawlai Motsyiar.
In the same letter, she requested the Governor not to accept her name as sent by the CEM of KHADC, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor as the de CEM of KHADC. Shillong, Jymmang : The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) in a statement said that the Meghalaya government has strongly criticized the Meghalaya government for refusing to sanction additional posts in Sngap Syiem. College Mawkyrwat like other colleges in Meghalaya is an insult, insult and insult to the South West Khasi Hills District.
To impose a temporary curfew on the National Highways of the State in the evening hours to check those entering and especially those passing through Meghalaya such as those coming from Silchar or Guwahati and other entry points. sha you state.
He said that to clarify the message, he will send the message to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who will speak in Garo.
The two-day festival started yesterday, the 5th of this month. Before the festival, there was a thanksgiving and prayer to God. Lord, may he make this festival a joyful and happy festival, so that the participants, men and women, together with the duhalia and the visitors, may be able to receive the blessings. Blei who is full of joy.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the importance of a strong law enforcement system as the foundation of Viksit Bharat.
It is strictly prohibited to gather more than five persons within 200 meters around the Meghalaya High Court.
We urge the law enforcement authorities to take action not to grant bail to such a person, because his actions were not an accident but a murder of Daphishisha Kharsati. We urge the law enforcement agencies to investigate further, lest there be many more whom he has killed.
To those who know how to cheat, that deceitfulness becomes the earning of their righteousness.
He said it is necessary to change this through the participation of local people and informing the country about the work of local activists, intellectuals, designers and activists for the building a new India.
Himalaya said that in 2020, during the CORONA pandemic, the government had increased the fare and reduced the number of passengers, but now that the SOPs have been tightened, it has reversed it. The price of petrol has increased every day without thinking that the price of petrol has increased every day.
Regarding the reply of the Minister, Bah Bamon said that he is surprised to receive such a reply because the people in the area have been insulted by the insurgents from Karbi. The government has no information in this regard.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The National People's Youth Front (NPYF) on Saturday held its North East Regional Conference in Tura. to be able to be and bring about unity within the Party on the part of the youth throughout the North East.
Speaking to media, the President of the party, Bah Tohmondiam Mukhim, said that the party has found that there are many shortcomings when the members of the party went to get information and inspect them. These health centers are still under Amlarem Civil Sub-Division.
What kind of intelligent world is like this? Our country and nation have fallen into such a tragedy, 'we have sat and stood and stood'
The KSU believes that the Legislative Assembly should discuss well so that it can stop these 8 foreigners and also to eradicate such incidents in the coming years.
He concluded by urging all to move forward in the faith in SabkaPrayas and take the cause of Healthy India and Prosperous India to new heights.
“We strongly condemn the robbers who robbed and injured the Rangbah Shnong of KSU Jalaphet Unit,” said Samla Emmon Chyrmang President KSU Jalaphet Unit.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: According to an RTI received by the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) from KHADC, in the past three years, from July 2014 to March 2016, it has been found that there are 475 trading license applicants from KHADC. The KHADC has already approved 450 of these.
The Rules, 2017, enacted by the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change, Government of India, are a violation of the rights of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people. Through these rules, strict rules have been introduced and the State Governments have been directed to establish a State Animal Welfare Board (SPCA). They must register with the District Animal Market Monitoring Committee (DAMMC) and can set up or open a cow, goat, fish market only after they have complied with up to 16 requirements. or keep an animal in a public place, you shall not sell an animal without getting a lot of money.
The meeting was opened by Bah V.Swer, MCS, BDO, Nongstoin C&RD, and moderated by Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board. In the presence of hundreds of Gram Sevaks and Government officers from the State Rural Employment Society (SRES).
He also praised the hard work and dedication of Bah Meker Shwa Wann to work for the welfare of SSA teachers in the past nine years even though he is not an SSA teacher. It is difficult to find such people who are willing and selfless for the benefit of others and the Laskein Block Unit is fortunate to have a leader like Bah.
He urged farmers, entrepreneurs, traders and those involved in these activities to work hard so that Meghalaya can play a major role in India's plan to reach exports. 400 billion dollars in 2021-2
To comply with the rules, the KHADC has prepared vehicles to be disinfected before entering the office, before entering the office to wash their hands and before entering the office building to be tested. If it exceeds the limit set by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, these employees have to send those who come home.
At the same time, the Seng requests the students who have received distinction in Khasi to inform the Seng.
At the meeting held on January 26, 2023.
This decision will apply to all government departments, except those related to Police, Forest Guard, Home Guard and Civil Defence.
The second release of the SRWP scheme 2019-2020 through Mawkynrew C&RD Block has amounted to T.47,90,0
He said that through this, even a person in a remote area with Aadhaar will be able to get the benefits of the government and this will help the people to get the benefits in the country. district of Meghalaya.
He said that during the meeting, they discussed how to strengthen the security on the border with Bangladesh and to find ways how to strengthen it further. shiah in the border areas with Bangladesh.
Shillong, Nailur 15: Shillong Lajong Junior Boys (U-19) on Tuesday won the All India Invitational Football Tournament 2013 at Golaghat, Assam.
Police have stepped up their search operation against drug traffickers across the state.
Shillong, July 26: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) in a statement has expressed its strong opposition to the government's decision to allow the North East Frontier Railways (NFR) to start construction. the railway line to Byrnihat.
Shillong, March 10: The Cabinet meeting today has decided to increase the price of petrol and diesel by T.2.50/- per liter from tomorrow. sun.
The Chief Minister has already said that all these blocks will start working from the 1st of June.
The Prime Minister said that this discussion was in front of him and it is on this basis that he holds what was said on the decision and it is on the basis of agreement and by understanding they have been included in the you are a minister today.
Shillong, Naitung 29: Mrs. India Universal, Sabina P Warjri today conducted a free medical treatment for children under 40 years of age at RB Anoop Chand Hindi Secondary School. children have benefited.
One is in relation to the Land Transfer Act, which states that non-Khasis cannot buy land. but I cannot inherit it.
Guwahati, November 11: The Assam government has set up a new police station in Nilachal Hills, near the Kamakhya Temple.
On the other hand, UK Nayal, DIG in charge of BSF Media, said that they will do their utmost to help the people to get rid of the diseases.
When the new CEM is elected, will the Mang Tyngka be brought back?  Doesn't it have a right, doesn't it have a law, doesn't it have a way to suspend the List of Business and submit a No Confidence Motion?” asked Bah Chyne.
The bomb was found on private property and police have placed it in a safe place while the Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad is conducting an investigation. detailed.
Replying to a supplementary question by George, the Minister said that the Inter State Border Area Development Scheme is only one of the development projects but there are other development projects that have been implemented in the villages. border with the state of Assam.
Regarding the power outage in the state, it is a great concern even on the part of the government as it affects the people and especially the students who are still in the middle of their examinations. “Nothing can be done because there is a shortage of electricity between 20% and 30% in the state,” he said.
The people of Mawkhar-Jaiaw, on the other hand, cannot prove that they are indeed the brains of the Khasi-Jaintia Hills as they used to say.
The Commission has also sought a detailed report on the incident from the Director General of Police (DGP) Meghalaya.
At the same time, Bah Shylla said that the KHADC has decided to set up a Rural Development Department for the implementation of the building. MUDA is under the District Council.
The government should complete the Ganol hydel power project, should build tourist attractions and should do these as soon as possible, the blocks that the government has said. to create new Sub Divisions should be expedited for the benefit of the people.
In the presence of Bah Lasting Pala, Waheh Shnong and Bah Nicholas Lyngdoh, Secretary Shnong, Conveners of the Covid 19 Relief Fund Committee Umkiang. .
He said that they have now opened the flower garden for the public to visit the garden free of charge, but those who visit the garden have been warned not to touch them. flowers can see and draw pictures of them.
In a statement issued today, the SP of East Khasi Hills District said that this has been done for the safety of the people and this will come into force from tomorrow morning.
“Regarding the problem, many people say that it is not appropriate to build Rehabilitation Centers in the villages, but the Dorbar Shnongs should understand that these problems do not happen only within five or seven villages. villages but it is spread throughout the state.
Shillong, Naitung 19: A Ford Ikon vehicle fled the scene at 2.30 pm this morning while police were conducting a search operation on GS Road.
All the villages were urged to hold such rallies to force the government to introduce strong laws to punish the perpetrators.
The chairman of the company will be the Minister in charge of Power and the Managing Director of MEEPL will be the Secretary to the Power Department of the State Government.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Secretary of the Executive Committee of the Jaintia Hills District Council, Kong R Phawa today issued a public announcement that due to COVID-19, those Waheh Shnongs who have expired their term of office They shall continue their duties as Waheh Shnong.
He said that the Council will not rest to close down any shops of foreigners who trade in heritage without proper permits from the District Council.
Concerns about the future of politics keep arising.
“Tourism is now part of the needs for economic development where states can also promote cooperation and integration in any region.
The participants of the Fit India Run have followed the rules to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Pharmaceutical manufacturers will advance the price to ensure 50% reach to State Governments and markets before January 1, 2021.
In his speech , the Chief Minister of Nagaland , Neiphiu Rio , demanded that the Central Government should pass a law to provide employment to the people law to provide food.
“Mr Rangbah Duh said that when the Government works with integrity, the intentions of the people also change.
Shillong, Lber 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the state government will cancel the permit of the company which has allowed the construction of the Shillong Medical College. face to hand over to others who will be able to carry on the building.
“I have already sent a letter to the President and General Secretary of the party to express my readiness to contest the Lok Sabha elections, but the party has not responded to me,” he said.
The Court of Special Judge (POCSO), Shillong on the 6th of this month sentenced Drestar Kurbah to 20 years imprisonment and a fine of 10,000 tyngka.
Speaking to reporters, Martamlin Pyrbot and Michael Kharsyntiew said that he has joined the BJP and in the first phase he intends to apply for a ticket to contest the election. .
Shillong, Naitung 09: There are 15 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 4 cases in Ri Bhoi, 3 cases in West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Jaintia Hills. 82 people.
They were more different from their heads.
Shillong, Naitung 29: A group of civil society organizations have requested the people to attend a public meeting at Madan Student on Tuesday to protest against the government's plan to take more land. Government for the New Shillong Township.
Marngar questioned the government about the bombing death of one of the KSU members, Lurshai Hynniewta, in which the people of the state have not received any information yet on how many people are involved and how many. Twenty-three have been convicted so far but these two oh just disappeared.
Customs (Preventive), HQ, Shillong have seized 68.87 kilos of Kerbei and 11.536 kilos of Ambergris Whale Vomit. Flame, the son of an Orangutan.
Shillong, Lber 06: U Teinwell Dkhar has won the election as Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) without any opposition. Similarly, for the post of Lamphang in the KHADC, Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem won without any opposition as no one has registered to contest the Lamphang election in the KHADC. The Secretary to the Legislative Assembly of KHADC, Bah M Kharkrang, told reporters that no one has filed their nomination papers except Bah Teinwell Dkhar for the post of CEM and Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem. For the purpose of the election, without any nomination, they won without any opposition.
Shillong, May 30: Shillong Lajong FC's Aenam Jyrwa has been selected for Team India in the AFC U-1 He scored the first goal of the match against Nepal in Dushanbe, Tajikistan on Tuesday. He scored this goal before the end of the match.
In Meghalaya, there are 7 cases of the disease.
There were many games to entertain the public, such as a questionnaire where the participants from different villages, a dance, a drawing competition, there was also a demonstration that we should know the traditional costumes of the people. Many people have come to take part in this festival. There are many people who have come to take part in this festival.
“At the meeting (between the State Government and the leaders of the Harijan Panchayat Committee) in the past few days, they said that they will relocate by giving 1.4 acres of land, maybe this is a rigging for the MP and MDC elections,” he said. Nongrum in a statement sent via video to the media.
The expenditure will be T.6,000 crore and out of this T.252.68 crore has been spent till
Speaking to reporters, S Ryntathiang said that his resignation from the party has no reason.
Shillong, Nailar 15: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has registered a complaint against the death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
Davidson Lyngdoh said that this initiative of the government will affect the poor, low income people, farmers in many areas, especially in the field of farming. loans from banks.
This method of planting rice will help the farmers to produce more annual crops.
During the heavy rains, bridges have also been damaged due to flooding as well as farmers' crops, electricity posts and many other government buildings.
Shillong, March 18: The Government of Meghalaya has called for a 36 hour curfew on the 21st and 22nd of this month. the president of the country in Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: U Bah Witting Mawsor MLA of Mawthungkut MLA on Tuesday said that he will contest the MLA election 2018 even though his brother Bah Morning Mawsor MDC will not contest the MLA election from the same constituency. constituency.
Shillong, June 13: The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) today issued a warning of thunderstorms in parts of Meghalaya and Assam.
Therefore, the government should implement the ILP in Meghalaya immediately as soon as possible.
The Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLU) has lodged a complaint against the illegal traders and workers across the districts of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem.
Regarding the meeting scheduled to be held today, the union could not hold it due to the lack of attendees. At the same time, the union demands that it should be suspended. first regarding the implementation of this smart meter.
Regarding this, the police have confiscated their jhur and soh and loaded them into police vehicles and the union has demanded from the government to pay the fine of the jhur vendors.
Invest India, in collaboration with the Ministry of Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya, has conducted the ODOP Sampark program in Shillong.
If the Government does not continue, he said, it will greatly affect the feelings of the people of Hynniewtrep.
The fight came to an end after the fight of 39 Kur.
For example, the degree course will be four years and three years to complete the degree and one year will be trained to prepare for the UPSC and MPSC examinations so that they can pass the examinations to get the government. He said that they will strive to appoint teachers from the state and those who do not get teachers from the state will be invited from abroad.
To urge the President of India to direct the Union Ministry of Home Affairs to implement the directives of the NCST and the terms and conditions of the IOA & AA, signed with It was approved by the Government of India on 17 August
However, let the laws of the central government on environmental protection come into force.
Shillong, March 24: The Association of Hima Chiefs has written to the CEM of KHADC to demand that the District should pass a law on the Dorbar Kurs to regulate them. There are currently 3367 Khasi tribes.
The Congress party in Meghalaya will send the names of all the candidates who have applied for tickets and the final decision will be taken by the Central Election Committee. According to sources, the independent MLAs who want to join the Congress party have to resign as MLAs first. The MPCC Election Committee (MPCC) has announced that it will hold a meeting today.
The Court authorized him to remain in Police custody for 40 days.
According to the complaint of the job seekers, unless they complete their training in Shillong and unless they get a job in Bangalore, the job does not match what they have been trained and what they do.
Meghalaya is still free of the disease.
Shillong, Lber 07: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh in the presence of the Minister of Water Resources, Marcuise N Marak, distributed the appointment letters to 83 doctors who have just completed their graduation. 55 are Specialist Doctors, 20 are MBBS Doctors and 8 are Dentists.
There are 108 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 72 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 15 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
Criticizing the district authorities, Bah Ardent said, “In fact, it is the district authorities who have violated the law.
Maligaon, Naitung 04: Police of the Railway Protection Force (RPF) have arrested 7 robbers in the past few days. 12 children who were misled into criminal activities.
“It is their responsibility to take responsibility if anything happens in the country,” said Vice President KSU North Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, July 29: The Pynthorumkhrah Flood Control Committee (PFCC) under the leadership of Bah PN Syiem today met with Bah Brolding Nongsiej, Minister in charge of Water Resources. petitioner regarding the flooding in the area during the rainy season.
Speaking to media, Bah Suchiang said that there will be no dismissal of the master rolls, but they will be relocated from the place where they used to work because the roads constructed under the PMGSY scheme have to be contracted by the contractors. to look after and care for them for five years.
However, Bah Purning said that the members of the union did not touch the foreign workers but only went to check their documents.
The spread of false news has a malicious purpose and this will affect the peace and order and such false news should not be disseminated to the public without first verifying whether it is true or false.
The Librarian of the College, Kong B. Lyngdoh, gave a briefing to the students.
Now it is very difficult for them.
Meghalaya, which is the owner of the tournament, has shown to the world that it has improved rapidly in the tournament as it has moved up from the sixth position in 2018 to the top position. four this year with 36 gold medals which is nearly 12 times what they won in 2018.
Those who wish to participate please submit your group names before 23rd January 2017 at the SURE office near DC office Jowai.
There are two policemen in Meghalaya who have been awarded the prize.
He spoke about the Vibrant Village scheme which has opened up better opportunities in the villages in the border areas.
Therefore, on my part, as one of the volunteers, I would like to add that I have strongly demanded from the authorities of MCA Bank Ltd.
Shillong, July 22: The Deputy Inspector General of the Border Security Force (BSF) Praveen Bakshi today said that the BSF troops are trying to talk to HNLC members in Bangladesh. they will return to society like others.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Chairman of the National Commission for Indigenous Peoples, Hand Kumar Sai today arrived in Shillong to meet with the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Teinwell Dkhar. The meeting was attended by the Chairman of the National Commission of the Central Government. The MDCs of KHADC were present from both sides. The meeting was led by the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Lamphrang Blah.
For the B.Ed examination, the first semester which was scheduled to be held tomorrow has been postponed to the 17th of this month and will be held from 9.00 am to 12.00 noon.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: For the first time, 13 civil society organizations today met with the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma to discuss the Entry and Exit Points. The illegal entry of mynder into Meghalaya has been banned.
The RozgarMela was held at 37 venues across the country.
Dr Ampareen said it is painful to see that there are up to 5000 people infected with HIV and AIDS and out of these 5000 people , 200 are women you can die met.
Referring to the allegation on the Ganol Hydel Power Project, the Minister said that when they came to power as the government, there were only two options, one was whether to abandon the project or not. to continue the work, if you continue you have to pay money.
He also ordered that MeECL will cut off the electricity supply if they do not pay.
The BSF has also been directed to take samples from all the soldiers inside the BOP to test them to determine the health of those soldiers inside the BOP. pay close attention to this part.
The CSWO said the Meghalaya government should order the DGP, SPs and DCs to investigate immediately and send the report to the NGT in the Supreme Court.
The Chief Minister has congratulated the Army, Army, Assam Riffle, SDRF, State Police and the District Administration for their efforts to extinguish the fire at Police Bazar on Thana Road. their willingness to work together to extinguish the fire.
In a statement sent by the Assistant Inspector General of Police, Bah GK Iangrai, he said that on the 16th of this month, the register containing 144 pages contained the names of those who went to the hospital. from 22/03/2020 to 14/04/2020 which belongs to the OPD has been stolen and spread through WhatsApp.
Although the number of participants was less than last year, the rally was peaceful and cheerful. On the part of the leaders who attended the celebration, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor EM in charge of Trade and Industry in KHADC Bah Pyniaid Sing Deputy Chairman of KHADC including former KSU leaders Hamlet Dohling, Danny Khryiem and NESO Chairman Samuel Jyrwa.
In Tura, the judge has resigned from his post and has been appointed by another judge who took over today.
Kmoin Wahlang and Kong.
Therefore, the HYC urges the Deputy Commissioner to put this issue at the forefront so that the uranium issue can be resolved and it will be a source of peace for the people of the area and the district. hi all.
On this occasion, the EM of the Elaka, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, could not take any decision regarding the summons of the Syiem of Nongspung Hima. the Kingdom could not come because of his suffering.
The meeting was the ninth meeting of the Governing Council of the NITI Aayog, chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
It is worth mentioning that in the BJP ruled states and states where VAT has been reduced, the VAT for petrol and diesel is between T.14.50 to T.17.50/litre, while the VAT in other states it is between T.26 to T.32/litre.
For Upper Primary Schools, Lower Primary Schools, Hindi Teachers, Additional Teachers in SSA Schools, the Cabinet has decided to increase the salary of these teachers by T.6000/- from what they receive now. .
Furthermore, it is planned to export India's starup products to the rest of the world.
“We have found that foreigners or Nepalese working here in Jaintia Hills have received Syrnod Shnong from different villages in East Jaintia Hills and also those working in factories. in the Narpuh area.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Special Court for the Prosecution of Rape under the POCSO Act, Judge Swapna G. Momin, has issued an order to convict two men who were arrested. They allegedly raped a 14-year-old girl and fined her T.50,000/-.
Police are investigating the incident to track down the perpetrators.
The tournament was sponsored by the DSO East Khasi Hills through the District Sport Promotion Society Scheme (DSPS). The union urged the spectators not to throw garbage on the streets or in their homes as it causes pollution and diseases . children so that this cleanliness will be their inheritance in the future.
The issues set out in the MP election manifesto are to strengthen District Councils, empowerment of youth, employment, education, development of farmers, prevention of infiltration of covered pictures.
The presence of these machine drills in Mawkyrwat has been a source of concern because in the past decades, the Asian Human Rights Commission (AHRC) has revealed in its report that there have been uranium drills in Tynnai, Nonglang and other villages. They were born in Mawkyrwat last year.
He said that the members of HANM should understand that the foundation of HANM is to protect the border, to protect the land and the trade from being confiscated. in others.
The Secretary of the Urkaliar Dorbar Shnong, Bah Samborlang Diengdoh, said that after a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah, the Dorbar Shnong has decided to conduct a patrol. inside the village in the evening to ensure that there will be no more tragic incident in the village where the longkmie and rangbah have taken the responsibility to protect the village with the participation of of the Police.
Shillong, Lber 07: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today called a meeting of all political parties to clarify the border settlement talks with Assam which they have already sent to the Home Ministry. middle.
Shillong, March 09: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Lumshnong Unit led by Samla Benison Kamar, Vice President and Bah Kwilnis Suchiang, Secretary Environment and Cultural Cell in the presence of members of the KSU Lumshnong Unit. The DC of East Jaintia Hills District has met with the DC of East Jaintia Hills District regarding the pollution of the Lukha River due to the Hindu religious activities by breaking idols in the Lukha River.
The company will continue to invest in all types of food and beverage products ensuring that what consumers receive are of the highest quality in the country.
Speaking to the students who have completed their studies in various courses offered by the University, the Minister said that the Convocation is a moment that explains the life of the students. The youth are the strongest force and the challenge of any State or Country.
Finally, all the parties are against these activities and will not accept mere words if the government does not bring a law to repeal this law in any form. This is what the government has done.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The total number of cases tested positive for COVID-19 in the state has risen to 42, including 25 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in In Bhoi, 3 in South West Garo Hills, 13 in West Garo Hills.
On this promise of the Prime Minister, they have decided to postpone the strike, but if the government does not do what it has decided, the teachers will not refuse to strike.
Relatives of the youth have lodged a complaint with the Police Traffic Cell in Phramer for the arrest of the youth. and it was known that he had gone home somewhere.
It pledged to strengthen environmental protection laws and strive to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the United Nations.
Speaking to reporters, the Secretary said the North Eastern Council (NEC) which is the Nodal Agency for the economic and social development of the North East has been instrumental in my works.
Pranayama Yoga or breathing techniques strengthens our breathing power.
The list of Executive Members includes Bah Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem, former CEM and MDC of the Congress who will take over as Deputy CEM and Bah Carness Sohshang.
Spanish film 'I Have Electric Dreams' wins Best FilmThe Golden Peacock award for Best Film of the festival went to a Spanish film. to the current and future works of cinema.
On the other hand, the party will not hesitate to stand up for the rights of the people.
The Vice President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh on Friday appeared before the Sadar Police Station after the police filed a case against the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) for the recent robbery. the houses of the illegal immigrants in the Lum Survey.
When asked, he said, “The ILP is another issue.
On this day, the students carried placards to express their regret that there has been such a change in the environment due to the victory of nature. for the benefit of all nations.
Maligaon, Jymmang 15: Heavy rainfall in the past two days has caused landslides in many parts of the North Eastern Region of India, where many railway stations like Lumding-Badarpur have been destroyed. shah lynshop in the destruction of nature.
In this regard, the Cabinet has approved and there will be an Executive Committee with its members with the Chief Minister as the Chairman of the Committee.
During the meeting, the Minister also requested the government to repair the Government Normal Training School.
He said that the Mawphalai Forest is not new, it has been a long time since the village has talked to the government from time to time because it is a village forest. After talks with the village, the government said that it will not return the forest to the village but will pay in cash and they agreed that the government will pay Rs 50 crore.
The party would also like to thank all the voters of Mawlai who have given their support and also to those who have not been able to support the party in this election. “You all and your family,” said Thomas Passah.
The Government has already received the names of all those private individuals who have gone to the hospital and many others have not been counted.
Meghalaya has a population of 29.67 lakh of which 14 lakh are Khasi according to the 2011 census.
The Lamphang expressed his satisfaction that all the MLAs have voluntarily taken this decision to contribute in the fight against COVID-1
Shillong, June 10: The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lakmen Rymbui, in reply to a question by Bah Mayralborn Syiem of Nongpoh, said that the Ri Bhoi College will not be upgraded to a college. Community College.
On the other hand, the RPF police who have been deployed at the railway stations on receiving a tip that there are robbers have immediately searched for them and in this search operation they have arrested 57 persons in the last few months.
The Mission will endeavor to convert Anganwadi Centers into ECD Centers so that they can provide full support to children, including nutrition, educational assistance for their development. that they may have a strong mind and know what they should do in relation to others and in relation to their feelings, and how they can know about what they need for them to be able to do well in school and in life.
After the establishment of this Committee, they have met many times and invited the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and also the farmers and traders to discuss this issue. The Hima Mylliem has already announced a ban on the kilo cutting.
They said that if MeECL cannot appoint them, they will hold a protest to demand their rights. 16th of this month to discuss this issue, said Bah JK Shangpliang, convener of the meeting.
Conrad K Sangma MP of Lokshaba from Tura was also invited to attend the meeting to discuss the issues faced by the ADCs especially in Meghalaya. The JHADC and KHADC have not yet received the money from the state government.
In the Legislative Assembly on 19th November
Because of the poor condition of the road and the complaints of the people in many parts.
On the other hand, NEEPCO has already allocated funds for the land owners who have given land to NEEPCO. He said that there is no displacement of land for the land owners as claimed by the opponents.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today conducted a raid on the shops inside the market. shops were closed.
Shillong, July 15: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem and the Executive Member (EM) in charge of the Elaka Department have submitted their Sanad to the Syiem of Mawsynram Hima. Bah Amosstar Malngiang, who was elected as the full Syiem of the Hima, was elected today at the Hima Palace in Mawsynram.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Meghalaya U-21 wrestling team won four gold, one silver and three bronze medals in the U-21 wrestling tournament held in Delhi. .
Many residents said we wouldn’t vote.
On the other hand, the CEO of the SMB explained that the office does not collect or take money and there is no such thing as having to register and send the money. without taking money everything they do is done without pay.
Decades have passed, this road has remained the same and when we look at these times which we all hope for in the midst of changes, it is still ringing swai ring sdot. compare with the past.
Because the organization believes that this benami trade is illegal.
In collaboration with special helplines for women from across the country in the last three years, 70 lakh women have received support from the Central and State Governments, she said.
A total of 2100 people attended the ceremony, 13855 did not attend and 15955 people did not attend.
If uranium should be mined, the party is against it.
These programs to be conducted in the districts are conducted by all Public Sector Banks and State Level Bankers Committees (SLBCs).
The book was launched by Rev B Lyngdoh at the residence of Dr. Toi and the day of the launch was the 175th death anniversary of Anne Jones.
On the other hand, KHANM and other organizations have given time to the KHADC to do this until the 30th of this month.
When asked about the price of piat, they said it is T.70 tyngka and when asked about the price, they said they charge T.60 tyngka. to one of the shops has disturbed the people who went to buy at the market.
Bah Banteidor said that this is the right time to raise awareness among the residents through these awareness programs so that as households they can live in peace and harmony by knowing each other. The right to understand our duty so that as a nation we can escape from the problems and persecution.
Two polling stations have been set up for these villages.
All teachers were urged not to go to school during the 14 days of their strike and this was given the approval of the teachers who attended the strike. the day you shouted “HOOID”.
Dr HH Mohrmen, who was the chief guest, said that the present state government and previous governments have forgotten and treated unfairly the residents with disabilities.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Executive Council (CEC) in a statement today announced that it has added new members to the CEC including Samla Barikula. Nongsiej (Asst.Organizing Secy.
Unidentified persons have seized a Maruti Alto (AS-18B-5229) belonging to Bikash Ch.
DC Jagdish Chelani and other dignitaries were also present on the occasion.
Shillong, July 30: The trap cameras installed by the Meghalaya Forest Department at Balpakram National Park in South Garo District have been destroyed.
According to police, the arrest of this suspect was made today on the basis of police investigation into those who were arrested on 24/10/2023 from Nongmynsong and 28/10/2 He was arrested from Baghmara.
During the meeting, issues of mutual interest between the two states were discussed.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Hundreds of vehicles carrying illegal cattle to Bangladesh pass through the Upper Shillong road every day.
The President of HANM Ri Bhoi District has alleged that this is the failure of the police who are involved in the infiltration in Byrnihat. you don't have a picture.
Among these 398 are former athletes and Arjuna Award winners who have competed or won medals in major sporting events such as the World Championships and Olympics.
In the meeting with Bah James Sylliang, the Coordinator of Meghalaya Agrovet Private Ltd, Bernadine Mawkhiew, admitted that the company had made a mistake and asked for time to investigate. complete various plans and also to stop dumping waste into the river.
From Pomlum to Tamabil, the road will be able to accommodate two vehicles and work has started on sections of the Shillong-Tamabil road.
The first chairman of the committee was Bah GG Swell, then BB Lyngdoh, among them there were others and the last chairman was Bah AH Scott Lyngdoh. Bah Ransom Sutang was elected as the Chairman of the committee.
Shillong, Nailur 13: Answering a question by Dikkanchi D Shira, the Minister of State for Agriculture and Rural Development, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, said that the government has not yet received any application for the appointment of Wight. bridge in Mahendraganj.
This has been going on for six months.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 2513 in the state.
Shillong, Naitung 08: Speaking at the inauguration of the newly constructed building at the High Court Meghalaya, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government has spent more than T.200/- crore. to provide courts in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the civil society groups, when they heard this speech from the Prime Minister, said that there will be no need to talk about the ILP. They left the discussion and left and the meeting was adjourned without any clear decision.
In this regard, the KSU Narpuh Circle strongly condemns the lack of attention of the police even after a complaint has been lodged by the family members of the woman.
Jayant Sahasrabudhe, National Organizing Secretary, Vijnana Bharati delivered opening remarks while Prof. TG Sitharam, Director IIT Guwahati conducted the meeting.
The value of the drugs seized was T.65,916/ tyngka.
In recognition of her outstanding contribution to the development of the society, Kong Silbi Passah has also received the District Certificate of Honor from the State Government in Seng Khasi, Seng Kmie Honorary Award in 2008; the State Award for 2005; the NETV People's Choice Award in 2005; the National Award for Teachers in 2006; the Jeebon Roy Award in 2008; the Khasi Welfare Award in 2009; the International Gold Star Award in Bangkok in 2010, the Seng Samla Seng Kmie Honorary Award in 2011; the Lady of Hope (Cape Town South Africa) in 2012; The Tirot Sing Award for Art and Literature Meghalaya in 2014; the Youth Affair Award in 2019; the 4th Northeast Unsung Heroes Red Carpet Social Award in 2021 and the Sangeet Natak Academic Award in 2021.
Shillong, July 30: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the construction of a water treatment plant at Mawrah village under Sohra Civil Sub Division in East Khasi Hills District.
“He said that as much as we can, we try our best to employ our own people first in all the jobs that are available but except in the difficult jobs that our people cannot do, we cannot refuse to invite foreigners.
They first detonated a petrol bomb at the residence of Avishek Chetrri and two others detonated a petrol bomb at the bus house of Chandrala Chetrri.
Also present on the occasion were the Director General of the Assam Riffle, the Eastern Air Command and the State Police. Families of the soldiers to witness this day which is also the International Women's Day.
The names of Dr Mukul Sangma's disciples are still unknown as the Congress has handed over two nominations to the Prime Minister to select the people he has chosen.
As a man of determination and determination, Bah Marwein is one of the leaders in the field of newspaper publishing in Meghalaya.
The union has warned these cement factories not to load the vehicles of the indigenous people according to the soskular they have signed with the Association and to respect the indigenous people without increasing the price. .
They received a citation and a cash prize.
The Carol procession started from the ground floor of the church and proceeded to Jaïaw Lansonalane, then to Chapel Road, Jaïaw Pdeng and ended at the Parish with a short Christmas Concert.
On the other hand, the KSU Mawlai Circle believes that the PWD department will take immediate action to relieve the traffic jam and will not cause any tragic incidents through traffic collisions and other incidents. This is according to a statement by Samla Mac Iver Thabah, Vice President KSU Mawlai Circle.
“Tomorrow (Tuesday) the DC will convene a meeting at 3:00 pm with the Shillong Cantonment Board, the Police Department and other departments,” said Bah Synrem.
The bodies of two coal miners from Ri Bhoi District, who were buried alive in an earthquake that collapsed a coal mine in Tinsuki, Assam, were found on Saturday after a search. their bodies for forty days.
The passing away of Bah Marwein has been a great loss to us journalists and publishers in the state.
When they signed any documents or received certificates for their needs, he did not give them at all. This is a big problem for them. They held a meeting on the 10th of this month. Last month, they asked him to resign from the post of Rangbah Shnong. He said, “I will resign first.
Both of them are three years old and 10 months old. Police have urged anyone who knows or has found them to inform the law enforcement authorities.
Shillong, Lber 29: The land owners in four parts of Shillong have expressed their dissatisfaction with the summons to appear before the office of the District Urban Planner Shillong. regarding the land dealers and the decision of the Meghalaya High Court.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Pyniaid Sing Syiem, in reply to a question by the Leader of the Opposition, TW Chyne, said that there are 810 employees.
Shillong, March 18: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Metbah Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that about two candidates have expressed their desire to contest the Lok Sabha 2024 election from the Shillong Parliamentary seat.
The commissioning of AIIMS, Guwahati will be a memorable day for Assam and the entire North East.
Referring to the injured, the Chief Minister said that once the report is received, a decision will be taken on how to act without receiving the report. He said that the District Administration of Ri Bhoi District and the PWD have not yet commented on the matter.
He said that the new Malangkona Police Outpost has been constructed through the PIRF allocation allocated to the Superintendents of Police to get more money so that they can use it for the maintenance, to construction of new houses at District Level without the approval of the State Government.
Dated 24/09/2015 when the appointment of Adhoc was closed.
Call Annad General Secretary.
He said that more than 26 lakh people from India visit Meghalaya every year and this is a way to attract them to Meghalaya.
It is a moment to ask the government what it needs to explain to the people what the government should do in the future, the voice of the people of Bri-u-Hynniewtrep , from various parts of the country have demanded that the government should listen and respect the voice of the people.
The Khasi Students Unions' will continue to do its utmost to be close to the health workers who are truly the soldiers who are fighting this disease.
In the afternoon, sports games for the children and an exhibition football match was held between DC XI and Medical XI at PA Sangma Stadium, Dakopgre, Tura.
Vodafone has launched this contest edition 'Bachchan Dhamaal Competition' which has been running since July this year. SMS your number to your company.
At the same time, Dr Lana Lyngdoh Nongbri urged all schools or educational institutions to participate in raising awareness among the public on the dangers of smoking by holding a rally to explain that the Duma smoking is harmful to human health.
After a detailed speech by the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'im Ainam Manik Syiem, he read out what was said at the Hima Dorbar which was held today. accept or reject decisions.
On the part of the Central Government, we want to see that the people of the state should receive the development works that the Central Government is doing for the people. The state should not be able to provide electricity to the villagers.
“Now, you can go to your nearest market or jhur market and see, even the vendors in the market will say, don't pay in cash, pay in UPI.
The union has found that many of the foreigners who enter the state from this area have to go to the cement factories and many of them do not have proper documents to enter the state to work. These cement factories are located in Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today launched the scheme to provide medals to the youth who have won medals in the national and international sports events. in addition to the prize they received once in cash.
The President of JSU Khliehriat Circle, Bah Livingson Sama, said that at present, the hospital in East Jaintia Hills District still has many shortcomings such as drinking water, medicines and other shortcomings.
“At present, this bridge is no longer suitable for use because all the coins have been lost,” said the Secretary Shnong of Mynriang, Bah JJ Lyngkhoi. This bridge will be built so that it will be easier for the people to travel.
Shillong, Lber 01: U Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, today said that the government has already sent the names of people to be ksiang in the peace talks with the HNLC. name to the central government and the state government is awaiting a response from the central government.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Cabinet meeting today decided to set up a COVID-19 Management Unit to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic in the state.
Many foreigners who trade in the state have to pay a fee to obtain their trading license and do not hesitate to pay a higher trading license fee just to be able to continue trading. .
Shillong, The residents of Dangar and Balat areas have been facing difficulties in withdrawing money from UCO Bank in Dangar. lock down.
Chauenlai Sangma, MPS, Asst Commandant SF-10, Shillong, Jubi G. Momin, IPS, Assistant Inspector General of SF-10, Shillong. Jerry Fiscer K. Marak, IPS, Commanding Officer, SF-10, Shillong, Janice K. Marak, Inspector of Police, West Garo Hills, Tura received the Fire Service Medal for Meritorious Service and Kassparwell Iawphniaw, Fireman.
This was announced by KSU Mawlai Circle Publicity Secretary Samla MacDonald Jitem.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: Wahsynon 'A' and Umkremdykhong 'B' have reached the final of the CoRP Jirang Circle Football Tournament organized by the CoRP Jirang Circle at Umsohpanan Stadium, New Jirang.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) on Saturday announced the dates for the Lok Sabha elections across the country.
It is also their right to sell and buy their property.
Shillong, July 12: U Samuel Jyrwa Chairman of NESO, on Tuesday said that as a student organization, the North Eastern Region of India has grown since 2016 until now. to oppose the CAB,
Chowdhury said the ban on Mawshun from Meghalaya has opened their eyes to turn to other countries, like Indonesia, Vietnam, China and other neighboring countries. , the loss will be to Meghalaya and its people.
Joplyn Scott Shylla President of MPMC said that as the women's organization, the BJP government in Delhi will hear the opposition of the people of Meghalaya to the women's organization. CAB,2016.
What is needed is that all government departments should provide detailed information in a timely manner and the benefit will be for the people, he said.
At the beginning of the college in 1987, there were only 20 to 25 students.
These buses will start running from 6.30 pm from Happy Valley via Madanrting, Nongthymmai, St. Edmunds, Dhankheti, Barik, IGP to Polo Ground, Rynjah via Pohkseh, Nongrim Hills, Laitumkhrah. Ground.
Donbor Rumnong came third in the Mr. Physique category at the WFF Proam Championship while Shuvam Roy came fourth in the Elite Classic category. National 2022 which was held in Delhi.
Shillong, July 13: The North Khasi Hills Students Union (NSU) has demanded that the Meghalaya government should no longer respect the status quo as the Assam government has not respected the status quo. It is related to the border dispute between these states.
The transportation of marrep will be in accordance with the guidelines directed by the Deputy Commissioners in accordance with the COVID-19 pandemic.
Those religions which have marriage certificates will have to apply for permission from the Deputy Commissioners and after receiving the applications the DCs of those areas will issue the permission but they will have to follow the rules. installed by the Government as already announced.
The customs and traditions of each state will be displayed at the opening ceremony of the Mitti at AmritKalash.
This will bring about freedom in price, purchase of medicines and access and management of medicines which will enable all those involved in this field to work according to the needs in different places.
The announcement of the results of CUET 2024, through Online and Offline Mode, is expected on July 30,
The petition was submitted by the party to the Deputy Commissioner under the leadership of the General Secretary, Bah Kwilnis Suciang.
The theme of the celebration is “Freedom, Equality and Justice for All”.
Shillong, November 17: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today announced that it has established another Circle within the district. Umden Circle, where the new Circle will include 12 branches of the Seng in the Umden area.
There are several guidelines across the country such as mandatory use of self-made masks in workplaces and public places, steps to ensure hygiene such as provision of hand sanitizer, division of working days, thermal scanning and fines for those who violate these measures.
On the same day, the RCLP & UP School, Laitdiengsai also handed over a Memorandum to Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA/MDC Mawkynrew Constituency for some of the needs of the school. On the other hand, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MLA/MDC, Mawkynrew Constituency also promised to take care and allocate the money through the MLA Scheme for the needs of the RCLP & UP School, Laitdiengsai.
Thanks to the cooperation of the village and the ASHA workers, Pomlakarai village is now free from COVID-1
Shillong, Naitung 06: Members of the Hill Farmers Union Central Body and various units have decided not to sell jhur to the market on the 8th of this month as they have to attend a meeting at the Hill Farmers Union. on the 8th of this month at 10.30 pm at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall Mawkhar to discuss the illegal kilo cutting in the market and other places in Ri Khasi Jaintia.
He added that through this training our children will get the opportunity to improve their knowledge in other higher education institutions which are also paid.
Repanlin Lyngdoh, MSW student at St Edmunds College, Shillong, who is suffering from the disease, explained how she got the opportunity to celebrate World White Canes Safety Day every 15th March every year.
GNRC Medical has recently been selected and recognized by the World Bank Group (WBG), and has received up to US$150,000 through the India Development Marketplace.
In East Khasi Hills, 7 cases have been confirmed positive for COVID-19 due to close contact with those who have contracted the disease. from Mawlai, 5 from Mawlai, 5 from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Robert Kharjahrin said that they also discussed the special issue, on the part of the Prime Minister's Secretary said that this issue is very difficult, but on the part of the four parties said that it is not. to be reopened since 1972 and to be corrected now.
By pressing the button, 4239 beneficiaries of the Indira Gandhi National Old Age Pension Scheme will receive the money directly into the accounts of those who are entitled to receive it.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, he said that the discussions were on many issues, such as the ban on coal mining. They are not allowed to mine coal unless they have to apply for a mining lease.
The government has invited applications since 2019, the examination was held in November 2021 and the examination was held in June 2022, but the government has not yet released the result.
He said that what NEHU has done is that instead of appointing full time teachers, it has invited people to work on contract basis. those who wish to complete their Ph D.
In his speech, Mr. Tiwari said that India is a country of many languages ​​and ethnic groups.
Shillong, Naitung 18: U Bah HS Shylla, former MLA and MDC from Nongkrem Constituency, on Tuesday said that to inform the public, a public hearing should be held at Madan Smit. Shylla said that through the public hearing, the people will hear on the four issues and suggested to the Rangbah Shnongs of Nongkrem Constituency to take action to resolve the issues. This is before the government announces the mid-term MDC elections because the issues that affect the life and death of the jaidbynriew will be treated as merely an election issue.
“This situation has affected the feelings of the girl students and the parents,” said Heatermoon Ryngkhlem, President, AJYWO East Jaintia Zone.
And as women drink alcohol, many things happen that are degrading and affect the society, not only that, it also affects the dignity of oneself and one's longrynieng. spirit is healthy.
This promotion will be effective from 1st July 2024.
Shillong, July 08: The vehicle of the President of the Ri Bhoi Youth Organization (RIOO) has been bombed by unidentified persons on Thursday morning.
They also beat and beat my 15-year-old daughter.
This bridge has been covered with dewbilat to remove the dewbilat and it is a danger to the passengers because it is unknown whether it can collapse at any time. .
The 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 has produced the best men and women who have competed in Weightlifting and athletes from all over the districts have come to compete for the title.
In a statement, Bah Kyllang Thongni said that the area where the coal truck collided is the area where the road collapsed in the past rainy season and the construction of the area is ongoing. .
At a time when countries around the world are struggling to mitigate the impact of the disease, this North Eastern state has experienced some success.
RK Chibba, Director of Inter Ads, said that this is an opportunity for the North East to showcase to the world and at the same time the world will see the North East.
Shillong, July 19: Ramakrishna Mission Higher Secondary School, Sohra is proud to announce that one of the students of Class IX, Winsaphisha Diengdoh, has been selected for the INSPIRE Award .
There was a social agreement between the Khasi Association and the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) for the construction of the buildings at Lum Sohpet Bneng. The budget is T.18 crore.
The maternal mortality rate is higher than the national average.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and the Rangbah Shnongs of Umwali Village today met with the Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma and submitted a petition demanding that the The government should strengthen the police force to patrol inside Umwali village to avoid attacks by the Assam police.
Many countries of the world have realized the dangers of the widespread use of plastics and have banned and restricted their use.
Because they don't have anything else to do, they can't go to Shillong to treat the sick pig, which has put them in trouble but they can't get treatment.
In his short speech , the president of the Khasi Seng Samla Mawkhar , Bah U said that the purpose of this competition is to teach how to spell the Khasi language such as this annual spelling contest.
After the COVID-19 pandemic, we said that our approach should be ‘One World, One Health.
Congratulating the Khasi Authors' Society on its 175th Anniversary of Literacy in the Khasi Language, the Chief Guest urged the Khasi people to read Khasi books in order to survive. in the Khasi language.
He said that the state has lost another great man and may God grant him peace.
These 11 States and UTs have now been identified as ‘States of Most Worry’ due to the high number of cases and increasing daily cases and deaths.
He said that the party has elected Damonmi Dkhar as General Secretary, PT Jyrwa as Finance Secretary, Kyrshanbor Syiem Publicity, Dangdonbok Shylla as Sport Secretary. and Bah Humble Wahlang Disciplinary Secretary.
“The Executive Engineer of PWD (Roads) Nongpoh Division said that according to Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Roads) before the elections, Lok Sabha has implemented the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) The proposal to build the Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur road has been suspended.
Shops need to ensure social distancing between customers.
SD Khongwir said he had seen in the media that schools and colleges under the jurisdiction of the Catholic Church and those belonging to the Presbyterian Church of India would give holidays on the day of his funeral. Archbishop Rev  Dominic Jala.
On Tuesday, when the leaders of these four organizations tried to go to a hospital in Khumlwng, Jirania Sub-Division, West Tripura, which is a village of ethnic minorities, they were stopped and blocked by the state police. Superintendent of Police, West Tripura.
Dr. M. Niranjan, Principal Scientist, Livestock Production Division, gave the welcome speech to all those who attended the meeting.
On this occasion, the party together with its friends who came to burn the provisions of the Citizenship Amendment Act
Shillong, July 20: Four new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, July 20: Four new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed and 39 cases are still in critical condition. Your state has not tested positive for COVID-1
The Film Festival will be inaugurated by the Governor of Meghalaya Dr KK Paul and the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma. .
Shillong, Naitung 03: The teachers of Mawkhar Presbyterian Secondary School, Sohmylleng, today met with the MLA of Mairang Constituency, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh and handed over a memorandum at his room at the Secretariat.
In West Garo Hills, a storm has struck Rongkhon village in Rongram Block.
The Prime Minister congratulated the leaders for their constructive suggestions and feelings, adding that their commitment to assist the Government in this struggle strengthens the foundation of governance. people of the country and the spirit of cooperation.
Because the Meghalaya Electricity Department intends to provide electricity to the Khasi residents of the area which is their right, the Assam police through the instigation of other ethnic groups have bombed and tied the Khasi residents of the area. MeECL employees and the residents of Umwali village until they reached the hospital.
Shillong, July 08: The Cabinet meeting today approved the implementation of the 5Pay Commission for the deficit teachers in Meghalaya.
Ringrang TG Momin SP of East Garo Hills has been transferred and appointed as SP of Anti Infiltration Department, Shillong.
The Herfindahl Concentration Index of the number of accounts and accounts received shows the distribution of funds by state and type of business.
The leaders of these two organizations in a letter sent to the Secretary PWD (Roads & Building) PR Marweiñ signed by Dapmaiñ Suchiang President JSU Laskein Circle and Samla Balawan Suchiang President Laskein Circle.
New Delhi, March 06: The Holy Family has expressed its gratitude to the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, for his praise for the canonization of Sister Bl.
The decision was taken at a meeting of the party in the presence of Shillong West MLA Mohendro Rapsang along with party office bearers.
Also present were Samla Richard Mawkhiew from Nongthymmai Circle, Samla Shiningstar Kharbikhiew from NEHU Unit and other leaders from the districts, circles and units of the district.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The work for the Jowai Greater Water Supply Scheme has almost been completed and the PHE department will soon implement it, said officials of the PHE department.
Shillong, July 17: The Central Executive Committee of the Hynniewtrep Social Democratic Party (HSPDP) today announced its candidates for the first phase of the party. The names and constituencies of the candidates are as follows: Nongpoh, Badhok Nongmalieh, Jirang, Nosi Lyngdoh, Umroi, Umroi, Laban-Mawprem, Nongkrem. Ardent Basaiawmoit, Sohryngkham, Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Langkyrdem Samson Suting, Grace Mary Kharpuri from Nongskhen and Teilinia Thangkhiew from Mylliem.
Dhankhar urged everyone to do whatever is necessary to maintain faith in democracy and said there is no reason to say that Parliament cannot function every second.
While in other districts of the state there is no.
These days, we see that love is rampant in many ways in our families.
Purno said the 2014 election will bring about a change in the government in Delhi and this will also bring about a change in the North East.
At the same time, he urged the people and the health workers to ensure that what the government has done for them, they should accept that it belongs to them and not to the government. that it belongs to the government will mislead people.
Pyniaid said that even the KHADC has allocated up to Rs 10 crore to the Arts and Culture Department to promote singing, music and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, MS Rao has written to the Chairman of the Raiway Board regarding the incident in Bihar where people from Meghalaya and other states of the North East have been harassed by the Raiway Board. the rest of the time come back by Rail.
He said in the House that there are private hospitals in the state which demand between T.50,000 to T.100,000 before treating a patient. .
He discussed the problems faced in the border areas between India and Bangladesh and the measures taken to curb illegal activities on either side of the border.
The village has strictly controlled the movement of people because in Bangladesh there are many people who have contracted COVID-19 especially in Jaintiapur and it is dangerous that these villages border with Bangladesh. they are bordered by Jaintiapur.
He expressed his happiness and praised the beauty of the place and its people and urged others to visit the area to experience the same beauty.
Furthermore, many of the beneficiaries whose names appeared in the RTI report said that they have not received the money as mentioned in the report.
The future of peace does not lie in the hands of the politician alone but in the voice and shoulders of the people's groups and all the citizens who want true peace to return.
They were informed to the Khliehriat Police Station and taken to the Police Station for further investigation.
The purpose is to showcase various sections, dates and information about programs and festivals of the country in the international arena and promote information on tourism, attractions and opportunities through digital channels from the for tourists.
According to sources, the incident occurred at night when the trucks were parked on the road with their loads.
No land shall be transferred by way of sale or lease to non-tribals without the knowledge and approval of the Syiem and Dorbar, and Section
The chief organizers of the event were Mapuia Amsih, Podesor Amsih and Bimol Matlai.
If the government sets up a Block in this remote area, it will benefit the people of this area.
This year’s campaign received a strong engagement of 32 crore people from across the country who attended during the 14 days with an average engagement of 2.3 crore people per day .
This prayer of blessing should not be misunderstood as the ritual of the Sacrament of Confirmation of the Catholic Church,” said the Vicar General.
In a letter, they requested the Deputy Commissioner to inform them of the time and place of the Regional Committee's visit so that they can attend the meeting. it shall be the places under their jurisdiction.
For those in Shillong, it is recommended that if possible, they should not drive vehicles so that it will not cause traffic jam.
“When asked, he explained that the reason why the Rapido has not been banned since last years is because the Government has not yet drafted the Rule.
Shillong, July 18: The Chief Election Commission of India (ECI) on Tuesday announced that the number of voters in the state has increased to 100,0 There are 21,61,129 people in total.
According to the standard, teams must assign the name of the author of the review through the channels provided, and come up with procedures, which are sent to all employees and business managers, explaining how the these work matters.
Shillong, Lber 28: The All India Bank Employees Association (ABA) today launched a two-day strike across the country.
Johny Syiem General Secretary said that the party will wait for what the CEM has promised in front of them today and if this talk does not reach any agreement the party will take action. you have.
Dr Donkupar said that the current threat is the power of money which is not the nature of the nation. He said that it was until 2003 that the power of money has changed everything. all during elections.
Shillong, July 09: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today sent a letter to the CEm of KHADC and MDCs demanding that the KHADC should not issue NOC. regarding the proposal to take over the land of BSF troops in SWK District.
If the MLAs do not come, the party has already prepared protests against them and these protests will be held in their homes and in their constituencies.
The 10 members who signed the petition are Boston Marak, Weison Ch Marak, Ginbirts Marak, Sadhiram M Sangma, Tonstone Sangma, Methirson G Momin, Righteous N Sangma, SM Marak and Jojoring D Sangma. , and Ishmael R marked.
If the school needs to conduct an entrance exam, does it need to conduct a final exam?” If this is the case in both exams, it means that children will have to take two final exams within 10 years. .
On the other hand, the police said that the purchase of illegal goods from unknown persons has encouraged the smugglers and it is on this basis that the police will arrest even the buyers for the purchase of illegal drugs. of them encourages thieves.
Shillong, Naitung 21: U Khileswar Boro, Chief Manager in charge of Credit & NPA, SBI Regional Office, Dhankheti, Shillong has lodged a complaint with the police that he has received a letter threatening to shoot or abduct him from an unknown group from Khyndailat, Shillong.
In the women's 55 kg, 60 kg and 60 kg heavyweight categories, Pynsuklang Lyngdoh from Eastern Wet Khasi Hills, Olivia Dkhar from West Jaintia Hills and Rikka Ch Marak from East Garo Hills won the title. theirs and they managed to score the victory.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Due to heavy rainfall in the past two days, a landslide has occurred at Mawlai Mawkynroh on the Mawlai Bye Pass road. and four of them were injured.
The program was conducted with the aim of delivering Government schemes, ensuring their full implementation, and delivering benefits to the people across Meghalaya and the country as a whole.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the HNYF Shillong Region said that the person who came to plant the four paia will not be able to do this inside the market without the knowledge of the HNYF. office of the King of Mylliem.
Bah Kynsai M Lyngdoh and Bah Rapbor R Thangkhiew Rangbah Shnong Mawlai, Iewrynghep and Nongkwar expressed their gratitude to the residents of the three villages for being willing to come out and work together to reach them. decisions to improve the safety of the residents and how to reduce traffic jams and accidents.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister in charge of GAD, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, said that the completion of the government building and the opportunity to take over the government building today will be a great help to them. citizens of Meghalaya who need accommodation when they go to work in the city.
Shillong, July 29: U Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan today visited the Army Public Schools in Area 101 Shillong and during this visit he had the opportunity to talk to the students of the school.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has issued an order to allow the reopening of shops which have been closed in some parts of Shillong.
The purpose of the meeting was to urge the Governor to take a separate Bill, because they want each Kur to have its own Kur Seng. The state said it understands the issue and promised that the Bill will be looked into.
CEC Rajiv Kumar congratulated them for their thorough preparation and timely completion of the 2022 Assembly elections.
The government has decided to build 12 houses and these will have rooms to accommodate 342 households. “I don't know how much it will cost,” said Prestone.
At present, there are 40 such councils in the region, of which Meghalaya has three, one Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, one Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council and one Garo Hills Autonomous District Council.
Ransom said he will try to meet the Prime Minister and we will request him to assist in the ambulance for this team so that it can carry out its work.
When the Chief Minister returns from his visit, he will take over as usual.
Also present on the occasion were the village officials, residents of Lawsohtun village and officials of the Sports Department of the State Government.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Samlin said that the celebration of this day should not end today. to do nothing for King Tirot Singh.
Shillong, November 19: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of FKJGP, Manseng Sangma, Assistant General Secretary NESO, Tengsak G Momin, President GSU and Samla Lambok's Marngar. Shillong South Constituency today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy to send a petition through him to the President of India to request for the release of Meghalaya from citizenship. Amend the Bill if you work.
The 2nd Inter Hima Kur Knockout Football 2016 was held at Smit, Hima Khyrim, where the Kharbyngar Kur played against the Songthiang Kur.
“Besides, the HYC has urged the KHADC to direct the Hima, Sirdarships and Dorbar Shnongs not to accept development grants from other states such as the Assam Government especially on the border or to allocate land. let others do nothing.
At present, this is the report submitted to the Chief Minister and the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam will meet to discuss the issue. .
They received 11,000 tyngka.
This loss of his name has shocked many members of the Congress party.
Regarding the proposal to build the market in Mawroh, they have handed over to the EM in charge of the market to look into this matter and what needs to be done so that there will be no misunderstanding on the part of the market. and especially on the part of the Mawlai Town Dorbar to say that there will be no violence or opposition to what the people do not want.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board and MLA of the area, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh congratulated the members of the Managing Committee of the school especially the Head Master of the school. part of their hard work that brought about the holy fruit.
Police have also seized an Alto 800 (AS 01 DH 2009) which was used in the theft. I didn't steal a bike.
Emphasizing the decision of the Court, Bah Ksanlah said that the decision to expel him is against even the rules of procedure of the Shella Confederacy which was established in
““Although the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has said that the Government is finding it difficult to do that, but we have also discussed that if we just become temporary employees for 15 years, it will be very difficult to do it. work besides that the salary is low.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The MeECL Progressive Workers Union (MPWU) today launched a village protest in front of the MeECL office in Lumjingshai to demand the recognition of the workers. contracts as full-time employees.
There are 73 recoveries on the same day, 51 from East Khasi Hills, 11 from West Garo Hills, 7 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from South West Garo Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. It has increased to 11392 cases.
He said that as soon as he assumed office as CEM of KHADC, he called a meeting of the jhur buyers in Iewduh and went to meet the government to urge the government to open the market. jhur to be sold in Iewduh, but due to the overcrowding, the government has allocated space at the parking lot in Anjalee.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh spoke about the vision of the leaders of the Hill State movement who have worked tirelessly to ensure that we get the of the state in accordance with the customs and traditions of the people.
Replying to a supplementary question by Bah Ardent, whether this is against the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act, the Chief Minister said that by sending permission, they will find out all the facts. They have to submit the documents of the owner of the land.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The BJP Meghalaya State Unit has seen an article in the newspapers that it will not oppose any attempt to ban the slaughter of cow meat.
It should be remembered that if you are determined to accomplish anything, you should not turn back even in any difficulty because when you have a beginning you should have an end.
Shillong, March 27: Smugglers of cattle from India to Bangladesh across the border of Meghalaya, especially from East Khasi Hills, have been struggling to smuggle cattle to Bangladesh despite the arrest of BSF troops from time to time. for.
Herman Lyngkhoi has been appointed as Vice Chairman, Wyraiwan Sohtun as Secretary and Kyllang Thongni as Asst Secretary.
He said that NEIGRHIMS will write to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of India not to conduct the recruitment examination through NORCET,” said Bah Synrem. agree to postpone the shipor.
Seraplang Shadap was elected as President, Parson Masharing as Vice President, Frankinsen Masharing as General Secretary and seven other office bearers of the Raid Madan Kyrdem. organization and five as a member within the working group.
“I have asked those before me, they say that the No Confidence Motion comes after the List of Business.
In Meghalaya, the Victory Bharat Yatra was inaugurated in East Khasi Hills district today.
These apps are listed in the appendix below.
It is from the vision of the Ministry of Agriculture that synsar has not yet been recognized as an agricultural commodity but as a wild commodity because the cultivation of synsar will affect the environment and also the crops. It is difficult to eradicate this method of farming in this area where the cultivation of the rock formation is difficult.
In the past, once they had risen in education, they had risen higher and more perfect in manners.
The candidates announced today are Adelbert Nongrum from Jaiaw, James Ban Basaiawmoit from Mawkhar, Latiplang Kharkongor from Nongthymmai, Carmel Sohtun from Laitkroh and Elphrin Lawai from Sohryngkham Constituency.
“In the conduct of the meeting, I think we have found many connections and issues related to this state and our country and we hope that in the coming days we will be able to Dema said that this meeting is a way to seek knowledge from both the GNHS and KHADC. We will try to bring something good from our country and from this state so that in the coming days this place will become the best place in the world" At the same time, the chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC Pyniaid Sing Syiem said the main purpose of the visit was to learn about the powers and functioning of the ADCs in Meghalaya.
This failure to maintain the religion and customs shows to the world that as a nation we have our own culture, as a Hima invites everyone to come and take part in this shad Nongkrem. to take place on November 1 and 2, 2023.
The Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that the current Assembly for the year 2018 is very sad because in the last three and a half years, up to three leaders have passed away.
Other sources obtained by SP News Agency said that Thailand has turned its attention to the North East of India after the central government introduced the Look East Policy. which is currently being prepared for implementation.
This is one of the problems faced by the people of Phlangdiloin, Photkroh and often it has been found that there are cases where the network is not available and this has affected and disrupted the operation of the Automated Teller Machine (ATM).
“The Union strongly supports and encourages the demand of the ASHAs regarding the increase in their salaries.
The accommodation of the Bangladeshi refugees was done by the Government of India without prior consultation with the Village Authorities and leaders of the United Khasi Jaintia Hills Autonomous District at that time.
At the same time, he urged that it is time to have a Meghalaya Agriculture Research Institute to look into the job opportunities according to the conditions of the land.
Speaking to reporters, E Sawian said that according to the video of the incident at Pyrdiwah on the India-Bangladesh border, he found that there was a violence. and the robbery by police inside Dawki police station against a resident of the area.
Key points addressed during the meeting included : The extent of the losses including landslides, house damage, road and communication disruption, flooding etc incurred by the public of Meghalaya due to the disaster, the specific areas and infrastructure that suffered significant damage, the immediate and ongoing relief efforts being conducted.
The party will seek a report from the district authorities and after that, those involved in this stone throwing should be punished according to the law. I'm going to do it.
The book was explained by Bah AW Rani. On the same day, KJWA also distributed prizes to the winners of the essay and poetry writing competition organized by the KJWA.
The FKJGP Mawlai Circle would also like to thank the FKJGP Mawlai Circle for their donation to support these athletes from Mawlai in the past years.
In a statement sent to the media, the Superintendent of Police (City), East Khasi Hills, Bah Vivek Syiem, said, “We have received information that there are suspects who have not committed suicide. such as FedEx carriers and telephoning the public to inform them that some items have arrived in their name but that they have illegal items.
The people of Meghalaya will now have to decide on these 345 MLAs who will be elected as the Leader of our Legislative Assembly which has 60 MLAs out of 320 MLAs. There will be only 60 candidates who will win the election and these will be the representatives of the people in the House.
In this country of ours which is known as a country of morality and dignity, a country of knowledge of family, a country of knowledge of family, a country of knowledge of the world, a country of love of gods and especially a country of knowledge of people and knowledge of God.
According to the rules laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, after returning home, they have to be tested according to the rules and the quarantine for government officials will be for 7 days.
Because if the law doesn't allow us to break drugs, we will be imprisoned. It doesn't help because those who sell drugs will be imprisoned for two days.
At the end of 2022-23, the expenditure of the Meghalaya government against the budget approved by the Legislative Assembly stood at T.532 crore (2.43 per cent of the Revised Estimate of T.21,926). chloride).
In a statement sent to the media, Prof. Kma said that the decision to contest this election is to ask the people to elect him as the lawyer for the cases. of the State of Meghalaya in Parliament.
The union will soon meet with the higher authorities of MePDCL and urge Bah Pius Marwein, MLA of the area to take action on this issue.
The stolen items include three batteries of snowmobiles and other items.
Bernard N Marak was arrested by the Uttar Pradesh Police and taken into custody by the Meghalaya Police. They have given another seven days to investigate.
She was also awarded the title of Miss Popular at the Fashion Wizard Mega Model Hunt 2019 and Miss India's Goodness Ambassador at the Miss India Black Carpet
The Aganwadi workers and volunteers have also worked hard for the welfare of the village by dedicating their body and soul to ensure the welfare of the villagers by distributing food items to them. child.
The registration will start from the lowest income groups and will increase until it reaches the target percentage.
Shillong, July 07: The Governor of Meghalaya, Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary, has not given a clear answer regarding the issue inside the CMJ University. today at Raj Bhavan.
During the investigation, the Police also recovered ammunition and other weapons used by the gang including one homemade rifle, two homemade pistols , 4 rounds of gunpowder, 1 air gun, 12 rounds of gunpowder, 9 rounds of gunpowder, 9 rounds of military uniforms, 10 rounds of masks, 8 rounds of shoes but soldiers, 3 pla, one white muja and one red pla.
According to the latest news, the MDA will hold a meeting tomorrow morning at 7.00 pm at Pinewood and at this meeting they will decide who will be nominated as the candidate from for the speaker election if it is held in the next dorbar synrai.
The decision is that the land owners who own mineral resources, from Mawshun coal and others have to prepare a mining plan and send it to the government and the government will send it to the central government to get the mining. License.
Don't you just lyndet? Why doesn't this person come to the BCC to meet especially the President or the Office Bearers of the BCC so that the necessary action can be taken.
The UDP's failure to announce 32 candidates shows that the UDP can lead and there are three MLAs who will join the UDP and this will be done soon. Shillong, November 6: The Meghalaya High Court has upheld the MDA government of Babu Kular Khongjirem.
He said that the road from Balat to Shella, from Shillong to Shella and from Shillong to Dawki includes the Dawki Bridge.
Jowai, March 26: The Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) has demanded that all the teachers who have been suspended from the Govt.
Commercial vehicles traveling to Mawtawar, NEHU and Mawlai, Jaiaw and Lawmali have been parking at this place. great.
Shillong, Lber 18: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and his Cabinet today met Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley at his residence in Delhi.
On the book “Meghalaya”, he said that this is a new book written after the state has got four new districts and this will help a lot to the people of the state, students and the workers. research and the state as a whole.
Regarding this request for the status of Dorbar Shnong, the residents of the village have met from time to time to discuss this issue.
Modiu said Azadi Ka Amrit Kaalka is a part of the time of independent India that can be compared to this special time in the past.
Speaking on the ability to produce more varieties of tied from the state, the Governor said that there is a need to take assistance from ICAR and the Ministry of Food Production of the Union Government to improve the quality of tied. The production of tied in Meghalaya.
In his speech, the president of the party, Bah Peter J Lawai, said that the government has done what for the development of the people in the past five years, whether it is in agriculture. agriculture, education, health throughout the state.
On this occasion, the Minister also distributed loan letters to many people who have set up their own businesses in various ways according to the business they intend to set up.
For example, a hundred trucks driving by, and a cop stops them all.
Before the swearing-in ceremony, a meeting was conducted by Wompherki Kanai President of the Unit. KJNU Women Wing CB President Niman Shadap, PSU President Kyrshan Rymbai, KJNU CB Organizing Secretary Edlis Suchen and others.
The KSU is pleased to condemn the leaders and people who have been making false promises to improve the road but the three years have passed and now the term is almost over but nothing has been done yet.
Those who attended the ceremony included Umsning MDC Donkupar Sumer, Mawhati MDC James Sylliang, ADMs from the Deputy Commissioner's Office, officials from government departments such as PHE, Soil and Water Conservation, Water Resources, DMHO and other departments including the Chairman of Umsning Town Dorbar Bah Dipul Ryntathiang and fellow members and women's organizations from all over the villages of Ri Bhoi.
Jowai, Jymmang 09: One of the measures we can use to measure the poverty of the people is whether they are able to save money.
This action of the policeman seems to have an intention to take the lives of those inside the shop including the shopkeepers and the customers.
“History shows that the faith of the people of the country is not limited to the country,” he said, noting that the independence struggle brought a new feeling in different countries at that time.
At the same time, JYF invites all those who wish to learn more about R. Lytan, Shkeh Suiam, Baniewkor Passah, P. Kyndait & Dangheini PL Phawa, to come to the office of JYF if you are really a member of the JYF. men who want to get clarification from the party, as it is the custom of the party when any people are needed the door is open respectfully to those who come to ask for advice, give advice unlike you politicians to blame, criticize in ways Media only because of excessive knowledge can lead to injury.
Bah Robert said that the influx of foreigners will not increase the tourism industry, but will only spread garbage.
In Meghalaya, the TMC will not cooperate in this election because all other parties in Meghalaya have cooperated with the BJP including the Congress. Congress because in Goa the Congress MLAs have joined the BJP party. He said that the TMC does not have that leadership. Work together because only the people of Meghalaya know the state of Meghalaya.
At present, many of those who went to write the MPSC examination have already said that it will be useful to write the MPSC examination because this job allocation is 40% for one ethnic group and 40% for two ethnic groups. This has led many to say that they will go and write and they will not get a job.
Speaking to Batesi TV, Kevin said that after completing his Class-X, he continued his studies at St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong. Science Stream but due to illness he could not return to his village and continue his studies at Mairang Presbyterian Science College.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The total number of cases tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills today is 60, 46 from East Khasi Hills, 11 from West Garo Hills and 11 from West Garo Hills. South Garo Hills 3, the total number of cases is
Regarding the cost, he said that the price will be reviewed soon.
He said that the government has also set up a sub committee to look into this issue and KHNAM has been able to give its opinion according to the needs. of this present age.
Shillong, Nailar 15: “Friends, I am pleased to announce that we have proposed to implement a new housing scheme known as the “Meghalaya Affordable Housing Scheme” where the government will build houses for those who low-income households".
Now you can’t extend their term just for a few minor reasons.
It is a difficult fact that farmers cannot follow the rule of 'stay at home', especially during this planting season when the rainfall is heavy.
The stipend for apprentices is 20-50% of the salaries of skilled workers in Austria, Denmark, Germany, Switzerland and other countries which affects the benefits of apprentices.
Four MLAs from Ri Bhoi, Dr C Lyngdoh, Julius K Dorphang, Ngaitlang Dhar and W Mylliemngap will also meet with the MLAs from Karbi Anglong.
Therefore, the union has submitted a memorandum to demand that the state government should cancel the interview for government jobs.
The BSF has handed over the two persons arrested at the Police Station in Umkiang to the police for further investigation. from illegal activities.
On the same day, the Chief Minister also launched the Meghalaya Community Participation and Public Services Social Audit Act, 2017 and the Draft Social Audit Manual and Draft Rules.
The UDP leaders today said that they want to talk only about the Nongrah Water Supply Scheme, the GSWSS-III for Mawlynrei, Nongrah, Umpling and Sohryngkham. The UDP leaders have denied the allegation that the Congress party leader has said that he should not fight politics for the development schemes.
From her saree, it was said that this mother was not from the tribal community.
The Umiam Stage-III project of 85MW which was signed in 2012 with NEEPCO has progressed and now it remains to take the land and after the land has been taken the work has not started. forward to start the process.
Sister Julia completed her PhD in Psychology from Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi in
Even in the midst of this, the government has not said anything and has remained silent.
Out of the 29 MDCs, only two MDCs, Pyniaidsing Syiem and Teiborlang Pathaw, took the oath in Khasi, while the other 27 MDCs took the oath in English.
Shillong, July 18: The MDA government led by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with the Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh to express their opposition to the project. the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill,
Shillong, July 22: U Conrad K Sangma, President of the National People's Party (NPP) in Garo Hills District, will start his campaign for the 2023 MLA elections in Garo Hills District tomorrow morning from Adokgre. this bag.
At the meeting and discussion, the Committee recommended to the Government to set up an Expert Committee to review the State Reservation Policy.
The office has prepared to count the votes and there are 168 polling stations in the three constituencies, 1,02,695 voters. It is only until 5.00 pm that the full count will be known, as at present they are still waiting for the count from 20 polling stations.
Police have recovered a bottle of Chloromint containing petrol from the scene. Police are conducting a search operation to track down the perpetrators.
It seems that they don't understand the details of the job but they rely only on the officers in charge.
Synnah, in the same light welterweight category as Thapa, will face Harsh Vardhan Joshi of Uttarakhand.
The ganja was seized from the railway stations of Agartala, Dimapur, Bagdogra, Rangiyaand Kishanganj. At the same time, the RPF has arrested 17 suspects involved in the smuggling. The arrested persons were handed over to the police for further investigation.
The meeting elected Bah Joplin Sten, Rangbah Shnong of Mawlasnai as the Chairman and Gyan Bahadur Chettri, Rangbah Shnong of Umru, Assam as the General Secretary. the committee and shall elect three members from each state.
The Seng urges the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep to support the struggle of the Seng so that the future generations can have a bright future and experience the ownership of their land. sand.
It is to be recalled that this land is illegally operated by this company without permission from the KHADC and its foreign employees are also illegally operating without permission. proper documentation.
The main task of the Government is the development of the state.
What they need is the local organizations that cannot provide services according to the needs of the people.
The VC said that NEHU can no longer open this college as one of the campuses but he promised to the JSU leaders to start studies immediately whether it is in the name of Community College or other types of colleges in this area as funds have already been allocated by NEHU and this will be informed and approved by the UGC in the coming months.
The match was very interesting in that they couldn't score during the first half and had to end the match by penalty shootout.
Members from all five states of the North Eastern Region gave their views on the development of the North Eastern Region, which is the central theme of the current meeting.
In the Mrs. Shillong 2019 pageant, Marjorie Noreen Dubai won, Apoorva D Gunka came second and Dorilinia Malngiang came third.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the Tourism Department of the Meghalaya Government has set rules for tourist taxis to start operating. from 6 November 2021.
Tura, July 19: Phyrnai Kyndait, 21, from East Jaintia Hills, who is studying in the 4th semester of Bachelor of Arts, has won the cycling competition at the 5th Meghalaya Games in Tura. .
Explaining the NGT's release of 200 metric tonnes, he said that East Jaintia Hills will receive 75,000 MT, West Khasi Hills 50,000 MT, South West Khasi Hills 25,000 MT and South Garo Hills. 50000 MT.MSTC Ltd will now set up coal depots in different parts of the state as the sale of coal will be done through MSTC Ltd and the sale will be offered online. get price responsibility.
If it does, it is no longer a reservation but a community and this will take into account the reservation policy.
“All these allegations are baseless to mislead the people because the government does not want to introduce a strong law to curb the infiltration of foreigners into our country and state,” he said. The Information & Publicity Secretary of FKJGP said that these 10 organizations have urged the people to continue to support and support the society. give your full support in this movement for the betterment of the nation.
More than 1,000 women and men attended the meeting to sign their support for the bill and to listen to the discussion on the bill. protect the minority community.
According to sources received by SP News Agency, the order of the Chief Secretary came after the students who have passed the examination conducted by the DSC have not yet been appointed. come to them.
Samla Ency W Shadap Organizing Secretary, This is the second time that the party has been protesting against the highway, because the first step of the party has been to raise the flag for the public, commercial and private vehicles on 16-0 2014 in Jaintia Hills as a whole we have the right to development in all aspects, but even the road is not to be looked after, that too is a big road especially the small roads that the villagers are suffering.
The team will be given special training on how to deal with protests.
This is a great benefit to the people.
“The Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur therefore, for the sake of the lives and livelihoods of the people of Ri Lum Jaintia, requests the NGT to cancel this urgent order but to allow the people to live. as thou hast been in the days of old.
At present, the writings on the tribes of this part of the North East of India are very scarce. This is why there are very few books written on the people of this area.
On this occasion, the Dorbar Shnong of Rymbai, in honor of the Chief Minister, has presented to Conrad K Sangma a statue of his father Purno K Sangma. blei which was built specially in memory of this leader of the state.
The main objective of the camp is to understand the lifestyle of the people in different parts of India and to restore unity among the ethnic groups living in the country. hi all.
“We have now decided unanimously to relocate (the residents of Iew Mawlong) to a new residence,” said Bah Tynsong.
They said that they have sent many letters to the government but the government has not listened to their demands because the government has not listened to them. nothing else but they have to hold this protest.
He said that although India has been independent for 67 years, it remains as it is now like slaves.
Albanrilang Pearson Mylliem Umlong was appointed as the team coach while Banpynkhraw Warshong was appointed as the team coach.
However, only one can be used in a dictionary.
At present, the price of beef in the market is up to T.300/- per kilo and the price of beef has exceeded this price. They can no longer produce the price of cows because the cows have become too expensive.
However, as it is now, this road has put all the passengers in great distress and also at great risk from traffic jams, vehicle damage in the middle of the road, from the injury of the sick and “There is also the possibility of accidents from having to pass through or avoid the large ponds in the middle of the road,” said Ma Hambertus Nongtdu.
Speaking on the Pradhan Mantri Matsya Sampada Yojana (PMMSY), Dr Murugan said the central government is considering how to strive for the construction of fisheries development projects in this country. India and this assistance is to support the fish farmers, such as fish farms, fish storage facilities, fish storage facilities and urged the people to take advantage of this development project.
Four NPP MDCs and one PDF MDC, Latiplang Kharkongor and Lambor Malangniang, independent MDCs, were absent from the UDA.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The residents of Hahim area today held a public meeting of 11 villages to discuss whether they should be in Meghalaya or Assam. The state election will be held in Dispur on Thursday 6/8/2
All those who wish to register for Aadhaar must obtain the approval of the Rangbah Shnong with a signature and seal along with documents to prove their ownership.
According to the Mylliem Shyiemship Act 2007, when the full Syiem is still alive, but for unavoidable reasons, the Hima has to have an Acting Syiem while the full Syiem cannot take over. Syiem, after he has been appointed, shall inform the Hima that he has taken over the matter.
The union has requested a report on the border issue but they have not been able to speak. When it comes to the casino, no one has been invited. The implementation of the CPC and CRPC has been completed. HITO leader Donbok Dkhar said that the incident occurred at around 10:30 pm local time.
At the same time, this action of this company is an insult to the KHADC because it has violated the rules and has stolen the license obtained from the KHADC. The EM has promised to take action on this issue.
He said that the KHADC has now strengthened its Enforcement Department with equipment and when they go to inspect, they will go according to the law.
Markhangduba Primary Unit, President A Khorai, Gen Secretary Maslai and 51 members.
The Chief Minister will have to take responsibility for the Constitutional Crisis which he himself has brought about, namely, that the Council of KHADC has complied with all the rules of the AD Rules 1951 in the completion of the elections. the CEM within 48 hours, especially when the UDA candidate withdraws from the election.
“The party will go to any length that will not be able to imagine if the bill is brought back to the GHADC,” said Bikdot.
Bah Shakliar Warjri expressed his happiness for the 25th Anniversary of the Seng Kur Warjri and urged the elders to continue to promote the activities of the Kur Warjri.
These seven new buildings include a hostel for men with a capacity of 104, a hostel for women with a capacity of 104, five Type III quarters, Type IVA Quarters, 7 Type IVB Quarters, a hostel for senior residents with 25 accommodation, a guest house with 19 rooms and 2 better karmas. .
The IOA officials also said that Manipur, which hosted the National Games in 1999, has brought benefits to the youth in physical education as they have received through the National Games. Adequate infrastructure, outdoor and indoor stadiums which have now enabled the youth of Manipur to become the best athletes in many sports.
