The nine robbers were arrested by the residents of Mawiong village: Raymon Warjri of Mawlai, Headingson Kurbah of Nongthaliew, Lamphrang Pakyntien of Mawlai, Samkisoh Shabong of Nongthliew, Lamdingstar Kharkrang of Rani, Klossing of Rani. from Mawumkah and another 16-year-old boy.
This is the second time that the Seng Khasi Mawlai, has been able to hold this shad ka kmen, in this lympung shad, after receiving this venue from the office of the Syiem. in the Kingdom of Myanmar.
There is also a lack of media coverage of his work.
To facilitate the work of the party, the party has appointed officers for different districts of the state. Hills Bah Nelson Kharbani, West Jaintia Hills Damonmi Dkhar.
According to the report, the committee has recommended to the government to set up a police station in the area by setting up a police outpost at Wahkaji.
This shows that perhaps the MLA of South Shillong wants to gain political advantage, especially in the South Shillong constituency.
Police rescued him at 12.30 PM at noon.
Shillong, June 29: Three cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District and two cases in West Garo Hills District today.
Speaking on the impact of the budget on various social activities, Modi said that its focus on research and innovation will help the youth.
Shillong, July 05: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today celebrated the World Environment Day. Tree planting in Langkyrdem village under Pynursla Civil Division.
The KHADC will complete the rules and regulations to cooperate with the villages in the four districts under the jurisdiction of the KHADC. He said that there is a need to have committees within the villages in the four districts to see how to prevent the spread of garbage.
Ltd in Nongtrai which is a large dewbilat producing company from which the State Government receives billions of rupees in revenue every year.
The Federation of Khasi States has also written to the NHRC and the NHRC (Law Division) has sent a letter of case No. Div) by stating that this issue can be dealt with by Parliament as it is within the power of Parliament to deal with this task.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor W Nongbri today sought a report from the Director of Health Services, Government of Meghalaya on the opening of the Health and Wellness Centre. " He said in a statement today after the announcement of the mid-term elections in the 26-Shella Constituency.
He has already passed through Punjab and started from Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Goa, Karnataka, Kerala, Andhra, Odisha and West Bengal to Assam and will reach Shillong tomorrow.
Later it was learned that some Pakistani soldiers had crossed the international border and reached the refugee camp.
Speaking at a meeting held at the Additional Secretariat, VPP President Ardent Miller said that they demand that the state government should stop the recruitment of government jobs without checking the reservation. Policy.
The tournament will be held in Shillong after the completion of the judo camps in all 10 districts except East Khasi Hills.
On the NIA's summons to the HNLC leaders, he said the state and central governments have said there will be no interference.
Police have seized a fine of T.4500/- tyngka from these government vehicles.
Puja, who is from Bihar, is suspected to have taken her own life due to the demand for dowry from her husband's family.
What is more shocking is that when the injured were being taken by ambulance to hospital, the police stopped in the middle of the road and bombed the patients and destroyed the ambulance.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the government has decided to allow 25% of the traffic from commercial vehicles except in Shillong and surrounding areas.
Even in the UN General Assembly, large and small countries are in the same position through 'One Nation, One Vote' regardless of the size of the country.
The BSF troops fought back until only “one soldier, one bullet” remained, and 09 BSF troops surrendered their lives in the service of the country.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with Bah Pynshngainlang Syiem, UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that after careful consideration, the party has decided to nominate Bah Pynshngainlang Syiem. Pius Marwein, who has almost reached the threshold in the last election, has been elected as the candidate for the mid-term MLA elections from Ranikor.
In an X Post, the Prime Minister of India said that the Kakrapar Nuclear Power Plant, the third phase of the project, is built with locally produced power plants and is the largest in the world. Now, the credit goes to the scientists and engineers who have worked hard.
Shillong, November 27: The candidates for the MDC election from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) are now in confusion over the delimitation passed by the House. of the District Council Affairs of the Government.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with CVD Diengdoh Secretary, Home Ministry, Meghalaya, he said that the meeting was on the directive of the Chief Minister to discuss better the issue. At this meeting, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung said that if the government cannot set up a BOP in Umlaper, Ummat or Umtlieh, the government should set up a temporary police force to protect the population until the border is settled.
The Prime Minister said that hundreds of oxygen plants have been opened in the country through PM-CARES and the North East has also received about 150 oxygen plants.
In response to the faith of the people of the country, the government under the leadership of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi has worked to explain and fulfill the promises made by the BJP to the people of the country. its election campaign.
The KSU South West Khasi Hills District has directed the Circles and Units to fight against this ANTI-LOCAL POLICY of the Government by not allowing the Government or the District authorities to bring in workers. foreigners within Mawsynram Block and South West Khasi Hills District.
“According to the discussion, the State Education Commission will try to provide the rights as much as possible.
These four families, who were still living in the midst of the crisis, had to stay together at the house of Bah Thna Lawai.
The Governor in a statement today said that Soso Tham has made a great contribution to the literature and development of the Khasi language. the great man will continue to inspire generations to come.
The meeting was conducted by Chief Secretary KS Kropha in Shillong and was attended by DGP SB Singh, Principal Secretary Fiance RV Suchiang and other government officials.
New York, known as the Big Apple, has 340,000 millionaires, 724 cent millionaires and 58 billionaires.
He said he was now afraid to work in Garo Hills after the incident.
I have also revealed that the truth will be revealed.
The Shillong Municipal Board, the Shillong Cantonment Board and the Urban Development Department today conducted a cleanliness drive at the Anjelee parking lot in the presence of the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling.
We must also work with a spirit of solidarity and the goal of ensuring that benefits from government reach all sections of society.
When the police seized the vehicle, they searched the vehicle and inside the vehicle they found a trolly plate. When they opened the plate, they found that there were Yaba tablets. The trolley weighed 10.174 kilos and belonged to Jiten Wairokpam Singh.
Tynsong said that the Government has also discussed the registration of land and the Government is still talking and will set up a special committee. that I may not do what I have done.
Furthermore, for the benefit of the consumers who receive ration in the state, there is now a Consumer Dispute Redressal Mechanism. For more information, please call 1800-345-3687 or visit our website.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, JSU President Rikut N Parin said that their visit to Shillong today is to meet with the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan. However, as he had to leave for Delhi, they met with the Secretary, Bah HM Shangpliang.
In the past few days, many things have happened, so it is necessary to come and visit, and if you see for yourself, you will have a better understanding. to inspect the school in the presence of the Minister of Education in the presence of the Chief Secretary.
Amit Shah said the police memorial is not just a symbol but a recognition of the dedication and hard work of the police for the building of the country.
The CEM of KHADC said that many of those who applied for permission to get tihmam have been rejected because the government authorities do not recognize the land titles issued by the Dorbar Kur, Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid. and Dorbar Hima to verify the ownership of the land, in which those who apply for permission have been directed to register the land with the office of the Sub-Register at a reasonable price.
The injured were taken to CHC Sohra for treatment.
Shillong, Nailar 01: U Bah Lakpa Wangdhi, resident of Lower Lumparing, passed away today and the funeral service will be held on Friday, 3/8/2023 at the cemetery. of the Presbyterian Church in Lumparing at 2 pm today.
When asked about the request, Pakma did not have any consent to hand over the road to NHIDCL for maintenance, but the Engineer said that he did not have any consent to repair the road. NHIDCL has not accepted this road.
There are specially designated waterways and ports in many countries for trade through Inland Water Transport (IWT).
The second prize went to Harydson Kharmawphlang of Eden Academy School, Shillong.
In the men's category, Fairwin Nongkseh and Melvern Lyngkhoi scored the second goals for Ri Bhoi District by beating East Khasi Hills 2-1 Rodrygo Sympli scored the first goal for East Khasi Hills.
“In fact, there is a company Laxmi from Silchar which comes to work from time to time and works only properly and has not been able to improve as it should.
He said the department is working in the belief in the 'Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas' of the Prime Minister and has implemented many schemes to bring about such a society and for the empowerment of to people with disabilities.
Much of his activities are told through the hunger strikes in Barod and Kheda for independence from the British, which led even the British government to accept the demand for a price hike. treasury.
The absence of this law on the part of the law enforcement agencies has left them in darkness.
“As an MLA, I will send a letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong in charge of PWD (Roads) and the Minister of Electricity Abu Taher Mondal as a suggestion to the Government,” he said. to Mr. Adelbert.
The webinar was conducted by ADG Region Lucknow, RP Saroj and was attended by teachers and journalists from the three states.
All these cheetahs are being monitored day and night by a team that is responsible for this.
For the sake of the life and death of the country and the nation, the Seng urges the children of the Bri U Hynniewtrep to work together on this issue so that the future heritage of our country will not fall into danger,” he said. Bah Dkhar.
That location may be physical or online.
Myntri Rangbah Duh spoke about the empowerment of the poor, Dalits, backward, ethnic minorities, those with disabilities and every family in a difficult society. Their growth does not pass through Parliament.
The purpose of the Minister's visit was to ensure the proper generation of electricity from the Leshka Project.
GHSMC General Secretary Augustine Marak will be appointed to the MPDA while others will be appointed under other provisions of the Act, the lawyer said.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik to address the issue of SSA teachers. relating to salary and salary increase.
Speaking to media, the President of the party, Bah Polius Thyrniang, said that in this second raid, the party has arrested 18 drug addicts including drug traffickers. .
It was informed at the meeting that the work is progressing and within the next few months this project will be achieved and this statue of the state forest will be placed at Mot Tirot in Mairang. in place of the current statue.
Alantary Dkhar Vice President of the party said it would have been better if Donal V Thabah had lodged a complaint with the police so that the law enforcement agencies could take action. There is nothing wrong with this incident.
Speaking at a meeting held at Congress Bhavan today, the Congress leader said the party welcomes those who have left the party or those who have been expelled to come. back to the party and they will try to invite them back to the party.
Dance groups from Assam also performed traditional dances including the Bihu dance, which is famous all over the country.
The Child Minister, Government of India in charge of Home Affairs, Nisith Pramanik delivered the keynote address and expressed his happiness to see 'Unity among Differences' in Arunachal Pradesh. .
It was strongly recommended that no public march should be held at the beginning or end of the meeting.
The damage to the water supply is not only for these people but also for the coal mining traders who live in Khliehriat Lad-Rymbai Bapung and so on. For example, the DC, ADC, SP of East Jaintia Hills have to carry drinking water from Jowai and Shillong. ,I don't have any side with anyone but in spite of all these facts, it is not right for those who have seen with their own eyes to say that coal mining does not damage or pollute the waters of the rivers. The claim of some leaders that the coal mining does not affect the water is wrong. This shows that the coal mining does not affect the water. He said that the NGT has banned the mining of coal in Meghalaya after it was found that many of the rivers in Jaintia Hills have been flooded due to the flow of coal water. kubur This is in the report on the deterioration of the Lukha River which is due to dewing water, why do our leaders tell the truth.
During the investigation, the two men confessed that the water pipes were smuggled from Dulagarh, Kolkata and the phensedyl was smuggled from Guwahati.
Shillong, July 09: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has issued a notice to prevent the spread of COVID-19 to prevent the spread of COVID-1 one is the city of Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The Superintendent of Police (SPL) of East Khasi Hills District, Sylvester Nongtnger, on Tuesday said that many people have been arrested by the Supreme Court. Court.
Shylla said that this money is for the 2019-2020 fiscal year, regarding the damage caused and for the 2020-2021 fiscal year, no figure has been received. long how much in this natural disaster.
In Pynursla Civil Sub-Division, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh launched the flag.
As the religious leaders expressed their regret to hear about the spread of false news about the vaccination, the meeting gave suggestions to the government on how to curb the spread of false news.
The meeting will be held between the KHADC, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the land dealers to see what they can do in this regard.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has warned all media outlets not to publish any article saying that a party will win many MLAs or that it will win from anywhere. any constituency while the counting of votes has not been completed.
At the same time, more than 1000 students have passed the examination held on 15th July this year, including AB and UB in the 6battalion. Only 400 candidates have been selected in one group and this has put the job seekers in trouble.
Meghalaya has received a share of T.157 crore from this GST payment for the fiscal year 2019-2
Shillong, July 27: Police in Meghalaya today raided the Polo Market and seized a large quantity of Parsi and Phareng liquor.
To ignore all this would be a violation of the great responsibility placed on these officers,” he said on 21st June,
“There are some of those who have fallen into the trap, who have even threatened to kill themselves by stabbing or drinking alcohol for themselves and their children because they say they cannot be allowed to “Look and see that your own children will fall into the trap from now on,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
Lamphrang said the party will go to the government to demand that it should send an inquiry into the matter.
Shillong, July 11: This decision was taken at a meeting of the synjuk held on Thursday.
“These people don't have documents and if they commit crimes we are sure that the police will not be able to find them,” said the President of the HYC. The HYC members have investigated these people and found that they were not arrested but were released by some Harijans who live in Them Iewmawlong and after the incident in Them Iewmawlong in more rent was charged.
There are 2 deaths from East Khasi Hills District 1 and West Jaintia Hills 1 from West Jaintia Hills District 1, bringing the total number of deaths so far in the state to after.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: U Minister of PWD, Martin M Danggo, today convened a meeting of officers at Hotel Polo Orchid Tura to discuss the road works in Garo Hills. road to understand the problems they face.
MP Vinay Sahasrabuddhe also delivered a speech at the meeting.
Shillong, Lber 29: U Bah HS Shylla MDC of Nongkrem, while taking part in the discussion in the KHADC on the budget for the year 2018-2019, said that the KHADC should improve the situation. The unique owner of the Khasi by taking the jaid from the mother.
Others have also proposed such as Shillong Medical College, Shillong Engineering College, Tura Medical College, Garo Hills but he has no interest in Jaintia Hills.
Various competitions will also be held among the students during these two days as part of the programme.
The BGB will be led by Qazi Masroor Ullah, Additional Director General Region Comdr, North East Region, Sarail, Border Guard Bangladesh and Region Comdr, South East Region, Chittagong.
Pangniang said the HSPDP respects the UDP, but there may be shortcomings here and there and it is up to them whether they need to cooperate or not.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The KHNAM State Youth Wing under the leadership of Bah Thomas Passah, President of NEIGHRIMS, has congratulated the KHNAM State Youth Wing for taking the initiative to visit NEIGHRIMS regarding the influx of foreigners. Thousands of people through Nightsuper Buses almost every day in the early hours of the morning...this arrival of these foreigners at this main hospital of Meghalaya,, has caused many people of Hynniewtrep to doubt about the number of these foreigners. In other states, the hospital has more than 10,000 out patients every day.
Police have taken the bodies to Williamnagar Civil Hospital for post mortem. At the time of writing, the bodies are still at Williamnagar Hospital.
These measures are to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in the country and the district. These measures will come into force throughout Shillong from today, according to a statement issued by the Deputy Commissioner. of East Khasi Hills District.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Lapang said that Ri Bhoi District has received four school buildings to be constructed with ADB funding: Nongtluh Secondary School, Diwon and Alpha Higher Secondary School. School, Nongpoh, Nehru Memorial Secondary School, Umsning and Mynken Higher Secondary School, Bhoirymbong.
Charles said that the Umsning Jaki road is about 80 km long and the remaining 40 km the people of the constituency are still facing problems because the road remains the same until now which has caused problems for them. public in traffic.
It is for this reason that the cow traders are dying to smuggle cows to Bangladesh because of the high price.
The two-day meeting was held annually for the officers working under the Income Tax Department. The meeting was attended by Shaktikanta Das, Revenue Secretary, U.S. GS Sandhu, Secretary, Financial Services, Ravi Mathur, Secretary (Disinvestment), Chairman and Member of CBDT, and other officials were also present.
The Seng strongly warns against those who are trying to destroy the river from the place called Iashem Um to Thwai Syrngan that if they continue, the Seng together with the Dorbar Shnong will punish them according to the law.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Malngiang said that if this money is received from the central government, the construction of the paitum can be completed within a year in Shillong.
However, the surprising thing is that all these illegal residents in this area have been able to ring bording and how the authorities have not investigated and have remained silent.
They also informed about the increase in health resources to better fight against Covid cases and the support received through the PM CARES Fund.
“It is up to the party leaders to decide (whether I will contest or not).
According to the information received by the Seng, these trucks were driven from Majai, Shella, Bholaganj and other places.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Pynshngian said that they will wait for the reply of the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) of the Union Government as they have already answered the questions sent by the ministry. of the Central Government to the District Council.
Although the service sector has been an important sector of the state's economy in the past.
: The Meghalaya Trader Fresh Vegetables and Ginger Association (MTFVGA) which is the umbrella of four groups including the Khasi Jaintia Food Vegetables Association (KJFVA), the Shiliang Um Traders Farmers Association (SUTFA), the Ïewduh Khasi Pnar Association The IKPA and the Fresh Green Ginger Association (FGGA) Ri Bhoi together with the leaders of the Federation Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Agriculture Cell on Friday visited the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. Bah Prestone Tynsong on the difficulties they face from time to time in relation to the trade of agricultural products in different parts of the state.
Replying to the remarks of the Opposition Leader Dr. Mukul Sangma, he said that he will write a letter to the leaders of the political parties in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance government. party Congress.
On the other hand, after sending the report to the government, it is up to the government to release the money and after receiving the money, they will distribute it to those households who have been allowed. affected in this tragedy.
During the raid, the BSF seized 5000 kilos of Indian sugar which was smuggled to Bangladesh.
In the meeting with Dr Piyush, the MSSASA teachers from Garo Hills said that they have received information that NIOS has prepared to conduct the examination only in Shillong. The purpose of the NIOS and the reason why the examination center should be set up in Garo Hills is also the same.
The government order has come into force from the date of issuance of this announcement.
The All India Presiding Officers Conference was held in
Shillong, Nailar 04: “If the BJP National President Amit Shah invites me to meet, I will meet,” said Bah Alexander Laloo Hek, MLA of Pynthorumkhrah.
As in other areas, in the right manner, but in Narpuh area, it has been done unfairly just to deceive the people.
The Krishi Jagran Millionaire Farmer of India Awards 2023 was held from the 6th to the 8th of this month and during these three days these seven farmers also had the opportunity to take part in various programmes. not conducted in these days.
After being forcibly taken into the clinic with a byrngem byrsit, they were forcibly detained in the clinic and locked up inside the clinic.
The areas under the jurisdiction of the GPO are Dhankhetti, Lachumiere, Malki, Pine Mount, NCC, 29 Cantonment, Civil Hospital, Rhino, Pine Walk, Barik, IGP Point, Governor House, All India Radio Road, Bivar. Road, M.C.Road, Bishop Cotton Road, Oakland, Polo Road, Polo Bazar, Jail Road, Sadar Police Station, Quinton Road, Thana Road, Police Bazar, Umsohsun, Mawkhar, Wahingdoh, Keating Road, Lady Keane area, Forest Colony, Lawmali , Polo Hills, Shyiap and Langkyrding.
There are 211 confirmed cases, 31 cases in hospital, 27 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South West Garo Hills, 1 case in West Garo Hills. West Jaintia Hills 1.
The protesters who came to participate in the protest were from all over the state and invited one or two people to sit for 10 days from different workplaces and this will not affect the distribution of electricity in the state. LUCKNOW, OCT 5 (UNI):- Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressing at Azadi@75 New Urban India: Transforming Urban Landscape Conference-cum- Expo in Lucknow on Tuesday.
Once again, the JSU hopes that this good idea of ​​this former leader of the JSU will reach the goal of victory so that as a person who always has responsibility for the life and death of the country and the nation. he has the opportunity to serve more and more for the good of the people and also to protect the country and the nation.
The main objective of the Ministry of Women and Child Development is to fill vacancies in the state services for women and children and to promote the cooperation of government agencies to introduce laws that ensure equality of women, men and women in society.
Now that the rivers have been destroyed by the flow of coal water, they have immediately stopped their work. They have tried to appeal to the authorities but no one has listened to them. They work in another job and live like others.
This is one of the areas that affects the rapid growth of development projects in the district but if this transfer is not yet time it will continue in the future the union will take strong measures and to reveal the names of If the union finds any authorities involved in the dismissal of the officers.
The meeting began at the auditorium with the lighting of candles by the guests and dignitaries, followed by a keynote address by Swami Hitakamanandaji Maharaj, Secretary Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong, who encouraged the youth. to become responsible citizens of the country through proper education and inspire them to progress in life.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, today said that the union will send a letter to the councils and NEIGRHMS to investigate the matter through RTI. He said that 31 people have tested positive for COVID-19 today, of whom 26 are BSF personnel, 4 civilians and one soldier.
On the other hand, the HYC has alleged that the Congress-led government has not been able to do anything in this regard.
Do they have to go to work in the past when they have passed higher grades in their education?
Regarding this incident, the villagers of Tripura have sent letters to the central government and political parties to help them with their problem, but as of now nothing has happened. any organization that will come forward to help them.
New Delhi, Nailur 19: The President of India, Ram Nath Kovind today opened a meeting of Vice Chancellors of Central Government Schools, Directors of Special Education Institutions of the Ministry of Education. The Central Government and other Federal Government Agencies today through the internet.
The Director said that the 71 clusters have been set up in all districts: 22 in East Khasi Hills, 4 in East Garo Hills, 5 in West Jaintia Hills, 7 in Ri Bhoi District and 8 in Ri Bhoi District. Garo Hills 4, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 11, South West Garo Hills 5, West Khasi Hills 2 and North Garo Hills 3 cases.
Forty-nine types of food items have been prepared in this competition and these recipes will be published in the form of a book so that they can be distributed to the public across the state.
It is to be recalled that the KSU in the past few months has submitted a petition to the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong to set up a Traffic Branch in the district. but unfortunately the Government has not done anything on this demand of the union.
They were released by carrying them from one place to another.
“Our goal for 2032 is to achieve it now and I encourage the youth from Garo Hills to take this opportunity to develop in the sports industry.
The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government, ahead of the Republic Day celebrations, has released the names of the country's leaders who will receive the Padma Award this year.
When called to stand, 10 opposition members of the House, six from the Congress party and Grace Mary Kharpuri, an independent member, stood.
Shillong, November 15: The Border Security Force (BSF) in Meghalaya as part of the training on cleanliness and hygiene has continued to clean up their residences at BOPs. The BSF has concluded the cleanliness drive around the workplaces from 1st to 15th November 2022. Today the BSF has completed the cleanliness drive at Purakhasia of South Garo Hills District.
The Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills, Bah GD Kharwanlang, said that two bodies were found in a forest near Mawrusyiar village. one belonged to a woman.
Shillong, Nailar 30: There are 15 new cases of COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 1 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in South West Garo Hills and 1 in South West Khasi Hills. , West Garo Hills 7 cases, 87 cases, The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed that 24 cases have recovered from the disease. There are 39 cases in East Khasi Hills, 26 cases in Ri Bhoi, 3 cases in South Garo Hills, 6 cases in West Garo Hills and 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
In this regard, the union demands that the government should immediately suspend the construction of the railway line in the state, at Byrni in Ri Bhoi District.
“Only ambulance vehicles, vehicles involved in tragic incidents such as death and vehicles of journalists will be allowed to pass on the roads.
Shillong, Nailar 22: Sarita Lyngdoh Nongpuir, wife of former Mawlai MLA, Sarita Lyngdoh Nongpuir, has prepared to contest the MLA election to be held in October
Mairang, Naitung 27: In compliance with the order issued by the Hon'ble High Court of Meghalaya for PIL No.2 of 2021 dated 26th June this year.
In a phone conversation, DC Kong Isawanda Laloo promised to take action against the Khar shipai.
He said that he has been in the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha, but he has not heard any discussion on this issue from the MPs of Meghalaya. Send a clear reply to the letter dated 18th July 2012, sent by the Ministry of Home Affairs, so that the Government of India can take the necessary action.
According to police sources, police have received information that in Nongshram village in Dmit district, those who were shot dead were from the same household. The deceased were the parents and a young child.
The KSU Girls' Wing has questioned whether it is because of the illegal entry of foreigners to the point of rape and looting even what is in the body of the woman until the spirit of knowledge is no longer there. “It's a good idea to cut and shed blood and how much more to the natural resources in the land of the ninth skum,” said a statement from the Students' Union.
The Archbishop of Shillong Archdiocese today announced that the first Assistant Parish Priest will be appointed at Umsohlait Parish in Ri Bhoi District starting from June. year 2014.
In his speech, Bah Samuel said that the violence of the Central Government against the minorities in the North East of India has been evident since 1947 when the land of Hynniewtrep was forcibly invaded. In 1966, the Central Government used the Army to bomb the Mizoms and the implementation of the Arms Forces Special Power Act and now the BJP Government wants to abolish the minorities. The North East has passed the CAB,
The IMD has warned that the earthquake could hit parts of Meghalaya and Assam on the 14th and 15th of this month.
In his welcoming speech, Bah Ramsiej MLA from Umroi Constituency said that the NPP will come to power in 2018 without hesitation. The state has been under the rule of the Congress government.
He said that the Lokayukta Act in 2014 and according to this is to look into allegations of corruption even in the office of the Chief Minister and others, as appeared in the media on allegations of corruption in Shillong, March 16: The Chief Minister today urged the management of GVK, which operates 108 ambulances in Meghalaya, and the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union to attend a meeting to discuss the issue. solve this problem.
Police suspect that the perpetrators may be a group of Rakkam from Jadigittam.
India's development as a garment manufacturing hub will depend on market attractiveness and investment in quality technology as well as in new products such as technical textiles and Man Made Fiber (MMF).
“On the case registered by the NIA against the Seng, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, “These are detailed matters but to speak generally when you are in the discussion there should be nothing wrong. rules and interest that is one-sided and therefore must be mutually agreed upon.
Shillong, November 23: Twenty-nine new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong today. The total number of deaths was
Until now, there are residents in Par Umkhen who live near the Umkhen River and use the water for farming, washing and cleaning, even for drinking,” she said. Union.
The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been dissolved on Tuesday after the National People's Party (NPP) moved a no-confidence motion without its support. and MDCs of the Congress Party.
He said that before 2018, the state had appeared in all aspects but now this government has turned the state to the bottom and has followed the religion of the state. many sides.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC hopes that this situation will go smoothly, so that if the government releases only the share that they should receive, they will fight as much as possible. The Executive Committee will discuss the matter and decide on it.
On the opening day, the Governor in his speech touched upon all the government departments on what they have done and what the government intends to continue to do in the 2021-22 fiscal year.
Explaining the expenditure, the Minister said that the National Health Mission (SDRF) has allocated T.271.2 crore, the Revenue and Disaster Management (SDRF) has allocated T.23.7 ​​crore. PM CARES is T.3.5 crore, the Chief Minister's Relief Fund (CMRF) is T.7.4 crore and the Chief Minister's Special Grant is T.14.7 crore.
“The NH 44 is the most important road in the transportation not only for the residents of Meghalaya but also for other states in the North Eastern Region of India. The construction of this road by GR Infrastructure Ltd is too slow and this may delay the completion of the road within the stipulated time. “It has affected the traffic of the people,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO Central Body.
Before the inspection, the Mawlai MLA said that they have already held a meeting with the Executive Engineer and SDO of Umsning Division PWD and on their part, they have agreed to repair and improve the road. The VIP road starts from Lummawsing, Umsaw-Mawjynrong, Nongkohlew, Mawsiatkhnam, Umrynjah and so on.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah A Nongbri SDO of Mairang Civil Sub Division, Mairang Civil Sub Division, explained to the people that it is necessary to vote which is their right.
On receiving a tip, the Jaintia Hills Police have informed the Manipur Police and they have arrested Tanthaoliu Gonmai from Imphal West District with T.13,00,000 lakh.
He said that in a society that takes its descent from women, it is appropriate that such a school has been established only for women to empower them even in education. Although the state government is facing many challenges, it will fight as hard as it can to achieve the aspirations of the people.
During his visit to West Khasi Hills, the Governor today met with the District Administration and the meeting was held at the office of the Deputy Commissioner which was chaired by the DC Bah T Lyngwa.
On the other hand, the HSPDP leader said that the party has so far identified about 10 candidates to contest the 2023 MLA election whom the party has already confirmed to contest the MLA election.
Larikynti Lyngdoh came second in the easy competition and Shantanu Dhar came first among the children in the drawing competition, said the Group Captain. Amit Mahajan Defense PRO.(SP News).
At this meeting, the KSU has expressed its opposition to the appointment of MK Chertri as one of the Directors. The union said that the government should resolve this issue. The union said that this action of the government is against the rights of the employees of MeECL.
Those who came to take part in this two day festival are from those villages in Labang Nongphyllut Elaka. This festival is an opening for the people of the area to preserve the traditional costumes.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Chief Executive Member of JHADC Thombor Shiwat said that it is true that the Jaintia script has been found. This is the first time I've seen Riquoma Rq Laloo.
The All India Movement Meghalaya has also criticized the government for forcing people to register Adhar by making it compulsory because Adhar is only for those who need to go abroad and not for those who need to apply. to different schemes.
KaushalVikas Kendras and training centers have been opened across the country, he said.
The BSF has handed them over to the law enforcement authorities for further investigation.
At this meeting, many people suggested that the water supply should be preserved and to fight as much as possible to provide clean water.
The Syiem of Sohra Hima said that what the Thiedieng settlement has shown is the internal affairs of the Hima and if they can resolve it there will be no problem, said Pa,im Freeman Sing Syiem.
The robbers stole a mobile phone from Bah Ramius and T.700/- tyngka.
Shillong, Nailar09: The Mawhati BCC today visited Dr.C Lyngdoh at his residence in Umsning.
Telenia told SP News Agency that they will attend the meeting.
Taking advantage of the forest area, the Bangladeshis have managed to make a difference in their efforts to run to search the area. The BSF has arrested one of them, Satta Miya. .
The Prime Minister of the country, Narendra Modi, believes and has demonstrated through his actions that the participation of all people is the best way to fight any problem and this is another example of this belief.
Regarding this incident, he will talk to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to provide assistance to these families and will also talk to the Deputy Commissioner to provide assistance to these families. mat this tragedy.
According to police sources, the money amounted to T.2,62,831/- This money was stolen from many people who hired the police of the company.
Besides the DC of EKH, Dr. Aman Warr, Jt Director DHS, EKH, Dr. JV Basaiawmoit, Medical Director, Bansara Eye Care, was also present as the chief guest. Milind Jhadhav, Head of 2.5 NVG Essilor Representative, India and Mr. Aaron Basaiawmoit – Chief Executive Officer, Bansara Eye Care.
On the same day, the Women's Wing of KHNAM Tynring was confirmed as President, Jaisilin K as Vice President, Milinda as Secretary and A Nongrum as Assistant Secretary. , R Nongspung as Chairman and 32 members of the group.
Member Indo-US Parliamentary Forum 7.
India has held a celebration across India as well as in Meghalaya and today the dance was attended by school children and youth trained at the training centre. dance.
The social agreement is to allow UCIL to proceed with the construction of the road from Wahkaji to Mawthabah for a distance of 20 kms and to allow the company to proceed with the mining of uranium.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: All the ministers of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government will campaign in Ampati on Tuesday. The NPP candidate will win the mid-term elections.
These companies are one called M/s Komorrah Limestone Mining Company Private Limited whose head office is located in Kolkata, West Bengal. Your headquarters are located in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
These are the challenges, these are the challenges that we have to address but these challenges cannot be solved by war.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 96325 people have tested positive for COVID-19 so far. There are 94370 cases so far in the state.
They were urged to cooperate with the Rangbah Shnongs, CCMTs and Incident Commanders.
The government has planned to find a residence for the ANVC-B in South West Khasi and West Khasi Hills but this plan has received strong opposition from the people of these two districts. .
“Ka seng also urges the GR Infra Project Ltd to clean up those areas where the vehicles have been able to drive fast. temporary/permanent signboards in all places where there is a danger to pedestrian vehicles and also speed-breakers in all public places near the road such as schools; churches, and others to prevent tragic incidents.
Shillong, November 01: The District Level Judo Competition in collaboration with the Meghalaya Judo Association (MJA) will be held from 16th to 18th November 2014 at Indoor. Sports Hall JN Sports Complex Polo Ground.
The curfew will remain in force after 8 pm until further notice.
Officials of the party were also present on the occasion and the poster of the game was also released.
In a meeting with the VC of NEHU, which lasted for more than two hours, the Union had the opportunity to discuss the issue and the VC explained to the Union leaders that It is true that NEHU has allocated about Tyngka 6 crore for this campus and out of this amount more than Tyngka 7 lakh has already been spent on the construction of boundaries around this campus. place.
The arrested persons have been handed over to the state police for further investigation and punishment according to the law.
This phenomenon is considered a natural disaster.
From 1984 to 1990, India had its own satellites. From 1991 to 2005, the technology was improved to provide information on natural disasters. 2014 to 2023 is the time when India has provided the latest documents to the IMD. Shillong, July 20: One person has been strengthened. An unidentified person who did not know where he lived climbed an electric pole and lost his life on a post light of Mawphlang Sub. The station is located at Mawphlang village.
The names of all 370 persons who have sacrificed their lives in the service of the country were also read out.
However, although the KHADC has accepted the suggestion of the Governor and has set up the Delimitation Committee 2013, the Village Leaders have found that the Committee has been set up only as a formality. The Delimitation Committee shall have the independent and exclusive authority to review and prepare new procedures for holding public hearings without any rules or regulations. how to ensure or comply with it should go around the villages and areas of all the 29 constituencies.
The demand of the GNLA is that the Garo people need to get Garoland as their own state and this can be proved.
People came out in large numbers to take part in this celebration to commemorate the liberation from foreign rule.
At that time, the government had allocated funds to implement this project but now this plan of the government has not reached anywhere.
The Congress has alleged that the Modi government without calling a tender has purchased the same Rafale aircraft at a cost of Rs 60.145 crore each and for 36 aircraft it has amounted to Rs 1670.70 crore. the month of June
Congress sources said that there has been a request for the CEM to resign but the CEM has not yet taken any decision.
On the part of the ERC-SSSS, it would like to express its gratitude to the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Iewrynghep for providing the Community Hall to host the Career Guidance and Counseling Programme.
Adding to the meeting with the Minister, Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang, Leader of the FKJGP Central Body, said that the hospital has been serving the people of the area for 70 years. After being transferred to the PHC, there are many delays in the working methods due to the lack of nurses.
More than 11.57 crore animals have been vaccinated so far and the vaccination is ongoing.
Thousands of people left Shillong to accompany the body of the leader along with his family members.
D. All the students who were honored today were many, on this day the organization also distributed special awards to those students of Jaiaw Pyllun who have contributed for the development and improvement of bring fame to the village of Jaiaw and the country of the nation.
GTK Depot, Delhi-110033.8.
The newly opened school was named Lawmadion Presbyterian LP School.
Shillong, Lber 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, in reply to the speech of the Governor of Meghalaya, Banwarilal Purohit in the Legislative Assembly today. The government has received sanction for the construction of the Shillong Engineering College in Shillong and the College of Urban Planning and Architecture in Tura.
“In Assam, there used to be an Illegal Migrants Determination by Tribunal Act, 1983, but they say that this affects the Citizenship Act, 1955, Foreigners Act, 1946 and others which is beyond the law. repeal of the Illegal Migrants (Determination by Tribunal) Act,
Ronnie V Lyngdoh said that India is a country without discrimination under Article 25 of the Constitution. religion, this robbery was unconstitutional.
Residents are advised to be vigilant about these fraudsters.
The Gold Medal winners were awarded by the Minister of Education, Government of Meghalaya.
In a letter sent to the EM Trade of KHADC, the KSU said that the KSU is deeply concerned about the increase in illegal trade which is against the rules and regulations. The KSU has urged Bah Paul to do something about this for the benefit of the people of the state.
This rude behavior of the foreign employees of Topcem has angered the people and they have threatened to lodge a complaint against these foreigners who speak rude language.
Regarding this complaint, the police have conducted an investigation to find out the truth and who is wrong in this case.
The incident happened between 9.30 and 10.00 pm. The authorities in charge of the jail rushed Hajong to Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment.
Shillong, November 07: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the state government has already sent a letter to the central government regarding the peace talks with the HNLC. live in the central government.
The General Manager of the club, Andrew Suting, expressed his gratitude to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma and Minister of State, Paul Lyngdoh for their support.
This action of the authorities has put the contractors in shock and disappointment as they do not know when this work will start.
Its recommendations include the ability to generate electricity by considering the possibility of generating up to 3000 MW from five existing units.
On the other hand, KHNAM said that all the managers in the mobile companies in the state are not from this state and most of them are from other states and this has hampered the employment opportunities of the people of this state. especially the young people who have completed their studies.
Total number of applicants for the SSLC examination was 65794, 64269 candidates appeared for the examination, 34003 candidates passed, the overall pass rate was 52.91%.
Usha Padhee, Joint Secretary, Ministry of Civil Aviation, along with other Government officials of the MoCA department also attended the programme. the gate to the north.
Police have informed all the places to search for the perpetrator.
Many government officials and elders of the area were also present on the occasion.
Shillong, June 29: Robbers who tried to rob vehicles going to Borsora and Nongjri areas at 24miles Shillong in Ranikor in South West Khasi Hills District have been arrested. They have drowned in the Ranikor Bridge and their bodies have not been found yet.
Shillong, Nailur 30: With the aim of encouraging students to use computers in the 21st century, the Prime Minister today distributed computers to students who are still in school. Class XII on the 2nd of March at the Polo Ground.
The loss is the rice where the stalk has been cut off and the rice will not grow anymore.
In this regard, he requested the Chief Executive Members to come to Delhi for the upcoming parliamentary session so that they can discuss the issue better.
For now, the party will oppose the government's plan to build a railway line to the Khasi Hills.
Shillong, November 16: U Prime Minister Narendra Modi today launched the election campaign for the BJP party in Meghalaya for the upcoming MLA elections. of 2018, in the presence of Union Ministers.
The members of HYC NEHU-UNIT will stand as a pillar to work for the country and the nation and to improve the livelihood of the country. Hynniewtrep is not a small unit.
Shillong, Nailar 07: The session of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya may be convened in November next month and the election for the election of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly may be held at this session. .
The opening ceremony will be held in April 2019 and the preparations are ongoing.
He said that on his part as the father of the household, they are not rich, they are poor and they don't have the opportunity to buy land elsewhere because they don't have enough money for the land. we.
This road is used by vehicles behind the office of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) and many other offices on this side.
Shillong, July 17: The Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited, Sohra, has started producing 600 MT of cement per day.
The office has asked for a day to do this and they will inform the leaders of the results when they meet with the NOIS officials. The Guwahati office had said that it would correct the errors within 45 days but it could not do so.
Mawlai received the champions’ trophy and check of Rs 3 lakh from the chief guest, the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Shri DP Wahlang.
However, the government has now ordered that all traders have to pay the tax to the government.
The death toll has risen to 8 from East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of deaths in Meghalaya to day.
The visit to Meghalaya was held in the fourth phase which started from Doomdooma in Arunachal Pradesh on 16th November 2021 and will end in Kolkata on 26th November
There are 90 recoveries, 2 from East Jaintia Hills, 53 from East Khasi Hills, 7 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from West Garo Hills, 16 from West Jaintia Hills and 11 from West Khasi Hills. .
No one has the authority to correct the spelling, but only the State Sabha Academy in the state.
Martile N Mukhin MDC of the HSPDP also raised the same request to change the word “Registrar” by inserting the word “Record or Recognition”. feel agree.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Police Training School today conducted a blood donation drive for 29 policemen who came forward to donate their own blood. This was done in collaboration with the State Blood Cell. National  Health Mission.
The success of this scheme depends on the improvements brought in from time to time for the verification of submissions from farmers.
Shadap said the party has supported and praised the CoMSO led by Robertjune Kharjarin President HYC to demand the implementation of the ILP in the state.
It is a big challenge to start over in India which has been destroyed because there are many differences, differences and others and there are also those who want the country to be destroyed. side.
Martin M Danggo's demand for a Civil Sub Division for Ranikor has been a long standing demand since the Congress-led government of Bah DD Lapang and also in the Congress-led government of Dr Mukul Sangma. His Civil Sub Division as an MLA is in front of the NPP-led MDA government. When the reporter tried to contact Martin M Danngo to ask whether it is true or not. The truth of this rumor is that he will resign as MLA and join the NPP to contest the MLA election from this party. .
On 21.03.2014, the judge, Mr. Justice TNK Singh, gave his verdict.
The child, a resident of Laitumkhrah, is the daughter of Raju Gurung. She is suspected to have run away with Majidul Khan from Kujarpith village in Barpeta district of Assam.
Replying to this, Dikkanchi said that she has sent the question to the Ministry of Transport but how did it reach the Ministry of Transport and Communications? .
The BJP party, which won two MDCs, will sit down to discuss whether they will join the EC or not. They have seen that the NPP will lead the new EC in GHADC if the BJP cooperates. The Congress party, which has won 12 MDCs in the 29-member Assembly, is also looking forward to winning 17 MDCs in the NPP. Shillong, June 14: The Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, today announced that the EC will be formed in GHADC. He said that a meeting was held between the school principals and the education department of the state government under the chairmanship of the Additional Chief Secretary in charge of education. it is with the schools in this state.
All parents are requested to bring their children under 5 years of age to be vaccinated against polio at the designated places in their villages.
The closure ceremony was led by Bah L Syiem President and Bah Bawan Nongsiej Secretary. They visited several government offices in Shillong such as the office of Khadi and Village. Industries Commission and others who are fighting against the opening of offices on this special day of Shad Weiking.
The Government has also banned all sports, training centres, all private offices, except those private offices in the food and beverage sector. public relations.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma said that tomorrow morning he will leave for Guwahati to meet with the Chief Minister of Assam. part of the meeting between the two Chief Ministers to discuss the border issue between the two states.
Jowai, July 11: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has expressed its strong opposition to the State Government's proposal to transfer the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District. only months now.
Shillong, Naitung 15: Khadsawphra College Mairang on Tuesday congratulated Dephi Lyngdoh Mawnai, who has been selected for the North East-Bihar Zone Cricket Tournament to be held in Chennai from 16th to 25th of this month for U-1
Jowai, Naitung 10: The AJYWO Central Body through its President Bah MH Dkhar, wishes a happy Behdeiñkhlam to all the children of Jaintia Hills, especially those who are still in Niamtre. to observe and perform the rituals on this Behdeiñkhlam.
In a meeting with the RMSA authorities in Jaintia Hills, M Pyrbot.
The President said women play a major role in environmental protection and climate change action.
According to a statement issued on 16th February 2007 by Bah AL Hek MLA and Bah Sambor Shullai MDC at that time, during the raid, the party found spirit that for shisha that the NOC is not issued by this society.
Congratulations and blessings to all those who have helped these poor families so that they can continue their good deeds in the years to come.
Shillong, November 05: NPP MLA Nihim D Shira has welcomed Bah FD Ramsiej to the NPP party in the presence of many party office bearers and a small number of his supporters.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pyniaid Sing Syiem said that there are 17 areas to investigate. role.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: In a statement sent by the KSU South, the PHC has done everything in accordance with the rules and regulations laid down by the government. West Khasi Hills District has expressed its opposition to the government's attempt to bring in foreign workers and the union would like to make it clear that this order of the government will not be allowed to operate in South West Khasi Hills. Hills District and parts of Mawsynram Block.
Ms Macdalyne on this occasion expressed her special congratulations to Bah Daniel Stone Lyngdoh Nonglait who has worked hard for many years to find out more about their grandmother until she was able to release this book. This is the honor of the Khasi people who have raised this freedom fighter.
He started suffering from January 2011 and this suffering lasted until
The government's attacks and insults against the members of the Sengbhalang especially the members of the KSU have been seen as having hatred, intimidation and intimidation in many areas.
Regarding the theft of kwai , after robbing the kwai from the pdem , some of the households inside the area of ​​Syndai village , and after the thieves They saw that the owners of these kwai had fled with a pick up and tried to pass through the Myntdu River at Kharkhana and Borghat but due to the flood they could not escape. Through this difficulty, the VDPs of the Syndai Mission were able to track them down at the same place.
The areas claimed by Meghalaya are Tarabari with an area of ​​4.69 sq km, Gisang with an area of ​​13.53 sq km and Hahim with an area of ​​13.53 sq km. The area is 3.51 sq km. Langpih has an area of ​​298 sq km.
On the other hand, the Union Minister acknowledged that the lack of roads has caused problems in the transportation of goods produced in the area.
Other members of the House who took part in the discussion were Bah PT Sawkmie, Bah M Nongrem, Bah P Syiem and Bah HS Shylla. The House has approved the implementation of the MoU signed with UCIL for the construction of the road. Wahkaji to Mawthabah and the NOC issued for the mining of this mineral has also been cancelled. The House will appoint an independent committee of inquiry to investigate the allocation of funds by UCIL to KHADC for the construction of the mine. to this road.
In this raid, BSF troops of 172 Battalion seized 190 bottles of Phensedyl while the smugglers were trying to smuggle it to Bangladesh through the border of East Jaintia Hills, Meghalaya.
The seizure was made after a joint effort between the BSF and the State Police to fight against smuggling at the border which affects the income of the country.
From Ichamati, members of the KSU left for Sohra to award the 4th Maitshaphrang Academic Award to the students of Sohra area at St John Bosco Boys Higher Secondary School, Sohra.
It is alleged that since 2007 various diseases have started spreading around the villages where the factory is located.
The Seng has also acknowledged that there have been allegations that the applicants selected for the walk-in-interview have not complied with the rules and regulations laid down by the Office. To clarify the list of candidates selected for the interview and to avoid the allegation, the DHS office should release the marks of all the candidates who applied for the job so that the applicants can also be satisfied.
New Delhi, July 17: At a special time in the history of the country, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched the largest vaccination program across the country. in the world until now.
You are advised not to be on the road during the scheduled times and this will be at your own discretion.
The death toll has risen to 75 in the state while the death toll from COVID-19 in the state has risen to 0.90%.
Mario is a graduate of IIT Bombay with a Master of Design and Bachelor's Degree in Architecture.
Those who came to take part in this exhibition were only from Sohra area, Mawphu, Umblai Nongsteng and Kyntunongrim.
Government Ministers AL Hek, Samlin Malangniang, MLAs and officers from the State Government including PW Ingty Additional Chief Secretary of the State Government. .
Those who tested positive for COVID-19 today are from the army and civilians.
At present, the state government has been involved in a series of crimes where it has not been able to curb all these crimes and the people of Garo Hills are now living in fear. They demanded the immediate removal of the General Secretary of the party.
According to the rules, those who apply for a Birth Certificate after 10 months of birth must submit a Court Order.
Regarding the school matters, the Ministry of Education has already discussed, but when they take any decision they have to take it for the benefit of the majority of the youth. education and also in terms of their health.
It is to be recalled that after the order of PM Desai (non-Congress) earlier that if the government cannot be formed within 12 pm, the president will be appointed.
“We need to strengthen the Lokayukta Act in our state,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has expressed its surprise at the silence of the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat. ,Sama.
The village is happy to have a CHC but the functioning is like a dispensary, said the president.
Of these, 128 have been identified as SMB employees and 56 as employees of other Government departments.
The Meghalaya Building Bye Law 2011 and 2015, the Income Tax Act 1961, the Indian Citizenship Act 1955 which relates to the Citizenship Act of the Khasi Hima in which we have i) the child of a thousand ii) the iv) Raiot (non-Khasi) v) Dkho (Garo, Achik), the need for Rules for Conduct of Business as in District Councils, Assemblies and Parliament, the need to talk about sanitation and waste management.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) today supported the leader of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit. to urge the State Government to revise the Reservation Policy in Meghalaya.
Police have also arrested four women who were abducted during the raid. All those arrested by the police today are 5 women and 32 men. the provisions of the NDPS Act.
The meeting was attended by the Chief Minister's Secretary Prestone Tynsong, Home Minister Lahkmen Rymbui, AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Chief Secretary and health officials. .
Police have arrested him and registered a case under the NDPS Act.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister's Secretary said that the government will do this, at the same time he said that there should be no ethnic discrimination.
Shillong, July 16: The Seng Kur Kharraswai Kynrang Lawbah Zone, will hold a special award ceremony for the students who have played chess and one of the elderly people who has been a Longkñi Rangbah. Gilbert G Kharraswai, General Secretary of the Seng Kur Kharraswai, Kynrang Lawbah Zone, East Khasi Hills District, said that he is now over 90 years old. .
One new case of COVID-19 has been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District today, bringing the total number of recoveries so far to , this is according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
He was taken to hospital after suffering from cold and fever for two days. He had been coming and going from Nepal and had met his friends from Delhi, Vijay Thapa. They went from Guwahati to Shillong.
Wanlambok Marngar, Chairman of the Employment Cell of the KSU Central Body, while talking to reporters at the KHADC headquarters, said that their visit is to meet with the CEM of KHADC. Bah PN Syiem demanded that the EC should cancel the decision of the EC to issue NOC for the construction of the two lane road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji.
On the other hand, the BSF has been very careful at the border as the smuggling of counterfeit money from across the Indian border is to run the market in Meghalaya.
According to the discussions with the government, there will be 14 entry and exit points in the state, but three points need to be done in Ri Bhoi, Jaintia Hill and West. Khasi Hills.
In Shillong, the Students' Union (SSU) has paid tribute to this hero of Ri Khasi who gave his life to protect the nation. The Civil Hospital Shillong, which was inaugurated today with a traditional dance from Ri Bhoi District.
Bangladesh in 2002 banned their use, followed by France in
Shillong, March 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong today slammed the allegation by former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma regarding the HNLC. “Look at the person in the driver's seat, when he can't drive the car, but when someone else comes to take his seat, he can't drive the car,” Prestone said. to drive a car across a river, or a bridge, he has to talk like that, I don't feel strange at all".
Shillong, November 09: U Dibishon Malai will lead the State at the Human Rights Council of India (IHRC) meeting to participate in the celebration of the International Human Rights Day 2017 to be held in Kolkata on the 10th and 11th. November, 2017.
The death toll has risen to 1465, with the highest number of deaths from East Khasi Hills District, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. you 992 people.
On the other hand, Bah Sunn alleged that all the mistakes were made by the school authorities.
Clean politics, I think it's time for people not to take money during elections is good, but if it's the other way it's a bad sign for the state. ," he said.
The theme of the consultation was “Alcoholic beverages, suicide among adults”.
Speakers on the occasion were Bah Bashai Khongwir, Bah Antonio War, Bah David Kharsati and Bah JC Nongbet. The meeting was conducted by Bah MS Mawri in the presence of Bah EK Sangma, Member of the Central Committee. Shillong, November 22: U DP candidate from Nongspung-Sohiong constituency, Bah Wankupar Syiemlieh, after filing his nomination as the candidate for the mid-term MDC election, said that His contest was against HDR Lyngdoh.
During the visit to KHADC, the JAC led by Bah Purnongstar Shabong had a meeting with the two EMs of KHADC, Bah Martle N Mukhimbad and Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuki. two days to appoint the Lyngdoh of the Hima Sohiong.
If the elections in KHADC are not postponed, the delimitation committee will not be able to complete the redrawing of the 29 constituencies. state to get approval.
This summary of the number of people within the kur and jaid is very important because recently it was found that the Lyngdoh Nongkseh kur which is one of the kurs to become ministers within the Hima Mylliem has started to lose its jaid.
However, the Dorbar Shnong shall not be ignored.
Meanwhile, the East Khasi Hills District and Garo Hills Zone were not supervised by the President of the party, Bah Welbirth Rani and General Secretary, Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit.
The Chief Minister said that this loan will be paid by the government within 15 years at an interest rate of 7.5%. the state has work.
The residents of the area who attended the meeting decided that the J.H.A.D.C should immediately close the gate within 7 days otherwise the party will take another strong decision against the office. The JHADC has announced that the president of the party, Bah Roi Pulang.
On the other hand, the CM also expressed his appreciation for the initiatives of the Meghalaya government for Laitryngew; “Our priority is to transform through the implementation of projects and initiatives to improve the quality of life of the residents.
They also said that the ILP in Manipur has to go through the Central Government because the ILP in Manipur has not existed before, but this law does not exist in Meghalaya and only with the notification of the State. The Government has failed to implement the ILP in the state.
The letter was signed by Bah Seiborlang Diengdoh President and Samla Batyngshain. The letter was signed by Bah Seiborlang Diengdoh President and Samla Batyngshain. Natep General secretary.
Besides the church committees, the Dorbar Shnong Committees, the Taxi Drivers Association of Laban Area have also received assistance to celebrate Christmas
Besides, the Executive Committee has promised to pay the salaries of the employees.
Shillong, July 28: Police of Sardar Police Station today summoned members of the KSU in connection with the petrol bomb blast at the BJP office on 06 July
Shillong, Nailar 17: Police have arrested two persons for allegedly raping a 14-year-old girl in Mawiongrim.
Shillong, March 04: The Dorbar of the Hima Mylliem today at a meeting held at Iewduh Market, u Minister in charge of Market Affairs, Bah Klephas Langstieh, announced that the kilo cut of agricultural products will increase. long according to the weight of the kriah or the borni.
Speaking to reporters, Bindo M Lanong, who was elected as the party's strategist, said that the Congress party is protecting the Congress party leaders who have been accused of corruption.
These Kbeit have been staying at this place for about six months and this festival has been going on for 40 years and this is the fourth time that these Kbeit have been staying at this place. They are believed to come from Siberia, Russia and landed in South Africa. On the way they stopped at this place. They have been coming down for about 10 years, at first people used to kill and eat them but under the leadership of some elders they were able to stop this killing.
Replying to a supplementary question by the Opposition Leader, Prestone said that Meghalaya will receive T.800 crore from the World Bank and 13 schemes have been implemented and 8 are pending. The budget will be used from 2021 to
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya today sent a notice to the Rangbah Shnongs of Shillong and Mawlai to hold a meeting of the Peace Committee. .
These areas include the impact on (1) vulnerable groups in society; 2) mothers, and 3) members of social minorities.
The meeting was chaired by the Chairman of the Committee, Bah Jied Kurbah.
The Ujjwala Scheme for tobacco-related diseases, the JalJeevan Mission to prevent waterborne diseases and the National POSHAN Mission for anemia and malnutrition.
The child is under the care and protection of the state government, in a state-run children's home.
One of the policemen who accompanied the IO to investigate the incident told SP News Agency that they received the information at 11.25 pm. The information has come quickly and now they are conducting an investigation.
The five vice-presidents elected are Ajay H. Patel, Amit Sanghi, Ashok J. Pandit, Ashok Mittal, John Kharshiing, Putul Kumari, Sushma Singh and Verinder Kumar Dhall.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Overwell said that on 13/08/2019, the Rangbah Shnong Shngiansing Nongbri has suspended the work to repair the two CC Roads. to attend the Catholic and Presbyterian cemeteries.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Unidentified persons today detonated a petrol bomb on a government vehicle (ML-01-5971) while it was parked near Mahari Petrol Pump, Jaiaw Langsning.
The number of voters in the MLA elections in June 2023 is 21,79084. The number of voters in the last six months has increased. The number of voters has increased to 21,86,151, which brings the total number of voters to 7,0
On the other hand, Bah Vivek Syiem said that the drug trafficking in the state has become terrible and many of the households have been destroyed.
New Delhi, Nailur 02: The Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, Government of India in exercise of its powers under section 69A of the Information Technology Act together with the Procedure and Safeguards for Blocking of Access of Information by Public) Rules 2009.
The deadline for submission of applications will be on 28th May 2024 at the office of the District Sports Officers during office hours.
On the other hand, the union has urged the authorities to investigate into this unpleasant act.
Thousands of people came to witness this great day.
He said that the elections will burden the Government's budget and it cannot be denied that it is necessary to use all the resources of the Government to ensure a fair, smooth and acceptable election.
Other speakers on the issue were Bah Bindo M Lanong, who said that India has been in existence for 76 years and no government has been willing to take a decision on this issue. Under Article 44 of the Constitution of India, it is stated that even the Supreme Court has not yet issued any decision on the cases that have come before it.
The aim is to improve the governance in the blocks so that the lives of the residents can be improved.
“Education should not be just a basic education but should be a valuable education in this age.
The employees of EMRI-108 have expressed their dissatisfaction with the announcement of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to increase their salary by 7 percent from their current salary.
Speaking to reporters, Bah RL Blah, Secretary of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep, said that the meeting was held on the occasion of the government's invitation to the Union of Village Authorities. Different groups on the implementation of the Roster system.
He was the first in the Northeast to become a Superspecialist in Gastroenterology, completing his DM (Gastro) in 1987 from PGIMER, Chandigarh.
Ribhoi District Police have conducted a thorough investigation in connection with a case registered at Nongpoh Police Station under Section 120B/121A of the Indian Penal Code (section 10/13/18 of the Indian Penal Code). Police on Tuesday seized a pistol, several gelatin sticks, detonators and ignition fuses, a flag of the HNLC and others. other types of equipment.
The police have been punishing and sending jakoid in many parts of Shillong.
On the other hand, the media visited the area and saw that the police who were present at the area have checked the vehicles entering and leaving the city. Pass to pass, entering vehicles must register the names of the driver and passenger.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad, has been transferred and appointed as the Governor of Sikkim.
Two candidates have applied for tickets from the NPP Ranikor Constituency, but SS Lyngdoh, General Secretary of the NPP Ranikor Block, who was the chairman of the meeting, said that the NPP Ranikor Block recognizes only Air Marshall. who is also the Chief Organizer of the party to be the candidate for the MLA election 2018 from Ranikor Constituency.
He said that many officers in West Garo Hills have been arrested for their wrongdoings, anyone who has done wrong cannot escape from the hands of the law, the law is with the people. they should fear the law and whether by people who know that there is a law if they do wrong they will be punished by the law.
Others are exempt from ration shops, because they have two parts, one which falls under the Public Distribution System (PDS) through the National Food Security Act; that you have to buy directly from the market.
The structure of biopesticides derived from other living organisms that can kill plant diseases (bio-pesticides containing living organisms such as uHa) is explained. Biopesticides were also distributed to the farmers so that the farmers could try and test these biopesticides in their farmland.
Therefore, this time he has included them under the Administration of Elaka Amendment Bill 2023 which recognizes these youth organizations and also the women's organizations within the Dorbar Shnongs.
He added that the State Government has set up an Advisory Board under the PIT-NDPS Act, 1988 and so far after the advice, only 9 persons involved in drug trafficking have been arrested under the 3 years.
The revenue collection from liquor and vehicles will amount to T.1716 crore.
“It is our responsibility that in our country too, legal education should be in line with these standards in other countries,” he said.
The report says that strong growth and low inequality have worked together to eradicate poverty in India.
The MPCC in Meghalaya has demanded that the Home Minister of India should arrest the criminals and the Prime Minister of India should ensure that Christians in the country should have the right to to the protection.
Shillong, June 2: There are 15 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today, 13 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in West Garo Hills and 1 in West Garo Hills. 1 in West Khasi Hills, the total number of cases in the state has risen to
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The two-day meat market at the State Central Library today was inaugurated by the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah WMS Parait.
“Until now, we are very happy and we remember the image of him when we play in different stages.
Regarding the illegal stay of foreigners in the market, Minister C Kharkongor who is in charge of the market has summoned all the foreigners who stay in the market.
All the MDCs have confidence in him as the leader of the House.
In her speech, Dr. She said that women are the ones who support their fathers in their work by putting themselves behind and allowing them to become fathers. ahead.
The salary increase should be 40%, they should be provided with a vehicle for their transportation and accommodation as well.
After the dismissal of Nim Dorjee, Nongkrem SC had many chances, but could not score. throw and take the win.
According to the documents received by SP News Agency, only Syiem Marwei, Amossingstar, Malangniang, Mawsynram and Bah Lurshai Langpen signed the letter. Secretary.
On the other hand, the Executive Body of Mynsngat Village has accepted that the issuance of certificates to the Waheh Shnong from these days, has some evil intention behind it, or it can be said that it is just a political desire. of the CEM and one of the EMs who is also the former Waheh Shnong of Mynsngat in the past.
The total number of confirmed cases today is 65, 57 from East Khasi Hills, 6 from West Jaintia Hills, 1 from West Garo Hills and 1 from South West Garo Hills. after.
When the SP News Agency reached these areas, it was seen that the loss of this road has been forced. The drivers said that this is no longer a Hih Way but a forest road.
Guwahati, June 21: The Border Minister of Assam, Siddique Ahmed, on his first visit to the border with Meghalaya, visited parts of Lokhra, just 18 km from the capital. state of Assam.
They have not been able to protect the people living in the border villages from the infiltration of Bangladeshis as witnessed by the recent killing near Umkiang village where Bah Sylvanus Dhar killed himself. Recently, Bangladeshis have thrown stones at Indians and spread the incident on social media.
Sickle cell is a disease in which a person's red blood cells change and become different from the rashi.
In this training, those who came to take part learned how to turn waste into fertilizer.
Meban Shadap of ONYX won the Most Valuable Player title in the men's category and Larihun Warjri of Dubahk-A won the Most Valuable Player title in the women's category. Mejoline S. Marak of Baghmara Block has lodged a complaint with the Returning Officer of Tura Lok Sabha Parliamentary Constituency against the spread of false news in the letter head of Dr. Mukul M. Sangma. of the 41st Songsak (ST) Constituency who leads the All India Trinamool Congress.
The HNYF strongly condemns and wants the government to relocate these Garo rebels to their homeland, not to come and join hands with the people of this area especially in the Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Nailur 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to a question in the Legislative Assembly by Bah Mayralborn Syiem on the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state. Meghalaya Chief Minister said that after the implementation of the CAA by the Central Government, the state civil society organizations have held public meetings across the state to protest against the implementation of the CAA. The Government has convened a special session on 19th November 2019 to decide to implement the ILP in the state.
In South West Khasi Hills District, candidates have been nominated for all two constituencies, while in West Khasi Hills District, candidates have been nominated for three constituencies except Mawthadraishain.
He urged the people to give their full support to the BJP candidate, and I request you the people to come out on the 9th of this month and not to disturb them. Please vote for this candidate and give your full support to this candidate.
Khliehriat, Lber 07: The Khliehriat Block Congress Committee (WBC) under the leadership of Vice President Ma Pheinlang Siangshai and Vice President Shimika Sungoh led a relief operation. Two women have been affected by a fire in their house in Molamanoh village, East Jaintia Hills District.
Other speakers on the occasion included the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W. Nongsiej, Director of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department; Dr. A. Laloo, Sub-Divisional Veterinary Officer, Mairang, Dr. DD Lywait and the Sordar of Mawsawa, Bah Loving Star Mawlong.
The terms and conditions of these schemes are being shared with the States, UT. The objective of the Women and Child Development Department is to fill the gap in the work of the States for children and women and to promote the cooperation of Government departments and other groups to bring about order in the laws relating to women and children.
India has followed an approach based on availability of vaccines and prioritizing those most at risk when making decisions on who will be vaccinated first.
From this action of the government it is clear that the government will buy the land of the people through the Land Acquisition Act and give it back to the companies.
Joti is an IAS officer from 1975 and since then he has held many positions in the state governments as well as in the central government. Chief Secretary of Gujarat in 2013 before being appointed as a member of the Election Commission in
St Peter's School and Brookside Adventist Higher Secondary School were visited by the students of MLCU to discuss the issue. world they promote income.
Jowai, July 14: Although the collection of money from trucks passing through the NH 44 has been slow in the past few days, but now this collection of money has started again by people in plain clothes. In front of Umkiang Police Outpost, these are allegedly police personnel who are in the area which falls under East Jaintia Hills District.
The Inner Line Permit is also related to the land tenure system of the residents of the state. In Garo Hills, the Nokma has issued the permit and in Jaintia Hills, the District Council has issued the permit. , in the Khasi Hills he was appointed by the Syiem, Priest and Sirdar.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Commissioner and Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of the Political Department today said that the office has received a request from the public how to complain against government employees to the Lokayukta. allegations of involvement in corruption.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Minister in charge of District Council Affairs (DCA) James K Sangma on Tuesday said that the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) HS Shylla has said that he will appeal to the High Court. The Government has passed the Inner Line Permit Bill passed by the KHADC.
On the other hand, the teachers have demanded that the government should release the arrears before the 20th of this month to avoid the protests, said Bah Aristotle Rymbai.
The last dorbar was very short and this is the same, if it is in this way it would be appropriate to discuss the issues on the streets and not in the House,” he said.
These calendars will be sold at the old DIPR office under construction.
At this meeting, the Chief Executive Members said that they are ready to mobilize the people in their respective areas if the government does not listen, that is the feeling of the Hima and not yet a decision.
Speaking to reporters after talking to state government officials, he said that there are about 800 people who are eligible for jobs under the PwDs Act, but the sad thing is that The state government has appointed only 59 persons out of the 3% quota allocated to them.
Police are conducting investigation into the incident.
On the occasion, the children of the 2battalion, the managers of the shelter and other police chiefs were present to witness the relief. sun.
The union has demanded that the villages should no longer issue NOC to foreign shops and the Syiem of Nongstoin Hima and KHADC should no longer issue trading license to foreign shops because many unemployed youth will lose their jobs. This is according to a statement sent by Phersngi Nongbri President HYC Umdang Area Unit.
In a letter of complaint signed by the Presidents and General Secretaries of these departments, the KSU said that the KSU will strongly oppose the proposal to purchase land by the KSU. The army for many reasons that the people of Hynniewtrep have faced and have witnessed from time to time the incidents of violence against innocent people.
Many of the houses in Kalatek village have been destroyed by the floods and the floods have put the owners of the affected houses in shock.
This will connect to the bridge over the Brahmaputra River to connect Assam and Meghalaya to Phulbari and the northern parts of the Garo Hills will be connected by rail and this will boost trade.
On the other hand, the residents expressed their gratitude and appreciation to the BSF for these activities under the leadership of Dr AC Bhardwajan, DIG in charge of the BSF. On this occasion, the Rangbah Shnong of Muktapur Village expressed his special gratitude to the BSF for doing these works for the benefit of the people in the village. and the region.
Shillong, Iaiong 06: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, before replying to a question on the speech of the Governor of Meghalaya in the House, said, “I believe that action speaks louder than words. ".
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: Police on Tuesday night at about 8.30 pm received a tip that there were militants in the Dawagre area.
Shillong, July 14: Unidentified persons today set fire to the office of the Department of Home Affairs at Mawdiangum in Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District.
The DGP said that the roads in the last 50 years have remained the same and if you want to improve them, there is a problem. You can register up to 10 times a day.
While we the citizens of the country, we are still fighting against Covid-19 and we are still demanding a strong law called ILP. prevent foreign State.
Many other states are approaching the same point.
Tens of thousands of students of the university took part in the march in front of the Central Library and ended in front of the office of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU Prof.PS Shukla to express their demand.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Banteidor said, “Since I won the MDC election, I have visited all the villages of the Constituency and I have witnessed with my own eyes the problems and needs of the people.
Dikki M Sangma said he joined the militant group in June 2011 and was sent to Durama Hills in East Garo Hills for six months to teach how to to use AK.47 rifles, to detonate bombs and other types of weapons according to the present era.
Initially, the Scheme is for 1 year which will continue till
Police have said that they will not tell anyone about those witnesses.
During the meeting, it was understood that the distribution of light bills to the companies is difficult because there is still only 11 KV power station. It has not reached the point where the light users cannot provide the right light because during the rainy season when the wind is strong, the lights are cut off.
Gen.
The meeting was attended by 59 leaders from different states, of whom 56 voted in favor of Shri Raninder Singh, while three votes were cast for Yadav, who is not the president of the Uttar Pradesh State Rifle Association. .
At present, the Congress party will not write anywhere because they are still seeing this in the media. When they receive a letter from the government, the party will stand up and fight against it. to amend the Sixth Schedule as Panchayati Raj, said Bah Roni V Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Nailur 24: Although the state is still in the midst of protests by the political parties demanding the implementation of the ILP in the state, the students of Kiang Nangbah Govt.
This is just a reminder that if the Government cannot protect our people, we can see that the country of Hynniewtrep could reach the verge of civil war.
He shall fill the empty space, at such a time when the darkness shall come upon the house.
This is the second time that St. Anthony Higher Secondary School has taken part in this tournament. Last year St. Anthony Higher Secondary School won 10 times and lost 10 times.
Shah said these are great achievements achieved under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and without peace, it is impossible to bring together groups that bring about development, education and health. you are healthy.
According to the report, there are 97 cities in the list of the richest cities from Africa, Australasia, CIS, East Asia, Europe, Middle East, North America, South Asia and Southeast. Asia.
During these three days, 1,17,246 lakh children under the age of five years in five Blocks will be vaccinated.
Therefore, the Shillong Diocese has appointed and urged only the close relatives of those new priests.
The Film Bazaar section of the festival has various sections such as Co Production Market, Work in Progress Lab, Viewing Room, Screenwriters' Lab, Market Screenings, Producers' Workshop, Knowledge. Series, Book to Box Office.
The KSU has informed the state government and the state government has spoken to the KSU leaders regarding this road and the government has agreed to build this road in this area. drive from the existing old road even though this road is very steep.
“Is there a law to call people to the police station just to take questions and arrest them at 10 pm,” he asked the KSU leader.
The total amount of money seized in the state is T.35,02,000/- tyngka, while the total amount of money seized so far has reached T.51,55,900/- tyngka. .
Goswami also won the gold medal in the women's category, followed by Meghalaya in the silver and Jyoti Agarwal and Pooja Goenka in the bronze.
The PWD has sent puhsilum to clean up the landslide and has struggled to restore traffic on the road between Shillong and Dawki at the time of writing. the work is still in progress.
The Government should appoint judges in all districts to hear separate cases relating to them.
The sudden death of the Lyngdoh of the Hima has shocked the people of the Hima. The Lyngdoh of the Hima said that he is one of the rulers of the Hima who has held this post for many years. .
According to the KSU JHDU leaders, the KSU Lakadong Unit has come to Jowai many times to meet with the CEM to discuss the demand to change the name of the police station. Lad Lakadong Police Out Post in Lakadong village instead of Lakadong Police Out Post, but this plan of theirs has failed because the CEM has refused to talk to them.
Jowai, Nailar 07: Four political parties from East Jaintia Hills District, including the KSU-KC, AJYWO-EJZ, FKJGP-KC and HNYF-EJZ, have urged the state government to hold a meeting to discuss the issue. The Border Security Force (BSF) has been urged to withdraw from Khliehriat immediately if their movement does not work.
After inspecting the road, the Minister said that if the government can get land to build this road, it will help in relieving the traffic jam on the GS Road and parts of Mawlai and to enter Shillong.
Speaking as Kongan, Bah Embhahlang urged the students to have a goal for their future without looking only at the present.
In these Dorbars, there will be explanations by government officials on the missions of the government such as Lakadong Mission, Mushroom Mission, Milk Mission, Jackfruit Mission, Ri Jongri and others.
The students gathered at the Arunachal Secretariat near Anjelee petrol pump and marched to Arunachal Bhavan in Cleave Colony.
“This proposal has moved forward.
When they turned to the availability of buildings, the YHNYF found that there was a difference in the way of providing assistance.
When the villagers searched the house, they found about seven golden tins filled with drugs, said Bah Kharkongor.
The new General Secretary of the AICC in charge of Meghalaya will meet with the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and DD Lapang tomorrow morning. to consult them regarding this desire to change leaders.
Bah Walton has contributed not only to his colleagues but also to the country and the nation.
Welcome speech was delivered by Jhanika Siangshai, President, Women's Congress Committee.
In a reply to the House, the Chief Minister said that the area of ​​the border dispute is 2729.14 Sq Km, which Meghalaya claims to fall under. in the state of Meghalaya.
The court sentenced him to life imprisonment for the murder of 20-year-old Corphilia Nongkynrih in
Shillong, March 04: The Meghalaya Elementary Pre-Service Trained Teachers Association (MEPSTA) today met with the Minister of State for Education in charge of Primary Schools to demand that the government should impose a appoint teachers who have completed the training as sent by the government.
On this occasion, he approved the schemes to the Deputy Commissioners, who sent the same to the Block Development Officers (BDOs) to release the funds to the beneficiaries including the Dorbar Shnongs and organizations.
About 40 of them are now in various jobs abroad and even in the United States and they are doing very well in their work in the field of computer books.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The party has faced many challenges in the past 10 years, but now it has got strong candidates who have no hope of doing well. in the 2023 MLA elections.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The state government should not delay, should immediately hand over to the CBI for a clear investigation into what happened in Mukroh.
Shillong, July 03: Shillong Police on Tuesday recovered the body of a woman from Mawiong Rim Forest with injuries on her face.
Shop owners who are still waiting for their goods such as jhur, pylleng, syiar and other perishable goods should call these numbers and should also inform their address, shop. They have to provide their phone numbers so that the Hima can inform the District authorities to take the necessary action to avoid the market pollution which could affect the health of the people. .
Shillong, Nailar 01:The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that as of 10 am, 33 cases have been confirmed positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills. In Ri Bhoi, 3 cases, 1 civilian and 2 cases from the Army, 1 case from West Garo Hills, 1 case from West Jaintia Hills, 1 case from West Jaintia Hills and 1 case from West Khasi Hills. these are civilians.
The proclamation of patriotism is near and the birds of many colors will arrive around the state especially as the MDC election is approaching. Rev JJM Nichols Roy, who called for the Sixth Schedule of the United Khasi Jaintia Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to become one, has failed. UK & J HADC because of politics.
KJWA President G.Reenbon said that the KJWA will hold a race on the 27th of July 2017 to raise funds for the school.
This is in accordance with the rule relating to retired persons Rule 36(1) of Rule VIII of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council Service Rule pension, if someone dies at work they will receive 30% of the salary for 10 years.
R.Madhavan, President of FTII congratulated the students who took part in the film.
The High Commissioner of India to Bangladesh recently visited the state and discussed how to improve relations between the two countries. To build a five-lane road from Guwahati, Shillong, Dawki to Sylhet to Chittagong, Bangladesh.
John F Kharshiing, Chairman, the Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep, said that what is needed is for all the KURs to conduct a Census on the number of KURs to know the poor and the suffering KURs. to the homeless KURs who live in foreign countries and to carry the needy in times of need.
“This separation of the judgment from the work of the officers will help to speed up the cases,” said the judge.
The Waheh Shnong said that dozens of Karbis carried sticks, threw stones and shot at the Saitsama Out Post Police who were patrolling in Lapangap.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The FKJGP Sengkmie on 16th August 2016 held a meeting with the leading leaders of the FKJGP including Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit General Secretary and Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit General Secretary. Kitboklang Nongphlang Education Secretary together with the leaders of FKJGP East Khasi Hills District including Bah Elton Warjri President and other members of the district left for Mawsynram to hold a meeting at Rit. Mawksir Café, Mawlamyine.
I also visited the pharmaceutical plant in this area.
Referring to the speeches and suggestions of the MLAs who took part in the discussion, the Minister said that although he could not explain all the speeches but he said that he had written down their speeches and He will take action on the suggestion to ensure that the people do not suffer.
"If necessary we will seek RTI, I am sure that the government cannot hide and if the government hides it means that the government is hiding the money of the people somewhere we cannot know," he added.
Such training will help the farmers to acquire new techniques in farming.
On the other hand, the Minister congratulated all those who have been selected for this position and blessed them all to do well in the work that will be assigned to them.
The scrutiny of the documents of the candidates will also be held on the same day and if anyone wishes to withdraw from the contest as candidates will be held on 20/2/2
Shillong, Iaiong 10: The Meghalaya State League is no longer new but has been held twice in the past years but due to the outbreak of Covid-1 year is not dep.
A letter was also sent to DR JN Shullai, Director of Mihmyntdu Community Social Welfare Association (MCSWA) to appoint a drug treatment center in Jowai and Lad Rymbai.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Kynsaibha Gympad and Phrangki Lamare have won the title of 3rd Miss & Mr Sonapyrdi 2014 contest organized by the Music & Singing Club Sonapyrdi (MSCS). Community Hall Listen.
He said that the difference in this method of cleaning is more than that cleaning by humans because the body of humans has three parts and as humans there is a movement in the body. but with these robots there is no movement and the movement is exactly in the right place.
The UDP party can support the candidates of the UDP in any MDC constituency where the party is contesting in six MDC constituencies in KHADC and one in JHADC. The NPP has not nominated a candidate because the UDP, NPP and BJP may have a coalition in the upcoming Assembly elections. Shillong, March 05: The Cabinet of Ministers of the Union Government today announced that it will support the candidates in the constituencies where the BJP or UDP do not nominate candidates. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has agreed to introduce amendments to the HIV and AIDS (Prevention and Control) Bill,
Through this statement, the KSU informs that from now on these four persons will be recognized as full members and leaders of the KSU Central Executive Council.
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : The revenue from kwai in the past four years has reached Rs 10,000 crore.
To open up opportunities for the educated youth but to help them, u Bah Vincent has suggested to the Union Minister in charge of DONER to allocate T.10 crore for the purpose of He also urged to set up training centers by setting up skilled teams to train the youth of this area so that the youth of this area can get training. They are eligible to take these examinations.
Kharraswai said that the demand of these employees to the state government to run the department itself because the foreign company has failed and until now all the demands of the company have been met. it could not be achieved.
On this occasion, Bah Shylla congratulated the officers of KHADC who have worked hard to make these laws acceptable to the House and promised not to speak against them. The meeting was conducted by Bah Esmon who chaired the meeting with all the office bearers.
They don't want any protest but they want the authorities to call for talks on this and as the authorities have already proposed, but to get the recognition as full time employees will not be possible. to be at the same time all 2000 employees but there will be a rule.
The meeting was opened with a prayer by the Secretary Shnong, Bah Don Kupar War, in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong of Mawbah, Bah Arestone Thabah, Tyngshops, Puron and others who were invited.
The Seng has demanded that security guards should be deployed at this place along with caretakers to avoid illegal entry and exit.
The opening ceremony will also be held in all the villages of East Khasi Hills under the supervision of the Block Development Officers in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnongs.
Today I received a telephone call from Rewak, South Garo Hills where a man has been demanded to pay T.1,500 per household to install a gas cylinder.
“Since I took over as Rangbah Shnong for four years, we have tried as much as we can by the authority of the Dorbar Shnong but these people (foreigners) have not listened.
The HYC Nongthliew Circle on 09/11/19 has posted a letter at his office, which is located in Mairang, to remind him regarding the demands of the HYC. The demands include the upgradation of Umthlong Nongthliew Secondary School to Umthlong Nongthliew Higher Sec School.
The Government has announced the appointment of an Expert Committee to review the State Reservation Policy, comprising experts in Constitutional Law, Economics, Sociology and Demographic Studies.
He said that this road is very important as it connects the trade routes to Bangladesh and the markets on the border with Bangladesh. the price of food and drink has increased.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The total number of recoveries from COVID-19 in the state has risen to 10606 so far.
The office has sent it to the Election Commission in Delhi and we are waiting for the announcement and written notice on this,” said Frederick.
This unit will promote and support this industry in the state and will also promote the farmers in the area.
As of March, 2019, 55.17 lakh households have benefited from domestic gas through PNG for food purposes.
The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) of the Union Government has not given a clear response to the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya.
It is worth mentioning that the Mawphlang-Ranikor road has been suspended from the central government as it does not fall under the National Highway.
While the KSU leaders were inside the police station, the crowd, men and women, shouted and shouted at the gate of the police station.
The JSU said that this statement of the Chief Minister of Assam has angered the party and especially the residents of Mukroh village and the people of Hynniewtrep as a whole.
We have seen the hard work of the Durbar Shnongs, COVID Combat Committees especially the health workers. Therefore, in support of this heavy responsibility, the HYC Mawlai Nongkwar unit has come out from 6 pm. to Synreit sodium which was completed at 10 pm.
Shillong, Nailar 18: Shillong Lajong Academy, India today beat Fujian Outshion FC of China by scoring a goal in the final match of Group B at Putian Sports Center in Putian. China.
For the general election, the polling station will be held for three days from 6/June/2024 to 8/June/2024. For the Ri Bhoi District, it will be held on 8/June/2
The forest workers are very important because they are the ones who are responsible for stopping the destroyers of forests and they are the ones who will provide protection from this global warming, he said. The 23rd meeting of the Meghalaya Forest Training School was held at Baija in Williamnagar.
He said that to reduce roadside parking, the Government has set up 1,250 parking spaces in Shillong, 150 in Tura and 100 in Jowai at a cost of T.150 crore.
On the part of the party, it is understood that the MLAs have been allowed to elect one or the other, as they please from among the two candidates.
The CLP leader said that as the party, the party stands on the basis that the border talks should be for the benefit of the people of Meghalaya. that there was a lack of documents relating to the border and the government at that time had made great efforts to provide the dulir.
This is due to the hard work of the government, the full support and obedience of the people of the state, the initiative of the Dorbar Shnongs especially during the lockdown to ensure the entry and exit of people and to improve the that quarantine centers.
Before the end of the 44th day, more than 8,51,194 people have been tested so far, of whom 27,630 have been confirmed positive and sent to higher hospitals.
On the other hand, the KJSU requests all students in Guwahati to be vigilant and careful in their movements if anyone takes advantage of them. to the leaders of the organization.
The incident happened at New Model Village in Bajengdoba Police Station.
Police have rushed to the scene to rescue him but could not do anything else. The body of the victim has been recovered from the scene and handed over to the police. after completing all the requirements according to the law.
All the bands that reached the finals today are Midnight Garden Factor, Dossiers Urge, Empirical Tribe, Aberrant, Deadnote, Avenger and Fore Fields.
This will create employment opportunities for the residents of these areas in many areas in relation to tourism.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Dorbar of the Syiem of Sohra Hima today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo regarding the government's approval to open tourism in the state.
The meeting was conducted by Bah W.Wanñiang Secretary Shnong Diengsyiang in his speech he praised the WHF and said that it is the first time in his life to see so many donors. They helped only one poor family to come to the village.
Request to the public as well as men and women to come forward to donate blood on this day at the Blood Bank at Jowai Civil Hospital (Panaliar) since then. 11 am in the morning.
The Minister urged the graduates by saying, “Don't do your jobs just to get salary, but do your job well to preserve the environment. can make this earth a paradise.
One of the cases was found in Mawtharia Pomlakarai village which has 70 households.
The teachers will be brought in by the government from abroad.
Demand documents written by the ULFA from Assam were recovered from the scene and this confirmed the link between the GNLA and the rebel group from Assam.
The Minister said that the Iewduh and Iewkhyndailad will still have to be closed.
The seized cows have been handed over to the state police to register a complaint and take action according to the law. India to Bangladesh and also to prevent crime from happening on the border.
U Bah PN Syiem, who survived the election, expressed his gratitude to his supporters and all those who encouraged him during his time in the field. He also congratulated the Muktiar of Bah Kynta.
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club, Loius Dohtdong said that the demand of ACHIK to implement the Roster System since 1972 has shocked the entire state of Meghalaya.
We have decided to limit the power outage for 2 hours in urban areas and in the whole state the power outage will be for 3 hours.
It is learned that the distribution of water to the residents of Block-3 has been sent by the village as the village has faced a serious problem in terms of water supply. the village affairs were not available for discussion.
With the opening of these 50 schools, the total number of schools has reached 100 across Meghalaya. These schools are out of 208 schools in Meghalaya. the government has already announced the reconstruction in the first phase.
As it is now, the loss cannot be reduced, whether it is in employment, financial loss in the loss of income, the government should look into this and implement the measures how to to promote health and employment to free the people from this suffering which they have lost in income.
We also met with a person who has received the notice and who has lodged a complaint against the Eviction Notice and he explained to us that the piece of land that is still pending is a small piece of land. and it is not a large place where the houses are illegally built by the foreigners.
Further he said that the objective of the Reimagining Streets initiative is to make the streets walkable and said, “We have an ambitious plan to create 10-15 kilometers of walkable footpaths, broadening existing footpaths wherever possible, tiling and paving the footpaths to increase the overall connectivity to encourage walking among the citizens,” he said.
Police received a complaint from Rajabala OP on Tuesday that a girl has been missing since the 11th of this month and police have registered a complaint on the disappearance of the girl.
In his speech, Vincent H Pala said that the party welcomes them to the party Congress and they should not feel alienated now that they have become members of the party Congress.
The meeting was also attended by UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, Lahkmen Rymbui and Brolding Nongsiej. It is clear to COMSO that the convening of this special session will be to take a decision on the implementation of the ILP in the state.
The FKJGP Sengkmie said that as of now, no one knows what is written in the report because according to the media, the report was sent by the Justice (retd). The report was sealed in a packet when the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, sent it back to the Political Department for further reading.
There is no scheme like the Ayushman Bharat Yojana anywhere in the world.
The Minister also informed that NEIAH has launched Ayurvedic Immune Modulation in Children at its Ayurveda Hospital.
Shillong, July 16: The Thma U Rangli-Juki has filed a PIL in the Supreme Court against the CAA 2019 on 13th July
The suspect was identified as Chadam Ramed M Marah, who joined the GNLA in 2015 and belongs to the group. Roar.
On the other hand, COMSO has raised the question whether the State Government does not have a person to look after the bills to teach schools to the Governor. The MRSSA Amendment Bill shall be submitted to the Governor (through an Ordinance or by the Convention of a Special Session) for his signature without delay.
In 2004, he left for Bangladesh.
South Border Zone President Ajoyminson Lyngdoh, War Jaintia Circle President Eddy K Pohtam, Nartiang Circle President Neil Mukhim, Laskein Circle President Dapmain Suchiang and Jersok President Jersok. Shylla and General Secretary of the party Treiborlang R Suchen opened the meeting.
It was here that thousands of Bengolis from Bangladesh came to flee to make it a hideout from the hands of the Pakistani troops.
This swimming area is available for children and for adults.
They include Amir Hussain and Anwar Mian.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Vice President of the party, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh.
New Delhi, March 03: The Lok Sabha MP from Tura today met with the list of Indian players who will represent India in the Under-17 FIFA World Cup
After a thorough discussion on the project, Bah WMS Pariat, IAS, Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, said that the project will not stop and cannot be taken anywhere else. He said that in fact it will continue, and perhaps the project can be improved by joining forces with the objectives of other government departments. The benefits or shortcomings of the project as part of informing officers and the Government on the progress of the project and to bring about cooperation between the Government department and the public. who are the beneficiaries of this benefit.
At present, the government has not taken any action on this issue.
Replying to additional questions, the Chief Minister of Assam, Conrad K Sagma, said that he has spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam to get the land in Guwahati. The second Meghalaya House will be built in Assam.
All households and food outlets have been urged to plant one tree in their place and it is expected that all households and food outlets will follow this order. Parambir S.Sehdave is the President of the Federation of Shillong Hotels.
He also explained that English will be the central language of the State according to the Meghalaya Language Act.
The heavy rainfall from Sunday and continued until Tuesday has caused damage and deterioration of the road connecting Ishyrwat to Umpling, Nongrah, Lapalang. , Connect with the New Shillong Road.
On this occasion, Dr Donkupar said that he has worked with Bah Hopingstone for 28 years and they have always talked about the gathering of ethnic parties and the future of ethnic parties in the future. .
NESO demands that all those involved in this shooting should be punished especially the law enforcement agencies.
Shillong, Nailar 16: Three employees of GVK EMRI have received the Meghalaya Operations Award on its occasion held at Madan Polo.
The JSU has received information through a letter sent from the office of the Northeast Frontier Railway to the Managing Director of the Meghalaya State Transport Corporation on March 15, train ticket to Jowai.
On the other hand, the Principal Secretary said that the situation in the state during the curfew has been smooth without any tragic incident except for the collision of three vehicles. one vehicle belonging to Dr Syiem, one belonging to the ADM and one belonging to the Commissioner Secretary Home.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister in charge of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the Mawlai Town Dirbar will be the first group in the State to receive the financial support from the government to improve the lives of drug addicts.
There are 7 computers in the school and these computers have been provided through the North Eastern Council's IT Education Program in Meghalaya for the year. 2011-12.
Myntri Rangbah Duh also spoke about the creation of jobs from the import of resources.
The KSU has demanded that the Pro Vice Chancellor should be appointed from Meghalaya who is qualified in the field. now to conduct the examinations conducted by the high school.
The meeting was attended by Bah Gilbert Kharraswai.
However, after seeing that the first round has passed like this, there has been a lot of controversy, there have been many confusions, there have been groups that have said to go to the law and the people have expressed their views.
Shillong, Naiweing 01: Shillong Lajong Football Club will play against Mohanmedan Sporting FC at 4:30 pm tomorrow at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium.
Oscar Fernandes, Union Minister, said this while meeting with the Minister of State for Home Affairs. India, today 22 Jan 2014, and urged the Union Minister, to look into the weak broadband connectivity for areas outside Shillong, especially at their headquarters. 39 C&RD Block offices in Meghalaya and he has been requested to look into the delays and problems between BSNL and NHAI, which has suffered due to many rules and regulations to clean the line. new.
New Delhi, Lber 18: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasinaki today launched the India-Bangladesh Friendship Pipeline (IBFP) through digital means.
“The thousands of lives of people in South West Khasi Hills District have not been equated with the animals of Balphakram National Park. The State Government and KHADC should send a strong message to the MoEF on this issue and the Ministry should also review the Environmental Clearances issued for the mining and drilling of uranium in South West Khasi Hills District. “It is time for the party and the people to think again if the government does not do anything about this”.
At present, the residents of Photeitsim have been facing many problems due to the delay of the government authorities in providing electricity or roads until now, these two are the basic needs of the village or any community. that most of the inhabitants are farmers.
Election Commission officials from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills and Amlarem Civil Sub Division have visited the village to register the names of those who have turned 18 years old.
In a statement sent to the media, the President of the Seng, Kong Theilin Phanbuh, said that the party expresses its satisfaction that the election of Kong Idashisha Nongrang shows that women can to do hard work and to face trials, if given the opportunity and open doors for them.
The roads are very busy, so this road does not end only at Sohra but connects to Shella and many of the tourist attractions are located in this area.
Those attending the festival will have to park across the street and walk.
He said that in fact the submission of the schemes by the Meghalaya government to the NEC for the year 2016-2017 has been delayed as there is only three months left, but the NEC has accepted the schemes. These schemes shall be within the State of Meghalaya.
It is understood that the parents of these people who filed this complaint had entered India before 24th June 1971 so the issue of sending them back to Bangladesh will not arise again and they have become citizens of India. in Amjong.
He died in the midst of his imprisonment on 17 May
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The JSU on Tuesday sent a letter to the Chief Operating Officer of EMRI-GVK, Shri Deepankar Choudhury, Director of Health Services (MI) Dr. Aman War. The Ambulance Vehicle at Nongtalang CHC has been withdrawn from the Sub Division since 2014 and has not been in service yet. There are 108 ambulances in the area.
Meanwhile, the UDP, which has the majority of MLAs, has decided who will be sent to the post of Minister.
For more information please call 0364-2224818, 2224400 at Sardar Police Station, 0364-2544124 at Cantonment Beat House and 0364-2
On this occasion, the Chief Guest laid the foundation stone of a multi-storey house for the PSP scheme. In his speech, Dr. RN Chatterjee, Director, ICAR-DPR explained improved breeding methods in order to strengthen the production of breeding chickens in this area.
Khliehriat United Democratic Party KYRMEN SHYLLA (WINNER), 7.
The Seng also expressed its surprise how the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills has allowed Assam to construct the road exactly within the state border while the residents of Lapangap village want to build the road. The road to the village has been blocked by the Assam police and the DC has not informed the Assam.
When asked when they will give, the President did not say exactly when they will give, he replied that they will discuss the matter.
On this day, no food items were available as it was the rainy season when the plants had withered.
This is still a discussion but they have not reached a decision.
This is the story of Belbora Wankhar.
Speaking to media, AKMTTA President Ricaldinus Dohling said that the Tourism Department's income generation by STEMS buses which carry school children is due to the fact that the buses of Meghalaya Transports Corporation (MTC) that is snow.
The Shillong Municipal Board has inspected the garbage dump in Motphran on the 2nd of this month after receiving a complaint. and the multitude did not believe.
When they opened the pla, they found pistols and bullets along with military uniforms.
On this basis, the Congress supporters from 128 villages where he used to visit don't want to join the Congress party anymore because the registration of candidates from one party doesn't make sense to join the Congress party. The Congress party has to leave the Congress.
On this day, the young men and women who took part in this dance adorned themselves with gold, silver and blue clothes.
The authorities of East Jaintia Hills District, who implemented the order of the Meghalaya High Court, on 12th November, 2023, have demolished the illegally built Coke Factories in East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Naitung 18: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today called a meeting with the East Khasi Hills District Administration to discuss how to clean up the two rivers Wahumkhrah and of Sherpy.
The incident was suspected to be a high-risk pregnancy after seeing the information provided by the ANM. There were three days before the birth of the baby and the ASHA was sent to meet her.
Now we have the opportunity to uplift the people who have been left behind in the past years.
The Clean India drive was conducted as part of the cleanliness campaign across the country.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The turnout of voters in the mid-term MLA elections in the two constituencies today was 53 percent. Ranikor 82.1% and South Tura 72.89%.
In his speech, Rev Father John Madur said that as the residents of the village they have one message to send that is peace and unity and the unity of all religions to spread this message of peace.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Haark's Driving School, run by Bah Pynhunlang Nongrum and Evalarisha Shabong of Jaiaw Mawbynna, Shillong today handed over 500 helmets to the Shillong Police. They are to be distributed to the traffic police who are on duty on the road to regulate the traffic.
At the same time, the party would like to extend its special congratulations to Samla Damonmi SDkhar, General Secretary of the party, who has retired and has now entered the political arena and who has also announced to contest the MDC election. The JHADC congratulates Samla Damonmi and hopes that he will win the MDC election from Nartiang Constituency so that he can continue to contribute. a better service to the community,” said Bah Lamphang.
Shillong, July 19: The construction of the G+3 building of the Sohra Market Complex will be completed before the end of 2021, said Bah Gavin M Mylliem, MLA Sohra Constituency. the project was moving steadily forward.
Shah said under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Ministry of Home Affairs has worked for the goal of a North East free from violence and bloodshed.
At the same time, the Governor urged the Meghalaya government to start the Williamson Sangma Technical University so that the students from CMJ University can be admitted to this university. fresh.
Regarding the rape of a 14-year-old girl in Madanriting, Dr Ampareen said that what she said earlier was only from hearsay from people but today she was summoned to appear. SP of East Khasi Hills and Director of Health Services for clarification.
The parents have lodged a complaint at Patharkhmah Police Station and the police are conducting a thorough investigation to track down the robbers involved in the rape.
Speaking to reporters, KSU South West Khasi Hills District President Forwardman Nongrem said that according to the RTI reply, there are 51 Officiating Posts and 54 Casual Posts. Post and 7 Non-Sanction Posts, in various health centers in South West Khasi Hills District, where the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has appointed them without public announcement and without calling for interview. the rights of educated youth in the district.
He said that Mahadev Khola is outside the Umjasai River and the forest and it is very important to prevent the infiltration and construction of illegal structures to avoid polluting the river. or the forest.
The KSU does not want ethnic conflict but it cannot just watch when our fellow citizens are attacked from time to time.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, has promised to release their outstanding arrears of Rs 49 crore. amount.
On 26/2/2022 for the post of AB/BN Constable for 150 marks and the examination time will be from 9.00 pm to 10.00 pm.
This is the statement of Samla Forwardman Nongrem, President, KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
The Fit India Movement was inaugurated by Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma by walking from his residence in Polo to the Secretariat at a government meeting held at Yojana Bhawan. , Main Secretariat.
These projects related to education, roads, railways, infrastructure, hospitals and tourism have come with the commitment of Viksit Northeast, he added.
The celebration was held in collaboration with the Iooksi Center School Organization (ICSO), teachers and students of various schools in Iooksi Village.
These bikes left Mawsikar with the accompaniment of Assam police, as this area falls under the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
Modi said that Bah Brian became interested in this field after reading several books and first tried this field in 1964 when he was a school children," said the Prime Minister.
Shillong, Lber 12:After a complaint from the residents of the institute nearby, the students of the institute have disrespected the residents by playing music and shouting all night which has disturbed especially the students who there are different examinations.
The special focus is to address backwardness, reduce distances, participate in employability development, and create more opportunities for young people.
Biam said the committee also includes the MLA of Mawlai, Bah Process T Sawkmie who attended the meeting, the MDC who did not attend the meeting because he was not strong. The Mawlai Town Dorbar and government offices involved in this project were also present.
–: means a message that writes a story that is slow and not too difficult or urgent to spread.
Shillong, June 02: The JSU has written to the Chief Minister and the Commissioner of District Council Affairs (JSU) to look into the issue of the JHADC employees to help release their salaries. JHADC employees including MDCs who have at least 1700 employees have lost their salaries for more than 6 months from October 2019 to March
Speaking to media, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the reminder to the Council was on the KSU's opposition to the mining of uranium. Certificate to the Armed Forces of the Government of India and another reminder to the Council that it should not hesitate to grant permission to build a railway line while the Government of India has not implemented the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya.
There are 279 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 149 in West Jaintia Hills and 36 in West Jaintia Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to 71,120 so far. sun.
Dikki said he was involved in many thefts, robberies and extortion cases in Kherapara, Barengapara, Chokpot, Garobadha and other parts of Garo Hills.
Referring to the new office bearers of the KSU, the HNLC congratulated them, at the same time, he said that the HNLC does not oppose development projects such as the railway line but what is needed is to have The HNLC has said that the railway line will help in increasing the price of transportation. “The Prime Minister should speak but he should implement all these,” said Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw Publicity Secretary of the HNLC in a statement to the media.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister spoke about many other areas in which the government has done for the people.
The Minister said that in such a discussion there is a need to compare what has happened with what has happened now. u diengkot to judge and when speaking should respect each other to maintain the dignity of the House.
Other leaders who attended the function include Samla K. Suchiang, Publicity Secretary KSU JHDU, Samla Satly Ryngkhlem, Vice President Samla Satly Ryngkhlem, Samla Cherity Suja, General Secretary KSU JHDU and other leaders.
The Chief Minister said that to prevent climate change, we need the cooperation of all sectors and that is to preserve the environment and the most important thing is to plant trees to develop Meghalaya. The government has taken many measures to protect the environment.
The elected office bearers of the Siejiong party are Donbor Warjri, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Secretary John Shemphang Warjri and Sharina Warjri.
Mawsor said that other decisions taken by the party are that the party will not allow the mining of uranium in the state in any form. Uranium mining in Meghalaya will not be allowed.
The KSU Lapyngap also strongly condemns the CEM of JHADC for not taking any responsibility for the land.
According to the residents of the area, the bridge is supposed to accommodate trucks carrying only 9 metric tonnes, but today the bridge has collapsed while the truck was passing. north road.
The new worldview of the poet to bring and distribute the lights of the past, our ancestors, teaches us to preserve and maintain them from the language of the thylliej. , dress with dignity and manners, walk and stand, live righteously, work righteously and earn righteously, have a kind spirit and have a knowledge of others, especially to love and honor God.
“As I have joined the Sengbhalang groups, I have only one goal to fight for the sake of the country and our nation against the enemies from outside and inside the state.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The Syiem of Jirang Hima, Pa,im Hamberly Wahlang together with the officials of the Hima today explained that the handover of Nongwah-Mawtamur to the Hima Jirang was done by the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima. Shemphang Thabah and the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in a meeting with the media at Shillong Press Club.
However, he had a strong belief that India should not win the Kargil war.
The Seng said that not only the casinos are against our religion but especially against the morality, which as the State and the nation we value. until Katta.
The Chairman of the Foundation, Bah H.Bansiewdor Nonglang, in an interview with the Engineer of PWD (Raods) on Tuesday, said that the building belongs to the According to the discussions, there has been an agreement between the PWD, the Meghalaya Pollution Control Board, the Shillong Municipal Board and other departments.
At present, the relationship between India and Israel is very close and there is a plan to have an airline from Guwahati to Tel Aviv and to operate in the eastern region. I will set up an office in Assam.
This was announced by Reuben Najiar, Assistant General Secretary, KSU Laban Circle.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The three civil society organizations, FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF in their meeting today decided to launch a mass protest against the road. railway in these Khasi areas by holding public meetings across the Khasi Hills.
Speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan, Fernandes said the CoMSO's question to the Congress leaders was that they were in doubt about the support for the ILP demand in the state.
Shillong, Lber 08: The ARPA Leader Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit today won the election as the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) without any opposition. that Bah Pyn Syiem has withdrawn from the contest.
“Even the Division Bench of Chief Justice Sanjib Bannerjee and Justice W.Diengdoh in the order dated July 2, 2022 has rejected the facts that the Hima Sohrra has the authority to collect Therefore, the order of the Single Bench issued on 13th June, 2022 does not conflict with the temporary order,” said the Syiem of Sohra Hima in the petition.
In the past few months, the Assam police have raided the house of Shadalin Lyngdoh in Ri Bhoi.
The Meghalaya Chess Association in collaboration with the All India Chess Federation has organized a three-day seminar from 8-10th November as part of the training for the participants before the start of the tournament. The 1st Meghalaya International Open Grand Master Chess Tournament will be held at SAI, STC Indoor Sports Stadium at NEHU from 12th November 2023 to 20th November .
The citizens have faced many problems in terms of the timeline for depositing their own money as well as withdrawing money when they need it urgently or even just to update their Bank Passbooks. They also have to stand on the line for long periods of time.
The Committee shall submit its report to the Ministry within two months of the publication of this Notification and the Committee may enlist the assistance of experts in various fields to assist in this matter.
Regarding the Year of Farmers, the union urged the government to allocate more special funds for the agriculture sector.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The North Eastern Hill University today celebrated the 141st birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel.
When asked, Najiar said that the SDPO has explained that if it is found that these two men have nothing to do with this (incident) he will come forward to explain to the public that they have nothing to do with this.
“The presence of this unused land with the dead forest garbage shows pollution and is useless,” said Bah S Diengdoh to reporters.
At the same time, he said that the ban on coal mining has affected the income of the people and urged the government to provide training to the people so that they can earn a living by starting to work. to others.
The Prime Minister explained that in the first phase, 3 crore people, which is more than the population of about 100 countries in the world, have been vaccinated. got medicine.
They may be able to provide training to women's and fathers' self-help organizations so that they can act as assistants to child caregivers and to train caregivers to the several roles that they can play at home to enhance children’s understanding of various topics and build the child holistically.
Boldness L Nongum Secretary of the College explained the purpose of the meeting, Bah Lawanpynshngian War conducted the meeting and Aida War Vice Principal gave the welcome speech.
It is to be recalled that this campus was planned to be built in Moodymmai village, where the village donated the land in 2001-2002 and until 2011-12 it has not been able to build the campus. After this, the village of Wahiajer has donated this campus to NEHU. After this, the village of Wahiajer has decided to have this campus in the hills. Jaintia Hills District has donated 6.46 hectares of land to the village adjacent to the road from Wahiajer to Nartiang.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: U Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan today received the gifts of street children at Raj Bhavan during their visit to the Governor's residence today.
The construction of the railway line from Tetalia to Byrnihat will be completed in October
Replying, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government has allocated T.2700 crore for the education department and out of this, the salary of teachers alone is T.2200 crore. crore rupees.
The prize money for the men will be T.30,000 for the winner, T.20,000 for the second and T.10,000 for the third.
Now, women in Tamil Nadu have started cultivating seaweed, while those in Lakshdweep have started a fish farm.
In this meeting, the union also demanded that the government should not build the places where the transformers are installed. this is your light.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 23 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed positive in the state. There are 349 confirmed cases.
This was announced by the Director of Health Services, Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The All Meghalaya Program Workers Association (AMMPWA) today staged a three-day strike in front of the Malaria Office in Law Mali. length.
You are from Ri Bhoi District.
Besides the leaders of FCRWM, there were also leaders of KJWA and MPHRC, said Bah Peter Rynjah chairman of the council.
The ECI will now count the votes on 2/6/2024 in both the states instead of 6/6/2 2024 in these two states.
In this regard, the party has made it clear that if all the charges against them are not forgiven or if they don't explain the reasons for the shooting, they will not come to take part in the peace talks. Teimiki Laloo has been appointed as the head of the party to conduct the peace talks.
The State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) under the leadership of Commandant PH Khongsngi and 2nd in-Command Bah B.Sahkhar immediately rushed to the scene. .
“Due to the incidents around Shillong which have led to the disruption of peace and order especially at night and such incidents can disturb, endanger the lives of passengers and people, therefore, “It is necessary to take measures to protect the lives of the people and to maintain peace and order in the city,” said the District Magistrate, Kong RM Kurbah.
However, throughout time dictators have misused the Holy Scriptures to justify their crimes or violent rule.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: Seven households who have been demolished by MUDA in Mawlong-Mawtari and Umsawli villages, today turned to the office of the SP of East Khasi Hill to hold a protest. to express their protest against the attack by the law enforcement agencies on the residents of the village by locking up their houses without allowing them to speak.
All these participants have trained themselves at various ICTC's.
Shillong, Lber 03: U Dishardaki Lapasam, General Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Guwahati, on Tuesday urged all the students in Guwahati to be vigilant especially at night. .
However, until now, no signs have been seen of the siej but last year it was reported that the siej was cut by the siej but these siej were also cut by the siej. the flood is great today.
The injured in various places were transported by 108 vehicles to various hospitals.
Sumar Sing Sawain wrote for the Press Trust of India (PTI) and remained in this position until his retirement. Apphira has also written for AIR, Dordarshan and others.
From Meghalaya too, many non-natives have had to return to their home states.
He said that so far there are 22 languages ​​included in the Sixth Schedule, the Khasi language should hold the 23rd position in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
It is pleasing that the Chairman, Secretary and two other members came to meet and in the meeting they spoke clearly and that they will meet again on the 25th of this month to discuss and do so. The next meeting will be able to clarify the decision regarding the allocation of land.
Shillong, June 19: To spread the message of peace in the conflict-affected states and also in the states where there is a lot of violence, a group of bike riders from North East Student Volunteers (NSV) Jorhat on Tuesday, was held in Shillong as part of the peace campaign.
The scheme aims to provide shelter, food and daily necessities, safe transportation to court and legal assistance to girls under the age of those who have been rejected by their families because of illness, rape or any other reason and who do not have the means to support themselves.
“The laws passed now will strengthen the future of India,” Prime Minister Narendra Modi said.
In his speech, AJYWO President MH Dkhar said that this Act does not mention the powers of the Head of State and the government is silent in this regard.
Het Pohthmi MDC and S.Khlur Mukhim were also elected as the party's leaders.
In the Executive Committee meeting held at the Community Hall, Khliehriat West, the Union has given only two months to the State Government to repair these two roads which are the source of traffic for the people of Jaintia Hills. .
Leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur under the leadership of Ma Deolangki Dkhar, Waheh Shnong, in the past few days, along with the petition, have met with the authorities of GR Infra Projects Ltd. .
This is being translated into the Jan Andolan, where small local reforms have brought benefits to the country as a whole.
In South Tura, Conrad K Sangma of the NPP, Charlotte W Momin of the Congress and two independent members, John Leslee K. Sangma and Chris Kabul A Sangma.
Jowai, Nailur 03 : The Annual Fresher's Meet 2016 was held at Kiang Nangbah College College today in the presence of Ma Madonbai Rymbai. Ex CEM JHADC, Bah Phyrnailang Swer, President of NEHU Students Union, President of NEHU Students Union, Tyrchianmiter Lipon, President of KSU, Bah Phyrnailang Swer, President of Khasi-Jaintia Hills, JHDU Ohibait Dkhar, Finance Secretary KSU, JHDU Nangaibormi Sutnga, Project Manager of Rural Development, Samla Franky Joushwa Lyngdoh, and other leaders of our Khasi Jaintia Hills.
She said Indigenous practices can provide examples of the close relationship between people and nature.
He said that Swami Pranavananda, the founder of the group 100 years ago, spoke for the rights of the people and founded the group to work for this goal.
Meghalaya is divided into Khasi-Jaintia State and Garoland. According to the 2011 census, Meghalaya has a total area of ​​18,63,3
The police operation to liberate and annex Hyderabad began on 13th November and ended on 17th November,
The earthquake was reported to have occurred in Lumpyngad, Lumparing, Shillong and the flooding in Wah Umkhrah.
Alfondbirth Kharsyntiew General Secretary of the HFU said that the HFU will not rest, but will continue to fight until the illegal kilo cutting of jhur is eliminated. who sell in Iewduh and other markets in the state.
Nongstoiñ Block has also been severely affected by the cold and storm in which 52 houses have been damaged and 250 people have been affected.
The committee, headed by the Secretary of Urban Affairs, Renette C. Sohkhlet, will include members of the three Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) and various departments of the State Government.
It is to be recalled that in many Hima/Elaka according to the customs and traditions of the Khasi, the Kurs elect and propose who should be the Syiem and later confirmed by the Bakhraw and after this brought before the Dorbar Hima. confirm.
They also said that they will examine the work of the Asha and after that they will be able to increase and how much they can increase.
“Even after the people and civil society organizations have destroyed the building, they (companies) have held a public hearing inside the Community Hall of the company. and the police shot and tied the crowd outside without allowing the protesters to enter the rally.
The Committee may also add any members to participate in meetings of the Committee if it deems necessary.
On the other hand, the Minister informed the House that the government is willing to set up SE offices in all districts of the state in order to speed up the work.
The Federation of Khasi States (FKS) has decided to meet with the Union Minister of Home Affairs (FKS) to urge the Government of India to fulfill these promises as made with the Government of India. Khasi States, under the provisions of the Constitution of India.
He said that it was through the help of his wife that he escaped from the traps of losing his life.
“We have already submitted the petition to the Minister and the Government has its own responsibilities on what it should do,” said Samla Biam.
The tree seedlings were provided by the Forest Department.
In his speech, Myntri Rangbah Duh congratulated those who received their appointment letters today.
The time has come for this area to get a block.
“The parishioners are requested to be clean and throw away their garbage in the bins and garbage cans prepared at the parking lots,” said the Chief Executive Member (CEM). Executive Member I/C Taxation Bah Joseph Fantin Lakadong, KHADC Enforcement Police, East Khasi Hills Administration and from Sohra Civil Sub Division, they went to Majai village to raid the shops of foreigners who trade without a Trading License from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly was the chief guest in the presence of the BDO of Mairang C&RD Block, Bah V. Swer, employees of various government departments, Sordars of the area, religious leaders and others were present.
At the same time, the Minister said that there is a complaint here and there and if there is a complaint, MeECL sends people to look into and fix it. for example.
Referring to the Them Metor, the Chief Minister said that if for 50 years no one is willing to touch the area, the government now wants to resolve this issue through dialogue and understanding. Regarding the rules, the Prime Minister said that the talks will continue, there is no problem to demand, but the government will just comply and have to look into the welfare from all sides.
It is reported that the death of the fish is more surprising because of the smell of the dead fish.
The President of the VPP said that the party has so far fielded candidates in 16 constituencies and the party wants to bring about change for the people. the candidates of the party.
Shillong, Iaiong 20: Four UDP MDCs who have given their support to the EC of the PDF led by Bah PN Syiem today sent a letter of support to the EC of the People's Democratic Party (PDP) in KHADC. The Leader of the Parliamentary Party of the UDP in the KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, told the SP News Agency today morning sent a letter to the party urging the party to reconsider the decision of the CEC to withdraw its support to the EC of Bah PN Syiem in KHADC. “I have sent a letter to the party to urge the party to reconsider the decision of the CEC if possible,” said Teinwell.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Robert said it is a great shame for Meghalaya that the police from Assam have come to investigate the incident in Meghalaya. This is an insult to this state.
The child was taken away by the police and is undergoing treatment.
He said the MLA MDC has been a government minister and CEM of KHADC and has had the leadership of the people in these 42 years. He was born in 1978-7
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: In fact, I don't want to publish any political article, but as a person who has held the post of CEM twice in KHADC, I can't help but publish this article. When I read the speech of the Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya which was published in Nongsain Hima today (November 28, 2019) – “"
The FKJGP Sengkmie is pleased to announce that the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding between the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) under the leadership of Bah HS Shylla as CEM at that time and R.K. Gupta, Chairman & Managing Director UCIL on 12 January 2006 and also the issuance of the No Objection Certificate on 14 February 2007 is against the will of the people.
He said don't feel that you are low paid because your preservation of your own culture is like a market in India, without you India would be without customs. On this occasion, Tarun Vijay also donated 1000 tyngka to the Khasi Seng to purchase computers for the school.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, also announced that elections have been held for the three committees of the Legislative Assembly. Thomas Pyngrope will be the Chairman of the Estimate Committee and Brening A Sangma will be the Chairman of the Public Undertaking Committee.
However, the Congress party will not send these changes.
If this continues , it will surely lead to the collapse of this bridge at any time and it will be a great loss to the residents who travel to Saipung block , the sick , the market goers ,  etc.
Shillong, Lber 12: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided to set a price for the registration of mining leases from the government.
The fiesta was organized by the NorthEast Students' Organization, Jalandhar (NESOJ) in collaboration with MBD Neopolis, Jalandhar.
The Dorbar Shnong Tuberkmaishnong appeals to all the residents of the village to come forward to help the family of Kong Ribiang Phawa who has been affected by this fire.
He urged those who have any intention to return to the Congress to welcome them back.
In his speech, Bah Lapang explained in detail the situation of this great country of India and recalled the developments during the time when it was shot dead. My body will strengthen India".
One of the leaders of the Khasi Jaintia Fish Wholesalers and Retailers Association, Bah CW Wankhar, in an interview with the media, said that the officers of the Fisheries Department have informed that they will issue the report of the test later. to the traders and traders who buy fish from outside the state will take the necessary action once they have received the guidelines from this department.
On the other hand, Bah Pynshngaiñ Syiem urged the drivers of this vehicle to use it properly according to the needs and not to misuse it or for the personal benefit of anyone. The keys of the truck were handed over to the driver of the truck.
Shillong, June 01: 91.1 Mirchi, one of the leading radio stations in India, has celebrated its fourth anniversary in Shillong.
Three cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District and one case in Ri Bhoi District.
The question now is what will be the power of the District Councils to hear cases related to indigenous peoples in the indigenous areas? Non tribal or one of the cases is Non Tribal and those special courts like Special Judges Pocso, NDPS, UAPA etc. The Judicial Government is no longer appointed to the Judicial District Council and the Judicial District Council can no longer hear criminal cases.
At the time of the petrol bomb blast, the people were sleeping and this sudden noise shocked the people of Upper Mawprem.
Therefore, the union today urged the DHS to appoint a full time DMHO immediately so that it can provide assistance to the people of the area who need assistance from this office. may take action to expedite and do whatever is necessary for the relief of the people in need.
lake and marine fisheries activities, livestock activities including dairy activities, dairy products, poultry and other livestock, greenhouses, coffee and the trees of the field.
Meanwhile, in Nongpoh, Nongkrem and Mawkyrwat, the UDP is still waiting for the MLAs of these constituencies to resign before joining the party.
On the Umtrai road, the Minister in charge of PWD last year sent an engineer and an estimate has been made but nothing has been done yet.
The amount of money is Rs22950/mo.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Kmen Myrshiang, General Secretary of CCIB, after meeting with the CEM of KHADC, said that the CEM said that the CEM will call for a meeting on this issue. The meeting with the land owners to discuss this issue and the Council will not act immediately.
Speaking on the occasion, Sanjay Goyal said that this house will be a witness to the Government's commitment to improve the skills of the youth.
The state has opened the door for people coming to the state to register before arriving.
In this incident, a child who was only 10 years old and 6 months old died.
After discussions with the Central Government and the State Government, the Central Government has informed that those students who failed to write the examination due to being outside Meghalaya according to the and the NTA will be allowed to write the examination.
The Election Commission has directed that all those who have contested the election if they have any illegal activities, they must inform the media at least in three newspapers, three newspapers. news such as TV or digital media.
The meeting was held at Photkylla at the headquarters of the Horticulture Department in Ranikor.
As the ownership is only for the land above, while in Meghalaya the ownership is for the land for those who are in it and those who are under the ground and this is based on the laws. of the customs and traditions that have been followed since ancient times.
During the meeting, the Minister expressed his satisfaction to be able to discuss this issue, and promised to take action on this issue to see how to implement the This Block, he said that he will look into this matter.
The Chief Executive Member of the HYC-CEC, Samla Rangbah Roy Kupar Synrem, President HYC-CEC in the presence of other leaders of the HYC-CEC including Francis G. Mawlong, Vice President, HYC-CEC; Isaac Basaiawmoit, Secretary, HYC-CEC and other members of the Central Executive Council.
However, he said that due to the lack of adequate training, the search for talented youth has been slow.
Nomination forms can be obtained from Garland Manar (Office Secretary, KSU JHDU) from 26th June 2018 between 10 am and 04 pm.
The illegality of the introduction of Article 370 on 5th August 2019 and how it violates the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement of the Khasi States.
Police have seized a vehicle number AS-01-FH-1303, a bike number AS-18-H-3 Police are conducting investigation to track down those involved in the smuggling.
He cries, remembering the suffering of teachers, especially his parents, who are teachers.
The union has donated money to the mother of these children and the union has also sent its condolences to the families of the victims and the union has said that it will continue to provide more. If you still need any help, please send your sympathy to this family.
Bah Dkhar MLA, Parliamentary Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, for his hard work day and night, as the Chief Executive Officer of the area in collaboration with the two Dorbar Shnongs, namely, DS Wapungskur and DS Wapungshnong, who was willing to provide land to the state government for this purpose, has impressed the people of Wapung area with his inability to bring the C&RD Block in the area.
Shillong, March 01: The registration of nomination papers for the mid-term MLA elections will be held at the residence of Bah R. Hynniewtap, Returning Officer for the 13th Mawryngkeng (ST) Assembly Constituency. MCS meeting at the DRDA hall at the DC office.
The schools at Laitumkhrah Shillong and Khanapara have been closed down by the state police.
New Delhi, Jymmang 16: The COVID Working Group led by Dr NK Arora has recommended to extend the interval between the two doses of Covishield to 12-16 months.
The train from Gujarat will leave on the 15th and arrive in Guwahati on the 17th of this month with a total capacity of 225 passengers. The train from Bangalore will leave on the 16th of this month. in Guwahati on the 18th of this month and a total of 1500 people.
Crossref K.Kharai, Genl.
After the flag raising ceremony, Sports Minister Zenith Sangma said that this is only the beginning and the government wants to allow the youth to take part in the upcoming events.
In another development, the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, on Twitter, said that all those from Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills have reached the quarantine facilities. The Minister congratulated the Doctors, Nurses and Health Workers for their hard work at this time.
The Government has issued announcements regarding the Christmas and New Year celebrations and the Government has issued many rules and regulations which the people have to follow during the celebration.
New Delhi, July 10: The President of India, on the advice of the Prime Minister, has directed to dissolve the portfolios among these members of the Union Cabinet.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has reported 260 recoveries, 128 from East Khasi Hills District and 45 from Ri Bhoi. The number of cases is 71919.
In this regard, LYWA urges the government to immediately stop the arrest and search of KSU members and to immediately release the arrested members and to immediately stop the implementation of the The railway line at Byrnihat has not been resolved by mutual understanding between the political parties, the government and the people.
Shillong, March 29: The President of the Shillong All Faith Forum (SAFF) today said that there is no such insult to religion in Meghalaya as alleged on social media. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The All Meghalaya Labor Association (ALU) today confirmed its office bearers at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw.
Their demand for the temporary dismissal of the three policemen is to get a fair trial because if they are still in power how can they be investigated in connection with the shooting of Bah Cheris.
His family members today took him out of Woodland Hospital Shillong and took him to Guwahati for treatment.
He said that democracy is not only a way of working in India but also a right, a way of thinking and a tradition.
This is the first meeting of all the PSCs of the country in Shillong and the standing committee consists of five members.
He said that in contrast to the previous approach, he believes that the border villages are the 'first villages' and the Vibrant Village Program reflects this approach.
Tnat Chemicals and Fertilizers.
"“At the height of the protest, what the Prime Minister has done, he has called a meeting and he has to agree to look again because in his opinion, this is the only way and I think it touched him on one side and it touched him on this side," he said.
Miss Meghalaya is the first event to open the door for young girls to participate in the Miss Universe India pageant.
Participants in the discussion welcomed the move to the Quality Control Order for IS 19000:2022 and agreed that the task of correcting misleading online reviews is an important task to protect consumers from online platforms and that this should be closely monitored.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Government of Meghalaya today announced the appointment of former Director General of Police R. Chandranathan as the Security Adviser of the Government of Meghalaya.
Dr. RN Chatterjee, Director, ICAR-DPR, Hyderabad was the chief guest. Dr. K. Kharmihpen, Joint Director, Department of Veterinary and Animal Husbandry, Government of Meghalaya; Dr. N. Prakash, Director, ICAR-RC for the NEH Region; Dr. SV Ngachan, former Director of ICAR RC for NEH Region; Dr. KK Baruah, Head of Livestock Division, ICAR for NEH Region; Dr.Sunil Doley, PI, Poultry Seed Project; Dr.M.Niranjan, Co-PI, Poultry Seed Project; Dr. Niranjan Kalita, Head, Poultry Science Department, A.A.U., Khanapara; Dr.U.Rajkumar, Principal Scientist and charge PSP, DPR, Hyderabad and representatives from the state  Veterinary and A.H.Department, Meghalaya.
We have discussed all the issues and now we are ready to welcome and hold a successful G20 summit,” said Preston Tynsong. 120 officials from all over the G20 countries will attend the summit at the Marriott Hotel and the summit will be held at the same venue. .
He said this while referring to the urgent introduction of the Prevention of Disqualification (Amendment) Act, 2015 by the State Government. aiming to end his political career.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: Sixteen candidates have filed their nomination papers for the MLA election to the Legislative Assembly to be held on the 27th of this month.
It was through this Treaty that the people of Nepal were able to enter India and become citizens, as stated in Articles 6 and 7 of the Social Security Agreement.
During the inspection, the officers of the department besides discussing ways to improve the quality of health services, they also discussed how to better implement the First Referral Units, CM-SMS, MOTHER App, MHIS and how to improve the quality of health services. and to improve PHCs, CHCs and others.
Meanwhile, the ACHR urges the UN Secretary-General to direct the Central Government to amend Article 197 of the CrPC and Article 6 of the Armed Forces Special Act. which is known as the law of righteousness.
These amendments will be tabled in the Budget Session to be held on the 20th of this month in the House.
As it is now, from time to time there are rumors and rumors that bring evil thoughts among the people, this superstition has brought many evils as has happened in these days and years in the past, such as Laitkyrhong, Mawlai, Mawbsein, Sohra, Joiram, Wahlyngkhat, Lampluh and the recent incident at Mawsynram.
I will be in touch with you through meetings, my website, WhatsApp and YouTube channel (@lakhonkma) and other social media platforms available in the 'contact me' section of the website.
The President of HITO admitted that it has found that there are high level smugglers of coal.
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, the distribution of rotin home quarantine to the Rangbah Shnongs of the villages has to follow the rules and regulations. who came home.
On the other hand, Dr. RS Thangkhiew, Dr. P Nongbet and other staff welcomed the guests.
The RBYWO urges the Minister in charge of Rural Development to look into this demand of the RBYWO because of the unemployment of the people of Umsning. Elvis Kyrsian Vice President and Keny Nongrum Secretary.
What surprised the foreign traders is that the distance between the weighbridge from Amsarin to the weighbridge at Sohkha is only half a kilometer and from Amsarin to Tamabil is 9 km.
The day started with Dhanvantari puja at 8:30a.
“The government alone cannot do it, but it needs the cooperation of the people to achieve it”.
The Minister said the price was approved after thorough discussion with the leaders of the political parties, who attended the meeting.
Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergolio of Argentina, after being elected as the 266th Holy Father, has taken the name Francis, the second time in the same period that the cardinal has not been elected. it was from Europe that he rose to this position.
At the same time, the FKS feels that there is still a need for more measures to be taken as part of the protection of the people of Meghalaya, as this is a threat that has spread throughout the country. world.
Former Ranikor MLA Martin M Danggo is still receiving the support of the people despite leaving the NPP party to support the mid-term MDC elections. the Congress.
Of course we do not say that as citizens of a democratic country we have the right to express our dissatisfaction with any issue or policy of the Government or the announcement of Government officials or the actions of the Leaders. public.
New Delhi, July 21: Shillong, the capital of Meghalaya, has been selected as one of the 100 Smart Cities in India.
Shillong, March 09: The CoMSO has reminded the Meghalaya government that by October the government should introduce a law like ILP in Meghalaya. The Meghalaya Residential Safety and Security Act (MPSA) is expected to do what it has promised to do.
Shillong, July 07: Mawlai Police have recovered the body of an elderly man from Gate Rim Mawlai.
Shillong, July 19: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 514 people have tested positive for COVID-19 and 4743 people are still in critical condition.
This request is from 2002, 2012, 2014, 2015 and 2016 respectively.
He also stood firm in support of the independence movement of Bangladesh.
To achieve a stable and stable governance especially when there are still important issues related to the amendment of the Sixth Scheduled and in relation to the Acts and Rules of the 53 Hima/Elaka that have yet to be completed, to ensure and protect the rights of the country and the nation.
The construction of these gas pipelines in the North East of India will be 1656 km to connect all the states. The Central Government has allocated T.5,559 crore.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The State Funeral of Dr Donkupar Roy, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, will be held tomorrow morning. in the Square, in Sohra.
Also, loss of life of security forces and individuals decreased by 90% and 97% respectively during this period.
The union feels that this is an obstacle to many of the people who use the internet properly for their jobs, education.
Mitti and paddy were collected from more than 6 lakh villages in rural areas and wards in urban areas across the country.
Shillong, July 26: As usual every year, the HNLC, which has been illegally recognized by the central government, has called a curfew on this day.
After receiving the reports from the Regional Committees, the Chief Ministers of the two states will meet on or before 15th July to take a final decision on the border demarcation issue. 6 places that have a common view.
The Minister said that the government has encouraged the production of soybean seeds from the state. “This is one of the ways to produce good indigenous seeds,” said the Minister in charge of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
Shillong, K.Lyngkot 27: Ka Kong Banrilang Pyngrope has announced that she will hold a nomination paper on Saturday to express to the government to bring about equal employment opportunities among the three ethnic groups, Khasi Jaintia. bad Garo.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: U Bah John Phrangsngi, Officers from various Houses of Parliament of the North Eastern Region who attended the meeting of the Executive Committee of the CPA. Suiemiong, former secretary of Umiam village, said that he has already lodged a complaint with the KHADC regarding the registration of two non-Khasi candidates for the election of Rangbah Shnong.
Besides the President, the party also renewed its office bearers, appointing Bah Bindo M Lanong as the Chief Secretary and two other Secretaries, Bah RA Lyngdoh and BG Momin.
He received the title of Sardar after leading the no-tax campaign in Bardoli, Gujarat.
Referring to another candidate nominated by the Congress , Huj Kujjur said that the Congress will win even if the AIUDF nominates a candidate for the Raja Sabha MP seat. you don't have to worry, but you'll win easily.
The government is now considering how to prevent the spread of the disease in government workplaces.
He said the main goal of the Government is to protect the lives of everyone.
“This unexpected incident has shocked every resident and those people who were involved in the murder of Josbina, are just border guards who don't respect even human rights and Expressing its concern over the government's inability to maintain peace and order in Garo Hills, the MPHRC stressed that this shows that The increase in bloodshed committed by the rebel groups will encourage more and more violations of human rights and it is the duty of the government to take responsibility to ensure that they These people should be given adequate protection so that there will be peace and order in the state.
On this occasion, student organizations from all over the states of the North East have come to this place to express their opposition to the people of this region against the central government's desire to bring about change. in the Indian Citizenship Act to allow minorities from Afghanistan, Pakistan and Bangladesh to immigrate to India.
The principal of the school announced the postponement in a statement today.
Along with these, the team of journalists will talk to the beneficiaries of various Central Government schemes in Odisha during their visits to various venues of the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra.
However, as the sellers, buyers, drug dealers and drug dealers have the same rights in the market as written or directed by the authorities of the market.
SSSS, SWKHD today visited Ngunraw Upper Primary and Secondary School, a village near the District Head Quarter where the road is very bad.
Shillong, March 17: The BJP Meghalaya State Unit today announced its MDC candidates for the mid-term MDC elections to be held on November 13,
Speaking to reporters, he said that two Assistant General Secretaries, Wyrwan Sohtun, Louis Dohtdong, two Vice Presidents, Kyllang S Thongni and Nelson Kharbani were also elected. .
According to the DHS, all students must submit a Permanent Resident Certificate to prove that they are Meghalayans, but it was found that some of these 8 students did not submit their PRC but but the Provisional PRC is valid for only 3 or 6 or 12 months.
Answering a supplementary question, the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, said that these illegal factories have been filed in the District Court and after receiving the decision of the court, the court will take action. which is not according to the law.
Shillong, July 6: Students of North Eastern Hill University, non-teachers have donated 35 relief items to the Mawkynroh Dorbar Shnong, Mawlai, Shillong. -19.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of these competitions.
He was rushed to Shillong Civil Hospital but later died.
Jowai, Nailur 01: The Borghat-Jaliakhola Aquatic Life Welfare Association (BJALWA), one of the organizations in Jaintia Hills, said in a statement. Dawlupaia Khyriem Publicity Secretary of the party said that the party has banned any public to blow up bombs as well as to kill fish especially those residents who live near the rivers. These include the Tisang, Prang, Thwei Pyrkhung and small rivers in Kwator, Pasadwar, Kharkhana, Borghat, Jaliakhola and others.
The winner of Miss Universe Meghalaya 2024 will wear the title of Miss Universe Meghalaya and will qualify for the Miss Universe India 2024 contest.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today sent a letter to the Secretary to the Union Government in charge of Forest and Environment to protest against the Union Government's request to amend the EIA. only a few days for public comment.
On the other hand, the Minister said that at the same time, the environment should be protected.
What is more sad is that even at the age of 49 years, the border has not been violenced by the foreigners on the border from time to time. It is the sting of the Government of Meghalaya, Assam and the Central Government.
The incident happened at Tibapara village in Chulgre.
Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District A. Baranwal IAS has been transferred and appointed as DC of Ri Bhoi District and DC of South Garo Hills District S. Awasthi IAS has been transferred and appointed as DC of Ri Bhoi District. .
Speaking to reporters on the decisions of the Cabinet meeting today, he said that the government has not increased the taxi fare. this year
All these incidents are flesh and blood, but why don't we take action, why only take action on the incident in Sohshrieh, according to a statement sent by the KSU Jaintia Hills District.
The death toll of security forces members fell by 71 per cent from 458 to 132, while the death toll of civilians fell by 86 per cent.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: A meeting of the Union of Rangbah Kur of Hynniewtrep (SRKBH) was held today at the Dorbar Hall of Mission Village.
The owners of the Banalari World Car had no knowledge that the vehicle had been stolen from the parking lot. The incident occurred until the police informed them.
Police have recovered two mobile phones, T.2500 cash and a Tata Winger NL-07-T-0
West Garo Hills 12, Ri Bhoi 6, East Jaintia Hills 1, West Jaintia Hills
It aims to address issues related to food insecurity affecting children, young women, pregnant women and lactating mothers through a shift from the type of food served and the delivery of these and also by bringing a holistic approach to promoting lifestyles that promote good health and immunity.
Nongkrem falls under two blocks, Mawryngkneng and Mylliem.
Shillong, March 26: The 5Km Shillong City Run today was held to mark Vigilance Awareness Week
Three cases of the disease have been confirmed in the state and three of them are in hospital for treatment.
Another way to reduce emissions is to locate industries that produce goods or materials that we use in our daily lives in less populated areas.
Shillong, November 19: A CRPF Constable has been arrested at 5.10 pm today.
Speaking at the 25th Anniversary of Nongtalang Mission, Tynsong said the government wants to provide street lights to the villagers in the villages on the border with Bangladesh.
Shillong, July 17: The Farmers' Union of Ri Bhoi District under the Lama Synroplang, today lodged a complaint with the CEM of KHADC that the Raid Sohkhwai and the Hima Mylliem have ordered the farmers to that they renew their farms every three years at the Raid office.
The participation of private entities in exploration will lead to the advancement of technology, financial services and expertise to explore valuable and challenging mineral resources.
Four persons , Phisar Nongrum , three members of the same family , Benti Riahtam , her husband Kynmaw Syngai and her son , were killed in the incident bah Richmond Lumlang.
On the other hand, the Seng H.P.S.0 expresses its deepest condolences to the family of 10 Seng Bhalang who have suffered greatly during these days of protest on this issue. ILP.Because when you go to transport ambulances, you are also attacked by enemies, robbers, you can't talk to private or local people even when you show your signals. it is not profitable.
Major Henry, Security Manager of SBI, Meghalaya promised to provide as much as possible for the demands of the people of SBI. region.
The department has taken the assistance of the Food & Nutrition Board Laboratory from Kolkata to check whether the food items delivered to the department are suitable for distribution to the children. The certificate of completion will be distributed by the department.
He said that at present no ticket has been applied for by any party because the ticket is not important.
Speaking at the meeting, Abu Taher Mondal said, “This partnership will achieve the goal we have set, which is about saving electricity and protecting the environment.
The Government will release the remaining 22.5% of the arrears for the 2020-2021 fiscal year, depending on the availability of funds, said the Chief Minister. Try.
The three arrested were identified as Paul Andrew Lakiang of Mawkyrwat, Michael Wanniang of Marshillong and Ricky Paul Snaitang of Nonglang.
The Office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has sent personnel from Mawkynrew Block to deliver relief goods to all the households affected by the natural disaster.
He said that 31 awards came from the players who participated for the first time and this shows the increase in the enthusiasm of the youth.
Speaking to media after the meeting, RDA Chairman Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said, “We have started discussions on the MP and MDC elections. decided to contest MP and MDC elections (like the RDA).
On the other hand, Bah Highlander said that his joining the PDF was in agreement with his leaders and supporters who used to be in the UDP and who supported the decision of Dr Donkupar Roy. He said that he has decided to allow the HSPDP from this constituency after the alliance between the UDP and HSPDP for the 2018 MLA election.
The Chief Minister's Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the number of vaccinated persons in the state has reached 49%. yet.
On the other hand, the Working President said that the contest for the MLA election in 2018 is not with the ethnic parties but with the BJP party. with the BJP in the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA).
In the afternoon, a Holy Mass was celebrated at the ground floor of the Cathedral and the Mass was conducted by the Apostolic Nuncio to India Rev. Leopoldo Girelli in the presence of Rev. Leopoldo Girelli. Rev. Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, Rev. Bishop Ferdinand Dkhar, Rev. Wilbert Marwein and Rev. Joachim Walder, in the presence of the priests.
In connection with this incident, the police have not yet been able to provide any information whether there were any injured people from the GNLA. Police are conducting a search operation. these people to catch them.
Shillong, Naitung 19: U Bah John F Kharshiing today wrote a letter to all the 15 MDCs of Mylliem Hima to explain the Mylliem Act.
Explaining the purpose of the resolution, Bah HS Shylla said that as a nation, we should not forget our own heritage.
Jowai Police have seized 3 grams of Herion from Bah Bringo.
Senior BSF officers and Jawans delivered speeches against drugs and communal violence.
The Chief Minister of Assam, Dr. Himanta Biswa Sarma, said that he is grateful to the Speaker of the Lok Sabha for opening the door to hold this meeting in Assam which is also the first time to hold this meeting in the country. India.
Shillong, Nailur 04: U Bah Lamki Kyndiah, one of the members of the Sein Jaintia Hills District, who lives in Paltan Bazar, has raised a question regarding the demolition and reconstruction of the Sein Jaintia Hall. in Qualapaty without the knowledge of many churches.
Speaking to media, MSSASA President Bah Aristotle Rymbai said, “According to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the Cabinet on 9th November proposed to set up a State Education Commission headed by MSSASA. Chief  Secretary.
Heralal Samaria, Chief Information Commissioner, CIC; H.Nongpluh, State Chief Information Commissioner, Meghalaya; Atul Sobti Director General, SCOPE and officials from the Government of Meghalaya, Government of India and PSEs. More than 80 members from 34 PSEs attended the event. He said the purpose of the Right to Information Act is to bring transparency and accountability in governance.
During the meeting, the GOC discussed many issues with the Governor especially on the peace and stability in Meghalaya.
“We suggest that this is illegal and we should say that this should be abolished and that the reservation for other STs and SCs of the state should be 3% for other STs and 2% for SCs. instead of the combined 5% reservation,” said the party.
We have not arrested anyone involved in this incident as the vendors fled the scene after receiving information about the police raid,” he said.
“He also questioned how this ethnic conflict in Manipur has reached this point.
He said he hopes that the Civil Sub-Division will achieve the goals of the people according to their expectations.
However, the BSF should not interfere with the boundary between the Police and the District Administration but otherwise there is no point for the Police to have Police Station in the border villages if their work is done by He said that in 2018, the BSF troops tried to set up a camp in Rangthong area which is about 40 kilometers from the border.
The SP said that police have investigated with the Bharat Petroleum Transport Office and found that the vehicle did not carry diesel from the factory and did not have any records. inside their office and this has upset the police.
Secretary- Samla Friday Dkhar.
: The Sub Center at Umsih, Puksora, South West Khasi Hills District has been in dire straits after it was found that there is a water leak in the middle of the room. SubCentre.
The collapse of the well, the ground and the copper post to which the cable wires were attached fell in the middle of the road and completely blocked the road at Pyrda Nongskeh, Upper Shillong.
Yashonmati Thakur has been appointed as the state coordinator and Anil Thomas, Netta D. Sousa and others have been appointed as divisional coordinators. Susanto Borgohain.
Shillong, Naiutung 02: FASTOM leader Maybon Lyngdoh today said that he wants to see Ampareen Lyngdoh and Jemini Mawthoh, both teachers who have turned politicians, to leave the country. visit them in the place where they are working.
The Sports Department of the State Government has proceeded to reach an agreement with the sports teams in the state in preparation for the National Games.
Experts who were invited to speak on Thomas Jones included Pastor PL Kadew and Lyngdoh Ioannis War Pakma who gave speeches on the topics assigned to be spoken on the occasion.
On receiving this information, police under the leadership of Bah B Jyrwa DSP City rushed to the scene.
The restored classics section will feature seven films that premiered in the world after being restored by the NFDC-NFAI under the National Film Heritage Mission (NFHM) from celluloid reels of these films. not old in India.
During these three days, there were ceremonies and customs and traditions from all over the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
In his speech, Bah Lambor MLA of this area urged the people to come forward to take the medical treatment that the government has provided for the people. Special thanks to the Block Office for conducting this treatment.
He also criticized how only one doctor can serve tens of thousands of people and besides that she has to look after all the needs of the hospital which has created a lot of problems for the hospital. Doctors and especially the public.
Shillong, Nailar 01: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today held a meeting.
The FKJGP said that the final decision whether to give the injection or not is up to the parents of the children.
“The AJYWO Sengkmie therefore demands from the government and the department in charge of this road to repair it immediately for the benefit of the people otherwise, the AJYWO Sengkmie will not be able to “We have taken another tough road in the next few days to force the government to repair this road,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
The share of scarce minerals in the total production of natural resources is very low in the country and for these products there is dependence on exports.
In the age group of 12 to 16 years, Ashmita Dey of Oakland, Shillong came second, Rajdeep Bardhan of Nongmensong, Shillong came second and Doralyne came third. Lyngdoh of Wahingdoh and Anived Dey of Oakland, Shillong.
In this regard, the government will also provide assistance to factories under the North East Industrial Police (NEIP) in the next 40 years. Meghalaya Rs 600/- crore.
The owners who receive this assistance do not have to pay only Rs 591 to purchase the additional gas at the beginning.
There are some old people who say that during the reign of Syiem Sati Raja, there was still a khla in the forest that could be seen by the public as a ryngkew basa during the religious ceremonies of the Raij Mawbuh.
Shillong, Lber 12: The Government of India has decided to fully implement the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAA).
Fellow citizens, Our celebrations are important in looking at the past and the future.
This shows poor calculation and insensitive response to the concerns of citizens.
Regarding the ILP, the government has done its duty and now they will meet with the central government to discuss after Christmas.
All the people who wish to get more information regarding the implementation of the MGNREGA scheme in Mawthadraisha Block are requested to attend these meetings.
In this regard, the District Council has already passed the bill to amend the Trading by Non Tribal Act which the government has not yet approved. the state to get approval.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) led by its President RN Parien and Working President has met and submitted a petition to the DAO and the Deputy Commissioner demanding the release of compensation. fertilizer , seeds from rice and other seeds and other assistance according to the current era to prevent the farmers from facing the same problems as they faced last year The river will increase in the Jaintia Hills.
Sarkar's Muktiar PK Bora said it is surprising to learn that on the 11th of this month, his complaint lodged at the office of the ADM of Mawkyrwat MS Sangma. was gone from the office.
The Committee has sent its report on the Bill to the Executive Committee and after receiving the report it has considered it and now it has brought the Bill back to the House after making some amendments. in this Bill.
This letter is to express the insult and discrimination of the Laban Police and within the department especially towards the Khasi youth and also towards the members of the KSU. The incidents that happened on the 12th of 2024 on the shooting death of two foreign youths by unidentified persons.
Pradip Kumar, IPS, IG, BSF Meghalaya, briefed the Minister on the area under the jurisdiction of the BSF in the area.
In his speech, Dr LS Gassah said that the HSPDP party which has been in power since 1968 for the Khasi Jaintia state is still continuing and it is the only party that has brought the coffin to the Khasi Jaintia state. The opening ceremony of the Sub State of Meghalaya.
Safe places include homes, offices, market places inside strong buildings and vehicles with strong roofs and well-locked doors.
In this regard, the HYC from the beginning has said that it is wrong to resolve the border issue in the first phase, as it is the land of the Assamese. The Khasi Hills is located in the state of Assam.
He said that the ATMs in the state have been arranged in such a way that they can withdraw 2,000 tyngka and 5000 tyngka.
A book written by Dr. Milton Sangma, Pro-VC, NEHU and ICFAI, entitled “The Mongoloid Invasion of South Goalpara”, was also launched on the occasion. The book was entitled “Political Movement of Sonaram R. Sangma” written by Dr. Tharsush K. Sangma.
Regular monitoring and hardware and software upgrades have helped to bring about the speed and smooth running of the business.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the government will look into the matter before taking any action if Kardius is to be reinstated.
Referring to the Meghalayan Age-The store, he said, “I am happy that we have been able to build this place for the purpose of Art, Craft, Literature and Music.
The monthly GST collection for the first quarter of 2021-22, 22-23 and 23-24 fiscal years is T.1.10 lakh crore, T.1.51 lakh crore and T. 1.69 lakh crores.
Lucky Star Lamin in his speech said that these donations are the donations of the members to provide regular assistance to the people who come from poor families.
On the other hand, Bah Charles Marngar urged the government to allocate more funds as there are three districts while others have received the scheme. The District is the only Constituency.
“I would like to congratulate the state government, the Cabinet, the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma and others who have taken part in the establishment of the Ranikor Civil Sub-Division, which is the future for our children. it's ten days.
Shillong, Nailur 01: U Dr. Wanwayroy Kharlukhi MP to the Rajya Sabha from the National People's Party (NPP) today said that they don't know on what basis the Special Session of Parliament has been convened. it's just a dream.
The Dorbar Shnong requests the people from outside the village and those who come in need of village work, to please recognize these new village leaders and to go through them in any village work.
“The Shillong Golf Club is not a society or NGO that helps anyone but it is a self-employed organization,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
The Director of SOS, Umiam, Anup Singh, told SP News Agency that Wanteimon, a young man who was treated at SOS Umiam, after his studies in the state, has been arrested. He was able to study at the All India Institute of Hearing of Speeches in Mysore, Karnataka.
The incident occurred over the appointment of the chancellor of the university, said the authorities on behalf of the foundation.
In repeated meetings, the Government has tried to mislead the political parties and the people.
“The Government should urgently take responsibility for strengthening the Police Department and implementing a new policy of wearing plain clothes and strengthen patrolling,” said Bah Nongrum.
Since the BJP came to power, we have seen attacks on churches and Christian leaders from time to time, and we have not seen the BJP take action to protect minority religions.
Furthermore, the documentary aims to showcase the history of the party and its leaders since 1978 and will also highlight the issues that the party has put forward since its inception.
To achieve this goal, the Union Cabinet led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi recently approved three schemes that require the department to implement in the mission mode. Poshan Mission 2.0, Shakti Mission and Vatsalya Mission.
“Informing that uranium is rich in West Khasi Hills, Elizabeth said that NEST(India) which has well-known people in the villages and experts has been able to mine minerals. to develop uranium mining in Meghalaya.
The deadline for withdrawal of nominations will be on
New Pathways is a success story on the implementation of new programs and approaches while Aspirational Districts: Unlocking Potentials is an attempt to transform aspirational districts.
Shillong, July 19: Congress leaders Bobeeta Sharma and Mathew Anthony, National Media Coordinators of the party, today warned the National People's Party (NPP) to be vigilant lest it become involved in the BJP. Speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan today, Mathew said he has seen from what has happened in the BJP-Shiv Sena relationship in Maharashtra and what happened in Tamil Nadu, Natish Kumar. Bobeeta Sharman said that BJP State President Ernest Mawrie has accused the NPP-led MDA government of being corrupt. However, the BJP has not withdrawn from its cooperation with the government, which is a sign that if the NPP is not careful, it will be defeated.
He said that any stingy counting at this time will lead to problems in these districts.
The government will continue to increase the number of staff and health facilities for the people.
According to many of the participants, the victory in Ranikor will still go to former MLA Martin M Danggo, but the victory will not be as it was in the last election where he won. Shillong, Nailar 30: U Dr Donkupar Roy, President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, today clarified that the The appointment of Bah Pius Marwein as Cabinet Minister is a mistake.
The venue will accommodate 1750 spectators, 612 visitors and 325 participants.
Before the election of the office bearers, Mr Vladimir Lisin, President of the NRAI, addressed all the members of the NRAI through video conference online and praised Raninder for his good deeds. Singh, President NRAI in the promotion and encouragement of shooting not only in India but also abroad.
Answering supplementary questions by the Members of the House, the Prime Minister said that the government has taken action on this issue and the delay is due to the lack of action of the governments in the past. went away.
The police have said that all commercial taxis must install this symbol on their vehicles before the 30th of this month and if found to be still incomplete, they will be fined. that according to the law.
In particular, the HNLC gives its full support to all the political parties who are fighting for the Inner Line Permit because only this Act will be a tool to protect the people in this crisis.
There are many concerns for the future, but there are also many opportunities, especially for the youth.
Shillong, July 04: The Meghalaya Medical Services Association (MMSA) today wrote a letter to the Meghalaya government demanding that it should not provide assistance to doctors who have been threatened by the insurgency especially in Garo Hills.
The residents of the area have expressed their concern that in the same area a little further down there is another mobile tower which is taller and at the bottom of this tower has been dug a hole with the syier. he who is still standing now may fall at any time.
However, the intention to observe lecture delivery, using MCC reports in a systematic manner, should not lead to confusion in repeating the same in the future.
Thank you Madiba.
The union urges the government to implement its rules and regulations for government officers whether they are police chiefs or officers working in other departments. where they worked for less than 2 years.
They expressed their dissatisfaction because the way of enacting laws in India is against the way of establishing laws in Shnong, Raid or Dorbar Hima where the approval of the people is sought first.
There are also Nepali, Bengali and Bihari pictures.
They also sought information on the implementation of the District Task Force in South West Khasi Hills District but the truth is that the Force and the District Level Team are merely dead bodies who live only in names and members without any implementation. .
