Police have arrested him and taken him for further investigation.
“The presence of the garbage dump is not only a safe place for drug users in public but makes Motphran like a Marten, which cannot be accepted and “This should be condemned by all because the garbage has been left lyngkrang and scattered on the road in the middle of the city,” said the petition.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Minister in charge of Social Welfare, Bah Kyrmen Shylla today inaugurated the five-day Youth Health Festival 2020 at Khliehriat. East Jiantia District.
The Indian healthcare industry is a growing one and has many opportunities to become self-sufficient and contribute to the goal of providing access to healthcare around the world.
At noon, Bishop Ferdinand Dkhar gave the blessing through the Sacrament to the people gathered around the altar.
The chief guest on the occasion was Prof. SK Srivastava, Vice Chancellor, NEHU in the presence of Dr. Shailendra Chaudhari, Managing Director, NERCORMP.
In this incident, the petrol truck caught fire and three persons lost their lives in the fire.
All I have to say is that “god was with me and protected me".
Lack of rainfall, extreme temperatures and other changes have a profound impact on human life on earth.
Pangniang said the HSPDP's wish to amend Article 12(A)(b) is that within the sixth schedule there is a word President. The Governor said that Para 12(A)(b) of Meghalaya will become like Para 12(B) of Assam.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Government today announced the appointment of RV Suchiang IAS (1989) as the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya after the retirement of MS Rao. He was 60 years old when he was 60 years old.
Sunny Indane Gas Agency, Poktieh, Opp.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU) on Tuesday said that they have decided to end their strike from Monday. 11th March which lasted 11 days.
The cause of the fire has not yet been confirmed but it is believed that it may have been caused by a short circuit. .
According to sources, the office of the District Social Welfare of East Khasi Hills District has not received the forms from the Food Distribution Department of the Government for a long time.
The training will be held from the 3rd to the 16th of this month.
Meanwhile, SP News Agency was told that they could send it from the office of ICICI Lombard Company after receiving the news. She did not send anyone to meet the Rangbah Shnong of Dawki.
The Seng Leaders on this occasion also had a meeting with the management of the PHC where Dr.C.Majaw said that all the employees have fought. They can work and provide the best service in a small force according to the task assigned to them but the problem is that the number of people has increased while the number of employees is low.
“Once the Chairman of the Advisory Board has approved to take over as Chairman, the door has been opened for us to fully implement this important Act,” said Bah Paul.
The Prime Minister has promised to all political parties that the Tenancy Act which the government has prepared will be passed this month and in April a public hearing will be held where the people can vote. They also suggested how to improve the security of the arrival of mynder in the state.
To implement this programme, monitoring mechanisms will be provided at various levels to ensure public participation and dissemination of information.
“The NH-6 is the bloodline not only of Meghalaya, but of other states in the North East.
The arrest of these persons was made while the police were patrolling the Mawlong Market area and the surrounding area. Police are conducting investigation into the incident.
Regarding this allegation, the KSU NEHU unit said that the sneg will continue to be with this young woman and her family in fighting for her rights and as The same union urged that peace and order should be restored to the school.
Lawyer of the Supreme Court of India and author of the book “Ka Phan Nonglait – A Lady Freedom Fighter of India”, Bah Daniel Stone Lyngdoh Nonglait, Sordar of Nongrmai, Bah S.Nongrang, members of the Lyngdoh Nonglait Kur, students and the people of the area.
He congratulated the founders of this school for working hard with a vision of how to open the door for the children who do not have the opportunity to go to school.
Residents came forward to give information about their experiences of taking Government schemes.
The union sought clarification and asked whether such posts will be closed or another advertisement will be called.
The Seng , don't have anything to do with any officer or government employee but we have to fight against this behavior of the BDO of Ranikor Block because it has affected the poor comfortable.
It is learned that in the past years, students from the area who write marks have to go to Umsning, Nongpoh and Byrnihat.
According to the Constitution of India, it is clear that under Paragraph 12A() of the Sixth Schedule, the President of India may issue an order not to apply to the Acts of Parliament. The District Council is part of the State, but it shall not be subject to the provisions of the Act.
In an effort to complete the electrification of the Northeast Frontier Railway, the Northeast Frontier Railway has reached another milestone with the launch of the Dudhnai-Mendipathar (22.823 Track Kilometers).
The purpose of this meeting was to provide a written statement and to request a full explanation on these issues as found and seen.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Claudia A Lyngwa, said the weight of the drugs seized was 930 grams. The market has reached T.4.5 crore.
The 120th Anniversary of the Sengkut Year started from Iewrynhep Square with a march along the traditional border to Weiking Square.
The meeting was also attended by the Commissioner and Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Social Welfare Department, Pravin Baksi, Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities Sabrella B Marak and senior officials of the state government.
These two crowbars are used for digging and quarrying stone and soil and the other is used for distributing guns.
W Sohtun said that the complaint filed against NC Shadap shows only himself and not the party. As a party that works for the welfare of the people, it does not want to see that the leaders of the party will be accused in such areas.
This program is also part of the program to showcase to the society that the Bhoi Mikir (Karbi) people have many customs and traditions which should be preserved because the people live while their customs and traditions are alive and well. .
This is a very sad incident for all the residents of the village as on the same day up to four residents of the village have died in this natural disaster.
The meeting was attended by Union Minister in charge of Communications, Electronics and Information Technology and Railways Ashwini Vaishnav, Union Minister of State for Cooperation, BL Verma.
In the questioning of the members of the Seng, it was found that these people do not have the registration cards which they should have received under the Migrant Workers Act,
While the ED officers were conducting investigation at Kejriwal's residence, Delhi Police, Rapid Action Force (RAF) and CRPF personnel were also deployed. with banners outside his residence while AAP supporters gathered outside the house to protest against Kejriwal's arrest.
Shillong, November 18: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today marked the 78th death anniversary of Babu Soso Tham by laying flowers at his statue at Nongsawlia in Sohra in the presence of members of the HYC. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: Shillong Police have arrested four suspected drug traffickers, Rintu Saikia and Himraj Brahman from Nongthymmai Pohktieh.
The celebration of Vigilance Month started on 31st March and ended on 5th November 2022. During this month, poster writing, essay writing competition, discussion on the theme of corruption in the country.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Union Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment, Pratima Bhoumik has inaugurated a skills training program under the Prime Minister's Dakshta Aur Kushalta Sampann Hitgrahi Yojana. .
Referring to the talks with other groups, he said the government will not talk to the small groups from the political parties.
This place will be a memorial to all the policemen of the Central Government as well as the State Governments across the country.
The UDP's desire for a joint candidate from the UDP party cannot be fulfilled.
"It's just because the farmlands are on the border, and our duty is to protect them," he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The residents of the GS Road from Mawlai to Damsait have asked why the cleaning of the road from Damsait Bridge to Mawlai Pum has stopped when they reached Marten.
According to the census, there are 2 districts in East Khasi Hills, 1 in West Khasi Hills, 1 in South West Khasi Hills, 1 in Eastern West Khasi Hills, 1 in West Jaintia Hills, 1 in Ri Bhoi and 1 in West Garo Hills. 2 cases, East Garo Hills 10 cases, South West Garo Hills 1 case, North Garo Hills 1 case, South Garo Hills 16 cases.
According to the articles written on the walls, the opposition to the Cabinet meeting in Jowai is because the Central Government especially the Minister of Home Affairs has not yet approved the Inner Line Permit. state.
According to information received, five persons were trying to go fishing at Umñiuh Khwan and one boat carrying four people escaped and the boat carrying Bah Mahamsing was still in the middle. The ship was so strong that the wind blew and sank into the water.
The winners of the Khasi Jaintia Got Talent will receive a cash prize of 2 lakh Tyngka.
January is the month dedicated to the Skill India programme.
The money was spent on Trading License & ESL to pay their salaries.
On the other hand, the BJP leaders have promised that if the BJP comes to power in the state, it will work for the development of the state as a whole.
The international competition will start on the 17th of this month and end on the 20th of this month.
He said that in the spirit of humility, the 14 Sengbhalang request all the people, Village Authorities, Hima Authorities in the land of Hynniewtrep who are the indigenous people to come out in order. The meeting was held to show that the state is willing and urgently needs this Act and the government should implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) immediately.
He said he has found in the past that the poor are quick to adopt new technologies.
The Chief Minister said that assistance will be provided to those involved in the accident and that Railway Minister Ashwini Vaishnaw is on his way to the scene.
This made the torture unbearable.
Pynthorumkhrah MLA Alexander Laloo Hek, who is also the Minister of State, on Tuesday said that he is a resident of the Refugee Rehabilitation Colony and has received a Residential Certificate from the RR Colony Welfare Society. .
The Government today issued the improvement plan for the construction of Shallang C&RD Block in West Khasi Hills District. This announcement was made by the Meghalaya C&RD Department. government.
In addition, the OCs have been directed to be vigilant.
U Bah PN Syiem said in the House that the EC will not forgive anyone involved in this case, whether it is the officers or the members of the House. The police and the law will do whatever is necessary. If there are members of the House who want to protect anyone, let them be involved.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 21: Chief Election Commissioner Rajiv Kumar, who is currently in Nepal as an international observer for the ongoing elections, has phoned and congratulated Arun Goel on his appointment. you're not.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District said he has received many complaints regarding the holding of fishing competitions in ponds across the district.
On the other hand, the CSWO hopes that with the coming to power of the ethnic organizations within the KHADC, they will be able to protect the people in terms of the land of the ethnic groups in Meghalaya.
The call for a curfew today is against the MP election which is being held today.
At the age of 32, Qualy Suiam joined the Himashim in 1994 and won his first election as MDC of Mowkaiaw constituency in the same year from the HPU party. He joined the UDP party in 1999 and won again as MDC. He became Deputy CEM in the same year. Obil Kyndait was appointed as CEM. After Obil Kyndait resigned, Qualy Suiam took over as CEM from 2000 to June
The Project Manager of BSC&CJV said that the suspension of the construction of the road is due to some problems but he did not specify the reasons for the suspension. syndon you're working.
During the raid, the Seng has arrested about 40 foreigners whom the Seng suspects to have just returned from Assam.
The arrest of these three smugglers was from West Jaintia Hills District . The BSF seized these three smugglers thanks to the hard work of the BSF who were patrolling the border and Bangladesh.
He said that the feeling of brotherhood around the world is reflected in the G-20 logo.
There are 56 recoveries today, 37 from East Khasi Hills and 14 from West Khasi Hills. 81184 cases in the state.
However, as the days go by, there is a change in the appearance of the students, a gradual decline in the faith and a decline in the order of the students; they are darkness and destruction to the nation.
The latest news from the Disaster Management Department will be released tomorrow morning by the government so that it will be a clear estimate.
The cost of construction of the Medical College will be up to T.180 crore and at the same time it will improve the performance of the Civil Hospital in Tura.
Shillong, March 29: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) today met with the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly Dr Mukul Sangma to discuss the amendments to the Meghalaya Residence Safety and Security Act
Speaking to media, u Bah Metbah, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, said that in the past few days, there has been a sharp increase in the number of cases of covid-19 and the number of deaths. few weeks.
Rocky said discussions have been held to set up a multi purpose market and more than T.1 crore has been allocated for this purpose and T.25 lakh has already been received and the work order is already in his hands.
There are 22 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 19 cases in Ri Bhoi District and 255 cases in Ri Bhoi.
The same meeting will be held in other districts of the state as well where the Cabinet Ministers will be invited to convene a meeting with the MLAs of the districts to discuss and take action. The same is true in other districts.
Besides the appearance and rhythm of the syiem long syiem, the Khasi thought was also introduced according to the reality of that time.
Police have been looking for ways to arrest Bah Kharlukhi since that day.
The Union Minister said he would look into this request of the state government.
The themes of the first seven days are 'SampoornaSwasthya', 'SuposhitPariwaar', 'Swachhta', 'Krishi', 'Shiksha', and 'SamridhiDiwas'
Meghalayans will have to travel through the Suez Canal for up to 10 hours.
Shillong, Iaiong 21: Due to the stone throwing by Bangladeshis at Wah Umngot on 14/June/2024, the BSF has affected the entry of foreign tourists to the area. Security should be strengthened in the Umngot River.
Shillong, Nailur 22: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today said that the Cabinet has approved the rules regarding the payment of 100 days salary. rule of the Central Government that if the delay exceeds 15 days, the Government will have to pay an interest of .05% to the contractors.
More than 1,000 members of the KSU from all over the units and branches have arrived at the venue to take part in the celebration of the National Day, beat the roots in the ryngkar of the story of Risa.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: Unidentified persons have attacked the BSF headquarters at Kathakonai near Bagli in South West Khasi Hills at around 10.30 am today. Two BSF personnel were shot dead and lost their lives.
The four-day meeting was led by Inspector General Kuldeep Saini, IG BSF Meghalaya Frontier and three others. The BGB team was led by Md Zakir. Hossain and four others.
She said that now people can open accounts without money.
The day was marked by dances from different ethnic groups who came to take part in this day. The dancers who came to showcase their traditional dances were from Manipur. Assam is the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Mawlai Town Dorbar, which has been fighting against the entry of drugs into different villages of Mawlai, has now been able to change the lives of more than 30 youths. Those who have been addicted to drugs in the past years have attended a training center for more than 9 months at the training center of the North Eastern Security Academy. VIP Road in Mawkynroh Umshing Village.
If the MHC cannot lift this order and allow journalists to do their job, no doubt such incidents will happen again. Shillong, June 19: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to a question by Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said in the House that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown. The Chief Minister said in the House that there is a shortage of MCS officers and it is for this reason that the government has appointed the MPSC on 6th October. 2017 to invite applications for 38 vacancies.
Three posts were not contested against Biangbor Lyngdoh Paliar for the post of President, Mac Iver Thabah for the post of Vice President and Eddie Malngiang for the post of General Secretary.
New Delhi, Jymmang 18: In the 2024 Lok Sabha elections, the cVIGIL app of the Election Commission of India has become a tool in the hands of the people to provide information on violations of election rules.
Herbert G. Lyngdoh, IPS Superintendent of Police, Shillong, has been appointed as Commandant, 1st MLP Bn, Mawiong in place of Pawar Swapnil Vasantrao, who has been appointed as Superintendent of Police, North. Garo Hills District, Resubelpara.
Regarding the training center set up in Assam for MLAs, Officers in terms of relations and duties within the House, the work is in progress and they want to complete it. They have to go to Delhi to Parliament for training.
Six months ago, the same traffic police had repaired this road because it was too bad.
Issuance of loans from banks ranging from T 10 lakh to T 1 crore from each branch of Scheduled Commercial Banks to at least one borrower belonging to SC, ST or women.
Muktapur is a village on the border with Bangladesh under the BOP of Dawki district.
According to sources, the MPCA will file an affidavit in the name of these people who no longer want to have Aadhaar. , that when the MPCA files an affidavit, it will be the 29th group in the appeal to the Supreme Court.
Today during the curfew hours in the market all the shops were open and those who were most affected were the jhur vendors where their jhur in the shops was mostly rotten.
KSU Mawtngam, KSU South West Khasi Hills District and KSU Mawkyrwat Circle together with several elders have decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issue. “We have done this as part of honoring the name of this great man of the Jaitbynriew. – KSU. Although through the government's budget and the donations from the village, the elders and the KSU have been able to achieve The KSU demands that the government should clean up the road and allocate funds for the road to Nongeitser.
The Ri Bhoi Police have worked hard to prevent the spread of COVID-19 by explaining to the public according to the directives of the government.
Shillong, Naiweing 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the ILP demand in Assam is a matter of great concern, as Assam has been severely affected by this demand. that person who is outside.
It may be recalled that the police beat and lathi without forgiveness even the women and children.
But the PCF refuses.
There are 522 cases in West Garo Hills District, 346 cases in West Garo Hills District, 23 cases in East Khasi Hills, 4 cases in Ri Bhoi District. South Garo Hills 1, South West Khasi Hills 2, West Jaintia Hills 4 cases.
She said that the government cannot violate or disrupt the commission but the commission has its own rules of procedure which explain the appointment of the heads in the departments of the Lokayukta.
Shillong, March 25: The Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS), Meghalaya has organized a program under the “Clean India Program” at Don Bosco Museum, Shillong.
Bah Kitbok said the problem of not being able to reduce the light bill is that if they cut one cow or more they have to operate the same machines, so they have problems with the light bill while the light bill is only. T.300 to T.400 per cow while no one has come to slaughter the goats since the opening.
These limited budgets were very helpful in 2020 and I believe this current budget will also be part of these limited budgets.
“The curfew called for on the 13th of this month from 5AM to 5pm within the EJHD boundary will continue as announced and we will not hesitate,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
He said that dancing is also one of the ways to free the youth from falling into evil, when he or she is at work they don't have time to think of anyone to lead them to evil.
Shillong, Iaiong 05: The construction of the Legislative Assembly of the State of Meghalaya is in progress with the erection of the Dom at the ground floor of the new Legislative Assembly. .
The club would also like to thank all the supporters of the club.
Referring to the Village Administration Bill, Pynshngianlang alleged that it was the MAU II government under the leadership of the Congress which was delayed and returned to the District Council and now it remains within the district.
The Delimitation Committee appointed by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in April 2023 has submitted its report to the Deputy Chief Executive Member (Dy.CEM) Bah Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem at his office. your work on Sunday.
In his speech, the president of the party, Bah Lamphrangsngi Kharbani, said that to include any language in the fifth schedule is with the approval of the central government to appoint a committee. For those who have been involved, this demand has been increasing for 40 years.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Khliehriat Town Unit and Ladrymbai Unit on Thursday met with the Additional Superintendent of Police (ASP) of East Jaintia Hills, Bah Banraplang Jyrwa. ) on the excessive traffic jam in Ladrymbai and Khliehriat market from morning, noon to late evening which has happened every day.
Before the end of the 44th day, 15,694,596 people were tested for hypertension and diabetes.
Shillong, November 26: Smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh has increased during the Christmas holidays on the night of the 24th and 25th.
The meeting was conducted by the Secretary Shnong Bah Lambok Nongrang and was also attended by the Sordar of Mairang Bah Bornard Syiemlieh who gave his advice and blessings to the HANM leaders from the Central Body and Mairang Circle leaders to be able to work better for the country and the nation as a whole.
At the same time, the REC will be the only supervisor and will provide more revenue to MEECL, the Prime Minister said.
He spoke about the tourism opportunities in the area and said that the bridge construction projects which have been pending for decades have now been completed.
Provision of books in indigenous languages.
The number of cases by district is 7 cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from South West Khasi Hills, 1 case from West Garo Hills and 2 cases from West Jaintia Hills. 14410 and 108 for more information.
Archbishop Dominic Jala's snap of the saint who was first baptized in Shillong is the result of the Franciscan Conference's selection of Shillong among the cities. of the North Eastern State to deliver because it is central.
This is very important to work together.
On the other hand, the Police and BSF are working together to curb the illegal entry of Bangladeshis.
On the other hand, the Superintendent of Police said that during the Vice President's journey from Upper Shillong to Lawjynriew Nongthymmai, vehicles will have to be stopped and during this time there will be an impact on the traffic. There is a parking lot in Shillong.
Recalling the wearing of jainiong by the opposition, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the country is still reaching new heights in wealth and this can be a protection from the soap by the opposition. 'Ka tika' for the development of the country.
A total of 42 villages have been affected by the rainfall, 18 houses have been damaged across the state, 17 structures have been destroyed and the loss of property has been lost. farmland is 4.45 acres.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Charles Pyngrope said that the Congress party's inability to fight against the ruling party is the reason why they have to form another party that can fight against the ruling party. the son against.
In this regard, the union has met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District to speak as sent by the government. took a decision and sent it back to the government for a decision.
The NPP recently held a meeting of party leaders to discuss the MDC elections to the two Assemblies of KHADC and JHADC to consider the candidates for the 29 seats. According to information received, preparations have been intensified within the JHADC to search for candidates and also within the KHADC. The NPP will announce its MDC candidates in July
Jowai, July 04: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Central Body (JYF) has strongly opposed the public hearing of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) for Star Cement Private Ltd. The permission of the dewbilat factories to come illegally without any permission of the relevant department or these incidents is due to the government, leaders, village headmen , Elaka rulers that they have no responsibility for the life and death of the people especially for the future generation.
The actions of our MLA have affected the party which we understand.
The first speech was delivered in the Legislative Assembly by former President Dr APJ Abdul Kalam and this will be the second time that President of India Pranab Mukherjee will deliver. This is a real honor.
D.Singh District Youth Coordinator NYKS, East Khasi Hills District and also Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, Camp Incharge.
Other speakers on the occasion said that this agreement between the Khasi Hills and the Central Government is still alive today.
He has issued an order to collect taxes from the quarry trucks in the Raid Sawsymper,” said the JAC leader. They have agreed with the Dorbar Raid but they have not yet done anything.
In this regard, the Customs have arrested two persons suspected to be involved in the smuggling.
The NPP leader said that this struggle is very difficult but the people have given their confidence because of the works that this government is doing which the people have seen and the people have given a good answer. Cornad said that during the elections, there were 40,000 allegations from the MDA government. The opposition but the NPP has not criticized but what they have done and said is only for the sake of development and the people have responded by winning the NPP. In the North East, the Congress has not been able to win a single constituency and this is a sign that the Congress is facing a crisis and the Congress is still declining. that day.
The UDP and the HSPDP have already signed an alliance and allowed the HSPDP to contest the MLA election from Sohiong Constituency. and other political parties to support Bah Samlin of the HSPDP if possible to ensure the victory.
On the other hand, the MLCU expressed its deep concern that such incidents should happen, which is why they have chosen this venue to hold this skit to raise awareness among the people. “What happened is really bad,” said N Marwein, a teacher.
Shillong, November 03: A sudden fire broke out at Gaushala in Mawlai this morning at about 10.10 am after the workers left.
Shillong, November 22: Ka KSU Sohiong Circle today held a public meeting at Sohiong Market as part of the protest against the CAA and to demand ILP from the central government.
The meeting decided to urge the Government of India to appoint the Commission under Article 339 which is necessary to look into the situation of the ethnic groups in India.
East Khasi Hills 72.58%, West Khasi Hills 69.81%, Ri-Bhoi 75.89%, West Garo Hills 37.41%, East Garo Hills 33.22%, South West Khasi Hills 31.56%. Hills  60.72%,West Jaintia Hills  73.95%,  East Jaintia Hills  52.19%,  North Garo Hills  40.39%, South West Garo Hills  31.41%.
According to the Rangbah Shnong, this decision will soon be taken to the Dorbar Pyllun of Iooksi Village for the purpose of seeking the full support of the three villages in the Shnong Iooksi Pyllun. young man will play chess in your battle.
Shillong, Nailur 27: U Dr. Ramani Kanta Thakuria, Scientist, Agriculture Department, Assam, speaking at the celebration of the International Year of Millet organized by the Department of Agriculture, Assam at All Saint Hall. production of varieties of krai produced in this state.
On the other hand, the union said that Article 3(1) of the Act clearly states that in Meghalaya, land cannot be given to non-residents, except by the authorities. do not paint.
Referring to the 2023 Assembly elections, Mawri said that they will work hard to strengthen the party so that in the elections there will be no cooperation with other parties. Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Meghalaya Pradesh Women's Congress (MLA) led by Joplin S Shylla as President of the Congress party has decided to contest from the BJP. He met with Dr.DD Lapang, who is also the Chief Secretary of the State Government, to return to the Congress party.
Shillong, Lber 17: Shillong Police have received several complaints of theft of bikes from Shillong and some of them have lodged a complaint at Mawlai and Sardar police stations. Bangladesh.
This procedure has shown good results.
Two other demands include the temporary dismissal of a home guard who was present at the time of the incident until Bah Dismarlin died. The manager in charge of the FCI rice warehouse was informed why the assistance could not be provided. unfortunately.
“We have met twice with the Prime Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma on this issue and it was a fruitful discussion in which the Prime Minister also promised to allocate funds to the KHADC for this purpose. research on the customs and traditions of the Khasi people,” said Bah Syiem.
According to these truck drivers, most of the trucks have been seized since Friday night and the truck drivers have expressed their regret that the drivers have not received even food and drink.
On the other hand, the BSF troops, even in the midst of the fight against COVID-19, at the same time, have been stepping up their border patrols to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
According to sources, the meeting between the two prime ministers will also include a discussion on the incident in Lapangap. There has been a conflict between Assam and Meghalaya.
The closing ceremony of the college week was enriched by the participation of the teachers in the songs and a short drama performance by the students of the college.
If you don't see that you don't have any interest in this matter, you can't go to court.
Shillong, June 27: Speaking at the 16th Annual Meeting of the Staff of the State Bank of India (STB) at NEHU today, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that that the shortage of banking staff in rural areas puts the people at a disadvantage.
New Delhi, Nailur 30: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the 36th National Games at the Narendra Modi Stadium, Ahmedabad.
These traditional healers, from Nongpoh, Umden, area of ​​these 23 villages, , received a one day training on how to help and advise those who suffer from Malaria. It is one of the most deadly diseases in India.
The Chief Minister today announced the “Meghalaya Invest” scheme to attract private sector investment in the state. give it to people who will set up factories.
This afternoon, a young woman sustained injuries to her leg and is undergoing treatment at Tura Civil Hospital,” Marak said.
Speaking on the occasion, they urged the students to be clean from home to keep the village clean.
Some Rangbah Shnongs, towns have expressed their concern about the lack of recognition of Longkmie and Seng Samla in the BILL VAB 2015 and the misrepresentations of the BJP Government to the Dorbars from the MHA. , and what is more misleading is the Governor's sending of the KHADC Acts to Delhi. The former Governor, another Rangbah Shnong, who is from the city, said that the VAB is full of shortcomings because it does not include the KHADC Acts. In reply to Dr. Mukul M Sangma, the Chief Minister said that he has done his best since the Hon'ble High Court ordered that the There are clear laws before the Rangbah Shnongs can work, and the State Government has taken many measures to talk and he said that it is necessary to have an understanding between all the three groups. A meeting was held between the Rangbah Shnongs, Autonomous District Councils and the State Government on 14th Dec
The former Prime Minister of India has been undergoing treatment at the hospital for several months.
The injured were identified as Standbording Myrthong, 34, driver of the Alto, Thramshon Marngar, 60, and Lamphrang Lyngdoh,
In keeping with the mantra of 'do gaz doori', he said that masks and face shields will be part of his life in the coming days.
“The Congress has done well in the fields of education, road connectivity, trade and income distribution.
Police have arrested David CH Momin who has confessed to being involved in the killing of lines of people in Garobada, police said.
“When my supporters who have been with me, I cannot turn away from them and that is why I announce publicly that I will contest this MDC election,” said Bah James Sylliang.
In horticultural crops such as vegetables at the time of harvest, careful and careful spraying, cleaning, delivery and cleaning of spray pumps is essential.
These countries now have the opportunity to accept and use these tools within their territories and this will help to promote their innovation.
The reason for the delay is not because they are delayed but because the information comes to the office and because they have only one person to do this work they have to take the help of Gram Sevaks to inspect the damage.
Regarding the economic development, the former Governor said that it is not due to lack of funds but due to the implementation of schemes in an unfair manner.
Out of these 26 persons, 19 persons, including women, have been arrested. Police have arrested 19 persons, including women. period, except for those under 18 years of age and those over 65 years of age.
Shillong, Iaiong 22: The State Funeral of the Chief Minister and former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah J Dringwell Rymbai will be held tomorrow morning at Madan Heh, Mawlai.
Rangbah Sumar Sing Sawian explained through the newspapers the principles and principles of the Seng on all occasions.
New Delhi, November 08: A helicopter carrying Indian Army Chief Bipin Rawat has crashed near Coonoor in Tamil Nadu today. His wife Madhulika Rawat, President of DWWA and 11 soldiers were killed in the crash.
Police were also not allowed to enter the Meghalaya House in Kolkata.
The BSF said that to prevent this, they need to cooperate with the Bangladesh Border Guard (BGB).
Dr. Mukul said that while talking about the employment opportunities, it is not only in the government jobs, but also in other fields where the youth do not get jobs. The government has decided to employ 100,000 people in the state within five years.
Police have arrested 14 persons from East Khasi Hills, said the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang. are in the hands of the police.
Through this Act, it is possible to register the land of indigenous people and banks, government offices, and others will accept the certificates issued by the Syiem, Kur, Sordar, Rangbah Shnong as proof. securing the premises.
At the same time, he expressed the hope that this wish of the Managing Committee of this school will be fulfilled soon as there are no secondary schools nearby in this area.
On the other hand, FKJGP Bris Mawthoh, JSU Treibor R Suchen, KSU Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew, TUR Angela Rngad, Tourism Reachingson Khongwang, Sordar of Shnongpdeng and Doloi of Darrang District spoke. Pyrwa Lymba.
On the other hand, the Mawlai MLA said that in the past, only 10% of the skhum in Mawlai constituency was eligible but now they will receive 100%. Mawlai constituency is the largest constituency.
However, the Assam police nearby came and stopped the work. This is where a heated argument broke out with the people in the area and the Assam police stopped the work. bomb blast to the public.
They visited Mawsynram Village under Mawsynram Constituency to launch a Clean Political Campaign to explain to the people of the area on the rights and responsibilities of the people of Mawsynram Constituency. The MLA election will be held in
Shillong, Nailar 29: The talks between the government and civil society on the Inner Line Permit held today at the Secretariat have failed after the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has insisted that he will not accept the demand for ILP. At the beginning of the meeting, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, asked the opinion of the political parties on the ILP before the government shows what it has to say on this issue.
When asked, Bah Kharkrang said, “It is not a pleasure to nominate candidates, but we have to see if we have enough candidates.
The Speaker of the House congratulated the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Government Ministers, Chief Officers, Health Officers, Doctors, Nurses and Administrative Officers. districts involved in welfare, officers from various departments, media involved in disseminating accurate information to the public, village authorities, shopkeepers including pharmacies and others.
The Fit India Freedom Run was launched on the premise that people can run from anywhere, at any time! You can run at your own pace, at your leisure.
Police have registered a crime under sections 152, 153 and 154 of the Railway Act.
The meeting also invited Bah John F Kharshiing to contest the MP election to be held after the MDC election in February The MPCC said that as of now, the party does not have an MP candidate from the party who has held the post for 40 years, but it will be up to the Congress party to take the final decision on the MP candidate. He is ready for the victory especially in the upcoming MP 2019 elections.
According to the ACHR, Liechtenstein ranked first, second, China, Armenia, India fourth and fifth. Azerbaijan and Viet Nam, Albania sixth, Georgia sixth, South Korea and Tunisia fifth, Nigeria sixth and Pakistan sixth.
It will not only create income generation but will also improve the livelihood of the residents,” said the Chairman of the Town Vending Committee.
That is the rhetoric of the speakers but we have hope and we want our candidate to win the upcoming elections,” said Bah Dhar.
A WhatsApp group will be set up for all these officers together with the Nodal Officers of the Camps for smooth communication.
The visit to the GNLA camp in Garobada was led by Jacques A Sangma, 20, who was arrested by the police. don't be afraid.
However , today the Congress party has changed its mind and will hold only this protest . In this state , the supporters of the Congress party have decided to hold this protest at the parking lot at Dhankheti and closed at 10.30 pm.
Shillong, November 01: The Additional Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of General Administration (A) today announced that the Government of Meghalaya has declared a public holiday on the end of the Nongkrem Festival on 11th November
Police will take Bernard to court and after that they will launch an investigation into the raid on Edenbari which is not owned by Bernard. /7/2022.
In 1977, Hopingstoe Lyngdoh won the HSPDP. In 1980, he won the All Hills People Leaders Conference. In 1984, George Gilbert Swell won the HSPDP. individual.
The BJP MLA said his demand to send an inquiry was into the awarding of the contract by the Meghalaya government for the construction of the new state assembly building at Mawdiangdiang.
One of the main issues raised by the JSU in this petition is that the police station should set up a police examination center as many of the applicants have to come to Shillong to write. This has put in trouble the youth who do not have a job.
Criticizing Marcuise N. Marak for misusing his powers as Minister of State, Bah Donbok Dkhar said, “This is illegal and we want to ask for an explanation from the Government why he has misused his powers. The Minister of State has acted so violently even though the Prime Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma has already said that the appointment should be clean and transparent but why is this happening?
The appointment of him as Secretary shall be in terms of Section 7(1), 8(1) of the Meghalaya Engineering (PWD) Service Rule, 1995 and the remuneration shall be in accordance with Rule 22 of the Government of Meghalaya Remuneration Rule. the latest version of
To install two Drilling Pumps so that it will be a preparation so that if one Drilling Pump breaks down, another can be operated so that it will not affect the distribution of water to the residents. villages of Mawnianglah, Mawkhan & Mawrashe.
The statement said that the four parties will not stand idly by but will soon meet again to announce their other strong protest programs if the government continues to do so. announcement from the three organizations.
He said that during the meeting, the Foundation demanded that the construction should be completed and the construction was funded by the PWD (R) department.
It is an honor for India to be the president of the G20, which will be one world, one home, one future.
Shillong, July 26: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday urged the people to refrain from traveling to Guwahati as the COVID-19 pandemic has spread. on the 28th of this month.
At present, the people of Ri Khasi and Jaintia are turning to the HSPDP to lead the nation and only the party can do that because it has its own strong foundation.
He said that under today's soskular, ULFA members have agreed to renounce the path of bloodshed, surrender all their weapons and have suspended their fighting groups.
He is the first Khasi from Bangalore to receive this rank and is now serving as Superintendent of Police in the state.
James Lyngdoh, Working President of the MPCC, said that in Meghalaya, the party has held a protest at Congress Bhavan in large numbers. You are not affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
On the part of the Rangbah Shnong, he thanked the HPF for coming to deliver the aid to the poor family. They hope that the HPF will continue to work for the welfare of the people.
These snaps of the ancients are clearly visible in the pictures of the trees which show that the world in the past has been closely related to the science and technology of today.
The Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra is being conducted across the country with the aim of fully delivering special schemes of the Government by ensuring that the benefits of these schemes reach the beneficiaries on time. which is enough.
“On the 22nd of November, we sent a letter to the Executive Engineers of the two Divisions of Mawphlang Division and on the 24th of November, we sent a letter to the Minister of PHE, the Deputy Secretary of PHE and to the Commissioner & Secretary of PHE and to the Deputy Commissioner of Labor of the District Labor Officer of East Khasi Hills,” he said.
It is said that in Garo Hills the Garo Labor Corps has been celebrated, but in Ri Khasi there has never been such a celebration to commemorate the soldiers of the people who went during the British rule. .
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, has acknowledged that the Congress-ruled government has introduced many projects and programs for the benefit of the people of the state especially in the rural areas.
The KSU has been speaking and expressing its grief since the time of the KSU Leader, Bah Bull Nangjop Lyngdoh in the past years. triangle to oppose.
The SP said that the gang of robbers had taken the truck driver to ISBT or Umiam to transport jhur.
Shillong, March 31: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of Meiieid Split Lyngdoh on the 29th of March
He said that the Congress party's approval to implement the ILP in the state was because the Citizenship Amendment Bill came at that time and now the CAA has changed. “If you don't have an ILP in this state, you don't have to approve the ILP in the state,” he said.
In his view, the village and the area as a whole is still lacking in development, lack of schools, lack of health facilities. Special thanks to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma for being willing to work together for the development of this village.
He said the Modikan government was following all the terms of the social agreement.
In her speech, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Roshan Warjri, said that we cannot help but express our gratitude to the missionaries who have come to this state, besides the preaching work they are doing to spread the word of God. God, but they have set up schools and hospitals for the benefit of the people of this area.
The UIDAI has announced that it will set up adequate offices for this registration in all the states.
The victims of such mobile thefts are the villagers.
Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency today inspected three villages including Kyndonggei, Mawkapiah and Nonggrim Hills under Mawshynrut C&RD Block Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency. There is no road in these villages.
“I will personally take over the investigation when the investigation team returns to bring back the details.
The elected office bearers are Bah Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat as President, Bah Pyrkhat Shylla and Bah D Donstan Khonglah as Chief Secretary.
Regarding the peace talks with the HNLC, the door is open and the talks should be within the Constitution of India and in accordance with the rules laid down by the Ministry of Home Affairs.
The party strongly condemns the attempt of the state and central governments to allow the mynder without registering for the NPR and adhar, by informing the indigenous people in the names of scholarships, rice bran and other necessities of the people.
The FKJGP reminded in this petition that it was the FKJGP which fought for the assistance from the MLLAD scheme during the time of Bah GG Swell who died at the door of God. this is the house you are in now.
Titosstarwell Chyne, President of the UDP Party East Khasi Hills, said that it is true that Dip has left the party but the party has blessed him to win the election. He said that he intends to contest the MLA election from Shillong North from the BJP.
This is the amendment by the Central Government to the Special Employment Act for Minorities and Tribals known as the 127th Amendment to the Constitution of the country to extend the special allocation in the country.
Tura, Lber 21: U Dr Mukul Sangma, former Chief Minister of Meghalaya and Congress MP candidate from 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency, today met with Congress office bearers at Congress Bhavan Tura. , he said that the NPP and the BJP have no difference.
Ency Shadap on the 19th of this month lodged a complaint against Lucas Rymbai of Pamra village in Lad Rymbai area at Khliehriat Police Station. Station.
Shillong, Naitung 06: Laitumkhrah Police Station has received a complaint that on July 15, 2013, there was a robbery of a Basa House on Up Land Road in Laitumkhrah at 12.00 pm.
At the same time, he said that nothing should be done to the places of worship of different religions as there has been the destruction of many places of worship of different religions. it will just lead to discomfort.
In the survey, 80% of the villages in Ri Bhoi District have been infiltrated by foreigners.
Na Bholaganj District.
Speaking to reporters, they said that the protest against the public hearing was allegedly given without the knowledge of the village. and the and many other actions of the company that are against the people.
In the men's category, Raynel Kharbuki (RKH) beat Raymond Ronghang (RBD) 21-10, 21-15 while Stephan Marwein (EKH) beat Mewanlamkupar 18-21, 19:21–14.
Shillong, Nailur 09: U Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, in reply to a question raised by Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie on the drug trafficking in Shillong. He said the government has prepared a Drugs Policy and this is almost complete.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The BSF troops in Gumaghat have arrested Kodak Marak while he was trying to enter Bangladesh to smuggle drugs from India in South West Khasi Hills.
If you are interested in studying at this college please call 1800-30000-388 or visit www.aryans.
At this dorbar hima, they shall discuss matters relating to the Hima which the children of the thousands should know.
However, for many years, this promise has been only on the lips and the government has not taken any steps to change the name of the park.
Rev Thomas Jones came to these Khasi hills to preach the word of God in the years 1810-1
However, as soon as Prestone Tynsong, Minister of State for Home Affairs, stood up to speak, they suddenly came out and stood in front of the people. After his speech, the four organizations also left the venue of the rally at Nongstoin railway station.
The Custom Department has received a tip on the smuggling of foreign gold biscuits across the India-Bangladesh border from Meghalaya in a vehicle from Guwahati. A Mahindra XUV 500 was seized from Jhalupara, Shillong on Saturday morning.
The introduction of such tournaments has encouraged and inspired the athletes of the State to work hard.
The purpose of this march and public meeting is to show the unity of the Jaitbynriew despite the kidnapping and demand for money of our brothers and sisters in the area from time to time.
He said the Railway Department is working hard to rescue and provide relief, along with ensuring the reconnection of railway tracks.
The SF-10 was created for the purpose of the state to have a special police force to fight against terrorism. to public protests when problems arise.
The BSF has handed over the seized muid to the police for further investigation.
The Raj Bhavan in Tura has been under construction for several years and will be completed soon to be inaugurated by the Governor during his visit to Garo Hills. to live in this house which was built specially for the Governor.
On this occasion, Dr. Jitrendra Singh replied that he is confident that this year will be a year of tourism growth in the region as many people who used to travel to Europe have been banned. but the tourist attractions in the area have been largely spared from the impact of the pandemic.
Shillong, July 07: On the occasion of the Anniversary Celebration (04.01.2018), the KSU Dima Hasao District Unit has honored 12 students of the area who have excelled in their studies and on the same day The new office bearers of the District Unit at Haflong were also confirmed.
The protest was held on 3/11/2023 in Delhi to demand from the Central Government to implement the ILP in the state and to include the Khasi language under the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution. rule of India and to resolve the border with Assam.
Shillong, July 06: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) and Riwar Mihngi People Forum (HYC) have expressed their opposition to the government's plan to open the Export Import on the 8th of this month. and Bangladesh.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that he cannot accept or reject, but he has to follow the rules laid down by the Commission.
At this meeting, the party decided to demand that the MDA government should bring a bill by the government in the House to amend Para 12A(b) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. India, to abolish the word President and introduce the word Governor like the state of Assam.
The weight of these gold bars is 2331.82 grams and is worth T.1.42 crore.
“This is the second time we have written to the DC's office and there have been complaints from the village leaders of Samasi and others regarding the danger if the Rimanar bridge collapses.
The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) East Khasi Hills District has urged the public to inform the numbers given according to their location if they have any problems regarding traffic jam during these festive days. have.
At the same time, the HCWE has directed the District Administration to send this message to the government to appoint an independent commission of inquiry. “This post is still only at the level of Additional District Magistrate and it is not enough,” she said.
In his speech, Dr Nonglait said that the human race needs many books, the last area where there are no writers is on science.
To get clean water, people need to learn how to maintain water sources.
The meeting was attended by Bah James S Lyngdoh, Working President of the Congress Party in Meghalaya, MLAs, MDCs and party office bearers.
Although there has been an order to prepare for the opening of the new district on 10th November 2021, the government has not issued an announcement till the date of writing of this news. Government of the new District.
Dr. (Mrs) P Nongbet said that this is the first time that the hospital has received foreign assistance.
As a sign of respect, Bah Hek telephoned Bah Mawrie and said I have sent a letter to the Prime Minister approving two names – Bah Shangpliang and Bah Kharkrang – for some of the claim.
While Non-NFSAs can buy rice from the market.
The collision occurred between the truck and the driver of the Bolero on Jowai Road at 1.30 pm and the patient was taken to the hospital at 6.30 pm.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: Police in Eastern West Khasi Hills District have ordered the residents of the state not to succumb to those who offer to send messages through SMS to avoid being cheated.
Those who come to mourn should refrain from eating and the family members should ensure that those who come to mourn should not stay long in the house where the deceased is on the hill to cleanse the body. and to ensure that the number of attendees does not exceed
Replying to the ILP, the Minister of Home Affairs said that he is grateful to the people, the government and all the MLAs of the state who have joined hands to demand the ILP. Referring to the protest of COMSO, the Minister of Home Affairs said that all civil society organizations and the people can remind the government if they have any demands but it should not affect them. he is happy with you.
Members of the House who spoke in support of the EC's decision were Lamphrang Blah LO, Balajied Rani, PN Syiem and RV Lyngdoh.
She urged the institute to encourage innovation, the development of modern technologies, open up opportunities to train people and lead the way to transform the country into an Atma- depends.
Hakabiang Lyngdoh (West Jaintia Hills), Bernadette Lyngdoh (East Khasi Hills), Adamkid Sangma (Tura City), Brivia Thabah (East Khasi Hills), Premananda Koch (South West Garo Hills), and Bipen Pradhan (Shillong City) .
Harmuti Rongchon and Mamain AWC, Umling ICDS.(SP News).
Shillong, July 23: India today celebrated the 125th birth anniversary of Indian freedom fighter Subhas Chandra Bose. Lay flowers in front of the statue at the State Central Library, Shillong.
On the other hand, the teachers said that the government has not yet implemented the Fifth Pay Commission for the teachers in the deficit schools in Meghalaya.
Thus, at that time, the working methods to promote the activities of the indigenous people were changed because everyone was eager to invest in education and other development activities.
On the part of the Council, if we have to issue, we will issue on the grounds and if we reject the Trading License we will reject on the grounds and we cannot just do anything just because there is an order because in the end “It is we who make the law and we have to implement it and not to violate it,” said Bah Pynïaid.
This initiative of the Seng is an example to others, in this intership he invites the students of schools and colleges to join hands in the future.
On this occasion, the KSU has continued to follow up on this issue to demand from the central government to set up a Central Agricultural University in this area and not a college. She went to Delhi but they didn't meet her.
The Mission will ensure economic growth in the bamboo sector by addressing challenges and establishing beneficial relationships between farmers and factories.
Valid CAT/GMAT/CMAT/MAT/XAT Score.
Sir Julius Kurbah, Asst Principal of Balawan College, Peterson Kylla, President of KSU Umsning Circle, Augustine Nongbri, Vice President of KSU Umsning Circle and others were present on the occasion. Lester Nongbet Secretary KSU Umsning Circle, Laraplang Nongbri President Lumumpih Unit and other members of the KSU Umsning Circle.
of Meghalaya".
Shillong, July 15: U Martin M Danggo, MLA of Ranikor Constituency, has decided to resign from the Ranikor Civil Sub Division.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The IOA was signed in 1947 with the Government of India. Shillong, Naitung 03: In a press conference with Bah John F Kharshiing, spokesperson of the Federation of Khasi State (FKS) on Tuesday said that the IOA was signed in They have forgotten that the Instrument of Accession (IAO) signed between the Khasi Chiefs and the Government of India in 1947 is still alive and the Central Government is still honoring it today. it’s not the state government, he said.
The BSF arrested these people while they were leaving the forest to enter a Sumo parked on the road on the border with Bangladesh. long to go to Kashmir to work.
The Prime Minister said that the protests which lead to the destruction of government property and private property have caused panic among the people and this is in line with what the insurgents are doing, such as the general public should condemn this act.
Kaushal Kishore, Minister of State for Child Development, MOHUA; Members of Parliament from across the states, MVV Satyanarayana, AKP Chinraj, Ramesh Bidhuri, Sanjay Kaka Patil, Abir Ranjan Biswas, Kalpana Saini and Vandana Chauhan.
For the first time this year, the meeting has expanded to include all the North Eastern regions including Sikkim.
Furthermore, the union has found that many of the people do not understand how to prevent the spread of COVID-19 and as the union we don't want the villages or the people to be confused about this. section.
The Prime Minister of India has congratulated the Department of Information Technology and Telecom (DITT) of Bhutan and ISRO for launching the satellite built jointly by the two countries. their ri.
On the other hand, the HSPDP will continue to sit and it should be delayed and after the party sits and what comes out will be the best.
“If the Police, the Home Department and the MLA oppose this opposition of the Dorbar Shnong, we will not refuse on behalf of the residents and we will not take part in the meetings with the Police at Mawryngkneng Police Station. .
Gen.
Nongstoin, June 07: The Hynniewtrep People's Organization (WPA) has expanded its offices in Mawthadraishan as a Circle.
Congress Minister Prestone Tynsong, HSPDP Minister JA Lyngdoh and NCP Minister Sanbor Shullai have claimed that they have nothing to do with the case. that they are merely begging is something unacceptable.
Regarding the allocation of land to the Hima Government , the Hima does not take money because the Government brings about development works for the welfare of the children of the Hima as a whole ei the land for government development works.
In Taekwondo, West Garo Hills won 2 gold, 1 silver and bronze medals. In this event, West Jaintia Hills District won two gold medals and one bronze medal from Ri. Bhoi District won one Silver and two Bronze medals while East Khasi Hills won three bronze medals.
KSU President Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar told SP News Agency that the KSU has set up three gates to check the entry of people from Assam, one at Ratachera in East Jaintia Hills. Hills, 20-Mer in Ri Bhoi District and Athiabari in West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Nalur 04: The AMMPWA General Secretary Allan Kharbani today ended the three day strike in front of the Malaria Office at Lawmali.
The DCGI's approval for the market authorization of these two vaccines in the country shows the speed of work to protect the people of the country and the speed of taking necessary decisions. who have been very helpful to people during this pandemic.
Government officials and heads of various armed forces in Shillong were also present on the occasion.
In the past years, the allegation has been made against the former MLA Bah JA Lyngdoh that he has not done anything to improve this road. it remains as it is.
He said that 26 KSU members have been arrested and many are still being sought by the police, but there are still thousands of KSU members who are ready to speak out. he gave his life for the sake of the country and the nation.
Police said that the group had arrested Bah Baduh Phawa, one of the syiar vendors in the area.
Although NEEPCO has already cut off the light on the 25th of this month, the Meghalaya government has not done anything for this to resolve with NEEPCO, sources said.
In this struggle, I know that there will be many challenges and shortcomings but I have faith that we can reach our goal if we unite and work together for a new Meghalaya.
“I understand that there are many shortcomings in this PHC in Ryngku and I have met with the Minister of Health and I have said that we need to put a There is only one doctor and I said that we still need to appoint a nurse and within three days we have appointed a nurse here in Ryngku.
Shillong, July 17: The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) has won 293 MPs in the 18th Lok Sabha MP elections. and the National People's Party (NPP) is one of the NDA members with one MP in the Rajya Sabha.
The Meghalaya High Court today decided to dismiss the PIL on the basis of the clarification of the Election Commission of India, which was announced by the Governor of Meghalaya. on 31st January 2016.
This was announced by the CEM of KHADC, Bah Teinwell.
Mukhin said that during the meeting, the Prime Minister informed the JAC leaders that he will consider and look into the JAC's statement. .
In India there are 17 groups and 22 Pauline Book and Media Centres.
Regarding the postponement of the opening day of the festival, Mr. Paul Lyngdoh said that he will look into the report from the organizers of the festival so that the people can put on their tickets. their shops shall be destroyed.
On this occasion, he also discussed the suggestion of one of the employees of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to remove all the items that have not been used in the government health centers on the day. to celebrate Environment Day.
The new government department is only to look after the influx of foreign authorities from outside the borders of India.
The District Magistrate also ordered that those who violate this order will be punished under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code.
Jowai, Rummang 10: Four organizations including the AJYWO-Sengkmie, the KSU-Jaintia Hills District Unit, the FKJGP-Khlliehriat Circle and the HNYF-East Jaintia Zone, together with the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, together with the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, -East Jaintia Hills today decided to call a 12 hour curfew on the 13th of this month from 5 pm to 5 pm to force the government to repair. The National Highway 44 from Tuber to Malidor has been closed.
In East Garo Hills, 18 cases, 16 males and 2 females, West Garo Hills 69 cases, 65 females and 4 females, South West Garo Hills 15 cases, 12 males and women and South Garo Hills 16 men.
IIM Shillong congratulates the 2024 graduates Kashish Sharma, Saagarika Bhasker Panyam and Sampada Dubey who are studying PGP-2023-25, IIM Shillong for their acceptance. he is the Bible.
Police are conducting investigation to track down the perpetrators.
Other speakers at the meeting were Dr SS Majaw and many others. A book translated from English into Khasi on the Un Declaration was also launched.
In the discussion, it was said that the father is the head of the family, the mother is the head of the family.
Police have also seized a bike and T.28,000 from his body. The arrest of the drug dealer was made by the police. and today they have arrested him.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laban Circle on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Divisional Forest Officer (DFO) of East Khasi Hills District regarding the illegal occupation of foreigners in Mahadev Khola.
Ardent wanted to know why Nail Warjri was forcibly sent to Willaimnagar, what was the conversation between Nail and the DG Prison before going to that place, whether it is true or not. He was sent to Willaimnagar without an official order, or whether he had anything to do with the case in Willaimnagar and the escape of people from Shillong District Jail.
The request for funds from the House is because there is no allocation of funds in the budget and the House has accepted the allocation of funds for the budget. a special committee known as the Expert Committee.
However, the Seng Leaders have also had a meeting with the 2 Doctors who were at the PHC on that day including Dr.W.L.Chyne and Dr.W.Mawlong. They also said that there are some problems in the PHC especially as it is a PHC which has to provide services to more than 55 villages. They also promised that they are ready to cooperate with the Seng in all necessary circumstances for the welfare of the people of Upper Shillong.
Nine players from the U-23 team and seven players from the Shillong Lajong Youth Academy.
Shillong, June 07: UDP candidate Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that Dr Mukul Sangma is strongly opposed to giving ticket to Vincent H. I don't know if I'll win the MP election.
The KSU strongly urges the government to resolve these issues immediately otherwise the KSU will have to take strong measures to demand the rights of Khasi students, said Donald V Thabah General Secretary. Khasi Students' Union.
Due to the lack of time for the meeting with the Minister, the teachers have decided to meet the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma soon.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the incident.
Shillong, March 12: U Bah Alexander Laloo Hek today inaugurated the Shillong Ayurvedic Wellness Center at Nongmynsong under the leadership of Dr. Littwilina D Sangma and Dr. Megawath Surender.
He said that even after 68 years of India's independence, cases are still being filed to find the land title and to find the land owners (such as during the Polo). , Lawsohtun, Pomlakrai-Airforce and other places which are still in darkness) due to the lack of clarity in the laws between the Government of India and the traditional authorities from the Dorbar Kurs who hold the Kur land.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today celebrated the 3rd National Ayurveda Day 2018 under the theme of traditional medicine for the health of the people.
There are 32 recoveries, mostly from East Khasi Hills 23, West Khasi Hills 4, bringing the total number of recoveries to 82704 so far.
To keep yourself clean, at home, in the village and in the community is very important.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Congress party today announced its candidates for the remaining three constituencies, Khleihrait, Pynthorumkhrah and Shillong South.
It was also decided to direct the hostel inspectors and other officers on duty to provide detailed explanations on the delay in filing a complaint.
We don't want to live in suffering again because we have always lived in peace,” said the people of this area.
Therefore, today it has been decided to extend the band in East & West Jaintia Hills District for 12 hours only today 10/12/2013 from 5.00Am to 5.00Pm. .
The demands of NESO include the Education Policy, the Amendment of the Constitution, the Inner Lime Permit, the implementation of the Inner Lime Permit in all parts of the North East. I'm from India.
The JSU and JYF have requested the Commission that from now on any interview of job seekers should be held in Jowai so that these problems do not arise. Job seekers and their parents are also affected.
They also attended the public meeting of the Congress party in Ranikor.
The youth had gone for a walk in the Umtrew River with his friends as it was also a Sunday when tourists used to go swimming in the river.
The previous government had set up a Sub Center in Psiar for several years, and we see that at that time the Assam Government did not oppose much because they did not want to use Psiar at that time, and it was able to set up a Sub Center. the Sub Center as it is now.
The Congress party under the leadership of Rahul Gandhi will fight to make the people of the country aware of the threat to the country, he said. This Modi government is against the poor and helps only a few rich people.
On the same day, the Chief Minister also inaugurated the North Eastern Police Academy at Umsaw, Ri Bhoi District.
Police have seen that the struggle of drug traffickers to smuggle drugs into the state is very strong and this is a serious threat. you are snow.
In 2009 I was one of the candidates for the Lok Sabha election and I lost as an Independence candidate.
Shillong Municipal has given them a number to stay while others who do not sell food items have been banned from staying. The shops in the villages are also less crowded.
Deputy CEM Rymbai said that the government has not said anything on the letter of the JHADC and they are still following up on the request. from the government which is their share to pay the salaries of the employees.
The group of Chief Executive Members urged the Seng Bhalang to come forward and work together to review the new Act prepared by the Government.
Regarding the transfer of vacancies to another recruitment centre, if the vacancies cannot be filled from any group, it shall be removed and the vacancies shall be filled in the same manner. year without carrying over to future years.
For the needs of the eastern and northeastern regions, an Alliance Air flight from Delhi to Kolkata carried these equipment to places like Kolkata, Guwahati, Dibrugarh and Agartala on 29th October. 2020.
The UDP President Titosstarwell Chyne, CEM of KHADC, Minister of Home Affairs Lahkmen Rymbui, MLA Nujorki Syngoh, MLA Nujorki Syngoh, Teinwell Dkhar MDC with party supporters and family members.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar and the Executive Members who attended the closing ceremony of the festival were present. the religious service is completed with joy and happiness.
The Leader of the Opposition was speaking after a meeting with the managers of hotels in Shillong and at this meeting it was understood that the lack of peace and order has affected the state as a whole. for now the loss cannot be estimated as this affects in the future.
These two trucks were seized from Banalari Petrol Pump Mawiong Rin.
The North East Petroleum Major Union (NEPMU) in a complaint sent to the Commissioner & Secretary, Food Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, Pravin Bakshi, has decided not to supply petrol to the state. Meghalaya from November 12,
With the availability of this new technology, it will help the Finance Department of the Government to monitor the expenditure of salaries of government employees.
The 3rd WAKO Indian Open International Kickboxing Tournament 2024 started from 7th June to 11th June and was held at the KD Jadhav Indoor Stadium in New Delhi.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Speaking at the general discussion of the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, Bah Gavin M Mylliem, MLA from Sohra Constituency. On Tuesday, he urged the State Government to set up Science and Commerce courses at Sohra Government College.
Shillong, November 17: Four Congress MLAs today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma and made it clear that they will support the government according to the I don't work, but as a party I have a group.
Somnath, which had been destroyed in the past and had been rebuilt many times, inspired him to rebuild India in a new form.
"“This picture caught our attention upon first seeing it.
The purpose of this meeting with the residents of the villages was to encourage the people to make their voices heard because every vote that the people cast is precious.
The opposition leader said it is the duty of the opposition to point out the mistakes of the state government. He said that not only the opposition but also the people have the right to point out the mistakes of the state government. the government’s fault.
Shillong, Lber 19: U Bah Reniton Lyngdoh Tongkhar of the HSPDP, while taking part in the debate on the speech of the Governor of Meghalaya, said that it is sad to see this incident in the House. .
On the other hand, the DC said that after the meeting tomorrow morning, the cause of the incident will be understood.
After completing all the necessary procedures at the Civil Hospital, the body was placed at the morgue. Anyone who knows or relatives is requested to call these numbers. 0364-2224400, (M) 9863083719 if you have any questions.
On the other hand, the President paid special tribute to the leaders of the state such as Professor GB Swell, PR Kyndiah, PA Sangma, HS Lyngdoh and especially Bah JJM Nicols Roy who took part in the construction of the the Constitution of India.
Look at the workers who come to Meghalaya without permits.
The training was held to mark the celebration of International Women's Week which started on 1st October and will end on 8th October
During the arrest, the BSF seized 12 billion rupees of heroin which he was planning to sell to Bangladesh.
Shillong, Lber 09: The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) today announced that its Foreign Secretary Briyan R Marak, known as Millam, has been suspended for 40 years. He surrendered to the South Garo Hills District Police Station.
The festival will be held in about 100 cities across India and in 50 countries of the world. The film Mother has already been screened in 7 countries of the world. in Spain, Canada, France, Italy, USA, Japan and now in India.
Regarding the coal mining industry, the government since 2019 has worked hard and now the state government and the central government have worked together in which the central government has given permission to mine coal to those who have received the licence. Within 60 days, the permits will be issued to mine coal.
From the CEM's house, he admitted that he has seen many challenges that he has to face as CEM of GHADC. within the GHADC for the benefit of the Council.
“In both cases we have lost because of the state reservation policy.
Police who rushed to the scene have taken the bomb squad to investigate the incident. Until now, it is not clear what the cause of the blast was. The roof of the house was damaged in the incident.
JKMP Higher Secondary School was the winner in March Past, while Little Start Higher Secondary School and Maharam Government Higher Secondary School were second and third respectively.
Although the Meghalaya government has already directed the Deputy Commissioners of various Districts under these two District Councils to start the preparations, it is doubtful whether the Deputy Commissioners of the District Councils will start the preparations. The Legislative Assembly of India has introduced the amendment to the Sixth Schedule in Parliament in the next session, the date has not been fixed.
The license can also be obtained from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Garo Hills or the Labor Commissioner.
The government will have to spend an additional T.5.11 crore per annum for these teachers who receive assistance from the Meghalaya government. The demand of the teachers to increase their salaries is well founded.
Since the fee for COVID-19 testing was introduced on the 16th of this month, 7000 people have come for testing so far across the state.
“Improve and strengthen your (government) powers and functions through Cyber ​​Laws and your people in charge of this.
The award was presented by the Samta Sahitya Akademi International Nepal (SSAIN) at a function held in Kathmandu on 10th November for writers from across the country who have contributed to society.
This distribution was done in front of the office where many people received the benefits.
“The recent raid by the HYC, in which a young man confessed to using drugs seized from a SWAT police officer, reveals the sources of drug trafficking. drugs.
It was also reported that the expenditure of doctors for diabetes is up to three times higher than that for other diseases.
Nassar Marwein Chairman of the JAC, said that the march will start from Nonghyllam at 10.00 pm and end at Nongjri village on the second day of the market.
The union demanded that an inquiry should be sent to the CBI to find out the facts as the collection of money on these two highways is excessive due to the presence of illegal gates.
He said the government should understand that Block 1 does not have such a boundary but once there is a need to retransfer Block 1 and other areas of Khanduli and Psiar to Meghalaya. and repeal the order by Notification No. TAD/R/31/50/148 dated 13th April,
In his speech, Pa,im Ainam Syiem Syiem of Mylliem Hima said that the Hima has allowed the use of plastic below 50 micron and this will be temporary but from now on it will be banned. the use of plastic.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: As usual every year, this year too, the Hima Khyrim will hold the “Shad Nongkrem” to thank God the Creator for the good harvest, I am happy and I have a good inheritance and I have a good income.
In a statement sent by Bah WG Dkhar Chairman and Bah C Nongbri Secretary of JAC South Lyngngam Border Area, they decided at the public meeting held on 26th November to support the candidate. The UDP and the JAC stand firm on the same ground to give their full support to the UDP candidate Bah Pious in the MLA Election
“When I came hungry, I didn’t mean to be dramatic.
During the curfew, the public and school children have passed through these areas.
In a statement sent to the media, the Commissioner of Customs (Preventive), Shillong, said that the destruction of the drugs was done on The Drug Disposal Committee comprising Customs and DRI officers. The seizure of Ganja and Drugs was conducted by the Customs Office by ensuring that the seized goods were properly stored and destroyed. it shall serve as an enlightenment to the people and to the country as a whole.
Police have seized IEDs from the vehicle. The Bomb Squad from Shillong has brought all the necessary equipment according to the rules of law.
It is also learned that today the KHADC has submitted its replies on four issues which the Ministry of Home Affairs has requested for clarification. On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that he has spoken to the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem.
John expressed his gratitude to the Government for introducing the Sports Policy which includes that the State Games should be in accordance with the rules of the International Games. Olympic Association.
The Prime Minister urged the police to educate the public on the law.
He said that what he has learned today at this meeting he will inform the Cabinet Minister in charge of Railways and Road Construction of the Union Government.
On the other hand, Abishek, who is in charge of ICICI Lombard Company in Meghalaya, said that he still has to find out about this because there are many people who have worked and it is impossible to know who is involved. go with who sent if any.
The party will consider in these days to take measures to protest against this invasion.
He pointed to the transformation of the North East in the last 40 years and said that the people of the region have more hopes and aspirations.
Taking advantage of technology, the e-mail Id and whatsapp number will also be released to the public to give the MP the opportunity to give their opinions and suggestions so that he can improve his views. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Kharjahrin.
The road is located from Mawsynram, Lawbah, Hat Mawdon, Balat, Ranikor to Borsora Nongjri.
Shillong, November 04: The Special Court set up by the government to hear the protests against the civil society groups demanding the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state has been given 30 days. leaders and 14 organizations to submit their written responses.
This training center currently teaches only the most important areas used in daily activities, such as Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Office, DTP and others. I encourage the youth to study further in this field and this is a blessing to the youth in this district which is full of crime.
Meanwhile, MEPA in its meeting held today decided to join hands with various media groups in India to write to the Chief Justice of India and urge He urged him to fight against attempts to violate the rights of journalists as happened in the past few days to some journalists in Delhi.
In the fourth grade, Kennedy Dondor Richmond Dunai of All Saints Diocesan Higher Secondary School scored 560 marks and received distinction in English, Mathematics, Science & Technology, Social Science, Health and Physical Education and Alternative English.
Today, the MLA met with the Chief Secretary to discuss with him and the Chief Secretary said that he will receive the full report tomorrow. and this incident.
Siros Lamare President KSU Narpuh Circle said that why this has happened once a year after there have been dewbilat factories since 2007 and it is surprising why this has happened. In the past few months, it has been shown that the waste from the coal factories in the area is not from the MSPCB report which said that in the past few years, it is from the coal mine. .
People can also share information through various social media platforms through this register.
New Delhi, July 12: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi has urged everyone to make Yoga an important part of their lives.
Regarding the government buildings, it was clarified that those which have already started can work and continue, but no new work can be started.
They are Pynshai Mawrie who won the gold medal in Kickboxing at Ashgabat Turkmenistan in 2018, Banjoplang Ryndem who won the bronze medal at the All India Open MMA Championship, Ibadarishisha Mukhim. He took part in the Wako India National Kickboxing Federation Cup and Wako India Senior National Kickboxing Championship and won gold medals.
We also demand that the present government should repair and improve the livelihood of both the people who fall under the jurisdiction of Wapung C&RD Block, in order to gain the trust and praise of the people. thus, the people will lose trust in the government.
Shillong, July 02: The opposition in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul to seek clarification from him on the Bill. which was passed by the House last month.
The blood donation was conducted in collaboration between MSKA and NEIGRIHMS Hospital Shillong, under the supervision of Dr. Lutika Lyngdoh.
In Samanda block in East Garo Hills, the Parliamentary Secretary Noverfield Marak said that the planting of siej for the Tura to Nongstoin road will not be distributed through the blocks.
The garbage truck had arrived at the scene to unload the garbage from Shillong, but for unknown reasons it overturned and fell on GS Road. ha street.
“It is only a forest market and many of them are empty and illegal in Sookilo market,” said the HNLC leader. He said that the Rangbah Shnong is also the owner of the land. If you check your Trading License or Labor License, you will be able to check your Trading License.
There are some people who are trying to cause fear.
Bah PN Syiem said that in the past years, the KHADC has been investigating this issue until the Meghalaya High Court has ruled that the KHADC has been investigating the matter. They used the term Traditional Mining and when they received a copy of the decision of the Supreme Court of India on private land.
He said he had thought of joining the UDP since 2012-2013 but could not.
“At present, this office has been very crowded and has affected the work of many.
Others who were honored on this occasion were Baiahunlang Khyriem and Wanbhabok Myrthong. month of March.
“We called for the cooperation of the communities.
According to the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, 120 houses have been destroyed in Umdohlun and 40 others. the house in Rangblang.
Shillong, Naitung 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the Labor Department has issued a Work Permit to the state. The Chief Minister said that the registration was done by the Labor Department, there is no such thing as a Work Permit but the registration is for the you have to give a name to what you have.
The government notification will be released on 13/4/2023, the registration will end on 20/4/2023, the scrutiny of documents will be on 21/4/2023 and the last date The contest will be held on 24/4/2
There are 34 recoveries, 25 from East Khasi Hills and 5 from Ri Bhoi, bringing the total number of recoveries to
He said the people of Manipur have ensured peace for some time now and urged to move forward in the work to restore lasting peace.
To reinforce this statement, the CEM said, “I am within the Shella Constituency which I lead, with which I have received this special allocation I have built three dorbar halls in the elaka. I'm in my constituency.
In this regard, the KTFA urges the authorities of Ribhoi District that if there are any investigations, the law enforcement agencies should take the necessary action and as a group they promise to cooperate with the authorities. district and not to allow anyone to cause trouble within the village.
There are 751 cases, 102 cases in East Khasi Hills District, 90 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 3 cases in West Garo Hills. South Garo Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 1, East Jaintia Hills
There are 62 cases in the state.
“We suggest that you advertise the buildings at these Outposts, especially in Mukroh and Khanduli.
“As the Dealers of the State, we extend our condolences to the Government and the Police Department who have prevented this incident in the middle of the road from these petrol trucks.
Shillong, March 12: The employees of Nazareth Hospital Workers' Union (NHWU), the first union in private hospitals, have staged a strike today. to demand from the authorities in charge of their property.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Diengdoh said that in 1916-1917, about 56 Khasi and Pnars went to France to work. bullets for the British army and after 20 years they returned.
“We have also raised the issue of the use of masked policemen by the police department who do not even have name plates.
There are 108 Public Health Centers and 29 Community Health Centers in Meghalaya. At the same time, many schemes such as HNRM and others have been launched from year to year. public interest.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District, West Garo Hills District, today said that Flying Squads have been deployed in all 11 constituencies of West Garo Hills District. money from moving cars.
hard to find and contact them.
It has also been dewed to the states that the administration of the first dose is faster than the administration of the second dose.
The HYC Nongthymai Circle today held a signature campaign at the Fire Brigade to ask for the support of the people to support the ILP and other demands of the party.
The purpose of this initiative is also to understand the use of the IT Co-WIN platform to show the way forward before giving real medicines.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, Shillong MP Vincent H Pala and other dignitaries from all over the Khasi Jantia Hills District were also present. only on this day.
The Government's objective is to accelerate the income generation of the people in the state by striving to provide development works especially in the field of network and roads. PMGSY roads, light to reach all the villages and this has reached Rs 2000 crore.
Sonia Gandhi, Chairperson, UPA, National Advisory Council (NAC) and Shri M. Venkaiah Naidu, MP & Chairman, who directed the Ministry of Home Affairs to look into these complaints from the Grand Council. of Chiefs of Meghalaya.
These leaders said that the JSU invites all the people of Jaintia Hills and urges all the residents of West Jaintia Hills to think together and not to be discouraged. feel differently from the area or village to bring a clean morning inside the market.
When asked about his feelings on the leadership of Kong Kmoin abroad, Bah Shakliar said, “I believe it has made the whole state proud to see that a woman at the age of 76 years old, participated in the 10km race.
that Bah Hek has already approved the names of me and Bah Kharkrang in the DO letter for appointment and the letter has been sent to the Prime Minister.
Shillong, June 17: The KJP Assembly today took over the houses and property in the Central Ward, IGP Point, which have been used by the Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU) since
The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Umsning Circle has expressed its regret over the wrongdoing and unfounded misconduct of the Officer in Charge of Umsning Police Out Post. RBYF Umsning Circle President, Bah Phrangsngi Kylla.
It was alleged that the BJP has now risen to Rasong and has started to violate the Constitution of India.
Other MLAs who added to the question included PT Sawkmie, Dr Azad, Charles Pyngrope, Zenith Sangma, Saleng Sangma and George B Lyngdoh.
Village Leaders and Youth Organizations who wish to train the youth in the villages are requested to contact the Deputy Controller of Civil Defence, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, at MATI building, Additional Please call 0364-2500531 at Secretariat Compound.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, which includes the Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, the Federation of Khasi States, the Council of Dolloi, Sirdarships and Nokmas, was held on the 9th of this month. May 2014, expressed its deep concern over the constitutional validity of the ban on coal mining in Meghalaya.
Shillong, November 27: The Meghalaya government has strongly followed the guidelines of the Election Commission of India (ECI) for the preparation of the District Council elections. to 45 days.
It is very different from EPIC, credit card, SMART card and others because they take only that demographic data while Aadhaar (which comes from Sanskrit and means 'base' both demographic and biometric (measurement of life: bio – life; meter – measurement).
The President of the Voice of the People (VPP) Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit on Tuesday said that the presence of the VPP leaders is enough to inform the Government that the people do not allow the Government to do so. go ahead and do whatever you want.
““I (the police) asked, (I) said you were in Shillong.
The ban on the use of plastic will start from the market.
When counting the daily bill, all the ethnic groups have enough, but at least they don't have enough to go to Assam to sit on the road. They say on social media that if they are from Meghalaya why they fled abroad they should come to this state to talk.
Shillong, July 19: Traders, farmers of synsar and sla tyrpat have expressed their satisfaction that the market in Mawiong has gone smoothly. I don't want to die without having to worry.
To do this, the officers must do something to show that the government is determined to work for the people of the state.
R.Sohmat, members of the village, MACS and RNTCP office who were present on this occasion and others who helped on this occasion.
At present, the government has not commented on the strike.
“I am still a Congress member and what they have done is to expel me from the Congress party,” said Bah Manstudy.
Shillong, July 10: The DMKS Shadap Court of Amlarem Civil Sub Division has sentenced Ranjeet Namosudro, 26, of Bangladesh to two and three years imprisonment. month and how T.3000 tyngka.
Shaili was temporarily in Shillong while her husband, who works in the Air Force, was working in Shillong under the Eastern Air Command. Guardian has been around for many years.
In talks with the health department of the district in the past few days, the Seng has learned that the government has already appointed another doctor in this PHC where there will be 2 MBBS Doctors.
“It is clear that the Government has arrested and killed Bah Cheris, the spokesman.
Playing with the elite clubs in the SPL was a big step up (though Sawmer have been in the SPL before for one season in 2018).
Marak, Dolly K. Sangma, Bhupen Hajong, Sukaram K. Sangma.
I am confident that in the coming months, there will be no more open toilets in the country.
After a thorough discussion with the Engineer and the SDO of the PHE Department, they promised to try to find ways and means on how to build drinking water sources for the to bring peace and stability to the people of the area in relation to this problem which they face from time to time.
They will participate in seminars, site visits to talk to people in these places who work in the same fields as them and also have the same interests as them.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The residence of the Governor of Meghalaya, known as the Raj Bahvan, has been opened to the public for two days. place on the Independence Day of India.
Dated 23/05/2013 and NO.PER(AR).153/93/Pt.1/171.
The absence of a full time BDO has affected the operation of the office as a whole because without a supervisor the office is difficult for the people who have jobs every day because the need for jobs of the people is daily.
The Lion Club Shillong recalls that in the year 2013-2014, Tongbram Mahesh Singh from Imphal won the winner of the drawing competition.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the Cabinet has approved the decision of the Meghalaya High Court. After discussing the decision, it was decided that the government will appeal to the Apex Court, the Supreme Court.
The government's purpose in suddenly changing the currency is to detect counterfeit money, to curb drug trafficking, to curb the money laundering for terrorist activities. The people of this country have faced many problems, but when this happens, they have to be patient for the sake of the good”.
He said that many of the schemes through the NEC, even those which have already been released, have been suspended while the new rules are being finalised.
However, the question is, how much this era of social media will really affect the MLA Elections 2023 which will be held soon on 27th June
“As the party, we urge the MPs of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha to speak on this issue in the Legislative Assemblies,” said Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
The only request that the party has sent through this is to the ethnic parties that have ruled the KHADC like KHNAM, HSPDP who have been talking from time to time about the ILP to turn and look into the UKJH Act. Regulation 1952 have the authority to speak and implement the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation, 1873 within the boundaries of the Autonomous District.
Furthermore, the union urged the Dorbar Shnong to set rules for the companies to ensure that the employees do not work in fear of sudden dismissal which happens from time to time. period.
Shillong, Naiwieng 8: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 155 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state. There are 1034 cases in Garo Hills, 5 cases in South Garo Hills and 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Lber 21: MePGCL Chief Engineer B Wahlang on Tuesday said that the MePGCL has decided to suspend the operation of vehicles for seven hours a day from 31/Lber/2 8/June/2024 is still a proposal.
Terumo Blood and Cell Technologies, which was instrumental in the conduct of this campaign.
Minister Rangbah Duh stressed that the health and safety of the students is important and should not be taken lightly in this regard.
By building good schools and the availability of learning materials, the government is committed to enabling the students to achieve the goals they have spent their lives in education.
The match between these teams was very strong, as no one could score the winning goal until the end of the match and the match ended 3-3
Dr. Marak also told about the bravery of Pa Togan Sangma when the French troops invaded Garo Hills.
Other winners were Daniel Nongkhlaw, Hubert Paliar and Banshanlang Terang in the 55 kg category.
“In achieving the goal of our Prime Minister, Narendra Modiji, a strong sports industry, the development of talented youth from the rural areas and to turn sports into a profitable industry. , players in the Khelo India tournament can now get government jobs.
He said that the cost for this project will be about Rs 50 lakh and they have now approached the Central Government Ministry for Small Paid, the NEC and the State Government. The union has decided that whether they receive or not, they will continue with this work.
Technology brings about change, said Minister Duh, citing the example of JAM which has benefited 800 million people without any interruption and also the technology platform which has empowered the workforce. The most common medicine in the world.
The Government of India opened a special borrowing facility in April, 2020 to meet the shortfall of Rs 1.10 lakh crore in revenue due to the implementation of GST.The Central Government borrowed through this These loans have been completed in 12 phases so far which started from 23rd March,
The purpose of this march is to raise awareness and inform the public that there is a phone number 14410 to help those who are in darkness of thought and for the District this number 9362748485 has been set up for the public. to call for help.
However, as soon as they reached the field, they were attacked by robbers who came in a group and carried weapons.
On the same day, the Governor also honored 7 leaders of these 5 men and 2 women who have completed the Himalayan Wood Badge Course.
Four of them died shortly afterwards and one died on the way to hospital.
Rashtriya Janta Dal (RJD) leader Manoj Jha, who is also an MP in the Rajya Sabha, recalled how Kumra played an important role in the formation of the Congress-led India Bloc. in the Lok Sabha elections.
Hek urged the EM of KHADC to allow these shops to reopen after they have provided the necessary documents according to the requirements set by the KHADC.
On the 20th of this month, Balsan S. Marak died at the Government Hospital in Tura and now this incident in Chokpot has happened again and this has angered the people of Garo Hills.
On the other hand, the KSU wants to know what is behind the word “Panchayat” instead of “Dorbar Shnong”. It is clear that even the government does not recognize the word “Dorbar Shnong”.
The introduction of this amendment to the Act will help prevent the rape of children and this is to protect women and children.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Langkynma Unit has expressed its deep sorrow and regret over the stingy and unfair treatment of the MeECL department in the area of ​​Nongjri, Kulang, Nonghyllam and Borsora.
Passah said that the union has been able to monitor this issue for a long time now that they have received the increase in the price of beverages and beverages. the day of the judgment they received.
The NGEA said that the daily collection of funds of the GHADC is too high and it has been increased to pay the salaries of the employees of the GHADC. After the collection of money by the GHADC, their right to salary has not been paid.
Shillong, Nailar 03: U Sosthenes Sohtun MLA of Jirang Constituency has written a letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek to demand that the government should upgrade the PHC Byrnihat to a PHC Byrnihat. Community Health Centre.
Because at the same time he was an MLA, Bah Massar was also a Minister in the state government.
This car has the number plate ML04-A-9
John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Chiefs of Meghalaya and Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, delivered a speech of encouragement in the presence of Chief Guest Dr Balajied Sing Syiem, King of the Kingdom of Khyrim.
BJP leaders from Ranikor who attended the meeting included German Nongsiang, former CEM of KHADC Manstudy Nongrem and others.
The Minister said that the construction of the installation of oxygen generating plants across the government health centers in the state is ongoing and will be completed in due course.
He died of Upper Mawprem suffering from high blood pressure, end stage renal disease and Covid pneumonia.
Regarding the report that a police officer in West Garo Hills District has tested positive, the police department said that so far no such case has tested positive. .
Electrical products, technology and communications, power generation, electric batteries and are also essential to India's commitment to avoid waste generation.
The President of the party, Bah Ivanlumlang Marbaning, congratulated and blessed these candidates. The following are the names of the candidates: The three MLA candidates of the PDF party who have been announced. Today they are Mr. Hilarius Pochen from 22 Nongkre.
On the other hand, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has urged all the people in Shillong to cooperate with the government and to stay indoors and not to go outside during this time. .
However, in the years 1966, when insurgency in Mizoram was intense, this military base became the center to fight insurgency in Mizoram.
In his speech, the Chief Secretary, who conducted the meeting, said that it is sad to see that India as a whole has been affected by terrorism.
She said that she has been directed to meet with the Personnel Department of the State Government to demand a correction on the Revised Guidelines.
Healthcare equipment-related activities in India are an important part of and will be required in India's healthcare sector.
Shillong, July 23: The Legislative Assembly on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of the State Legislative Assembly on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of the State Legislative Assembly. The construction of the house in Mawdiangdiang is ongoing and is expected to be opened within this year.
The officials and referees of the tournament were Junestar Kharbuli, Rupert Wankhar, Sumita Kshiar and Nick Nonglyer.
Shillong, June 09: The turnout of voters in Meghalaya to elect the two MPs from 1-Shillong LS and 2-Tura LS has reached 66 per cent, said the Chief Electoral Officer, P.S. Climb.
No one was injured in these incidents, said Dr. Lyngshiang.
Speaking to media on the occasion of the fourth anniversary of the MDA government, the Chief Minister said that there is a problem in the construction of the Shillong Medical College because the company I have received the job to build this collage but I have not been able to start this work.
Latest reports received by SP News Agency said that the government authorities may now temporarily revoke the passport of Bah Dorphang so that he cannot leave India.
According to these rules, no program shall be broadcast that insults children, and especially these programs for children shall not contain obscene language and violence.
What surprised the travelers was that the LuriLura Market of Hyndai Hynthai animals was found in a place called Iangtaser.
After the closure of the dam, the road has collapsed and is filled with pum pum,” he said.
Bless said that since it became clear that some people have started building a new building, the union has met with the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) and MUDA to find out the truth.
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that if the district is successful, the capital will be in Sohra.
Jowai, November 02: The Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU) has demanded that the HPCD should immediately stop the harassment and intimidation of the Khasi Pnar people living in the villages. Athukhal is located in Cachar District, Assam on the border with Manipur.
As we assist farmers by providing technology and other inputs to improve agriculture and boost the economy, we follow the principles of free competition.
If the OTS Scheme is implemented by forgiving 30% of the tax, the Government will lose about Rs 195 crore of public money.
The Pnar language was also published in a statement and the Pnar language was recognized as the Jaintia language in writing.
The purpose of the appointment is to start training in gymnastics so that Meghalaya can participate in this sport.
In her speech, the President said that the empowerment of women in social, economic and political affairs is essential for the achievement of the country's objective of it will be completed before
The Chief Minister said that the number of COVID-19 cases in the district is still low but we must be prepared in case of any incident and the Chief Minister has ordered to be prepared to fight against COVID-1 .
They were detained at Demthring today and when they searched their bodies, they found 10 grams of drugs.
He said that from the fiscal year 2022-23, the new scheme known as the North East Special Infrastructure Development Scheme (Roads) has been approved by the Cabinet of Ministers of the Union Government. previously combined with this scheme.
The party will also meet the CEM of JHADC to submit a petition in this regard.
Speaking to reporters at City Hut Dhaba, he said that this will be the new political party in Meghalaya where they will contest the 2023 elections.
“However, for more than a month there has been no sign of repairing these roads, especially the NH-6 which is the blood vessel of many states in India.
The party has asked the government to send an inquiry.
July 07: The Central Election Committee of the Congress Party (CEC) through Oscar Fernandes General Secretary today announced the names of the party candidates for the upcoming 2013 elections in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South has 19 MLAs from the opposition and 40 MLAs from the ruling MDA. The Khasi Hills Unit, under the leadership of its President, Samla Reebokstar Diengdoh, on Tuesday at about 3 pm, has been able to repatriate about nine foreigners who came to work without work permits. Investigation by the KSU South Khasi Hills Unit has revealed that these people are all from Karimganj district of Assam.
The Vice President of India, Jagdeep Dhankhar in his greeting message, congratulated all the people of India on this Easter. Jesus and this teaching is to love one another and this will bring unity in the country and among the nations.
Samla Arkibor Ranee, Assistant Secretary Samla Eamon Nongrum, Assistant Secretary Samla Damelari Ryntathiang, Samla Paul Ranee Social Secretary, Samla Arkin Khonglam, Assistant Social Sect Samla Nathaniel Chyne, Assistant Sport Sect Samla Aitisha Diengdoh, Education Secretary Samla Marbin Tariang, Assistant Education Sect Samla Iada Warjri, Publicity Secretary Samla Ivanstar Lyngwa, Assistant Publicity Sect Samla Bull Nongrum and Treasurer Samla War Balam.
Dr DD Lapang also spoke at the meeting.
She highlighted the important role of the Library in the preparation of many textbooks with the introduction of the National Education Policy (NEP). you Libraty.
Jowai, Jymmang 07: Three vehicles have overturned at the same place on the NH-44 due to the poor condition of the NH-4 , East Jaintia Hills District , Meghalaya.
Dr Janak Jhankar Narzari explained that the situation in the North East has lagged behind in the field of literature, although the spirit of the youth continues to grow and from time to time the new talents of and the barrier was still shylluit at the time.
It is undeniable that the people of Jaintia Hills especially in East Jaintia Hills are facing many difficulties in coming and going, and many of the works that they wanted to complete but they cannot complete in one day, just because of the Even the employees of the DC's office have complained that they are late to come to the office because they are affected on the road because of the block of vehicles just because of the bad condition of the road.
On the other hand, the BJP MP said that these demands will be discussed with the Prime Minister of India after the Assembly elections in Madhya Pradesh.
Shillong, Nailar 09: The Secretary Finance to the Government of Meghalaya, Sanjay Goyal today launched the Direct Benefit Transfer Portal for the State.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: There are 28 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 18 cases in Ri Bhoi District and 3 cases in Ri Bhoi. there are 318 of them.
You have been awarded the Kynsai Kordor 2023 Khusnam for your great contribution in the field of reading, writing and music.
On the first Sunday after the second day all the parishes around the country will hold a blessing on the cemeteries within their parishes and will also bless all the cemeteries in the villages. different.
In doing so, the Central Government should set a curfew for the use of military forces in the area.
When this health center is completed, it will benefit thousands of tourists.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 49 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state and 30 cases in Shillong alone.
Can you imagine that the words of this saint written a hundred years ago have become a reality today.
The BJP has also announced to contest Adrosho Sangma for the mid-term MLA elections from the 48-Selsella Assembly Constituency.
These things happened because the Congress Government at that time took responsibility, even though the war has ended for 46 years in this country, we have not seen that the Government will repatriate these Hindu refugees. This shows that the Indian government helped Bangladesh at that time only because the Hindus in Bangladesh were the targets of the Pakistani army.
Public money has been spent on fighting cases on this issue in the High Court and Supreme Court.
This will help to restore the identity of India that we have lost along with the restoration of other species and their habitats.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, CEM of KHADC Bah HS Shylla said that after discussion between those who want the road and those who oppose the road, the meeting has taken The current decision is that “No Objection Certificate will be issued until it is resolved”.
As of Tuesday, 112 candidates have registered in the two Assemblies, 56 candidates in JHADC and 56 candidates in KHADC. Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, June 14: The KSU Pawphlang Area Unit has organized the 1st Maitshaphrang Football Tournament, 2019 to bring together the youth of the area and to promote the talents of the youth of the area. " The tournament will be closed on Saturday 13/04/2
Other dignitaries who were present on the occasion were Bah JSO Dohlieng Finance Secretary, Kong I Kharbudon Asst.House Mother Tbn W.Kharkongor. Tbn E.B Lyngdoh, and also received songs from these children from these two places.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Gaigondin Panmei, Financial Advisor, North Eastern Council, Shillong said that such programs conducted by the BOC will help to reach many churches, especially the people living in the areas. rural areas and more remote parts of the state.
The HNLC said that many of the losses to government property have been blamed on the youths without finding out the facts and arresting them and this has put the families in trouble. They have to run around to bail out their children and many of them are people from poor families.
Regarding the peace and order, the government and the police department are very vigilant in this regard.
The parking lot near the Umtyngar Bridge has been closed by installing barriers to prevent vehicles from entering.
The Demthring Sport Club, Demthring Sport Club, has held a Youth Leadership Program on 31st May, 2014 at the Community Hall of the village.
He also expressed his desire that the NLU will become a Center of Excellence for research on the legislation of the customs and traditions of the North Eastern Region of India.
It was also decided to allow the opening of tourist attractions in the state in compliance with the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. ai Right.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Peter A Dohkrud, Muktiar of Shillong, said that the PIL will be filed on 16th November Jose Abraham, the judge of the Supreme Court.
On the same day, an oxygen filling station was also inaugurated at Umsawli.
The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Tuesday demanded that the Police Department of the State Government should provide clarification regarding the promotion and appointment of Police Officers within the Police Department.
This is followed by a section on policies related to the space economy.
North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday expressed his opposition and strong condemnation to the people involved in the sale of drugs near the Sweeper Lane. Bhutia Market on Tuesday which was recorded by visitors and posted on social media.
Because on this day, several Union Ministers will visit 50 KVKs to talk to the farmers and inform them about various schemes of the department.
Shillong, July 27: The Cabinet today approved the appointment of a full time Managing Director of the Meghalaya Energy Cooperation Limited (MEC) and the Minister in charge of Electricity will be the Chairman of the Corporation. .
During the inspection, the doctors in charge of the hospital were able to meet with the doctors and the hospital is currently preparing the necessary facilities for the fight against the disease.
It is impossible to describe in words how difficult it is for the shopkeepers and passers-by.
His visit to the state is significant even though the BJP does not have an MLA in the state, but there is an NPP party which works with the central government.
Police also seized the ID cards of the GNLA leaders from the area.
The implementation of the NDR was inaugurated on 28th July, 2017 at the DGH office, Noida.
On the other hand, the CEO said that many times the people refrain from voting in the MP elections. part in the but.
At this time, 100 people entered the house and committed the robbery.
At the same time, the MGNSA has demanded the filling of the posts of ANM and other demands and at the same time the MGNSA has demanded that the government should announce the results. and to install a new service rule.
Meghalaya receives 80% of its total revenue from the Central Government.
“On the day he stabbed my mother, he ran away from the house, but the next day he came back and entered the house and I saw it because I was standing there.
Small vehicles are no longer suitable for driving.
Walking the path of our responsibilities, we must take our country to new heights in the next 10 years.
He said no one can take the law into their own hands.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The KSU Narpuh Circle and KSU Khliehriat Circle have blocked the tollgate at Lumshnong East Jaintia Hills.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has ordered the National Highway Authority (NHAI) to immediately repair the NH-6 in Lumshnong.
Tens of thousands of people from all over the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum as well as from abroad have come to witness the Behdeinkhlam festival.
The Union's members have not been granted bail even after a meeting with the Minister of Food Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs, Bah Coming One Ymbon on the 27th. November, 2023.
The Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills, today said that the Chief Judicial Magistrate has handed over Benrad N Marak to the police for further investigation for seven days. .
When questioned by the BSF, the arrested persons confessed that they were residents of Baghmara and were carrying shini in a Bolero Pickup. They were handed over to the Baghmara Police Station for further investigation. do what is right according to the law.
He said the Alliance aims to bring about cooperation to strengthen the production and use of sustainable biofuels, to open up the trade in biofuels and other activities in collaboration with groups from different countries. different workers in the biofuel industry.
Anyone interested can send a Miss Call to No.011-22901701 to get all the information.
Speaking at a public meeting today, the Chief Minister said that Meghalaya has been recognized as one of the best fish farming areas, but no one has explained this. The farmers have not benefited from this farming.
Am.
“If the BJP government needs the President to pass the CAA, the KSU also has its own CAB known as Chase All Bangladeshis which we bring to you village leaders and the people. to enact a law to combat the influx of Bangladeshis due to the Citizenship Amendment Act,
Shillong, Jymmang 30: Four persons from Meghalaya who were stranded in Bangladesh due to the curfew have been able to return home on the 28th of this month. The Rapid Diagnostic Test (RDT) was conducted at Tamabil in Dawki, West Jaintia Hills District.
The inspection was led by President Dapmain Suchiang, General Secretary Franky Shylla and members of the CHC.
Speaking to reporters, the Speaker of the House said that he has received this letter from the MLA of Mowkaiaw, that he has withdrawn from supporting the government of Mowkaiaw. Dr Mukul Sangma and now the House has to set a seat for him in the opposition.
The statement said that the public was banned from entering the area this morning.
New Delhi, June 10: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today directed all States and UTs to display printers and publishers of political information. which include hoardings, in order to have transparency in the spending of funds on training activities for the electorate.
Nongpoh United Democratic Party MAYRALBORN SYIEM (WINNER),
Shillong, July 11: The President of the Raij Jowai today said that the Behdeinkhlam festival has started since October and is still going on.
Shillong, Iaiong 03: No one was injured in a collision between an army bus and a dumper truck carrying stone on GS Road, Ryngdang.
The College has been selected as the Center for the Under Graduate Examination from 2018-19 onwards by the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) on 16th November. year through the Controller of Examinations TK Singha.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today laid the foundation stone of the Ayush Hospital at Wahshari, Sohra.
It is learned that the Society has built the houses but has not been able to complete them.
Chairman (SPIKAP) Bah John F Kharshiing, in his speech, said that the whole world is in a heated discussion on the state of the Mei-ram-ew and mankind will have to think carefully on how to He lives with nature and one of them is to ensure that the Kyntang Law, Adong Law, Kur Law, Raid Law, Hima Law, will survive. Garo we are fortunate because our ancestors have shaped the future on a solid foundation by establishing these special forests for us future generations and it is our duty to try to preserve and protect them. pass it on to the next generation.
The State has done many things for the development of the State as a whole. It is to be recalled that the State has already built the By Pass, National Highway 4 Lane National Highway Shillong near Tura. He said that Meghalaya comes second in the country in terms of agriculture and especially agriculture. He also congratulated Bah Hopingsto Lyngdoh, Bah BB Lyngdoh, Bah Niochols Roy, Bah W Sanma, Bah GG Swer and others. After the independence of the state, Indira Gandhi founded the state of Meghalaya.
Also present on the occasion were the Symbut CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem, Executive Members of KHADC, MLAs, Chief Executive Members from different Himas, Rangbah Shnongs and Chiefs of different Himas. The Monolith Festival 2024 will be held in Mawphlang.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 23: The Indian National Congress (INC) has won three constituencies in Ri Bhoi District including former MPCC Chief Minister Dr DD Lapang and former MPCC President Dr Celestine Lyngdoh. The MDC from Nongpoh won from Umsning and the MDC from Umroi.
According to Rule 135 of the Rules of Procedure of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, it has made it clear that to bring about a no confidence motion against the Shnongknor, he must be supported by the members of the Legislative Assembly. the shiphew members of the One-Fifth House.
His dream is not just personal but collective, set with an aim to inspire more residents to embrace the transformative power of sports.
The time has also come for a clear dialogue from all sides to hear the 'suggestions' to resolve this issue that we as the citizens of Meghalaya, and the people of North East are facing. current in terms of electricity demand.
He said that there are many opportunities to promote exports which people do not take care of and in this regard, he urged everyone to do what is necessary.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Paul said that the Government has already declared war on drugs. “Recently, many of these things that have happened are hidden, but they have been revealed. The operation of the Puit and the arrest of offenders prosecuted under the PITNDPS Act, 1988, where cases are currently in the process of being decided and sent to the Advisory Board, which will sit. The Model Code of Conduct (MCC) has been adopted.
The Prime Minister spoke about the North Eastern State of Meghalaya, which became the first state to have its own water policy.
In another development, Bah M. Marpna, Presiding Officer, has been arrested by the police after being found drunk while on duty, said Sanjay Goyal, Returning Officer. Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
The parties that won the elections to the Legislative Assembly of the State in 1997 were the People Democratic Movement. ( PDM).
Avoid riding in uncovered or unsecured vehicles such as motorcycles, golf carts, and more.
They were identified as James Obafore Omeya, 32, and Paul Chidiebare Omeya, 28, both from Nigeria.
On the other hand, the KSU Jaiaw Circle would like to extend its full support to the Dorbar Shnong Lumdiengjri after we have seen clearly through the media the sudden departure of the leaders of this village on the 24th, October
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister said that their visit to the party is to see the work of the party and what the party has done has attracted the attention of the people. Former Jirang MDC William L Mynsong has joined the NPP party. Supporters of these MDCs were also present to witness the ceremony. Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 16 people have tested positive for COVID-1 , East Khasi Hills 8, North Garo Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 1, South West Garo Hills 1, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 2, West Jaintia Hills
On behalf of the Hima Mawphlang, the French dignitaries were welcomed by Minister S Sohliya, other members of the Hima and accompanied by the Hima Mawphlang. Bah Tambor Lyngdoh, founder of Mawphlang Sustainable Tourism Societies.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that no new cases of COVID-19 have been tested positive in Meghalaya. All of them are from East Khasi Hills District.
He recalled his speech from the Red Fort on the occasion of Independence Day and said that there comes a time in the history of any country when the country's ideology comes alive.
The program will focus on the main issues on which the Government will demand the implementation of “Health FREEDOM” and the end of this tyranny of the people. who shall live freely in his own country and nation, which is also a Democratic Country.
At the public meeting, Myntri Rangbah Duh inaugurated, handed over and laid the foundation stone of projects worth more than T.2450 crore.
On the other hand, PA Sangma expressed his satisfaction that the people have welcomed him by laying flowers. hands of the Congress.
This is a universal Entrance-cum-Eligibility Test for undergraduate medical admissions (MBBS, BDS, etc.) in all medical institutions around the world.
On this occasion, Bah Blah said that the celebration of this day is for the officers to look and judge for themselves what they have done.
In the past years, Myanmar has been used to export human hair to these countries. The hair is sent to these countries to make wigs and there is a demand for these wigs. strongly in international markets.
Your advisor is Bah Khroo.
The KSU has been strongly opposed to the railway issue since 1989 under the leadership of Bah Bull N Lyngdoh which has received the full support of the people and continues to this day. Without any strict and strong laws to curb the infiltration of mynder, the railway will be an opportunity and a way to facilitate the infiltration of mynder into the Bri U Hunniewtrep.
It is learned that Opus Production after receiving the permission from the MTDF has proceeded to prepare for the festival as without the permission of the MTDF they cannot hold the festival.
Speaking to the youth, Dr Jitendra Singh said that during the booming tourism industry, there is a shortage of accommodation in the area where accommodation such as hotels. they increase the price many times over.
During the inspection, it was found that the Passbook Printing Machine has been installed and this was confirmed after a demonstration by the Branch Manager of the Bank Branch. you have become a shisha machine.
This was stated by Bah Atiar Syiemlieh, Chairman of the Sohra District Demand Forum.
Shillong, November 24: Those who already have Aadhaar and want to apply now, can file an affidavit before the Supreme Court; Those who have been forced in many ways to have Aadhaar, who may be various government authorities, banks, village authorities and others, can also file an affidavit.
Mahendraganj Police have arrested Subodh Hajong and Luis Ch.
Speaking on the objective of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Forum and Meghalaya Tourist to bring about environmental protection and cleanliness, he said we should start bringing cleanliness first in Khyndailad and other places where tourists visit. They see what Shillong is like in order to attract more and more tourists and to promote Shillong once again.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 16 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 13 from East Khasi Hills and 2 from West Khasi Hills. There are 335 people in Shitom.
The survey focuses on diarrheal diseases as they play the largest role in the burden of WASH-related diseases.KaViniMahajan, Secretary, Drinking Water and Sanitation, Jal Shakti, and Dr Rajiv Bahl, Secretary, Department of Health Research, Director General, Dr Roderico H. Ofrin, WHO Representative to India were also present on the occasion.
With a distance of 80 kilometres, this is one of the 18 events in the NEOG 2022 which was held outside Shillong where cyclists also had the opportunity to see the surroundings and the roads are good since the beginning of this day.
In the midst of their grief and tears, the relatives of these two youths have asked them to return home.
If Manipur doesn't have ILP, why doesn't Meghalaya have ILP?
Shillong, November 02: A committee from Assam today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to request him to talk to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. The Assam government on their demand for the establishment of a Khasi Jaintia Development Committee in Assam.
Stating that the tech ecosystem in general and Internet in particular has evolved significantly after Information Technology Act (IT Act) came into being in 2000, Shri Rajeev Chandrasekhar said that the new law has to be evolvable and consistent with changing market trends, disruption in technologies , and keep in mind protection of digitalfrom user harm.
For the safety of the tourists, Section 144 CrPC has been enforced which prohibits people from turning to these illegal coke factories about one kilometer near the factories. work with the authorities of the law.
Police from Mawsynram police station said the incident happened at 4 pm.
“Seng Leader Bah Wyraiwan Sohtun in an interview with the media said, “According to the right to speak, you have the right to speak, to express but you cannot speak too much. discredit and that you’ll just create ways to discredit and discourage something that people are working hard for the public good.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: For the first time, the Central Silk Board (CSB) has appealed to the Dorbar Shnong to take the necessary measures to talk to the MeECL. The Mini Resham Krishi Mela was held in Meghalaya today for the farmers of Rynia. The fair was held at Lawsohtun Research Extension Center for the farmers of Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Donbok Kharlyngdoh Converner Adhoc Committee in his speech at the meeting said, “Two months ago I experienced the nations but I support them all and I believe that the nations are mawlynnai”. Kharlyngdoh is one of the leaders of the KSU Mawlai Circle but he has been expelled from the party.
As a continuation of the ongoing Malaria training, more than 50 Malaria Trainers, members of Laitkroh C&RD Block have received one day training on how to help and advise those who suffer from malaria which is one of the most deadly diseases in India.
At the same time, he said that they are now working on how to get the recognition from the government for these people who can provide herbal medicines in an orderly manner.
Bah Paul said the important thing is to open the door for writers and the public to spread the stories to the world so that they can witness for themselves the uniqueness of the State.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 1556, with 29 recoveries today, 4 cases in East Khasi Hills, 4 cases in Ri Bhoi, 11 cases in South Garo Hills and 10 cases in West Garo Hills.
On the other hand, the Minister said that if it falls outside the Eco Sensitive Zone, the government will not be able to ban it. but it is not yet known.
Shillong, Naiweing 16: The Khasi New Year was celebrated at the Riti Academy, Jaiaw Langsning, Shillong on the afternoon of 15th November,
The group stands in support of Dr. Vijay Kumar D, Commissioner and Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, Planning Department and CMD, Meghalayan Age Limited. make thy name known.
“Through the acceptance of taxpayers and the acceptance of assessees of technology, India has brought a market to India.
This has put the people in a difficult situation especially those who apply for loans to build houses.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh, MLA and chief guest on the occasion, said that we should be prepared to change our attitudinal changing so that if any problem comes we can face it. win and progress in all aspects.
The main objectives of this media tour are to provide an opportunity for journalists to see for themselves the progress of various central government schemes implemented in Meghalaya and to provide an opportunity to report on various activities. implemented by central government departments and to see how the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra IEC Vans provide information on the implementation of various schemes in Meghalaya.
He said that the government has already paid the railway fare from those people of the state who will return to their home state from those states where they are.
Only the leaders of NESO will attend the rally from 11 am to 2 pm.
KSU President Daniel Khryiem said that the KHADC is ready to start this work this year and it is gratifying that the Council has increased the allocation to T .25 crore.
Pyndapborthiaw Saibon was re-elected as the President of KHNAM, Thomas Passah as the Working President and other members.
On the other hand, the Speaker of the KHADC Legislative Assembly has requested the members of the Legislative Assembly to cooperate and has informed the Legislative Assembly to follow up on the Bills passed by the Legislative Assembly. to pass law.
M.Jamini Devi that Smt.
What has pleased the party is that many of the residents of the area have pledged their full support to Bah Air Marshall.
Of this, T.65,582.96 crore has been released to the States and T.6,417.04 crore to the three UTs without Legislative Assemblies.
Shillong, July 28: The JSU strongly condemns the statement of the Prime Minister that he has nothing to do with the Environmental Clearance of Star Cement but the JSU does not accept this secret.
Saying she is raped by many has nothing of the sort.
Regarding the name, the government will put it and he requested the prime minister to include it in the current budget session for the benefit of the people of the area.
Mr. Nongmaithem Suraj Singh, Anshu Jamsenpa from Arunachal Pradesh who has climbed Mangkashong twice.
He said that in this state, the kurs have a great role, from the khaddar rule where they come from the kurs, or in relation to the kur land, and to the election of Nongmihkhmat as Syiems. Priests, Dolloi, Ministers, Basan, Pator, and others.
In conclusion, the KSU sent this message to the government, “Don't build the railway line too much now, but work day and night to build the ILP gates in the state, otherwise you will face Shillong, July 27: The Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, in his speech at the ceremony, said that the protests have been held by Donal V Thabah. Speaking at the celebration of the 72nd Republic Day in Shillong at Polo, he said the government has decided to work for the development of the tribal and non-tribal citizens of Meghalaya.
At the venues of the festival there will be a performance of traditional dances, songs, dances and strawberry seeds will also be sold. the villagers.
In terms of Cut offs, this may vary depending on the student's merit pattern.
All civil society organizations are urged to inform the police if they arrest anyone suspected of being a drug user or drug dealer.
Chief Guest at the meeting, Goods and Services Tax (GST) Commissioner, Shillong, C Songate said that the GST collection in the State is higher than before the COVID-19 pandemic and is at the highest level. Speaking at a workshop today, he spoke about the recent directive of the Government of India to open trade in all GST Commissioner in the country, including Meghalaya.
I urge you now that on the 2nd of March we will have a ban on the use of plastic in the country.
The Minister of State, Bah Hek, said that the government and the authorities in charge of NEIGRIHMS would like to thank the villagers of Mawkasiang for being willing to accept the staff of NEIGRIHMS to stay in the village. .
Shillong, Nailur 05: Various political parties including the KSU, FKJGP, HYC, HNYF and Malki Youth Association will hold a Peace Rally and Candle Light for the cause of The meeting will be held at Madan Malki on 7/9/21 at 2:00 pm.
The total number of students who wrote the SSLC examination was 54134, 30,208 students passed which means that only 55.80% of the students who wrote the SSLC examination, including those who wrote regular and those who wrote private, of these males. There were 12657 passes and 17551 female passes.
The Department aims to promote rapid and sustainable skills development to achieve 'Skilled India'
The district authorities should have arrested the officers and employees of the Atomic Minerals Directorate before searching the members of the union for illegally working in the area and according to the decision of the government during the meeting. The party has promised not to proceed on the issue of uranium.
Shillong, March 23: Bah Malinson Rangsa, 85, has been missing since the 14th of this month and his whereabouts are still unknown.
At this meeting, the Board Meeting unanimously decided to hold a two day workshop on 7th & 8th November 2018 for all the Referees who live within the boundary of Mawkynrew Constituency and The closing date for receipt of nominations will be on 4th November 2018. The Mawkynrew Cup Committee invites all youths between the ages of 17 – 30 years who live within the boundary of Mawkynrew Constituency who wish to apply. For more information, please call: 8837469962 /
She urged the churches, villages and various organizations to take action especially the parents to protect their children as the police alone cannot do anything without the cooperation.
NG Shylla, Secretary of the State Information Commission, W Nongsiej, Additional DGP BR Rana, IGP Baqh HNongpluh, AIGP GK Iangrai and L Syiem. , Principal, PTS, were the explainers of the training on the RTI Act,
Conrad said that such an arrangement by the NTA has deprived the students of Meghalaya of the opportunity to continue their studies at Central Universities across the country.
On the other hand, Bah FD Ramsiej in his speech said that it is something that he cannot imagine even though the UDP has already announced his name as the MLA candidate from Umroi. Bah Mangara Pathaw said that this incident was a mismanagement.
They are Sanfida Nongrum, Sunalinda Iawren and Wandashia Marwein.
The Director of NIT, Dr BB Biswal, honored the graduates.
That shop gives light.
To attract entrepreneurs, the Cabinet has also approved to introduce changes in the Meghalaya Industrial Promotion Development Policy of the government.
In the city, even if the road is not cleaned, it is cleaned 2/3 times a year while in the countryside, if the vehicles stop and spring in the middle of the road, the government you don't believe it.
He said that at the meeting, the Seng demanded that the CEM should set up a thorough inquiry by summoning the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah to explain how the Society has the power to issue NoC to the people living inside the Society. by RR Colony.
Many government officials have attended the meeting to hold a two minute silence.
Other states like Nagaland and Mizoram also have similar powers under Articles 371(A) and 371 (G) but only on customs, land and religion and not on other areas.
“These people are illegally getting electricity, water supply without any payment.
Police said they will start an investigation into the incident when the mother recovered. At present they cannot investigate as she is still in critical condition. .
As usual every year, there was a prayer at Wahtapbroo village with a dance and from here they marched until they reached the Khasi Seng Hall Mawkhar where they were welcomed by the group. Khasi leader.
There are 32 recoveries today, 94067 recoveries, 96183 positive cases and 1613 deaths. yet.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Minister of Tourism, Paul Lyngdoh in the presence of Chief Secretary, Donald P Wahlang launched the Hello Meghalaya campaign at a function held at Lariti. Performance Center is located in Mawkasiang.
The Chief Minister said that in a meeting with the Chief Minister of Assam, he said that there should be no interference on the border, to keep the promise that there should be no interference on the border which means “Status Quo”. ".
An ASHA from Kyrdem PHC has been paid up to T.82,000 thousand for her hard work and honorarium for the past six months.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Bailey Bridge at Dwar Ksuid, which was inaugurated on 25th October 2021 by the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, has been closed for one year. on the Shillong Bypass.
“At present, there are only a few farmers but I encourage others to come forward and take up strawberry farming as one of the ways to increase their income,” he said.
Shillong, July 13: The struggle within the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) to replace the leader is not over.
Why do I say this because in 2016 not only the BJP supported us but even the Tribal Affairs Minister went to campaign with me, and the Prime Minister won nearly 2 lakh votes and broke the record in Garo Hills, " he added.
Also present on the occasion were President Kyrmen Shylla, General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh, Working President Paul Lyngdoh and other office bearers of the party. party everyone is there only.
Shillong, July 22: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 421 people have tested positive for COVID-19 and the total number of cases in the state has risen to
Of all the payments in the world last year, 40% of digital payments were in India, he said.
“According to the preliminary report, they said that the bridge is still stable and only the bearings of the bridge need to be replaced with new ones.
“To take this decision, as it is a matter of life and death, it would be better to take the voice of the people.
Bah LG Nongsiej congratulated the people of Nongstoin constituency who elected him as their MDC and his appointment as Chairman of the KHADC. the constituency.
Sixth –Have empathy for the people who work with you in the workplaces from your factories.
They said that this ambulance is a blessing to them because they have suffered many times when they have no problems and they don't feel sad because it takes tens of hours to find a vehicle.
Diral said that the trade license of foreigners has become too light because even people from Assam can come to Mawsynram to buy kwai im. This shows that the CEM and EC are not responsible for the arrival. Foreigners have entered the constituency of the CEM because they don't have time to check their trading licences.
It may be recalled that the PDA has nominated Grace Kharpuri for the CEM election, but she did not come to the House. For the Deputy Chairman election, they nominated Bah Morningstar Mawsor but not before. When the time came for the vote to be held, Bah Morningstar withdrew from the contest.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has congratulated Rio on his assumption of office as the Chief Minister of Nagaland on the day of the elections. .
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Congress party in the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council ( Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council ) has lost only 12 seats in the MDC election. The UDP has won the most MDC seats in Jaintia Hills. This is the first time that the UDP has won the most number of independent candidates in Jaintia Hills. They have won 9 seats in the House.
The ceremony was attended by the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Kur Ka Bri U Hynniewtrep and the youth leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council.
It is the duty of this MP to work hard to ensure that the Sixth Schedule becomes stronger.
According to the report, the RBYDSO has 13 departments across the Ri Bhoi District, including Zones, Circles and Units. The offices of the party from across Ri Bhoi district have not reached the two units and circles , so after a thorough review of the percentage of attendance of the members , and the rules and regulations for the election of office bearers of the party to elect the new office bearers of the committee and it was decided to hold the election meeting on the 26th of this month at Nongpoh.
This website contains information on the schemes of the State Government and the schemes of the Central Government which have been implemented through the State Government. directly to the people who deserve it.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: A mini bus from Ri Bhoi district has allegedly collided with a freight vehicle at Mawiong this morning at 9:00 pm. the bus went to tynrah again to the well.
SHILLONG, July 29: The Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) together with its members, has started doing charity work by donating money to the children of AW Thomas Jones. The country is located in Jaïa Lumsyntiew.
Rambrai MDC Banjop Pyngrope, former KHADC MDC Ban Basaiawmoit and former KHADC MDC Ban Basaiawmoit have also attended the rally. he gave a speech.
“Nalanda is not just a name, it is a personality, an honour.
Every player who represents the country is a champion.
Indian startups have benefited from an increase in investors and supporters as well as collaboration between startups, companies and universities.
There are 74 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 35 from West Jaintia Hills and 14 from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of recoveries so far is after.
Shillong, November 18: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today said that Myllung Soso Tham is a prophet and this is evident from his writings.
In addition, what kind of goods should be produced and in what quantity and what kind of goods are still unsold and how much and so on.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The District Council Affairs (DCA) today sent a notice to the Governor of Meghalaya regarding the holding of elections to the two District Councils in KHADC and JHADC. The Commissioner and Secretary of DCA, Bah J Lyngdoh, told SP News Agency that the government has sent a letter to the government for the approval of the Governor. It is related to the appointment of new MDCs.
At this meeting, it was recalled that HSPDP leader Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh and Cliford R. Marak, who had eaten kwai at the door of God, had worked together and sent a petition on this demand. long to facilitate this cooperation.
All telecom service providers must ensure that the radiation from mobile towers (BTS) does not exceed the limit and put people at risk.
Furthermore, the Langdoh Niam of Mukhla, Wanbha Lyngdoh, gave a speech on the importance of preserving the religion and customs and traditions of our ancestors.
Major Manlun sacrificed his life for the sake of the country in the fight against the ULFA(I) on July 6, 2017 in Mon district of Nagaland bordering Myanmar.
The students' union will meet with the Vice Chancellor of the university to demand that NEHU should complete the appointment of full time teachers so that it will not be counted. If the money for this university is not accounted for, it will affect the students.
The Assembly Secretariat has issued the notice to the Leader of the Opposition.
This is according to a statement sent by the CEM of KHADC, Bah TW Chyne.
Union Minister in charge of Jal Shakti, CR Paatil, Minister of State for Home Affairs, Nityanand Rai, Union Home Secretary, Secretaries of Departments of River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation Highways, Chairperson Railway Board, members and heads of NDMA departments, Directors General of NDRF and IMD, Chairman NHAI and officers from relevant departments of the CWC attended the meeting.
“In these months, it has not increased even a little, but now in November it has increased to a higher level,” he said.
There are 60 cases in the state and 8 cases in hospitals, 5 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South Garo Hills and 1 case in West. Garo Hills
The Commissioner and Secretary of the Legislative Assembly, Dr Andrew Saimos, read out the invitation to the newly elected MLAs to come forward to take the oath. you swear.
George said that although the report has been submitted to him in June, the government has not yet done anything regarding the report. I will ask for an explanation from the police.
Every city, Gram Panchayat, all Government departments such as Civil Aviation, Railways, Information and Technology and others, groups working in community related activities will open up cleanliness activities. by the public.
Shillong, July 11: Parents of schools are now in doubt when they will get school books especially for the three subjects, English, Science and Mathematics and Social Science which the government has approved to use. NCERT books as many schools have started distributing books from the 15th of this month to the students.
During the meeting, the Minister promised to build a Tura DLA Amphitheater and another monument to Woh Kiang Nangbah in Lad. Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Meghalaya Basin Management Agency (MBMA) in collaboration with the Pasture Institute has organized a blood donation drive to celebrate the Environment Month. was held today.
Shillong, November 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Conrad K Sangma today tested positive for COVID-1
The Principal of the school, while talking to reporters, said that this happened during the school hours as usual, but at this time one of the students The school which was walking behind collapsed and those who were walking in front did not find any movement and this caused many injuries.
Besides, he said that the blockade of agricultural vehicles along the Ratacherra road has affected them a lot and has caused them to lose money as many of the jhur have rotted before they reach their destination.
Following the first programme, the Presidency held a three-day regional workshop on International Taxation from 3 to 5 March, 2023 in collaboration with the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank, in the Asia Pacific. Tax Hub framework.
The Seng also expresses its surprise why while the HNLC members are arrested, they are accused of being extortionists, criminals, while the Police Department releases its own people involved in corruption. “It doesn't demand money on the streets and it doesn't have a clean operation in the use of money,” said Bah GK Ïangrai.
In 2005, she worked at the Central Institute of Hindi (Agra) for the preparation of the Hindi-Khasi Contrastive Grammar.
In his speech, Br Vairagyachaitanyau welcomed all the participants and reminded the teachers of the glory that Swami Vivekananda brought to the country and urged them to that they may follow his teachings so that they may have a fruitful life.
The Umngi River floods Balat village every year during the rainy season and many people have fled Balat since the past few years and this flooding of people will continue. If the government does not do anything to build a dam to prevent the flooding.
The GST allows countries to monitor the implementation of the Paris Agreement to monitor progress in achieving the objectives of the Agreement and its ambitious targets.
Mawpayier, Nongkhusar, Mawdoh, Mawroh Umkatha, Mawrongtein, Sawtalad, Umiong, Mawpayier, Mawdumdum, Nongkhusar, Mawpayier say, Mawlum Nginiong, Mawbykong, Mawlieh, Mawphanshiar.
Two of these facilities produce locally produced vaccines to fight COVID-19 and the third facility produces many vaccines.
On the other hand, Bah Shylla said that he expects that the JHADC will not delay in passing the ILP as we have done in KHADC. .
" and through the fruits of victory Ka Kong Lakyntiew Syiemlieh will continue to encourage and encourage other students to continue to work hard so that they should not lose heart and drop out of part-time education. I am also pleased to hear that Kong Lakyntiew Syiemlieh, despite her age, is still continuing her studies and wearing uniform. She has a desire to continue her studies by improving her subject. Khasi how to improve and enrich the Khasi language.
The Commission stressed the importance of monitoring the prevention of the smuggling of illegal goods such as narcotics, firearms and explosives from the border areas of the country.
To issue an order that no buyer shall pay a fee after purchase of goods.
Those who were awarded the honors were Bah Gerry Warjri from Sawmer Shiteng, who was able to identify the number of the truck which hit two people on a bike on the 10th. of July in Upper Shillong.
On the other hand, Dr Mukul said that his job is to find opportunities for the people in terms of employment outside the government jurisdiction.
In his speech, the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Paim, PM Syiem said that in these years, although the Khasi Hima have signed the IOA, they have not signed the soskular to entered India and this remains to this day.
It is not the duty of the legislators to go to the Secretariat or the Assembly to speak, to submit tenders, to build land, to install gates, but it is their duty to make laws to protect the people. the government should not play with the issues of the nation.
According to the relatives, Bah Estar had a white face, blue hair, was wearing a blue shirt, blue shirt, blue jacket, blue tracksuit. , he was wearing a blue tupia and blue slippers.
Mohun Bagan reached the semi-finals after beating Salgaocar FC of Goa, while Shillong Lajong reached the semi-finals after beating East Bengal 4-0
The opening ceremony was attended by the Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, Bah John F Kharshiing as the chief guest, along with the Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, Isawanda Laloo IAS, the General Secretary of the Olympic Association. MSOA Finely L Pariat, SAI Shillong Assistant Director PS Chauhan and Assam Boxing Association President Kamal Goyary.
In Garo Hills, 286 people have come to live in shelters prepared by the government due to the floods, all of them in Zikzak Block 286 people.
He said that the award is not the end of the day but the beginning of the work for the development of the nation and the state as a whole.
Virendra Khatribad and AtulNikamki congratulated all the Deputy Directors, District Youth Officers, Accounts, Program Assistants, volunteers of NYKS and NSS and all the members of youth organizations/leaders who completed the examination. this program which was also successful.
The recognition and relationship of the Dorbar Kur / or Seng Kur in relation to those who have been recognized and authorized to perform the 'tang jait'
On the other hand, the WFA leader said that in the past, there was a peaceful settlement in the area known as Rithang but because of the political activities, it is only for the sake of power. The farmland to clean these pipes will reach this limit.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The Department of Arts and Culture of the State Government of Meghalaya has organized a festival to promote the culture and traditions of the Khasi, Pnar and Garo people at the State Central Library today.
Sirdar Hima Mawdon, Secretary, Federation of Khasi States, in his opening speech, u Bah H Skhemlon, Sirdar Hima Mawdon, in his opening remarks, urged the Kurs of Lum Lang to be vigilant. The country and the nation and the goal of the Dorbar is that the kurs should wake up and understand the value of being a Khasi kur.
At the same time, all Dorbar Kurs or Seng Kurs are requested to send the names, office addresses, mobile numbers of the office bearers such as President/Chairman and Secretary of the Kur.
These beliefs are what make us the people of India.
These illegal residents are not entitled to any assistance.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Secretary of Mutapur Village, Bah B Buam, on Saturday, said that the Bangladesh Border Guard (BGB) troops of Bangladesh entered the village and stopped the construction of the road. village.
The blessing of the students of Meghalaya is that they know English well and this helps them to get jobs abroad, but what they need is what they don't get trained in. college, is the way of talking about how to use the language that they have with them.
He said the union also urges the Minister to take action against the harassment of drivers of state vehicles by the Shillong Traffic Police who park commercial vehicles at Khyndai Lad.
“This place is not at a very high altitude but it is enough to be recognized as a high altitude training centre.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Government of India has transformed India from electricity shortage in 2013 to electricity supply.
He said that it is urgent to get clarity and protection from the laws passed by Parliament which start to violate the rights of the country and the people especially in relation to land, forests. , mountains, and legislative processes.
The union said that many of the people of this area cannot get assistance from the government due to the lack of special allocations for Umdohlun, Wahkaji, Phlangdiloin and Warsan Lyngdoh areas as they fall under the joint jurisdiction of Agriculture. Development Officer (ADO) from Mawkyrwat and as of now as this Headquarter Office is too far away from the area of ​​operation, the area from time to time has been left behind in the agriculture sector by the government authorities.
Speaking to media at the BJP office today, he said that the sudden increase in the price of dewbilat has been excessive, from the usual price of T.280 tyngka to the price of dewbilat. The price increases to T.400 per month.
Avani Soni and Abhishek Jamwal have been arrested by police from Vansa Road, Vadodara, Gujrat.
Last year, Prime Minister Duh spoke with the country's athletes who will compete in the Tokyo 2020 Olympics and also the country's athletes who will compete in the Tokyo 2020 Paralympic Games.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Mawsiang Market has been closed today without any announcement due to the lack of shops in the market.
This time, the girls and boys team of Ri Bhoi District has reached the final.
This was announced by the Principal Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of the Animal Husbandry Department.
The recruitment will be held at the following offices: Guwahati, Lakhimpur, Nalbari, Tezpur, Jorhat, Diphu, Dibrugarh, Kokrajhar, Kamrup, Shillong, Siliguri, Agartala and Aizawl.
Similarly, chemicals from plastics enter our food and other parts and cause many diseases.
In these three days lynter i.
This school has suffered many hardships and has been able to reach this level through the hard work of the priests.
During the training, many experts, scholars and employers who have studied in various fields gave explanations on the types of jobs and training they provide and how they can get jobs when you have completed your training.
On November 30, 2023 at about 3.40 pm, unidentified robbers stole a Maruti Eeco van (AS-01EF-1519) belonging to Pawan Kumar. Swami and Byrnihat, Ribhoi District.
On the other hand, the ASHAs also demanded that the government should pay them for their travel expenses because when they go to work it affects their salary because the income is low but the work what they do is that they have to travel around to implement the schemes of the central as well as state government.
"As the leaders of the Sengbhalang, we ask for the support of our fellow citizens inside the land of Hynniewtrep and also from outside Garo Hills to stand united in order to strengthen the demand and protest. The government should implement the ILP because the issue of the 13 political parties is not only the issue of the 13 political parties but the issue of desire and aspiration for the welfare of the people. citizens within the state as a whole.
The suspension of the PWD to improve the road to Umtyngkhun has also raised the question whether the government will continue to improve this road for the benefit of the people of these four villages.
The Committee also urged the Central Government to send an inquiry into the recent IED blast at the Syndicate Bus Stand which has shocked the non-tribals living in Iewmawlong.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The authorities in charge of the Inter State Bus Terminal in Tura have installed barriers to prevent people from drinking alcohol at the Inter State Bus Terminal in Tura. places without payment.
Hello.
The participants were divided into categories including children, youth, Miss and Mrs. Congress Leader Emmanuel Badwar who was the Chief Guest, Bah Janai Nongkynrih who was the Chief Guest and others who were invited.
Therefore, leaders should come forward (to the negotiating table).
Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, in a statement to reporters, said that after receiving information from the people of the state who are abroad who want to return home, it has been estimated that There are 27 people from different countries of the world.
In a petition signed by President LS Rymbai and General Secretary RDkhar, the JSM urged Conrad Kongkal Sangma to talk to the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma to confirm the agreement. “The JSM will not hesitate to take any strong measures if the United People's Front of Karbi Longri (UPFKL) “It is not necessary to collect money or harass the Khasi-Pnars living in Block-1,” said the petition.
The Chief Secretary of the State, Y. Tsering, welcomed the guests.
Shillong, March 23: Troops of the 4th Battalion Meghalaya on Saturday foiled an attempt by smugglers to smuggle muid from the border of West Jaintia Hills District to Bangladesh.
The Municipal has agreed at that time and has sent notices to the residents of Maxwelton Estate but it ended in a fine but the discussion turned out that the SMB did not have the authority to issue. “These people and the Seng strongly suspects that there is something behind the SMB's translation,” said the Seng.
The second arrest was on charges of assaulting a woman on November 3, 2013 and was released on bail on January 14,
When the country is stable, we can achieve new goals, he said.
“The SP said that the fraud was through Whatsapp where people informed their friends to join these money laundering schemes so that they could get money within a few days.
In a statement sent today, the HNLC said that the allegation by the prime minister that the prime minister has sent a ksiang to the party is false, fabricated and false.
The purpose of the visit of the Joint Secretary to the Union Government is to seek the opinion of the people of the State what they have to say regarding the desire of the Union Government to introduce the Amendment to the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of the Republic of India in respect of District Councils in the North East.
Lanong said that the participants in the meeting expressed that the Inner Line Permit (ILP) should be implemented but there were also those who expressed that the 3-Tier Identity Card system should be implemented as one of the issues. to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners.
Because the Model Code has worked like this, they should keep their weapons in places where there are police stations nearby, such as Police Stations, Police Outposts, Police Beat Houses during this time. general election MP to Rajya Sabha.
In his explanation, he said that the best sohniamtra seed is the one that the farmers produce themselves.
Justice Ranjit Vasantrao More has been a Judge of the Meghalaya High Court since 09/03/2020 and has now been appointed by the President of India as the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court.
MPCC President Vincent H. Pala has admitted that the Congress's refusal to cooperate with the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) in Meghalaya is due to the fact that if the ATIC leaders do not Speaking to reporters on Friday, Bah Pala said, “In terms of and the cooperation with the Trinamool Congress is not my only decision.
Let's work together to celebrate International Yoga Day.
They today met with the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh and he requested them to suffer because the government has not looked into their demand.
Shillong, November 07: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) will commemorate the 24th death anniversary of Bah Bull N.Lyngdoh (President, KSU 1984 – 1989) on November 07, The meeting was held in front of the statue of this great leader at Malki near Shillong Law College.
The drivers of these two vehicles were identified as Queendun Suting and Ibannangroi Suting, residents of Nongbareh Lyntiara. thep in the car.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: U Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong in reply to a question raised by Process T Sawkmie regarding the death toll from swine flu in the state.
The question is why the state government cannot hold it later and not like today, because in this state there are many Christians and they express their strong opposition even to the central government. and to develop the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Central Government today directed all banks to exchange the old 500 and 1000 notes from tomorrow at T.2000/- from T.4500/- - this is to make it easier for people to get new money.
This area is what the Government has been looking at.
But all they had was an EPIC that proved they were Indians.
The government has taken all the necessary measures to curb illegal activities but there are still those who commit illegal activities, as mentioned above.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister expressed the difficulties in the implementation of government schemes due to the difficulty in getting land.
He said that as the village leaders, they have met with the officers of the government department to discuss the suspension, but the department has not taken action and has not listened to the request. of the Dorbar Shnong who were led by the Village Leaders.
Sept.2012 and on behalf of the Secretary of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, has written to the Director of Health Services, letter no: Memo.
Shillong, July 7: With the aim of raising awareness among the people on how to avoid alcohol abuse, the Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU) has conducted a workshop at the Industrial Training Institute (ITI) on how to avoid alcohol abuse. sleep affects the mind.
The union has also demanded from the district authorities and the government not to allow these groups to hold meetings before the CWC as it will only incite the members of the community and cause more differences. community.
The Synjuk Ki Seng Samla Shnong in a statement sent by its Chairman, Samla Pynshaibok Diengdoh, encourages each and every youth to rise up and reach the goal in their struggle in this examination. and to raise the name of the nation as a whole, as a nation we really need the indigenous youth to hold higher positions in various fields.
In order for the farmers of this border area to benefit from this scheme, I have come to ask these officers to explain more in detail how to implement the scheme and in what manner. that these farmers will get the benefit.
“If the efforts to find out the truth according to the rights of the people through the government authorities do not reach anywhere, we will not refuse if we have to tied the door. to the court.
The list of Bills introduced in the Lok Sabha, Bills passed by the Lok Sabha, Bills passed by the Rajya Sabha and Bills passed by both the Legislative Assemblies is summarized here.
Shillong, Nailur 28: Although many people have left the party, the party is still strong under the leadership of Martle N Mukhim in East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Lber 7: The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) on Friday cut off the electricity supply to illegal residents in Maxwelton Estate following a complaint by the KSU Laban Circle. The KSU has complained that the illegal residents of Maxwelton Estate have stolen the electricity supply and demanded that it should be cut off immediately.
Because of this situation, it is necessary to regulate the expenditure of funds in order to provide for the fight against COVID-1
The western model of development has led to the idea that people are supreme and through the empowerment that comes from technology, these 'supreme' can accomplish the goals they set .
The Commissioner and Secretary of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Dr Andrew Simon, told SP News Agency, “Yes, it is true. The fact that a special session has been scheduled to be held on 19/12/2019 and the government announcement will be issued on 16/12/2019 on Monday.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The counting of votes today has ended the expectations of the candidates for victory and defeat.
Shillong, Lber 02: Answering a question by Bah RV Lyngdoh, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, regarding the expenditure of KHADC on the construction of the office, the EM said in the House that in the last four years T.80.03 crore has been spent.
All the above mentioned groups are required to notify the arrival of foreigners and all are required to comply with this requirement. .
Shillong, Iaiong 12: The Ranikor Block Congress Committee (RBCC) today clarified that the relief distribution will be given first to those households who have been severely damaged. The KSU's allegation of discrimination is groundless.
In this regard, the Minister of Power, Clement R Marak today called a special meeting to discuss the issue.
When the union came to meet with the staff of Karuna Trust, it was found that only the employees of the people can take this decision, but most of them run from Guwahati and Bangalore. There was only one employee who was asked to leave and locked up until the management came to meet.
Speaking on the occasion, Director of AYUSH P Bakshi, Secretary, Health Department, Government of Meghalaya, said that this treatment has now improved across the country. The hospital has been renamed as a Health and Wellness Center where people can receive proper treatment.
The President of the Shillong Press Club, Bah David Laitphlang concluded the meeting with speeches and congratulations.
NHAI rules need to be implemented so that the people can get affordable and longer lasting roads.
Speaking to reporters, Bah BV Rymbai Secretary of the Dorbar said that the purpose of the meeting was to urge the government to empower the Hima leaders to curb the influx of tourists to the country. Sohra to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Especially these stones and shyiap are used for building houses.
He is a resident of Mawrong. He started his education at an early age in his village and later continued his education in higher education institutions in Shillong. to BE (Civil) abroad.
(NCST), to introduce the IOA & AA into the Constitution of India under the special provision of Article 370 (a).
At the same time, he appealed to the people not to cooperate with the government.
How urgent it is to enforce these Rules within the Hima Mylliem – where cases arise in many areas – from disputes with the army and other Government authorities.
To prevent this, it was necessary to enforce Section 144 CRPC to ensure that vehicles carrying more than 15 Mt should not pass through this bridge.
The Rangbah Dong of Dong Pdengshnong Block 3 was also present on the occasion. He welcomed the Seng and expressed his gratitude. He said that it is ready to send his donation to these families and on his part he promised that the Shnong will be with these families.
Police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing. Police are also searching for the suspects.
During the meeting, the DC said that his office has already held a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs of those areas and the puja committees on this issue.
Shillong, Iaiong 16: Groups of civil society organizations under the banner of the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) today turned to the Secretariat to demand that the government should implement the Inner Line Permit is available in the state of Meghalaya.
This has been done in collaboration with the MGNREGA scheme, the MBDA and DRDA, West Jaintia Hills District.
The Project Director said that the Government will not hesitate to close down SSA schools which do not have children and we urge the SSA schools especially the Head Teachers to take action on this.
“The achievement of this young Khasi girl is a great joy not only for her family but for the entire nation as she has brought fame and glory to the nation.
In Meghalaya alone, 77.79% of the votes were cast for the rural areas and 50.87% for the urban areas.
On the other hand, the doctors did not say that they are not wrong even if someone does not receive proper treatment, but the public has the right to take them to court to punish them.
The Minister in charge of Information and Broadcasting, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh was the chief guest.
More than 500 school children came to visit the BSF weapons. On this day, the school children were very happy to see with their own eyes the weapons and to talk and learn. Alphonous Khonglah General Secretary of the Village Council was the chief guest at the distribution of weapons to the school children.
Bah Nongsiej praised the hard work of the officers who have been able to prepare these almanacs and hoped that the pictures of the trees in this almanac will help many to know about the beautiful places of the country. We are Khasi.
The delegation also met with Jitendra Singh, Minister in charge of PMO and DONER and discussed the same issue. claim.
Mylliem MLA Lamboklang Mylliem, Jirang, who won the MLA election in 2013 from the NESDP, has resigned today. from other parties.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, FKJGP West Khasi Hills District President Chandra Nongdkhar said that the meeting with the Executive Engineer of the National Highway was due to the concern of the FKJGP over the construction of the National Highway. two lane road in Nongstoin, Kyrshai Chaygoan.
On the part of MITCRM, Bah Samuel B Jyrwa, while speaking to media, said that the important thing is not only to get the scheme but the important thing is to protect the jaidbynriew.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Auguststar Jyrwa. Leaders of various political parties spoke in front of the public on this issue. The president of JYF said that this is to protect especially the minority of the children of Hynniewtrep because there are too many foreigners in this land of Hynniewtrep. They are concerned about the demand for the implementation of the ILP and the people are also concerned to support the ILP, and he said that the voice of the people is the voice of God.
Shillong, November 03: The Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, SC Marak, has set up five working groups within the board to look into the implementation of schemes in various government departments. government in the state.
Shillong, July 26 : The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today issued a notice that 20% of commercial vehicles and 50% of commercial vehicles will be allowed to pass through Shillong. They will walk in the outskirts of the district and this walk will be only within the district so that there will be no spread of COVID-1
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: Nongpriang village in Eastern West Khasi Hills District, which is only about one kilometer from the main road from Mariang to Rano Godawn, has not yet received a road.
Shillong, Lber 07: U Minister of State for Agriculture, Bah Sanbor Shullai in reply to a question raised by Bah George B Lyngdoh regarding the increase in the price of dohmasi. The Minister of State today said that the Ministry of Agriculture is trying to obtain seeds of Ongole cows to strengthen the cattle industry in the state.
Mawkasiang Marvels won the title by beating Dubakh C by 62 to 29 baskets while Mawlai Nongpdeng Youth Association beat KSU Mawprem Circle by 41 to
At the same time, it is a golden opportunity for us not only to hold this tournament and to see the talents of the iakura stars from all over the country, but also for the rangiakura of the State to showcase their talents. their talents and to improve in the field of sports.
Shillong, July 22: The film 'Apot' was screened at the State Central Library Shillong today by the Director of Arts and Culture, Bah W Nongsiej in the presence of the Director of ICCR, Manish Singh. the central government.
Speaking in the Lok Sabha today, he demanded that the central government should immediately send relief to the people of Garo Hills who are in dire straits.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 29: U Bah Diverland Lyngdoh, former member of the AICC, General Secretary of the Congress party today visited the party. lde and the NPP at a public meeting in Mawkyrwat.
It is learned that the flood did not happen in the evening but happened this morning when people were able to rescue the boats, which were damaged besides two shops, public toilets. and one ship was wrecked.
Those who have not been selected for the race will not be allowed to sit on the floor. They must leave the racetrack and must leave the first gate. and they shall keep a distance from each other.
Conrad said that if Dr Mukul Sangma had such concern for the people, this issue should have been resolved, but now the Congress has started producing videos against the NPP party to bring about the The NPP has not been able to resolve the issue of coal mining.
Shillong, March 20: The Sohiong Block Congress Committee (SBCC) has met to discuss the candidate for the 2019 MDC elections to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Four candidates have nominated themselves for the MDC election.
For the young to become responsible people in society, it should be ensured that the elderly should take the opportunity to become responsible people in society. together with the means of information through the technologies of today is useful.
To what extent can the Mawlai people show and prove that they are the true Mawlai people?
In a statement, the Tura MDC said, “The amount demanded from the gas suppliers is T.1,000 to T.1,500 in some villages.
Two thousand five hundred years ago, Gautam Buddha said, “... we must be the light of ourselves...” If we follow his teachings, as a spirit of freedom struggle, we can become 125 crore lights to shine. towards the path of a new India.
At the same time, the party will not sit idly by but will continue to check the names to ensure that there will be no illegal activities. but if thou shalt not do anything wrong, thou shalt not be ashamed.
Kharsawphra College today honored all those who have contributed to the development of the college.
Prestone said the party's problem has been conveyed to the AICC leadership but they have not listened. If they do not listen for the good of the state, they will not be able to leave the party.
Shillong, July 30: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today started campaigning for the 51-South Tura constituency. The meeting was held at the ground of New Tura Law College.
Major Manlun was posted to Nagaland with 164 Inf Bn TA (NAGA) in
This training is to make the people vigilant and at the same time on the part of various government departments to be ready in case of any natural disaster.
He congratulated Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Dorbar of Chiefs, who has spent days collecting the necessary documents of the jaidbynriew.
Speaking to reporters, he said that he has not received any complaint against anyone that there are those who have set up houses to commit benami. to the evidence.
But, for the sake of the country, you are fulfilling your duties as soldiers.
The UDP has urged the HSPDP Npngkrem to arrange the date and time through the Rangbah Shnongs for the meeting between Bah HS Shylla and Nongkren MLA Bah Basaiawmoit.
your history, and it reveals that you are murderers, intruders, intruders, thieves, kidnappers, robbers, rapists and thieves.
Shillong, March 01: Sweat Out Glory beat Gunners FC 6-3 in the final of the 1Open Futsal Tournament in Shillong on Saturday. Stadium at Jawaharlal Nehru Sports Complex.
A cultural programme, sports games for children and distribution of snacks to the children by the Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS), Ranikor were also held. Jingaiti Secondary School, Nonghyllam came second, Nolikata Higher Secondary School came second and Indira Gandhi Secondary School, East Rangasora came third.
Bertha Dkhar, one of the visually impaired women, said that this road is not only used by the visually impaired but also by the school children. It is easy to walk because it is protected from the main road and this is a very busy road in the morning or evening.
The residents said that it is closer to the people to transport patients from Marmaiñ to Assam and to Nongpoh and Shillong.
It is learned that this road from Kynton Laimer to Nongpuir village should have been improved. The work has been completed up to Mawpun Bridge and Mawsaling bridge but due to heavy rain it has been stopped.
Therefore, we as the leaders of the JSM must be ready to sacrifice ourselves for the upliftment and defense of the rights of our people.
if you don't have anything you need.
Shillong, March 22: U Bah Pynshngian N Syeim CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that he has received the resignation letters of three Executive Members of the Congress party, Process T Sawkmie, Lamphrang Blah and u Bah Jansing M Tynsong.
When I said the obstacle that still needs to be discussed on the political agenda is that both governments should accept amnesty for wrongful convictions and drop all cases under any circumstances. the form that they can take on their part so that we can move forward.
Jimwelson Ramsey.
Bah Phasmon Dkhar, MDC and EM of JHADC, said, “I am very pleased to be involved with AJYWO on such a great day in the history of Jaintia Hills”.
They also expressed the lack of performance of some VHSNCs of the Villages, and urged the Village Authorities to take action on this important issue, while Mawmluh Village has received the award as Active VHSNC. The Chairman was elected to represent Meghalaya at the meeting in Delhi.
Because of the strong wind and the cold weather, the flames spread rapidly.
The Republic Day celebration was also held at Raksamgre and Dadenggre Civil Sub-Divisions where Limison D Sangma, MLA and Brening A Sangma, MLA were the chief guests.
In another program held as part of the same celebration, a quiz competition was held at Mairang Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Mairang where Langtor Higher Secondary School, Langtor won the first prize. the first.
On this occasion, members of the party laid flowers at the Mot Kiang Nangbah at Iongpiah Jowai and at the Mot Sahnam of Woh Kiang Nangbah at Syntu Ksiar as a sign of remembrance and honor on the anniversary of his death. Woh Kiang Nangbah who is 157 years old.
The party also advises those members of the BJP Meghalaya who still respect all religions in the state to speak to their leaders and if they cannot do so it is better to withdraw from the party. you're another party.
More than 300 shops have not renewed their licences , more than 200 shops have not renewed their licenses and the union has closed down these shops . The union urges the trade department of JHADC to take action to send enforcement personnel during the inspection of trading licenses and labor licenses as there are many illegal traders.
At the same time, the RBYF has also set up a special unit for women starting from Mawrong village, known as the RBYF Women's Wing, Mawrong unit.
Our MLAs will have to ask the Government through the Minister of PWD, Bah Prestone Tynsong why the NHAI has done so much and also to bring a Call Attention Motion on this issue in the Legislative Assembly. so that the people of the area know the truth," the statement said.
On the part of the Chief Guest, Samla Donald V Thabah said that the KSU Sengkmie has started since 1994 to award prizes to the students who have done well in their studies. in order to promote the development of our brothers and sisters in education.
Finally, the union would like to thank the state government for its efforts to curb the spread of this disease, which has shocked the people of the state. There is a government that has fought hard to restore peace to the people of the state.
Regarding the sudden suspension of the work of VHAM, their objection was that they think for those who go to take medicine.
At the same time, for example, there are also Pnar words which we cannot pronounce in Khasi characters such as u Sniuh, Ka mluh, u diengduh and others. You can get your own characters.
Speaking to reporters, he said that their meeting with the Speaker of the House was to talk to the Central Government to include the name of Phan Nonglait as one of the freedom fighters of the country. India.
During the meeting, Bah Sanbor explained the situation in the state and in the letter he also wrote clearly the request of the HNLC which has been illegally recognized by the central government to talk peace.
of Meghalaya to express on many issues regarding the children who should receive full education by discussing the issue of bringing them to health centers and others.
New Delhi, Jymmang 29: The Union Cabinet headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the PM-Surya Ghar: MuftBijli Yojana at an allocation of Rs 75,021 crore to install solar in households. households and provide electricity up to 300 units per month to 1 crore households.
The following have been named as attempts to improve the struggle for full authority over the language:: Sengpule has been named because it is a lympung established for the purpose of learning. in any field.
Minister of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying.
Shillong, November 12: The National Highway Authority of India (NHIA) has started the construction of the steel bridge on the Shillong Byepass at Dwar Ksuid in Ri Bhoi District.
The Commission has also reviewed the support of the Indian Air Force and the State Aviation Department to deploy election teams to difficult to reach areas in 11 states like Arunachal Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Maharashtra.
