He said that if the CAB is implemented, South West Khasi Hills District will be the first to be affected.
The two arrested persons are residents of Mawlong Market area. Police have seized several weapons from them.
The meeting was also attended by VH Pala MP Lok Sabha, Hopeful Bamon MLA, DC West Jaintia Hills District and HG Lyngdoh SP West Jaintia Hills District.
It is learned that the President of the party is in Rajabala to campaign for the party candidate where Bah Pala and Dr. Mukul Sangma are working hard to win the party in the mid-term elections.
“In the past few days, we have seen that there are two types of police in our state.
This is a time of celebration when we celebrate the unique greatness and dignity of our country on the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav, when we have completed 75 years of independence.
We also congratulate all the MDCs who spoke on this issue during the Council Session today 4th November 2013. At the same time, the Dorbar urges the KHADC authorities to create the mechanisms to produce and enact the Acts and Rules of the 54 Himas/Elakas to be their own according to the customs and traditions of their respective Shnongs, Raids and Dorbar Himas.
She said that this job of journalism is beautiful but journalists are in great difficulty because she has already died in this job before.
More than 63.9 lakh taxpayers had come under GST in May 2017.
Shillong, March 03: U Edwin Shillangam, 17, a member of the HNLC, Shillong, today surrendered to the East Khasi Hills District Police Station. and live like others.
Speaking to reporters, Ms P Lawai said that the celebration was held on the occasion of the signing of the Bilateral Agreement between India and Bangladesh in to increase income, livelihood between these two and at the same time to protect the water they want.
Bah Ingty, who held this post until the end of his term, said that he is a man who has dedicated himself body and soul and a man who has seen far for the future of the youth. and for this high school.
“We also appeal to the citizens of the state that the time has come for us to start changing the political system if we want to see the state grow and shine from now on. support your own," said JETS24x7
The robbers broke open the door and the safe room.
However, the party said that it is not the Khawpud or the Ksan Rympei Rem Dorbar who will back down.
It is the responsibility of the government to provide assistance to the people affected by this destruction of homes and the government cannot avoid this incident without providing assistance.
He said that only political parties were banned from holding meetings.
On this occasion, government announcements related to financial matters were announced.
More than 8000 projects in various fields are underway in 100 cities with an estimated cost of Rs 1.6 lakh crore.
The government has sent this notice but during the talks the HNLC has suspended its activities for this reason so that what the HNLC wants will be clear.
Bah John said that if this demand does not succeed, they will continue to demand until they get it. It can be recalled that this demand for the district has been going on since ancient times.
These householders were accompanied by various civil society organizations, elders Morningstar Sumer, Pastor Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh and others who came to protest against the government's actions. to demand the immediate release of CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing.
Wanmi Lyngdoh is a resident of Muthlong village.
The Chief Engineer promised to take action on the demands of the Seng and also to implement immediately to resolve the problems faced by the residents of the Village of Light.
Finally, the union requests the government to release the funds allocated for the four souls who lost their lives in this incident as soon as possible.
The Minister said that the purpose of the cow farm is to improve the cows of the state by using the skills of the present era as the market has declined. There is no need to worry about the state and this is why you have to do a lot of work.
Bihsar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar has now become the kingmaker of the Janata Dal (United) after the BJP failed to win a majority in the Lok Sabha. , won 12 seats in the Lok Sabha elections held on Tuesday.
From the meeting, it was learned that in Meghalaya, the police do not refuse to register ejahars, while in the eastern states of India, the people have to appeal to the courts to register ejahars.
Mawshynrut Hill State People’s Democratic Party METHODIUS DKHAR (WINNER), 35.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The BJP has sent a letter from former Prime Minister At Bihari Vajpayee to all the states where the BJP has offices.
On Lum Garo, the AITC has announced candidates from all 24 constituencies where Dr. Mukul Sangma will contest from two constituencies from Songsak and one from Tikrikilla.
The enactment of the Act 1971 in 1978 has banned all foreigners except Schedule Tribes from buying and owning land in Meghalaya.
That the Police are not working and doing nothing in the state.
Shillong, June 17: The Shillong Municipal Board today sent its personnel to distribute medicines to different villages and townships of Shillong as part of the fight against covid-1
The Umngi Winter Beach Festival 2024 will be held to promote tourism and create job opportunities for the youth.
Even all those government ministers have not visited the border areas of the state until they don't even know the entry and exit points of the mynder.
The Prime Minister said that in this regard, the government has also spoken to the MLAs and the civil society organizations. The people should be informed about what the government is doing.
Many of the patients are from all over the Khasi Hills and the presence of this Mobile ATM on the ground floor has helped many patients when they need money to buy medicines. medicines and other necessities.
He said that the state does not have a battalion of women police.
The Government of India is now committed to promoting environmentally friendly tourism.
Shillong, July 03: The FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle after receiving a report from three units of the FKJGP Mawnianglah Unit, FKJGP Mawkhan Unit and FKJGP Mawrashe Unit on the issues faced by the people of the village. The residents of these three villages are facing problems due to the lack of drinking water.
The two parties will not stand idly by and will continue to look for ways to bring about a clean and transparent employment process without discrimination against any job seekers, so that the JHADC will avoid problems in the future. in relation to the employment.
Speaking to media during the protest in front of the MBoSE office in Shillong, NEHUSU General Secretary Banpynbiang Riang said that many students in the state are relying on They must pay the scholarship fees they receive once a year to complete their studies.
In his opening remarks, he said that it is necessary to preserve and purify the traditional health care system because this system of health care is what people have inherited. and this method of treatment has been around for thousands of years.
On the same day, Bah Marwein also donated uniforms to the youth of Domskhen Rum Sport Club and Domskhen Sport Club.
Therefore, we demand that the Government should take over this task and stop the supply of water to the farmers.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: FKJGP Khlieriat Circle Secretary McMerald Suting and Vice President Andiwor have sent their resignation letters.
J Chelani, Deputy Secretary, Planning and CEO of MBMA, will also be appointed Deputy Secretary, Agriculture, Deputy Secretary and Director of MIE. He has been appointed as the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District and this will take effect from the date of assumption of office.
The Deputy Commissioner agreed to suspend the proposal and to seek more details from the Government.
In the initial investigation, the office found that the amount of money was T.35 lakh and after inspection, it was found that there was an insufficient amount of money. T.5 lakh and the total amount has reached T.40 lakh.
Furthermore, there have been NGOs who have tried to mislead the people of Khasi-Jaintia to express their demand for a review of the reservation policy and the demand to suspend the roster system which has been approved by the court. that the youth of Khasi-Jaintia will not be deprived.
NPP candidate Md. Abdus Saleh won with 1926 votes to 11823 votes against Congress candidate Hashina Yasmin Mondal who got 9897 votes in the 47-Rajabala constituency. Assembly Constituency.
In this meeting, the Chief Minister directed that they should complete all the works according to the stipulated time and those who have been delayed should set a target for when to complete the works so that the people of the state can get to the benefit.
He said that the purpose of applying for land from the Government in New Shillong is to make it easier for the people to travel in the future.
U Bah Shylla, even when he was not a leader of the people, but he worked for the people of the state especially the Khasi Hills. He was the Chairman of Sur u Paidbah 7 Trep and through this group he has highlighted many of the works that the government has accepted in the fight against COVID-1 Shillong, Nailar 17: AICC Secretary Zenith M Sangma of the Congress party today said that two MeECL power plants have been lost and have not been repaired for a year. This has resulted in a loss of more than T.100 crore per annum to the Corporation.
There are 5 recoveries from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from West Garo Hills and 1 from West Khasi Hills. 92186 people so far.
Shillong, November 13: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that one case of COVID-19 has been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District. 203 people.
Speaking at the funeral service, Bah Teinwell Dkhar CEM of KHADC said that as a leader of the area in the last 31 years, Dr Donkupar has done many things. for the constituency and the state.
It is learned that when they reached Khyllem Tiehsaw, the mother gave birth to a son and after a while the baby died.
The cycling race involves 15 days of soldiers and officers and will cover about 500 km and have to be completed in 12 days.
“Many youths have joined the HNLC, who are ready to write history once again,” he said.
Shamlang Phawa, 21, of Tuber, Lucky Rymbai, Moolamnoh, Shainlang Phawa, Tuber, Moolamnoh, Moolamnoh, Shainlang Phawa, Tuber, Moolamnoh, Moolamnoh, Moolamnoh, Moolamnoh They have seized a Maruti car and 3000 rupees from them, said a police source. They are now under custody of the police who are investigating whether they are involved in the crime. other illegal activities.
He urged them not to follow what others do but to look for lines of study or work that suit their talents.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the employees of the Shillong Municipal, who did not want to be named, said that the office has always told these people not to obey. they will quit this business because their profits are high.
On the other hand, the SP News Agency wanted to know from the Syiem whether there has been a signing of the agreement but he could not be reached.
Due to the excessive number of people who take advantage of the opportunity to collect illegal money in the name of the party and also due to the inability to register the party, the leaders of the Meghalaya Liberation Association (MLA0VI) On Tuesday, they announced that the public meeting held recently has decided to dissolve the party from today.
He said that the EC has not convened a public meeting for 13 years.
The leader of the rebel group alleged that all the coke factories in the area are illegal and alleged that these factories have come up in collaboration with politicians as well. merchants.
In these days, we have witnessed the beginning of the campaign against foreigners and authorities in which the civil society organizations of the state are going from one district to another to seek support from the people to force the government. to implement a law against the illegal entry of foreigners and mynder into the State.
At the same time, the DC said that those who have passed well in the examination should think carefully about which field they should study when choosing their path. I don't want to be forced to understand.
On the other hand, Dr. Ampareen declined to answer when the Lampahgn of the House will give a decision. The CLP leader said it is not her part to answer because they have submitted a complaint and it is up to the Speaker of the House to decide.
Regarding the border dispute with Assam, the government should take a unanimous decision in the House to resolve the border dispute which has lasted for 50 years. The state celebrates its 50th anniversary without any meaning if these responsibilities of the state cannot be achieved.
This announcement has come into force immediately from 16/June/2024 and this order will remain in force until further notice, according to the order issued by the office of the DC of East Khasi Hills District.
On the other hand, AKHAF has left to provide financial assistance to these families.
Through this statement, all members of KHNAM from different parts of the country are invited to attend this programme.
On the other hand, the FKJGP does not say that there is any ethnic discrimination but points out the mistake of the office in how the youngest in the job was promoted and left behind those who were older.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC urged the Kurs and Jaids to check with the KHADC office before they become jaid.
Mairang, Nailar 17: U Dr Jitendra Singh, Minister in charge of DoNER, today visited the stadium of the Khatsawphra Sports Association (KSA) in Mairang after attending the ceremony. and he went to King Tirot Singh of Mairang.
It was in 1979 that this day was first celebrated in England and the main purpose was to encourage the public to understand the uniqueness of people with visual impairments.
The KSU does not agree if the government tries to restrict through government laws even at this time of pandemic because the clear message is that we don't want the Jaidbynriew to be restricted through the railway.
In their complaint, they said that this traffic jam has put the people in difficulty to reach the place where they intend to leave.
Eric Nongkynrieh said that during their visit to the farmers, the KSU found that the farmers have been insulted, many of the vehicles carrying agricultural products have been turned away halfway. to the police.
The GNLA has warned the members of the GHADC and especially the CEM of the GHADC Alphonse A. Sangma.
Our thoughts and prayers will be with them throughout their journey and until they return home safely," he said.
At the same time, Bah DP Iangjuh paid tribute to the MLAs who have led Mawsynram constituency since 1972 and paid special tribute to Bah Mestonnad Kharchandi who is a clean and honest leader in his work. .
Can we take this big step on March 2?Let’s develop the country.
“In encouragement to the location in which the event was held, he said that the venue should not only hold the Monolith Festival but urged the stakeholders involved to ensure to hold daily markets at the 8 acre venue shocasing food, local indigenous vegetables and fruits, textiles and also performances showcasing the unique and rich culture and heritage.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, several residents of Mawhati Constituency said that at this time we will not turn to anyone except Bah James Sylliang because he is the leader of the Mawhati Constituency. a young man who is new to this field of politics and who has no bad signs.
“After seeing the resurgence of uranium mining in the state, a Khasi woman through a private organization has sent or intends to send to the Central Government to resume uranium mining. We would like to inform everyone especially the State Government and the Central Government that we will continue to oppose this proposal and that the Central Government should bury this issue. ,” said a statement sent by the Working President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah.
How can we say that the Government of India has done well, it has done nothing.
On Republic Day, 2023, 47 people will receive Fire Service Medals.
The Cabinet today approved the extension of the term of office of the Chief Engineer of MeECL in relation to the generation of electricity in the state as well as in relation to the transmission of electricity. to the villages.
According to Bah Bari, their salary is only 6000 rupees. Their income has been too low. The price of goods has increased and compared to the world, it does not support them anymore. we besides that our work is very heavy.
It was decided (approved by the GC/CEC) that the Government will talk only with the group led by the Vice Chairman until the two parties reach an agreement to sign the soskular sangeh iasiat. .
These Bangladeshis had smuggled into India from the border in Dangar area of ​​East Khasi Hills District. The BSF on receiving a tip raised a station at Lat Balat and seized a Maruti car. They went to Bangladesh.
In a meeting with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya today, they said that the Khasi in Manipur are allowed at the Khasi Punji Headquarters in Tamenglong, Manipur.
The Director said that all the cases of COVID-19 in Shillong are from all parts of Shillong and today all 47 cases are from East Khasi Hills. of this city Shillong.
It is to be recalled that Nongkseh village has been declared a containment area where the residents have to stay in quarantine to prevent the spread of Covid-1
Shillong, Nailur 12: Answering a question by Zenith Sangma on the number of liquor shops in Meghalaya, the Minister in charge of Excise, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that Meghalaya has no licensed liquor shops. government has 812 so far.
Shillong, Lber 10: The ANTF Police in Shillong on receiving a tip have arrested a man from Mawprem and seized three boxes of heroin weighing 66.46 grams.
The Meghalaya government's insult to teachers is not only against SSA teachers but against all non-government school teachers.
The Committee proposed the creation of a four-member panel, also including external members, to conduct a comprehensive investigation into the attack on the student.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Clubs, he said that the union has received this information through RTI from the Shillong Municipal Board and NEIGRIHMS that the equipment has already been installed at the Marten. to throw away the garbage.
New Delhi, Jymmang 03: The South Western Command's Corps today launched a missile from the BRAHMOS Block III, which can target any area intended to clear the ground. The missile was launched in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands today in the second attempt.
Regarding the reasons why the Central Government has withdrawn the Bill, the President of the HYC said that there are some rules related to the special allocation and how to implement it. the gates to look after it also the exit of the people.
The filing of nominations will start on the 3rd of June and end on the 10th, the scrutiny of nominations will be on the 11th and the deadline for withdrawal of nominations will be on the 14th. date of the same month.
On the same day, Bah Lapang also met with Hiranya Bora, Ex-MLA and former Secretary of the North East Congress Coordination Committee. strengthen the NECCC in this area.
At this meeting, the UDP requested Bah Pynshngianglang Syiem Chairman of the PDF to support the candidate nominated by the UDP and the party will think differently regarding the candidate. MDC election to be held in Mawsynram.
The President of the HYC West Khasi Hills, Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, said that in West Khasi Hills, there are about 90 LP schools and 4 UP schools where there are only one or two teachers. in which there are more than 50 or 100 children.
They lodged an FIR with the police and the police arrested the three men and took them to court today.
Regarding the salaries of the day labourers, the government has set a special allocation so that if the central government delays in paying, the government will continue to draw from this allocation.
He met separately with the Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sirdars and Wahadars to discuss the reluctance of the Chiefs of Khasi Hills to sign the Instrument of Merger with India. of Accession in accordance with the terms of the Annexed Agreement for a period of two years.
After the resumption of the House, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit proposed to withdraw his resolution but demanded that the ILP should be discussed. On the other hand, the Chief Minister urged the opposition to respect the decision of the Speaker.
The Congress party is now in dire straits and has no money to campaign across the country after the Income Tax Department seized its bank account and party fund.
Speaking to reporters, Junestar Kharbuli, President of BAM, said that the purpose of the Association is to invite all the Arm Fighters from Shillong and outside Shillong to participate in the Arm Fight. They will attend the arm fight which will be held at the State Central Library.
The action of the BSF on 11/2/2024 against Dr. Seibok is unacceptable as it is well known that they have always had conflicts regarding such matters, their intention to The Siro Line doesn't have a bad idea.
The reason for their resignation is that Nah Aiborlang Thongni is still undergoing treatment for about six months.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has congratulated the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta for agreeing to meet and be present at Langpih.
At the same time, Samla Kur Ryntathiang takes this opportunity to wish a happy and prosperous New Year to all the members of the Kur. peace and joy be with them also.
Speaking to reporters, Mantiphrang Lyngdoh President said that the demand of the MPWU is a demand put before MeECL to recognize the employees who have worked for more than 10 years as full time employees. and that they pay the remaining Arrear of the employees.
The KSU Malki has also intensified its campaign against foreigners to ensure that those who have been excluded from the NRC from Assam should not be allowed to enter Meghalaya.
Refusing to comment against the opposition candidates, Dr. Amapareen said, “Let others speak as they please but she will not express and will work hard to achieve the goal.
Shillong, March 07: The Union Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment, Ramdas Bandu Athawale, today said that he will write to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to set up a government school. for those with disabilities for students of this state.
“According to the 2011 Census, the Khasi and Jaintia people have at least 5, 78, 918 lakh people than the Garo people and this difference will increase to 9,49,756 lakh by the next census. .
Shillong, Iaiong 11: East Khasi Hills Police have registered a tragic incident in which a young girl has committed suicide inside her house under the jurisdiction of Diengpasoh PHC. The family members of the girl have found the body of the girl from the house where she lived and it is suspected that she committed suicide and the family members have buried the body without report to the police.
His body was found in Mansinggre forest and police suspect that he was killed by the robbers.
They also urged the office of the CEO of MeECL Jowai to hand over the temporary maintenance of the 33KV line from Moostem Substation under the jurisdiction of Jowai Division to Khliehriat Division. for the benefit of the people.
Your answer has been for a while.
On Tuesday night, it was reported that robbers detonated a petrol bomb at the CRPF headquarters.
At this ceremony, the Chief Minister will receive the honor of the army, police and school children who will march at the venue and will be followed by a speech by the Chief Minister. area.
The government has also decided to send health officials tomorrow morning to take samples from the residents of the border area with Guwahati in Assam.
Before that, as we have sworn and decided as leaders, we have to talk to the Meghalaya Government,” he said.
Speeches were also delivered by the Minister of Phodkroh Village and the elders of the area such as Bah Snenglang Lyngkhoi and Bah Sixth Schedule Syiemlieh.
The Forum also said that the arrangement of Block-I cannot be based on the will of the people, as the settlement and border crossing is too much and not only the Pnars and Karbi live in Block-I. but even the Nepalis also live in these villages.
The NLCN was established last year but membership recruitment started two months ago.
Not only that, even the ATM machine has not been operating for 10 months now according to the complaint from the residents that the ATM machine nearby and the branch has not been operating since the lockdown.
Seven candidates have registered for the mid-term MDC elections from different parties and as independent candidates from three constituencies. It is located in the East Khasi Hills District.
Through the support of the SBI Foundation since 2020, this initiative has benefited 90,000 children in 3,000 Anganwadi Centers by providing training to Anganwadi workers.
Speaking to SP News Agency, GSU ​​President Tensang Momin said that according to the GSU's research, it is only in Garo Hills Autonomous District Council that non-Garo MDCs are also elected. Like the KHADC and JHADC, the MDCs are only the villagers, this is the same in Assam.
During the meeting, the General Maranger of FCI said that he has no information on the allegation of corruption as the office has already sent the rice to the Social Welfare Department. and this depends on the Social Welfare Department of the State Government.
From the point of view of income, it cannot be said that this is expensive now but compared to the lives of the people of the country, it cannot be compared.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04:U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma on Saturday visited Dura Kalakgre village to meet with the residents of Dura Kalakgre village. of West Garo Hills District.
As a group that is concerned about the decline in education especially when it is found that one of the reasons is the economic problems of the parents which reaches the point where children have to drop out of school halfway through, the The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Umrynjah Unit has decided to take action on this issue.
A case has been registered against her for illegally driving a Bolero ML-02-0416 and for driving a Bolero on the night of 25/4/2
“We are ready to unite if it is for the sake of the nation and the country but not for the sake of power,” said the Working President of KHNAM. Under the leadership of Alex Nongbet President and Don Thabah Publicity.
Shillong, June 12: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has issued a ban on the opening of liquor shops. with the opening of liquor shops in East Khasi Hills District.
The Prime Minister's reply to a question regarding the statement by two UDP leaders, Paul Lyngdoh Working President and Alantry Vice President, that they want to talk to the government to The Chief Minister said that the BJP Meghalaya has taken a decision within the Cabinet to oppose the CAB and at the same time the party from Meghalaya. They also sent a petition to the Prime Minister of India who is the leader of the party to express their opposition to the CAB. “If there is a need to talk, he is ready to talk on this issue,” he said. “If there is a need to talk, he is ready to talk on this issue.
The High Commission of India has sent a letter to the Bangladesh authorities to release Bah Onil Talang, who is estimated to have been in prison for 56 years. He was released from Sylhet District Jail and returned to his country and relatives.
In his speech, George B Lyngdoh MLA, said that the people of Meghalaya have lost confidence in the NPP-led MDA government. The public did not support Andrew.
The proposals submitted by the NGOs will be considered by the District Level Empowered Committee and this committee will take a decision.
On the other hand, it is not known what is behind the new building of the Civil Hospital in Ialong Village which has been constructed since 2010 until now has not been implemented. but to turn it into a house.
The meeting was led by Manoj Kumar Barnwal, DIG, Sector HQ BSF Shillong and Md. Saiful Islam from Bangladesh. Chowdhury, Deputy Director General, Sector Commander BGB, Sylhet, Bangladesh.
At the time of writing of this news, no information has been received whether the police have found the child who was allegedly abducted by the suspect.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the three MLAs, Renikton L Tongkhar, Himalaya Shangpliang and Pius Marwein, Forwardman Nongrem said that the party stands on the basis of they will still oppose the introduction of those skilled workers.
The arrested are Shanborlang Khongwir, 32, Bringson Kharumlong, 35, Kitboklang Nongsiej, 29, Return Dhar, 40, Wanlambok Lyngdoh, 25, and Richard Marbaniang, Mawlai Police Station.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has said that the North East of India will be one of the parts of India which can produce a lot of agricultural products. “We will follow the example of this country,” said Pham Sanh Chau, the spokesperson of the country who was present on the occasion.
The Chief Minister said that to set up these two sites to promote agriculture in jhur and soh cultivation, the central government will allocate about T.10 crore for each. place and this discussion is going on with the central government now.
He expressed his satisfaction to be appointed as the DGP of Meghalaya especially when the number of jobs in the state has decreased.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: U Martin M Danggo MLA of Ranikor on Tuesday distributed relief goods to the families affected by the earthquake in Maheskhola area.
The Secretary of the Commission said that the Commission comprising of its members, Kong B Giri and Bah PJP Hanaman has met in Tura from 19th to 21st October, 2024 to finalize the matter. this case relating to human rights violations filed before the Commission.
He said the government will send their representatives and relevant officers together with the media to investigate whether there is really any coal in the 32 lakh metric tonnes field.
Speaking on the book, Narayanan said that the book will help the future generation to know about the contributions and sacrifices of the freedom fighters of the region.
Leaders of the Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) have met with the Secretary Education Department of the State Government, Bah WR Lyngdoh, to demand that the government should release their rights. to Ambrose Ch.
In a statement sent to the media, the General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, said that Sambor Mawthoh, also known as Dengdeng, has been in the most important position in the country. He lost his life as a member of the HNLC in a shootout with the Meghalaya Police on 21st November 1994 at Jaiaw.
The purpose of this march is to revive the spirit of patriotism and struggle as the Khasi people.
In a statement, the Chairman of the Paidbah Wahkhenu, Bah M Khonglein and the Secretary, Bah R Buhpohang, said that the reason why the people decided to refuse to take part in the shadPomblang in Smit, was due to the lack of Syiem Khyrimban took action to resolve the issues in Wahkhen village which resulted from the Syiem's ​​forced appointment of the Sordar who had been appointed without the consent of the people.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The officials of Bhowal Hima Mawsynram Constituency together with MDC Bah Alvin Sawkmie today met with the Minister in charge of Trade and Industry of the State Government. Mr. Thank you Dkhar.
During the visit, they visited the rural areas and at the same time they also conducted a search of vehicles to ensure that the MP will run smoothly.
The opposition has submitted an adjournment motion to the Speaker on the 3rd of this month.
“According to an advertisement published in one of the media, the post of Assistant General Manager has been recreated which has been abolished since
These three new laws embrace a transformative approach, by introducing accountability and punishment mechanisms, while giving a share to those who have committed wrongdoing and the people in society affected to they will engage in correction, intending that justice is more important than punishment.
He urged the members of the party to unite and do anything starting from small to reach the goal of victory and gave the party the responsibility to continue to work together. the weight of the nation.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Teinwell Dkhar, on Tuesday said that those Hima which do not yet have a dorbar hall should go to meet their MDCs. I can't go to the council.
After considering the actions of the HNLC, the Central Government has decided to declare the HNLC illegal immediately and this will take effect from the date of its announcement.
U Bah Lamphrang Blah, Leader of the Opposition and MDC from the constituency, expressed his gratitude to the present EC for issuing the Sanad on this day so that the Hima will get a Lyngdoh. completely.
The affected mother said that she has been going to the Block and Bank and has also gone to meet Prestone but she has not received this assistance for three years.
According to the RTI, only 3 out of 1000 employees are working in Meghalaya, said a statement from Bah Donald V Thabah, General Secretary, Khasi Students' Union. The MBBS has received information that many Non-Tribals who have been admitted to the Open Category are without qualifications. paper to prove that they are citizens of Meghalaya.
These hospital performance accreditations benefit the hospital staff as they receive training, better working environment and leadership, and in addition, ownership of the care system.
According to a police statement, the child was wearing a blue T-shirt, brown jacket, blue jeans and blue shoes.
The band of the Army Grenadiers Regimental Center will play the National Anthem during the unfurling of the Indian Flag and the Rashritya Salute.
“If I come to power, I will give T.40 lakh per annum to one village in Pynthorumkhrah constituency through the MLA scheme,” he said.
Speaking at the Exhibition on Khasi Pnar Local Health Tradition (LHT) and Medicinal Plants on 6th and 7th December 2013 in Jowai, he also expressed the lack of There is no assistance to the Khasi Pnar medicine practitioners from the government or the council.
The election of the new office bearers of the Mawklot Youth Association was conducted by Samla Hamletborn Lyngdoh, Ex.Vice President of the Mawklot Youth Association.
The term “Government Aided Institutions” which is not defined in the Policy needs to be explained.
Police took him to Civil Hospital Nongpoh for treatment. After examination, the doctors ordered him to be taken to Shillong at MIMHANS in Shillong. medically pronounced him dead.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong on the 12th of this month has met again and sent a letter to the JHADC to demand that it should issue a certificate to the Waheh Shnong Phresmi Suting. Through a letter, the JHADC urges the JHADC to issue the certificate by 26 September 2016, otherwise the village The JHADC has destroyed the customs and traditions of the Khasi Pnar which have been shaped by the Longshuwa Manshuwa.
Speaking to reporters, B Thabah said, “We will hold an indefinite strike if the government does not complete the appointment of 468 vacancies.” He said that this decision was taken at a meeting of the party held yesterday.
In the middleweight category 71-75kg, Deepak defeated Ishmeet Singh of Railways and Lakshya defeated Harsh Choudhary of Rajasthan in the light heavyweight category 75-80kg.
If they have any concerns, they should go to the Prime Minister's room. The union in the meeting decided to urge the government to take immediate action on this increase in the price of petrol to relieve the people from many problems. said Bah Thomas Passah President of KHNAM Youth Wing.
The Union is pleased that the Government should consider upgrading the EE Office of the department from PWD SDO Office to PWD EE Office, Amlarem Civil Sub. Khliehriat Civil Sub-Division has been upgraded to District, while Amlarem has been neglected.
During his visit, the Chief Minister visited Nongsier and Umlakro villages and spoke on the implementation of MGNREGA, PMAY, JSA and CLLMP schemes.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Ka Dorbar, said that the Hima Khasi States had become part of the political system at that time of the Assam Government, which had worked hard to destroy the Hima Khasi States. implementation of the IOA, and they proposed the Sixth Schedule for the benefit of the Government of Assam.
For the BJP, the country comes first and works hard to benefit the people,” he said.
Andy Basaiawmoit Deputy Secretary KHDADC, Minister K Langstieh in charge of Market, Victoria Marwein, F. Marbaniang all spoke on how to maintain the cleanliness of the market. There were also many market dwellers who attended the ceremony.
Also present on the occasion were the President of KSU Jantia Hills District Unit Samla Ohibait Dkhar, members of the District and Unit. Inspire Pohktai, in order to convey the concerns of the people.
In particular, due to the absence of a special law to protect against such allegations, the MPHRC demands that the government should first appoint a team of inquiry to look into this. At the same time, if there is such a group, it should also seek the opinion of the people on how to bring peace and order and to eradicate such unfounded allegations.
Shillong, Nailur 27: Unidentified persons have broken into the house of Chief Superintendent of Police (CID) BR Rana at 12.30 pm today and detonated a petrol bomb in a vehicle. of his still hanging in the yard.
This was announced by Bah John Kharshiing in a statement.
In this raid, the BSF and police did not arrest any of the suspects as they fled and threw away the goods which had already been sold well. phet the road.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, in reply to a question raised by Bah Mayralborn Syiem regarding the discovery of maggot in Jalebi, said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek. “The government has sent an inquiry and found that there are many shortcomings in the shop,” he said.
: The Joint Action Committee (NHAI) has expressed its deep sorrow over the failure of the National Highway Authority (NHAI) to repair the National Highway-6 the promise.
The second and fourth winners will represent the state at Miss Northeast 2024, which will be held in Itanagar, Arunachal Pradesh.
On the other hand, the civil society organizations in Garo Hills, said that Bangladeshis after entering India with documents, struggle to delay their stay in India and struggle to marry children from the area. and after they had sat down, it was difficult for them to drive them away.
The Rangbah Shnongs of the area have demanded that MeECL should provide light to these villages.
Shillong, March 18: U Cornad K Sangma, National President of the National People's Party (NPP) in Arunachal Pradesh, today said that the party is the only national party in Arunachal Pradesh. North East Understanding the problems of the people of the region.
Former Home Minister Robert G Lyngdoh on his Facebook page has expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Neil Nongkynrih.
After the public meeting of MCAB Ltd.
The presence of street houses and highways is only the presence of buildings and not the development of the economy. building.
Samla Thangkhiew President Umsong Unit in a statement today said that Umsong and the Western areas are very poor in terms of electricity supply. There is also a lack of electricity in the area , which has caused a lot of problems to the people of this area , besides they have to pay the electricity bill every month by candles.
We are ready to join hands if the State Government leaders need the courage to expose the case with documents and witnesses.
The Empowered Committee, Delhi headed by the Director (Census Operations), Delhi, after a thorough examination, has decided to grant citizenship to 14 applicants.
Each test alert will clearly indicate that it is a Test Message to avoid confusion.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The HSPDP, which is one of the parties in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) coalition government, today submitted a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. urge the Government to include para-12 (b) in the Sixth Schedule.
Williamnagar, March 23: The bravery of robbers on the NH-62 in East Garo Hills has become so severe that they are no longer able to rob even in the morning.
He spoke about the successes of Government schemes and said he felt blessed to have the opportunity to provide services to people.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) today held a special meeting to commemorate the late Prime Minister of India Rajiv Gandhi at Congress Bhavan Shillong.
The memorial was inaugurated by Revd NW Marsing, one of the Senior Pastors of Ri-Bhoi Synod in the presence of Revd JR Makdoh, Pastor Incharge of the district, Tbn (Dr) HJ Syiem. , elders and members of the Mawlong Presbyterian Church.
This is very important for a country like India, where reducing the prevalence of diseases like chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is essential for make economic growth in a stable country.
“Khublei phi teachers” the country pays tribute to you on this day, for their selflessness because they are the shapers of the future of the country, this is a special tribute to this great man of the country he has brought about change in the country in many ways.
Why do poor people don't have toilets, don't have electricity in their homes, don't have houses to live in, don't have drinking water and don't have bank accounts?
In fact, at this time when the village funds are more limited, the tins/plastic containers should be sent to the village volunteers or appoint cleaners by paying an hourly fee of 1000 tyngka per month to clean. just take an hour or so.
The demand of the teachers has been pending since 2013 and to resolve the issues related to the results of the Diploma in Elementary Education (D.El.
Police have conducted a thorough investigation and prosecuted under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
Although changes have taken place in some areas of the State, we still see the Government's neglect and discrimination against the people living in these areas.
At the same time, the President of the KSU has sent a message to the state government not to ignore the decision of the Legislative Assembly on the ILP, but if the state government and the government of India do so, Therefore, you must not accept anything that you do not need.
The institute is now striving to spread the knowledge about AYUSH in the North East by holding meetings at various places, he said.
Prime Minister Nehru in his public speech at the Garrison Ground in 1955 when the people of North East demanded their own state to leave Assam said, “I want the people of the North East to grow in their own state. After the granting of Meghalaya as a sub state or autonomous state in 1970 and a full fledged state in 1972, the Government of India continues to operate. to oversee the creation of new states such as Goa, Sikkim, Telengana etc. Union Territory, Jammu and Kashmir and so on.
The SP said that the search and prosecution of drunk drivers and reckless drivers whether four wheelers or two wheelers will continue to prevent accidents and loss of life.
On the other hand, the government has made it clear that the law will take action against all those who violate the law.
Since the beginning, 13 people have tested positive for COVID-19 at NEIGRIHMS. The first cases were from BSF and one from Tripura. tracing 11 others tested positive for COVID-1
The closure of Smit Market has started today 22/04/2
The Director of Agriculture, GMRA Marak, told SP News Agency that the death of these pigs did not happen on the same day but happened since mid-October. it continues to this day.
“If Dr. Mukul Sangma resigns from the post, it will be vacant,” said Charles. He said that as a party, there is no difference of opinion.
Nongpoh Lber 29: The SBI branch in Nongpoh today closed down the SBI branch in Nongpoh. The bank is open even on Good Friday. Christians regard it as the most holy day.
The sadhu said that as a district as a whole, we want to eliminate all these evils and illegal activities from these places but to eliminate them we need to be informed and ask for all the information from the district. u SP and to hold a meeting with all to investigate this matter.
Those coming from Assam are allowed to enter only those who have been tested inside these gates. If they do not have proof of testing, they are not allowed to enter.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has become the first public office in the state to implement the measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in Meghalaya. Use Thermal Scanners to check employees and visitors before they enter the office.
The police have worked hard to curb crime especially drug abuse and the police want to ensure that the elections to the Legislative Assembly will be smooth and orderly. .
Police are still searching for the suspect to arrest him, police said.
The President also launched the railway from Guwahati to Lumding Pass to Shokhuvi in ​​Nagaland and the railway from Mandipathar to Meghalaya.
The HNLC has sent five representatives including Manbhalang Jyrwa Vice Chairman, Political Secretary Aristerwell Thongni, Foreign Secretary Phrangkupar Diengdoh. Two guards, Aiborlem Marbaniang and Storgy Lyngdoh.
The Chief Ministers of the North Eastern States briefed on the progress of the vaccination campaign in their respective states and the steps taken for the vaccination campaign in rural areas.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: U Ency Shadap, Organizing Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) in Jaintia Hills, on the 17th of this month, was shot dead by Lucas Rymbai.
Answering a question as to the cause of the fire, he said that the fire may have been caused by a light, which is a great loss to the church in Mupliang.
Histokrist Pachiang was elected as the new Waheh Shnong of Iooksi Iapkhla while Ioanis Manar, former Secretary Shnong, was re-elected as the Secretary Shnong.
Preparations for the celebration of this great day of the school are in progress.
Not only that, the union demands that the State Government should introduce a resolution in the Assembly this session on two issues related to uranium. The Environmental Clearance issued by the Department in December 2007 for the mining of uranium in Mawthabah and Domiasiat should be cancelled.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: Ka Khmih Shillong Group, a group of 10 girls aged 9-12 years old, has won the round of India's Got Talents organized by Color. Channel in Mumbai Audition on 29th November
Speaking to media, Bah Paul said the meeting was held to review the progress of the Drug Reduction Elimination and Action Mission (DREAM), the work done and to see how to fill the gap. clean places in the fight against the spread of drugs.
There will also be a special area known as a Children's Park for children to enjoy themselves.
“Meghalaya has implemented a comprehensive health system for the residents of all income levels,” she said.
Speaking on the zero hours, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah PN Syiem, said that KHUDA is sorry to see this allegation and the purpose of the discussion is to get clarity. the EC on the allegation.
U Bah Pangniang at the opening ceremony of the 50th Anniversary of the party said that the foundations of the party since its inception on 10/11/1968 are still valid. who has not changed.
The Chief Minister said that there will be no right decision, there will be shortcomings but this is the right decision and some land has been returned to the state and some land has gone to Assam. This cannot change the basis of the talks for Meghalaya and Assam.
From the early days of the freedom struggle, we have been blessed with wise leaders who have protected our country.
So, on June 5 at 9 pm, sit alone for a while and think about the country, imagine the faces of the 130 crore people of the country.
In Meghalaya, Satish Chandra Dubey, Minister of State for Coal and Mines will attend the program to be held at ICAR, Umiam, Meghalaya.
It is understood that during the meeting with the Governor, the 16-member delegation, including 11 from the BJP and 5 intellectuals from NEHU, informed him. The Governor said that if Assam can release Aadhar, it will be enough if Meghalaya can also release it now.
Regarding the Mawsynram C&RD Block, they discussed the needs of the Mawsynram CHC which looks after all the villages under the block but does not have the equipment like Ultrasound and other equipment. There is also a need to improve and paint the dispensary in Mawhiang and Jyllep.
The Chief Minister urged everyone to dedicate themselves for the development of the state in all aspects.
We Khasi have only about 15 lakh and NESO in a complaint to the Supreme Court has stated that this area has suffered a lot from the violence and invasion by the authorities. “Through the illegal entry of foreign authorities, many local authorities have lost their village governance,” said the KSU leader.
The T.3.5 crore is to pay the arear of the employees of the office, the pension of the employees. The EC wants to pay what should be paid to the employees of KHADC. The KHADC will receive T.7 crore from the government for small mining resources and for vehicles and heavy mining resources, KHADC will continue to receive T.7 crore. government Rs.25 crore.
They also know how to threaten that without the BJP, it is impossible to form a government just because it holds power in Delhi.
Other speakers were the Rangbah Shnong of Pynursla, Bah RM Shabong, the Editor of Rupang, and both the candidates, Bah Jan Tynsong, MDC Langkyrdem-Laitlyngkot, and Bah Anthony Kongwang, who conducted the meeting. He is also a famous singer in Ri Khasi.
Public awareness campaign on the blending of ethanol and petrol has been conducted across the country to raise awareness among petrol consumers about the problems and how to take care of the tanks of vehicles to avoid parking vehicles. , scooters, bikes and other places.
In the next issue, other aspects relating to the work of the Electoral Commission in the State whether they are widespread throughout India or directly within the State will be explained. The state of Meghalaya has not been able to provide information to the public.
Furthermore, the Ministry of Tourism through its various offices and ITDC have conducted skill training and awareness programs for those involved in tourism including taxi drivers, drivers tourist vehicles, hotel staff, tourist guides and others.
We have nothing against the Police.
Besides Rgh Pranshon, other elders who took part in the ceremony were Rgh Tailan Rynjah, Rgh Pynshai Kurkalang while Sbarshon Umdor. .
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced that on the 24th of this month there will be a public holiday in the district due to the Behdeinkhlam festival at Tuber Kmaishnong.
Hamebansan Warjri – Nongmynsong won first place, Ila Warjri – Kynshi won second place and Shisha Warjri – Mairang won third place.
Many of the speakers on this occasion said that it would be an honor to bring victory to Bah Sun.
At this public meeting, they accused the government that in the name of the park decision, the government wants to buy the land which they as the residents will not allow at all.
He said that India's way of fighting Corona is through confidence and self-sufficiency.
The union has also met with the DMHO of West Jaintia Hills District and sent a letter to him to answer why the opening of the sub center has been delayed since 2014 and has not been approved by the National Health. Mission.
It may be recalled that the government has allowed people to go to places of worship, public meetings, restaurants, cinemas with up to 75% capacity, but today the ban has been lifted. announcement and reduced shs by 50%.
The Joint Coordination Committee has also decided to warn and strictly prohibit foreign companies that are not owned by the Trai Ri Trai Muluk who try to smuggle by taking advantage of the suffering of the people in the country. Upper Shillong – Mylliem and if the two parties find such persons, the Joint Coordination Committee will not be responsible if anything happens.
“The tender was invited from the Directorate of Urban Affairs and within 3-4 months the work has started,” he added.
The Mawhati BCC's visit to Dr. C Lyngdohka came after the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma appointed him as a Minister of State in his cabinet.
Shillong, Nailar 15: The BJP across the country this year has decided to commemorate the heroes of the country who sacrificed their lives for the sake of the freedom of the country. the Country from the rule of others.
He said that soon the Co-ordination Committee of the group will meet to discuss and whatever they do will be done by mutual understanding and if they do, there will be places where they have to nominate candidates. but if such a thing happens, they shall do it with understanding.
SP Office took the first innings and scored 151 runs for the loss of seven wickets in 20 overs.
The Director said that most of the cases are those who have been in close contact with those who have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Garo Hills. 23 cases have been confirmed, 16 cases from East Khasi Hills, 5 cases from Ri Bhoi and 8 cases from West Garo Hills.
Shillong, November 10: The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBO) in collaboration with the Boxing Federation of India (MBO) will hold the 7th Elite Men's Boxing Championship, 2023 from 25th November to 1st November
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Cabinet meeting today approved the Shillong Urban Mobility Policy 2024, which is in line with the recommendation of the Central Government to improve traffic in Shillong.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the MDCs of the party, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that there is no decision that the UDP will no longer work with the government. He said that the collapse of the UDP-led EC will not affect the relationship with the NPP in the state.
According to police sources, the incident occurred about 150 meters from the border with Bangladesh. According to information received, there was a clash which prompted the BSF to open fire. Asen M Marak was killed in the incident.
He said that one of the advantages in Meghalaya is that the lifestyle of the people is not more dangerous than the disease but even so it has to be treated properly because the disease is now spreading from many places. .
However, when asked who will be the chief ministerial candidate from Khasi Hills and Garo Hills, Dr Kharlukhi said it is up to the MLAs to choose.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The HNLC has asked the government what assurance the government will give to the HNLC after the ceasefire and talks.
The Central Government pays T.605 per day and some States have paid up to T.504 per day.
The four players who have been signed by Shillong Lajong FC are Dan Gelu Ignat, Romanian defender, Japanese midfielder Dan Gelu Ignat, Japanese midfielder Yuta Kinowaki and Cameroonian striker Aser Pierrick Dipanda will play as striker.
Shillong, November 21: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that six new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state. North Garo Hills 1, 87 cases have been confirmed.
Shillong, July 02: South Tura MLA Agatha K Sangma today resigned as MLA to allow Conrak K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, to contest the MLA election. to hold the post of Chief Minister of the State.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has appointed Bah BL Buam IPS as the Director General Prison. He used to hold the post of Head of the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) within the Police Department.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The Vice Chairman of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) Damanbha Jyrwa and other members of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) today laid wreaths at the statue of Syiem Tirot Singh Syiem. Mawdan Iewrynhep to commemorate the 188th death anniversary of Syiem Tirot Singh.
The Uttar Purvi Mahotsav has been prepared as a showcase of long-term heritage and will not be just a festival.
However, he added that the corrupt and terrorists cannot hide behind this privacy right.
Shillong, November 10: Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA Shillong East today attended the inauguration ceremony of the thyngshops of the Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi. Governor Tathagata Roy and MP from Garo Hills Agatha K Sangma of the NPP at Motphran.
“When you fulfill your duty with dedication and selflessness you also have the power to bring about change therefore we send you with confidence that you will take responsibility in collaboration with the government,” he said. said the Minister.
College, Jowai due to the overcrowding of the college and the lack of seats especially in BA 1st Year and Cl-XI Arts.
“I don't want to say that I support or oppose the demand for ILP, or I don't want to say that I oppose the government for this, but I feel when I see these evil deeds that have happened by those evil people. "“I am only a foreigner, but I have seen these evil deeds committed by those evil people, I want to see a peaceful and lawful Shillong, a city where we can imsuk imsain all"
The opening of these offices in Tura is only the beginning of the development projects in the next two years. The Vice Chancellor was accompanied by Prof. .S.Gurudev, Campus Incharge, NEHU, Tura and teachers.
Shillong Police have launched a campaign to question people who walk in and out of the city and if found to be walking without work, they will drive them away to their places of origin and search their vehicles. and those who went out to walk without permission.
To ensure that there will be no disturbance during the religious services, all the pandals in Shillong have installed CCTV cameras to maintain peace in the places of worship.
St. Anthony's College Shillong has issued this order on 29th November, 2023 to require all students to wear uniforms when attending classes from this year
Shillong, Iaiong 22: After the Adhok teachers turned to the Secretariat to demand an increase in the salaries of the teachers, the education department officials today called for a meeting with the teachers' leaders. Adhok to discuss their demands.
Bah Kynta said that the land tenure system is different from other parts of India.
The government should work 24X 7 because it is the job of the government to know what is happening.
Shillong, Nailur 20: Unidentified persons at 1.20 pm today set fire to two vehicles parked in the ground floor of the Pynthor Dorbar Hall.
He said that many of the areas affected by the natural disaster have been completed and there are still some areas that remain and the work is still ongoing because there are too many electricity posts in the area. storm.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that although the government has allowed the opening of schools from next month, it is up to the management of colleges and schools to take a decision. They opened it and opened it.
The Central Government has decided that from now on, the treatment of people in all government health centers should go hand in hand between allopathic treatment and AYUSH treatment. long to heal the people.
Shillong, Nailur 09: Answering a question by George B Lyngdoh on the incidents on the border between Meghalaya and Assam, Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong today said that 55 incidents have occurred since the year 2018 to 2019 is now.
It may be recalled that the 6th Shnong Lukha Association has a plan to restore the cleanliness and beauty of the Lukha River and the Sonapyrdi Tourism & Economic Development Society has a plan to make the Lukha River a Tourist sports to create income opportunities from the unemployment crisis.
Three persons were identified as Kyndaiborlang Kurbah of Kseh Mawnai, Banpeitlang Marbaniang of Nongshken Mawdang and Welbokstar Sohlang of Kseh Mawnai.
Shillong, Lber 11: As part of the celebration of the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda, the Ramkrishna Mission today held a performance of traditional dances of Khasi, Garo and Jaintia at their Cultural Centre. on Jail Road.
There are 47 cases in East Khasi District, 31 cases from civilians, 9 cases from BSF and 7 cases from other armed forces. West Jaintia Hills District and 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills District.
In Garo Hills, the Nokrek Reserve, Katta Beel and Siju Caves are the most beautiful places in Meghalaya. for the purpose of holding festivals in the Districts.
The issuance of licenses depends on the permission of the village and the village.
Kurkalang's work has been significant in finding up to 35 people in contact with the COVID-19 patient.
Regarding the Nan Polok, he said that it will not only be from the forest department to preserve it but there will be a further development of the Nan Polok by planting special trees so that visitors can see it. .
Shillong, Naitung 16: The Dorbar Shnongs around Nongpoh have decided to hold a public meeting on the 20th of this month to protest against the Transport Department's plan to install a Way Bridge in Nongpoh. This is a village in Ri Bhoi District.
Without strong Kur Dorbars, we find that Hima Dorbars are weak and fragile.
It should be part of the pride of all of us that the taxes we pay have been used to build the country – to help the poor and backward, to build infrastructure in rural and urban areas, and to strengthen the defenses of our border region.
AIIMS Guwahati is also an example that our Government is fulfilling its responsibilities,” said Prime Minister Duh.
The meeting was led by Sweety Syiemlieh and was attended by Khasi students from all over Karnataka.
STATE GOVERNMENT ISSUES ADVISORY:The State Government urges residents to remain vigilant, ensure that emergency kits are prepared, and avoid unnecessary travel during this period and stay updated with the latest weather reports.
Until the amendment is introduced, the State Government will enact rules to bring about the opening up in accordance with the directives of the NGTH on the issue of the impact on many people in their livelihood.
In this regard, the State Government has taken measures to reduce the cost and increase the funds for the fight against COVID-19 and to provide food items for the needs of the people. to the people.
Shillong, November 18: Rynjah Village Council today honored the ASHA and Aganwadi workers as well as the assistants who have worked hard every day to provide services to the people of the village.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Kharkongor said that there have been discussions between the Election Commission of India and the state government and the issues they have discussed are the floods in Rajabala and Mawryngkneng. There is nothing wrong with the COVID-19 pandemic.
The CEM said that there are others who have been living in the area for a long time and have proper trading licenses and come to renew their trading licenses from time to time.
On the other hand, the NPP has alleged that the Congress party has promised many things to the people but has not been able to implement them.
Therefore, the Mukhla Dorbar Shnong West Jaintia Hills District through Rangbah S.Sari who is the Executive Member of the Dorbar Shnong Mukhla in this statement invites all the residents of Jaintia and Khasi Hills to attend. Therefore, this festival is held once a year before the cultivation of the fields and also as a sign to preserve the customs and traditions which have been inherited since They are the ancestors, the ancestors, the ancestors, the ancestors, concluded this statement by the Rangbah S.Sari.
“We have issued a directive to all shopkeepers to close their shops from 10:00 pm and at the same time shopkeepers to install CCTV cameras in front of their shops. They should inform the village authorities or the law enforcement authorities if there is a violation of the law if the sale continues after 10:00 pm,” said Bah Diengdoh.
The UDP leader said that they have already met recently as the ARPA to discuss and confirm that they will work together under the leadership of Bah Basaiawmoit as CEM. “It is not true that the MP results will be released after the announcement of the results,” said Bah Teinwell.
The truck collapsed and the iit inside the truck was broken.
The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India has drafted the Rules for the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019 which was released on Tuesday.
On the other hand, the officials of Coal India Ltd are preparing to use these pumps to pump water from the coal mine to strengthen the water supply in addition to the pumps that are already in use. It is the Fire Service of Odisha.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Government of Meghalaya today appointed Bah PT Sawkmie, former MLA, MDC as Co-Chairman and Bah Kim MDC as Vice Chairman of the Meghalaya Resource and Employment Generation Council.
He said that he will ensure that all the employees from various offices of the party will go to every household to ensure that the people will vote for the BJP candidate this time.
The President of HYC Nongthliew Circle, Bah Joplang Kharnaior, said that the HYC has been monitoring this demand from time to time and it is an issue that has been going on for a long time since the Government. The state has proposed since 2019 to upgrade the school.
He said that 189 years ago Phan Nonglait was only in stories but now it has come in the form of a book and through this book now we know about it and the future generations will know about it. The freedom fighter of this great man is no different from others.
Recorded video capsules of Puducherry, Auroville, Immersive City Experience, traditional games and dances will be shown to the participants.
Speakers on the occasion were Dr. OL Snaitang, TT Diengdoh, Sr.
The team of doctors was led by Dr AC Bhardwajan, DIG of Doctors in the BSF.
During the training, the students urged to attract tourists not only from within the country but especially from abroad. which is now available on the Internet.
According to a statement from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, only shops selling beverages and essential items have been arranged by the Incident Commanders of each Zone within Shillong and areas where They will be open from Monday to Tuesday, from 9 am to 7 pm, so that the residents can buy and sell essential items.
Deputy Inspector General of BSF UK Nayal said that the BSF troops on duty on the border with Bangladesh have worked tirelessly to curb these smuggling activities on the border with Bangladesh. He urged everyone to work together to stop this crime at the border.
The Annual Survey of Industries (ASI) is one of the main sources of industrial statistics in India by providing statistical data to view and understand with clarity the changes in the growth of manufacturing industries including activities related to the production of goods, the provision of services in the maintenance of goods, the supply of gas and water and the storage of goods.
The destruction of the Mother Earth by looting and destroying without any reason has been exactly like we intend to kill our parents.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The National Press Day was celebrated across India and in Meghalaya at the Shillong Club. of journalists in relation to the public"
Shillong, Jymmang 16: As the organization is concerned about the decline in education especially when it is found that one of the reasons is the income problem of parents which has reached the point where their children have to drop out of school. Halfway through, she has taken the initiative to do something about it.
Anglela Rangnad, one of the leaders of the protest, told SP News Agency, “We request the people not to attend the rally at Madan Student. “This public meeting is to raise awareness among the people about the government's schemes to occupy the land of the people in the name of New Shillong Township in violation of all the rules and regulations.
The occupants of the truck robbed the two men and recovered T.700/- tyngka, a mobile phone and a typewriter from their bodies.
Local Groups and Self Help Groups of Mukhap and Mynso villages attended the meeting. The meeting was conducted by Ms. Daka Bareh. respect the SURE presenter and those who attended this training programme.
Speaking to media, the KSU leaders said that the state government in 2016 has canceled the land allocation to UCIL and at the same time the KHADC has also done so. The question now arises why AMD and UCIL have come to Nongbahjynrin and Mawthabah without the authorities to mine uranium in the area.
Tripura is no longer a state ruled by the authorities and Manipur is a state where violence occurs from time to time and there are many armed groups that can cause intimidation. smile at them for ten days.
This is a story full of courage.
During the meeting, the Prime Ministers of the two countries discussed in detail how to ensure the security of the border between the two countries, to ensure peace, stability and avoidance of violence. bad activities on the border.
After the Investment Ceremony, Union Minister in charge of Defense and Cooperation, Amit Shah and other Union Ministers spoke to the Padma winners at a program organized by the Minister of Home Affairs. You are not allowed to visit your home in New Delhi.
In the complaint, Joybiful alleged that on 30th March 2018, her ex-husband Shibormi Lyngdoh, 27, raped her three-year-old son with the intention of turning her away. him.
The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB), Bah BS Allya, told SP News Agency that the three authorities in charge of the cleanliness of the city have been appointed. They have decided to work together to bring about cleanliness in Iew Mawlong, the dirtiest place in Shillong.
If you are in a group and suddenly experience rain, cold, wind, snow and thunderstorms, you should spread out and keep a distance from each other to reduce the risk of injury.
The celebration, which opened today, will conclude in March
The Garo people also need to understand this and they too need land and housing. We don't want the Achiks and Hynniewtreps to become other Kuki or Rohingya people. The Kurds do not have land or country but are a large ethnic group who have to flee all over the world.
The Dalloi also wished the people of the area to live in hard work to get health which is the great medicine for our lives.
“Next month we will meet the Minister of Transports to discuss this,” said Bah Nongkynrih.
Reeturaj Yogi, one of the founders of the group, in a statement sent today, said that three doctors from Assam have been brought to provide free medical treatment to the people of Assam. village under the leadership of Dr Nitu Deka.
Shillong, Lber 29: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that no new cases of COVID-19 have been tested positive in Meghalaya. There are 5 cases in East Khasi Hills District.
The punishment of the former Director, Elementary and Mass Education should continue and all the documents should be submitted to the Advocate General for action. The investigation of the HLSC and the appointment letters shall not be submitted to the Advocate General.
The Indian team from Meghalaya will play against Dongguan Machong FC of China tomorrow.
Agriculture and Farmers’ Welfare, Horticulture, Sport and Youth Affair, Textile department.
The incident occurred at 9.30 pm.
In fact, they still need this man to contribute to the children of the country with his songs that make them sleep and surprise everyone.
On the other hand, they send complaints by registering online through some apps which are just shrip without any suspicion.
He said that before the lockdown, the people used to get T.1250 or T.1300 50kg. This has left the people in darkness since the lockdown in the state. to prevent the spread of covid19 around the world.
The new authority by which the Crown issues such orders is Article 324 of the Constitution, which requires the Crown to hold free and fair elections. very bad.
Shillong, July 17: U Bah R Susngi today confirmed that children and adults have held their games on the curfew called by NESO. That in the middle of the night, the navy personnel who fell into the coal mine were able to see a body inside the coal mine 200 feet away from the crematorium.
She said that people with disabilities are an important part of the skilled workforce and the central government is determined to build an open environment for people with disabilities. you don't have any members.
We have never promoted any religion in this State.
The Central Government, the Election Commission should take action and do something to ensure that the elections will be clean and smooth. take action on this with the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government.
With this election, the Congress party has freed the party from the interim AICC president. Under the leadership of the new president, the Congress party hopes to do better in the MP elections. in the year
Shillong, Nailur 18: There are 119 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 63 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 30 cases in West Jaintia Hills. The total number of deaths so far is
Prime Minister Duh urged the members to increase this to 100% in the 18th Lok Sabha.
Soon after, some of them were able to leave by car, train and those who were still stranded in their places.
On this day, the siren will be sounded from 10:59 am to 11:00 pm and after two hours, the siren will be sounded again from 11:02 am to 11:03 pm.
KSU Mawlai Umrynjah Unit today 16th June 2024 has held a program to provide assistance to the students from low income families living in this village.
Tura, March 02: U MDC of Silkigre, Augustine R Marak, who is also the Deputy CEM of GHADC, on Tuesday said, “I strongly condemn the reporters of nine traders from Silkigre market. juh long once a day in what happened recently"
He urged all, regardless of race, religion or ethnicity, to work together to eradicate this evil in the society. Rev.Dr.J.F.Jyrwa, Member of Committee on Ecumenism, Gender and Youth (EGY), Christian Conference of Asia (CCA), Nobo Kishore, CEO, Center for Social Development (CSD), Imphal and Secretary , North East Dialogue Forum (NEDF), Irene Hujon, President, Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO), Priscilla Kharnaior of the Union of Women's Organizations, Shillong Lam Are Archdiocese Youth representative, Bah from Women's College, Rev. Dr. PBM Basaiawmoit and many other prominent leaders in the community.
However, one of the vendors, Prem Chand Shah, despite the arrest of the law enforcement agencies, is still sitting on the ground and this has prompted the SMB to lodge a complaint and the police have arrested him. Police have registered a case against him.
In connection with this incident, the police have conducted an investigation to find out the truth about the incident.
The damaged bikes were a Discover (ML05J-963) and a Pulsar ML05 J-7
Referring to the registration, he said that the registration has already been completed in many areas and for the Khasi villages, this is only the beginning and they will continue in the coming days. M Harcourt.
Khweng, Nailar 27: The North East Slow Food and Agribiodiversity Society (NESFAS) today held a traditional food exhibition at Khweng village in Ri Bhoi District. the traditional customs and traditions of the minorities.
The residents of this area for the past decades have not received development schemes because they live on government land, but the NPP-led government this year has decided to provide The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, who is also the MLA of the area, has already distributed land titles to hundreds of households. They become the owners of the land where they live even if the land belongs to the state government.
The Road Construction Department said that they have taken the drawing of the bridge from IIT Guwahati and soon they will call a new tender for the bridge. and the road construction department wants to complete them.
Traffic of people and vehicles has been affected by the floods on Tuesday morning as the Langkyrding-Nongmensong road has been flooded due to the landslide in the river. water and the flooding of the road in Mawlai Nongpdeng until the water has entered the roofs of the houses of the people.
The BSF has stepped up its patrolling at the border due to the NRC in Assam and at the same time the Rohingya incident.
When the sun went down, the people went out to the evening market at Nan Polok.
The death toll has risen to 1325 from East Khasi Hills District 1 and West Khasi Hills District 1 from West Khasi Hills District yet.
Shillong, July 17: Heavy rainfall across parts of West Khasi Hills District today has caused a landslide in Nongstoin village and in this landslide has caused tragic incidents to two people. The little ones who were shipara died from the earthquake.
In this regard, the NEC has already released T.9.19 crore to provide financial support to students in the North East for the year 2011-1
Other departments have been appointed by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
The Digital Revolution is an example of the progress that India has made in recent years.
Members of the Khasi Disability Association (KHAA) have come together to support the demand for freedom of movement for those with disabilities. Hundreds of people came to sign in support of this demand.
The Seng also said that the construction of the tower in these areas is slow while the network is poor.
In the meeting with the Governor, the KSU said that the government should take care of these private universities in the state so that they do not become like the CMJ University.
On the other hand, the BSF has ordered to stop the smuggling but they have refused to comply with their orders and the violence has continued as more and more unidentified persons have arrived and started throwing stones at them. BSF and BSF have to sympathize with the lathi.
This scheme makes it easier to work in business and encourages small shops and small workplaces to become Wi-Fi hotspot providers – Public Data Office (PDO).
The President of the Sein Raij said that at present it cannot be announced as the preparations are ongoing and the details will be known by the 26th of this month.
In his speech, Pralhad Joshi said that the North East is an area that has received a lot of attention for economic development under Prime Minister Duh's initiatives to transform India.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: U Bah Robinus Syngkon MLA of Mowkaiaw today sent a letter to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal to inform him that he has withdrawn from his support for the party. The MUA-II government has been led by Dr Mukul Sangma.
Sunsilk Serum Mega Miss North East 2024 has been very competitive among the contestants. The organizers have decided to win all the categories as the best girls in the Sunsilk Serum Mega Miss North East in which they received the same prizes in all lines.
Shillong, July 30: The Republic of India has declared the 30th July as a day to pay tribute to all those people who have sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country in the struggle for independence. free from British rule.
That is the truth because for decades we have been able to do so.
On the other hand , the Prime Minister said that the government will soon be able to ensure that this is done and after that the government will send a letter to the court , from the Chief Secretary to the officers difficult to provide this.
It is for this reason that the party wants to bring about unity as the children of Hynniewtrep.
Swapnil Tembe, IAS, State Project Director, Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan, Government of Meghalaya was present at the distribution of certificates to the students who came to take part in the training.
The Federation of Khasi States, has expressed its gratitude to Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA & MDC for setting the rules for the KHDA to hold the Mylliem Hima Dorbar.
After the Regional Committee of the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam requested a report on the desire of the people of Baikam to join the State of Meghalaya, on 16th July, On behalf of the Government of Meghalaya and the Circle Officer on the part of the Government of Assam, the Khasi Pnars who live in this village which falls under the State of Assam have unanimously expressed before these Government officials that they are willing to join the Meghalaya in the border settlement between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam in this second phase.
Major David Manlun, 32, is the son of Subedar M Khamzalam, a soldier from the 1st Battalion of the Naga Regiment in
This is a shame to the entire Garo Hills because even the villagers are now in fear of their lives as it is now if anything happens to all the political party leaders. They all went away, but when it happened to the people, they were amazed.
However, suddenly, as if I was looking at the bsein, I saw a sign board with the words “This property belongs to the office of Tourism Department, Govt.
Referring to the amendments to the EC Act, Titosstarwell said that it would be a problem if the patta was not accepted by the KHADC if there was a delay on the part of the KHADC. the village council or the Hima.
Sohan also alleged that the ANVC leaders' huge demand for money from the government is also for the running of the Autonomous District Council for 10 years.
The delegation was led by KSU General Secretary Shiningstar Lyngdoh, Finance Secretary Donaldstone Thongni and other members of the KSU.
Shillong, November 07: The United Democratic Alliance (UDA) has now added 15 MDCs to the 29-member KHADC. they are soilang today.
M.June Myrsing General Secretary of the Union said that during the visit they met with the accountant of Mawthawpdah PHC and during the meeting they said that they have not received any money for a year. can pay the AVS that employees are entitled to on a monthly basis.
Trees and other agricultural products to the Meghalaya government in the past years but it is sad to see that the government has not done anything for this oldest road in the state. Nongstoin to inspect the road from Nongstoin to Maweit , where the FKJGP Maweit circle has received information that the road from Nongstoin to Maweit is 35 km long and the width of this road is 5.50 meters They are happy and grateful to build a road while they have not yet received the 2 lane road from NH-127B from Nongstoin – Maweit – Nongjri which is 75 km long.
There are four secondary schools in Mawhati area, Syndong Korhadem Secondary School, Sakhit Secondary School in Umtrai, St Francis D Asisi Secondary School in Umsiang and St Vianey Secondary School in Umsohlait. Matriculation examination will be held in Umsohlait.
He said that the stories of the struggles and sacrifices of the freedom fighters of the North East have not been properly documented.
A case has been registered against the driver of the vehicle, Sumarlang Lytep, and he has been charged under the Arms Act.
To set up Permanent Security Outposts/CRPFs or any para-military camps or posts in places like Bholaganj and Ichamati,” demanded the CWC. who are involved in spreading hatred against the minority foreigners in Meghalaya and also refer to non-tribals as “Foreigners”.
The state government has set up these three Regional Committees to look into the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya.
In Meghalaya, out of 60 constituencies, 55 have been reserved for tribals and 5 for others. There are 3482 polling stations in Meghalaya. women and 60 polling stations will be run only by officers to become new in the government.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Director of Arts and Culture, Meghalaya Government, Bah Wilfred Nongsiej today launched a book entitled “There is a need to correct the spelling of the Khasi Language" published by SP News Agency at Shillong Press Club.
The Manbha Foundation, Jowai, as part of the celebration of the International Day Against Drugs and Illicit Trafficking, has organized a training program for the students of various schools in Mihmyntdu Village, West Jaintia Hills District, on this occasion. on 6/25/2014.
Bah Metbah also urged all those who came to take part in the program to take advantage of such programs which are a way to improve the income of the people, their families. and society as well.
He said that if the BJP wins 370 seats, it will amend the Constitution of the country by removing the word 'secularism' to achieve the dream of making India a Hindu state.
The Congress leader has accused the NPP party of turning away the people. The party president Conrad K Sangma has said that if the CAB is passed, the NPP will withdraw from the NDA and NEDA. Agatha Sangma, MP of the NPP, supported the CAB in Parliament.
They are Mawkduk, Lumdiengngan, Kyrdeng, Wah Myntiit, Mawkynring and others. They are the bloodthirsty people who attacked four households in Wahswat Tynring and were arrested. The law does not have any other right because it is not in accordance with the judgment order of the High Court.
Therefore, the organization requests all the youth who have the spirit to contribute to the cause of the jaidbynriew to send their names via whatsapp to these numbers +918132848886/+ 9170052 64971/+918259812583.
Shillong, Lber 10: Shillong Police have arrested Peter Nongkynrih from Motphran at 8.30 pm and seized four golden tins from his body. You have 1.88 grams of heroin.
The number of cases tested positive today is 32 from East Garo Hills, 49 from East Jaintia Hills, 375 from East Khasi Hills, 21 from North Garo Hills, 194 from Ri-Bhoi, 20 from South Garo Hills and 58 from South West Garo Hills. West Garo Hills 90, West Jaintia Hills 89 and West Khasi Hills
Shillong, Jymmang 02: In a meeting between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and the Union Minister in charge of Contractors, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, urged the Minister of State for The Central Government has decided to build an Employees State Insurance Corporation (ESIC) Hospital in Meghalaya.
Dr Ampareen said that the 15 days deadline for investigation has expired, but the DC has extended the deadline till 30th November 2018 to submit a report on the incident. in Shrine.
The announcement was signed by CVD Diengdoh, IAS Commissioner and Secretary, Personnel Department.
On the other hand, the police have tried to disperse the crowd at the second gate of the Polo Ground but the desire of the crowd to get inside has led to the crowd. The police to disperse the crowd have cleaned their faces with masks.
The Captain Williamson Sangma State University, the first university in Meghalaya, was inaugurated on 14th July, 2023 by the Chief Minister.
“Today, thousands of tinkering labs are building new scientists.
The President also said that the diversity of ethnic groups is a beautiful part of our country and we should use this to raise India's profile in sports.
The CoMSO says that the entire State should get ILP, but it will be more stingy for the State Government and it will also be the right thing for the KHADC and JHADC and that will also be the way for the GHADC. it shall be destroyed alone when two are received.
Despite the many challenges faced by the office from time to time, the office of the Range Forest Officer, Mairang Range over the years, has continued to conduct inspections and detection of such illegal activities.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The doctors of NEIGRIHMS today in a state of shock have rescued a driver who had been injured in a collision. .
The delegation was led by Vice President Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, Secretary Isaac Basaiawmoit, Chief Organizing Secretary John Lyngdoh and others.
Do these authorities keep track of the calls and dulir that their office registers?
If the two lane road is not allowed, there is no way to stop the mining of uranium in the state, because according to the Atomic Energy Act 1962, the Government of India cannot mine uranium without any permission. This is clearly stated in Section 10 and Section 11 of the Act.
Poor women and positive cases of covid-19 in the same vehicle which was against the protocols laid down by the government, maybe this puts at risk many of them, said Pynskhemborlang Shangdiar. Hamir Syiemlieh, President and General Secretary of KSU Rangthong Unit.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The India International Friendship Society (IIFS) has honored Bah K Mechaldo Roy Khyllep, Deputy Commissioner of the Taxation Department, Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 29: A total of 87 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 19 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in Eastern West Khasi Hills and 3 in North Garo Hills. , Ri Bhoi 3, South Garo Hills 3, South West Garo Hills 13, West Garo Hills 37, West Jaintia Hills 4 cases.
On the other hand, the Union Minister promised to assist in the improvement of the employment opportunities of the people in Meghalaya.
The DGP also congratulated the Ri Bhoi Police for the seizure of Ganja at Lad Umsaw on Tuesday.
He said that this order will come into force immediately.
On this day, many games were played by the people with disabilities.
UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, in the presence of Paul Lyngdoh, Kyrmen Shylla, Government Ministers and HSPDP leaders attended the launch of the MP election manifesto. Assembly 2024.
Marwein said that if the government needs them during the elections, it should think about the people. This rally is to show the government that it needs to do something to protect the people. The people and the market dwellers have suffered greatly.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Mawkasiang Unit on Tuesday sent a letter to the Director of the North East Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy to urge him to open the hospital for the benefit of the people.
The father of Shadap, Raid Nongtung, has expressed his satisfaction that the government led by Cornad K Sangma has now taken the responsibility to resolve the border issue unlike other governments. in the past, the conversations have remained only conversations.
The public will also be the press media especially in this age.
“Meghalaya is the smallest state in India, the homeland of the smallest ethnic minorities, and the most backward in all aspects, which is now in grave danger of The invasion of other ethnic groups from northern India, who have entered, left, lived, worked, earned and earned their living in the state without strict laws “It has affected and put the country and the small nation at great risk,” said Bah Ryngkhlem.
The Prime Minister was briefed on the plans to implement this, including from training to women's SHGs to supervision.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister also spoke about the government's provision of medicines to the people. On this occasion, the government wants the central government to assist the state government in the purchase of medicines. to the life of man.
As a reminder, this is one of the oldest demands of the JSU which started in 2001 during the tenure of President Charles Phawa. NEHU Campus, but due to the suspension of the Government through the HRD Ministry from the Universities to open campuses from this year, a Community College has had to be set up instead of the Campus for Job Oriented & Skill Development Courses / Activities) in Wahiajer Village.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The residents of Mawkynrew Public Health Center and the management of Mawkynrew Public Health Center to get an ambulance has come true last month after the Chief Minister of Mawkynrew Public Health Centre, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, who is also The Minister of State, has visited the hospital to hand over the ambulance.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that the need for an Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya is due to the Citizenship Amendment Act, Speaking to reporters, the Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said that the reason why the ILP is needed now is because of the arrival of The CAA, which has tried to explain to the people about the CAA, has been spoken by the Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah inside and outside the House. India was divided at the time of independence on the basis of religion.
When they have any problems, they should talk to the authorities why they should affect the employees especially the women who work in the CEM's office where they have been injured.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong today said that the government has appointed a team of inquiry to investigate the attendance of 41 people at a wedding ceremony held in 27/6/2020 at Greenwood Resort in Assam.
The success of Democracy in India is due to the strength and detail of the Constitution.
However, this improvement of this road is not only for the benefit of the passengers, but also puts the passengers at risk in many ways which requires careful attention and finding ways. AJYWO Central Body President Bah MH Dkhar said:
It was organized by the President, Tymmen Basan C. Marsing and General Secretary, Mr. AL Gallong, on behalf of the Khasi Jaintia Christian Endeavor Union.
The union will continue to issue trading licenses and labor licenses of foreigners in all areas of Umiam Circle.
On this occasion, a booklet on the disease was also launched.
The HNLC leader in a statement said that the HNLC will not refuse to send an IED bomb to the building.
In a petition sent to the Regional Director of NIOS, the union also requested to conduct awareness programs or roadshows as in other districts and also to encourage the people of the area to register for this scheme. training.
Shillong, Nailar, 05: The AJYWO Sengkmie has expressed its deep sorrow over the deterioration of the NH 44 from Soomer to Malidor.
The total number of cases of COVID-19 in Meghalaya has risen to 50 and 43 have recovered.
The Mawpdang Parish will lose the Mawkasiang Church which has been merged with the Mawpat Parish and the Mawbri Parish will lose the Mawkhanu, Lumdiengngan and Wahmyntait Churches.
This will showcase the work done by the government in the fields of education, health, rural development and how the government is striving to bring about the needs of the people. the everyday people.
Regarding the liquor outlets or bars known in foreign languages, they have been allowed to open after the puja on 26/10/2020 in the state in accordance with the rules and regulations to be laid down by the government. .
This was announced by Shabri Bhattasali, Member of the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), who said that the Income Tax Department collects more than half of the Central Government's revenue. She was speaking at the two-day meeting of Income-Tax Administrators of Eastern Zone which started today in Guwahati.
On the other hand, the MDC of Umsning, on hearing this demand from the CEM to apologize for his use of the word Tynmen Basan, he apologized to the House and the CEM. this statement shall not be entered into the record of the House.
On this occasion, the president of the KSU said that he reminded that the demand of the KSU is that the Khasi language should be included in the fifth schedule of the Constitution of India.
This is the purpose of the 370-400 proclamation.
During his youth, he was good at studies and had a spirit of public service which he got inspired during the freedom struggle.
The District Council has done its best for the welfare of the Khasi households, because a household ruled by a Khasi mother and a non-Khasi Rangbah will not be able to improve them. of their children in a full manner to love their own country.
The traders also said that the farmers are also happy because they have sold their crops.
The public who attended the exhibition saw what the Army does and works, at the same time it was an opportunity for the public to see the helicopters of the Army. and the soldiers came near and touched them.
Assam Governor Gulab Chand Katarai, Assam Chief Minister Dr Himanta Biswa Sarma and Union Minister in charge of Ports, Shipping and Waterways and AYUSH Sarbananda Sonowal attended the meeting along with others. other de.
Shillong, July 15: U Bah Kyrshan Kharnaior, 31, Personal Security Officer, Bah DD Lapang, former Chief Minister and MLA, has passed away at 7.35 pm today. He was arrested at his house in New Colony Laitumkhrah with a pistol.
The RBI urges the public not to listen to such misunderstandings and accept these notes as they have been issued by the government without any complaint.
There has never been such anxiety and wonder as in these days.
In the past, when the Sorar wanted to do something in this area, it asked for permission from the village of Mawsynram. After the Yatra, they also ask permission from the village, and permission is usually given on one condition that during the Yatra, the visitors should not be disturbed and they should clean.
The Government will also introduce Aadhaar Pay for those people who do not have debit cards and this year the Government will implement 20 lakh Aadhaar Pay. before the end of October 2017 and the government will spend up to T.2,500 crore to do this.
Shillong, May 30: The FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle has received a complaint from the residents of Mylliem – Upper Shillong area regarding the infiltration of unidentified foreigners. Members of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle under the leadership of Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, FKJGP President Upper Shillong Circle in the presence of Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang The Enforcement Department of the Khasi Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today conducted a surprise raid on these foreigners at three places in Mawsawa, Mylliem and also in parts of the village. One Sea, Mylliem.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The National Cadet Corps (NCC) has celebrated its Cadet Month across the country and members of the NCC in the North East have also celebrated this month. which started on the 24th and will end on the 30th of this month.
“The Prime Minister's statement means that he no longer wants to talk within the government.
Shillong, Naitung 21: Air hostess students trained at Crewlink Aviation and Hospitality in Laitumkhrah have been welcomed by an Indigo flight at Umroi, Shillong Airport.
The Legislative Assembly in collaboration with the North Eastern Space Application Center has been informed to survey the water wells and found that there are up to 50,000 water wells in the state. Your State does not have a State Water Policy.
Banteidor said that the farmers are training their children in agriculture and the cultivation of rice, kubi, phulkubi is not easy in these areas.
The Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority (MSA) has urged the people who are still in the midst of legal disputes to come forward for a speedy trial through the Lok Adalat.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: A man was arrested while selling drugs at Police Point Laitumkhrah today.
“During the investigation, it was found that the suspect was staying at the house of one of the arrested on the evening of the 17th June.
Darwin M Sangma MPS, SP West Khasi Hills District has been transferred from the post and appointed as the SP of F&ES.
There was also a short interview between him and Mirchi RJ Nicky J where he talked about his journey in his life and urged the youth to come forward to take part in the that politician.
To strengthen self-employment opportunities for people in need, NEDFi has set up branches in all the states of the North East to work with startups through meetings where they have been explained about venture funds.
Jowai, Nailar 27: Four members of SBI have met with the leaders of KSU JOWAI CIRCLE regarding the closure of the Bank Branch at Phramer.
The winners of the dance competitions in the districts will receive 40,000 tyngka and the winners of the Meghalaya who got talent will receive 10 lakh tyngka.
After the services, it was seen that the believers greeted each other with the greeting “Merry Christmas to you”.
What has shocked the people in the rule of the Congress-led government is the delay in the hearing of justice in which a PIL has been filed against eight cement companies by JYF for helping the cement companies. The government has ordered the government to earn revenue of Rs 1000 crore through the illegal and unregulated establishment of dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills without the permission of the MoEF of the central government.
Arup Nag, Secretary of the CPC, said that for hundreds of years they have lived together in peace as brothers and sisters. Durga Puja and requested them to join hands in the Durga Puja.
This is how to manage water sources in better ways, on this basis one of the tasks is to ensure that the various water sources, which are located across urban and urban areas are to use them and to improve them and to maintain them by irrigating them as much as possible.
Jugali who have not received their appointment letters have staged a two-day sit-in at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat to protest against the government's delay in issuing their appointment letters. 466 people in Jugali.
He said that although the ASHAs do not receive salary, 30 ASHAs have benefited from various programs of the Ministry of Health and have received Rs 2,91,450 per annum (2016-17) and up to These days, ASHAs have received Rs 66,450 (2017-18) from their regular jobs, and include other incomes.
Speaking to reporters after the appointment of Bah Blah as Chairman of the SAC, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that this is the first time in India that there has been a the SAC and the function of this SAC is to oversee the development schemes of the government implemented for the benefit of the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Nongpoh Police have arrested Bah Albert Kharbani on charges of taking T.50,000/- from Misinda Mynsong with the promise of employment inside the Rural Bank. in Nongpoh.
He said that if he wins, he has a goal to bring about changes in Laban-Mawprem Constituency and to address the issue of land and border issues which the people have suffered so much. big.
This will also teach them how they can learn about what they need to do well in school and in life.
In these days, all the political parties and candidates have held their meetings to explain to the public what the parties have to convey to the people whether it is on behalf of the party and the candidates as well.
This decision was taken at a meeting held at Mooblang Football Ground where hundreds of elders, mothers and youth residents of Iooksi Iapkhla village agreed to send Nehemayah Tyngkan as the candidate to contest MLA election
Shillong, Nailur 18: U Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy today swore in Bah Brolding Nongsiej as Minister of State at Raj Bahvan Shillong in the presence of Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
According to Bah Blah, the state has two legislative bodies, the State Government and the Autonomous District Councils.
The important thing is to understand which villages should be in Assam, these villages should be in Meghalaya and how many places to go to Assam how many places to come to Meghalaya. The Survey Department of India will come in the presence of both the states.
On the Congress' allegation that the NPP is collaborating with the BJP, Conrad said the Congress has no demand for anything else and has just spread this false news.
Speaking to reporters, he said that according to the figures provided by the State Disaster Management Authority, two schools have been destroyed in Eastern West Khasi Hills and one church building has been destroyed. color in Wapung, East Jaintia Hills.
Afterwards, the team was honored by the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government at the Secretariat.
Sanmit said that regarding the arrangement of the allocated schools, the government has not been able to provide them due to the backlog in the NEET examination.
Shillong, July 29: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 320 people have tested positive for COVID-1 cases from Garo Hills, 14 cases from Ri Bhoi, 12 cases from West Khasi Hills and
Earlier, they laid flowers at the two statues of the great men of the Khasi people, Tirot Singh and Soso Tham.
Afterwards, Bah Lamphrang as the Chief Leader of the party, confirmed all the office bearers of the party including the President, Bryan Sohkhlet, Vice President, Gregory Kyrsian, General Secretary, SK Syiemiong, Asst General. secy, B Sohpdang, education secretary, Jop Nongsiej, sports secretary, HS Syngkli, finance secretary, John Sohkhlet, organizing secretary, Rokesh R Marak, social & cultural secretary, Maitphang Kharbuki and publicity secretary, David Kharjahrin , along with 14 members of the Executive Committee of the district.
In her speech, the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, praised the school for its progress despite the difficulties they have faced.
According to the information and suggestions given at this seminar and to invite more participation of those who can become PDOs/PDOAs; The DoT NE LSA is scheduled to hold a discussion on the PM-WANI via the internet on the 22nd June 2022 at 11:30 pm.
To fight against this ban on child labor is a big challenge, it is for this reason that the celebration of this day as the day against child labor was held in Satlak. world to educate people.
On the part of the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngian Syiem, he appealed to the civil society organizations to allow this celebration to go smoothly as this is a celebration of the nation as a whole.
The residents want the government or the army to clean up the road at the top of the market which has put the residents in trouble because it has become very bad.
“We are against the reservation policy because it is illegal according to paragraph 3.4.” We will wait for the decision of the meeting of all political parties, but if there is no attention on this issue, The party is ready to protest with various programs to show its opposition.
Shillong, November 11: U Vincent H Pala, MP, Shillong on Saturday inaugurated the Christ King Higher Secondary School at Riangdo, West Khasi Hills District.
He also urged the leaders of the miners to keep their promise and to avoid the water wells so that it will not affect the drinking water supply of the village.
It is to be recalled that the Wapung unit has sent a letter to the EE PWD Roads Khliehriat Division on 22nd September 2022 and this time the union believes that the department has not The department will repair this road to facilitate the traffic.
Shillong, March 16: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today announced in Delhi that the three-day Indian International Cherry Blossom Festival 2018 will start on the 14th and end on the 17th. of November next month in Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the meeting between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and Sarbananda Sonowal will be held in July. Assam has not been able to speak on the border.
The Government has set up a High Level Committee to resolve this issue but they don't even consider the State Government and they seem to rule over Meghalaya.
Police have registered a complaint in connection with the incident and an investigation will be conducted to find out the cause of the overturning of the bus.
Shillong, Lber 08: The Khasi film 9-Lad, which started its screening on 28th June, has been canceled in the past few days due to the curfew. However, from today Sunday 8th October, all 5 shows will be broadcast at 11AM, 1PM, 3PM, 5PM and 7PM.
To decide the tie breaker, Shillong East scored four goals and JHDU scored two goals.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of District Council Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong, in an interview with the media, said, “Recently, the two Autonomous District Councils have sent a proposal to the Government. State to extend the term of office of the Delimitation Committees.
The CEM of KHADC said that the funds through the 15Finance Commission have not been received yet because there are still many problems especially from the Finance Department of the Central Government which will be sent through the Rural Development Department.
He also reminded that the foundation of the party has remained firm until now without any change.
The meeting was attended by the Chief Minister, FKS President Paiem PM Syiemlieh, FKS President, FKS President Bah HL Ryntathiang and General Secretary. Shillong, November 18: Elgiva Rynjah today launched the flag of the “Christmas Carol”. "The bike riders association known as TULBA from the State Central Library to Sohra.
Shillong, November 22: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has said that the CAA has nothing to do with the ILP. North Eastern Region and Meghalaya.
Because according to this act it is clear that he is challenging the rules of RTI implemented in the country.
He also explained the benefits of the MHIS. Those who attended this day were more than 400 people who came to take part in this treatment, doctors who attended Ganesh Das Hospital, Shillong and NEIGRIHMS, Shillong.
He said that as these 35 members of the NDRF have put their minds to reach the goal of this climb, the team should do the same in relation to the goal of no loss. human soul.
There are 265 cases of COVID-19 in the state, 116 cases in East Khasi Hills, 49 cases in Ri Bhoi. to 2636 people.
In Tura, the Lairong flag of the country will be hoisted by the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong. The government has already invited the government ministers and MLAs to hoist the flag. the day according to the commandment.
On this occasion, they also held games on how physical activity helps to avoid evils and brings a strong and balanced mind.
Dr Mukul Sangma has faced many difficulties due to the inability to appoint many MLAs to the post of Minister. Chairman of the Cabinet.
Besides, cash rewards and new vehicles were also awarded to these illegal workers to detonate the IED bombs, said the statement.
Speaking to reporters, Bapi Ghosh said that they had taken their son to the hospital for surgery but the surprise was that he was not able to walk. The doctor circumcised the child.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner said that the temporary shelter of the affected people in Lawlynter village has been set up. the environment from the storm surge.
This is necessary in many ways to protect the nation.
This natural disaster has left many of the people of this area homeless.
Nowadays, people are filled with joy when they get a daughter and mothers have brought glory to the country in all fields, be it sports, science, entertainment, national defense or you don't fly.
By bringing in effective policies to reduce the consumption and consumption of tobacco can reduce these losses, and can use this wealth going here for doing other pat that kind of work.
The Minister said that the ADB has approved a scheme of T.500 crore to implement the protection of springs in the state. all ways to protect water sources.
Answering a question, he said that as of now, the groundwater level in Shillong has not been affected, but what is dangerous is the water supply system in Shillong. Shillong is located on the rocky outcrops and if it is affected it will be dangerous and that is why they have to think carefully.
It is true that the wine-stores have already been relocated away from the National Highways and State Highways by implementing the order of the Hon'ble and Supreme Court, but the surprising thing is that, “On what law does it allow such shops to be on both sides of the NH-6?” said Bah MH Dkhar.
All the District Capitals will be connected to the neighboring highways by 2-lane roads and Mawkyrwat will get a Bye Pass road from Lad Mawreng to Ranikor with a length of 109 kilometers and this has already been approved.
Noting that Meghalaya's water supply system has been praised by the Ministry of Jal Shakti, Government of India, the Chief Minister said, “Meghalaya is the first state in the country to implement the and many ways to stir up the water.
There was also a discussion on how to develop the North East especially in the field of trade and roads as this area is very employable.
In this reform, for the states of the North Eastern Region of India, the fee has been increased from T.75 tyngka to T.150 tyngka. for T.1500.
On Garo Hills, the party has appointed a President to look after the Garo Hills District, two Assistant Secretaries and two Vice Presidents, a new General Secretary and a Legal Adviser to look after the state. other.
Six pigs died in Mawphlang and one in Marbisu, seven pigs died in Zero Point and one in Umran Dairy. Bhoi District is located in Umsning Block.
The construction of the tallest bridge to Sairang has been completed. The height of this bridge is 104 meters, the Quub Minar is covered by 42 meters. There are 9 roads that have to be passed through.
Jowai, July 29: U Bah Shaniah Kyndiah has lodged a complaint with the Ladrymbai Police Station that Sngap Mukhim has gone to take a Maruti car (ML-05C-8933) from the ground floor of his house in Kremmyrsiang. in West Jiantia Hills District.
The KSU has handed over them to the Mairang Police Station for further investigation.
Shillong, July 23: The Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides, Shillong, have expressed their deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Honsen Lyngdoh. He was called the “Father of the Scout Movement in Meghalaya”.
Besides the dance of the Garo people, the festival will also feature the dance of the Hajong, Koch and Rabha people, said Nongbri.
The training center in Shillong can accommodate only 300 students.
This shows that more EC members opposed Dr. Eureka than those who supported her in the last elections.
The flag of the religious organization was hoisted at Don Bosco Technical School, Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
For vehicles traveling within Sohra and Pynursla Civil Sub Division, it will be up to the SDOs to arrange for 33% vehicles to travel and from these areas vehicles will not be allowed to enter Shillong without obtain a pass from the relevant authorities.
The Nehru Institute of Mountaineering Uttarkashi on Saturday announced that nine bodies of the deceased have been recovered and one of them is that of Bah Tiklu Jyrwa, out of 29 as of 8/10/2 bodies have been recovered and 3 bodies remain.
The boat race will include the Olympic events such as Giant Slalom and Extreme Boater.
The participants were from Umktieh, Mynsain, Pynthor and Mawlyndep.
to set up a special vehicle in each Block for the purpose of inspecting MGNREGS schemes; 6.
In her speech, the Principal Secretary, Tourism Department, Government of Mizoram, Manisha Saxenaka said that Mizoram has always been famous for its tourism opportunities, beautiful landscape, rugged mountains and 90% of Mizoram is covered with forests and the climate is not too hot or cold and this attracts tourists.
“There have been many unfounded writings about Syiem Tirot Singh,” said Prof Syiemlieh.
Although the three languages ​​Manipuri, Bodo and Assamese are recognized, there is not a single teacher to teach these languages.
He said that the illegal entry of the authorities into East Jaintia Hills District will bring about a change in the population and will also affect the employment of the villagers due to the recent implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Act ( CAA) in the country and this will put more pressure on the residents of the state if the Bangladeshi authorities continue to enter the district illegally.
In his speech, the Rangbah Shnong of Upper Lumparing, said that the village has been wanting to get this road since 1978 and the efforts to get this road have been made with many MLAs who have gone. When Bah Sanbor Shullai won in 2008, they met him to discuss this road.
“Surprisingly, many of those who intend to register are Nepalis and some of them have lined up inside the office of the DC East Jaintia earlier which has canceled the Aadhar registration,” said Albinus Lamurong.
On receiving this information, the police rushed to the scene and arrested four persons involved in the robbery. They are Ionis Pyrtuh, Kitbok. Dkhar, We Dkhar, I'll Be There.
The two-day orientation workshop for the members of CWC, JJB, SJPU, ICPS ended on Friday at Don Bosco Youth Centre, Shillong. Inspector General, CID, Mr.V.Rana.
Regarding the issuance of Domicile Residential Certificate, no citizen from other states can apply for Permanent Residential Certificate from this state, said the CEM. KHADC.Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Sangeet Natak has been organized by the Sangeet Natak, the leading shlem in India. Academy in Shillong from 19th to 21st June,
In this regard, the Seng will meet with the Directorate to explain these issues of the youth.
The rescue operation was carried out by helicopter this morning.
Others who attended the function were the Principal of St. Mary's College, Shillong, Dr. Sister Mary Harriet, Secretary, Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong, Swami Sarvabhutanandaji Maharaj, Secretary, Swami Anuraganandaji Maharaj. Swami Vedasaranandaji Maharaj was also present on the occasion.
On the occasion, the Chief Minister also spoke about many things that the government has done especially in the border settlement with Assam which has been in existence for 50 years. The Government has taken a different step to resolve this border dispute.
Shillong, July 28: The ICFAI, Meghalaya today held the District Youth Parliament (DYP) 2019 under the National Youth Parliament 2019 scheme through the Ministry of Sports of the Union Government.
He urged them to be diligent in their studies without forgetting to be polite.
The scheme has been implemented by the Social Welfare Department and the Prime Minister wants the people to benefit from this scheme.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: Replying to a discussion on the issue of border issues, the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) said that the KHADC will stand on the basis of the needs of the Hima.
They have also spent up to T.16.85 crore on the assistance to the poor in the form of food for those who are still studying.
The Seng Kur Warjri also announced the contribution of the former Khliehduh Bah DL Warjri, who passed away last year and now Bah George Warjri has taken over the post of Chief Minister together with his team. work.
The former Chief Minister, who is also the Leader of the Opposition, said that he cannot remain silent on the government's actions. The Lokayukta and those involved in the law shall take the necessary action.
Shillong, June 09: Meghalaya, which is in the first phase of the Lok Sabha elections, will elect its leaders from the 1-Shillong (ST) and 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituencies in on June 19, 2024.
According to Bah Wankhar, the fish tested were imported from Andhra Pradesh and other fish were imported from outside the state.
During the meeting, the Minister of Home Affairs promised to suspend the implementation of the UIN in Meghalaya after talks with the relevant authorities.
Other newly elected members of the CEC include Ruben Najir, Organizing Secretary, Raymond Kharjana and Education Secretary Pynkmenlang Sanmiet.
“Bah Sain Kyrmen, you have received my emails that I sent earlier but I have not received any reply from you.
M Kharkrang Secretary to the Legislative Assembly said that the office has received two nominations for the Chairman election in KHADC. Shillong, Naitung 22: “Be merciful” is the theme of the Silver Jubilee of the Women's Association of the Village Church which is taken from the Gospel of Luke
On the one hand, most of the land is currently being brought under irrigation capacity through irrigation and connection to rivers.
“He congratulated the Meghalaya Government for the initiative of the Minister of Food Civil Supply and Consumer Affairs, Bah Comingone Ymbon to talk to the Mazdoor Union where they have decided to resume the supply of fuel. to Meghalaya and stop the protests after discussing the problems that the people will face if the import of petrol and diesel into Meghalaya is stopped.
HSPDP.Envelope.
On the same day, Defense Minister Amit Shah paid tribute at the National Police Memorial to the policemen who have sacrificed their lives to protect the honor of the country. shirta the patriotism through their sacrifices.
On receiving this information, the Fire Brigade rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire but due to the speed of the fire they could not extinguish or protect the victims. inventory in stores.
Phillip Mylliem Sordar of Laitlum Village said that the contest will be for the youth and mothers. The contest will be held only for the youth and mothers of Laitlum. Mawkynrew Constituency.
In this regard, the organization invites and invites all the Pnar youth from Jaintia Hills who live in Shillong, who are working and who are studying in various fields in Shillong.
The Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MJAC) on Thursday lodged a complaint with the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma on the allegation that the management of factories within the border of East Jaintia Hills District They smuggle coal and mawshun to the coal mining factories in East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Iaiong 22: Three cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed at the Civil Hospital Shillong, two cases have been admitted to one karma and one to another case, said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today. .
It is a small pain and suffering that we will face as a people when we think of being temporarily quarantined, but on the other hand it will be a blessing and a benefit. Especially for those families of those who have returned to the state.
He said that the closure of the hospital is an attempt to expel the Khasi who have worked at the hospital.
The ceremony started today and will continue for four days and the blessing will be held on the 8th of this month.
To continue the Christmas celebration, a song was performed by the choir of Laban Presbyterian Church, the boys of Jaiaw Presbyterian Church.
The people will benefit from health care, swachchta, nutritious food, clean water and new opportunities.
He said that now there are many ways in which banks provide education loans for children.
The budget allocated by the government is T.16.98 crore.
There are times when decisions are taken without considering the political interests but this affects the future development of the youth of our country.
In this second phase, accommodation for students, doctors and staff will be built.
The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has summoned the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills, Rituraj Ravi on the 20th of this month in connection with the incident on the midnight of the 9th of this month. The SP together with the police raided the parking lot of Bindas Syiem at the parking lot opposite the Additional Secretariat Office, Shillong.
Magistrate DM Suja, while on patrol, found that some members of the KSU were arrested at 9.30 pm on Tuesday and they were Wilson Ryngkhlem, Kitboklang Lyndem and Rishal Nongsiej was arrested.
What has the government done for the teachers to increase the salaries of the teachers as the union has demanded from the government that SSA teachers in LPs should receive T.19044/- tyngka and for UPs it should be T.19044/- tyngka. T.20493/- rupees.
"“You will file a complaint in June
This warning is issued throughout the district within Ri Bhoi District , to keep the tourist attractions clean and safe , the office has warned strongly and said that it is illegal to throw plastic in that is the world's largest.
On 09/10/2020, KSU and Dr. Bremley Wanbantei Lyngdoh visited Nongbah Jynrin and found that there is a high radiation level of 350CPM and 1.317usv/h. .
Other political parties that have come out to support the KSU are the VPP, FKJGP, JSU, HITO, HNYM, AJYWO. Shillong, Nailur 20: The Synrai Dorbar of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has passed smoothly and many issues have been discussed.
Other Union Ministers who attended the function included Anil Madhav Dave, Jaswantsinh, Sumanbhai Bhabhor, Sudarshan Bhagat, Kiren Rijiju and Vishnu Deo Sai.
Madhavpur Ghed, a small but important town, is the place where according to legend Lord Krishna is said to have married Rukmini, the daughter of King Bhishmaka.
For the remaining districts, nominations can be submitted in advance through the MJA. This is also another preparation for the Junior National Judo Championship 2014 to be held in Shillong.
Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Prema Khandu, Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswas Sharma, Manipur Chief Minister N. Biren Singh, Mizoram Chief Minister Pu Zormathanga, Minister Sikkim Chief Minister PS Golay and Tripura Chief Minister Dr Manik Saha.
Meanwhile, the General Secretary of the HNLC in a statement sent today said that if the government implements this proposal for peace talks, the HNLC will not lack anything. The General Secretary is appointed as the General Secretary in terms of personnel, money and weapons.
At the same time, Momin said that what is the benefit of implementing the ILP when in West Garo Hills nothing can be done or protected.
In this meeting with the CEM of KHADC and the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, these Seng Samla expressed their strong opposition to the demand of these Garo people to become Rangbah Shnongs in these areas. Region.
The reason for the closure of this road is due to the lack of understanding between the PWD and the Ministry of Defense. This road is maintained by the Assam Riffle while the Assam Riffle office is still in Nongrimaw.
The swimmers tried their best to rescue him but could not.
No.941322964 Bhanwarlal Lal, 41, committed suicide by shooting himself at his workplace at 67 Bn.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Dorbar Shnong Mission Compound today held a welcome ceremony for the doctors and staff of Bethany Hospital Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the party said that all the candidates announced by the party so far are 11 candidates. I don't know what to do.
These two types of explosives were brought by these stone traders from East Pakistan and there was no Explosive License at that time as it is now.
We will consult the patient before proceeding with this treatment.
These are the new battalions of the Assam Regiment; Brigadier Sudhir Kumar Jha, Commandant, Assam Regimental Centre, in the presence of Lt General Praveen Bakshi GOC-in. C Eastern Command, Lt General Subrata Saha, Colonel of Assam Regiment and Arunachal Scouts.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Pravin Bakshi, said that he has received information that BSF personnel in Tura after eating and drinking in the morning have become ill. also stirred up.
The Investigating Officer (IO) is still on duty.
On this occasion, the union also distributed leaflets prepared by the union to the people of Khliehriat. to explain to the public how it will affect the region and the state as a whole.
There are 144 recoveries today, mostly from East Khasi Hills 87, East Khasi Hills 24, bringing the total number of recoveries to
The number of COVID-19 positive cases in the state has decreased.
The decision to amend the rules was approved by the Cabinet led by the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday.
Ngai Rami, 28, revealed the name of the two men who were arrested by the EJH District Police from Shillong. Nongsning was arrested by the East Jaintia Hills Police.
Kiren Rijiju urged the North Eastern States to use the funds allocated for the development of the North Eastern Region. the states of this region to use the funds allocated.
He said that there will be more recruitment of young men and women in this police force to ensure adequate protection for the state.
Shillong, Iaiong 07: The Minister in charge of Culture and Heritage of Meghalaya, Bah AL Hek today inaugurated the five-day exhibition organized by the Ministry of Information and Culture. of the Central Government PIB at the Golflink Assembly.
On this occasion, he congratulated the Superintendent of Police in charge of West Khasi Hills District for sending the police to patrol and ensure that no incident occurs. tragic event.
We are investigating the T.16.98 crore payment of T.2000 to the ASHAs and the payment through the NHM we have spent T.22.68 crore for the ASHAs. The total amount is T.Rs 40.5 crore,” she said. added.
Finally, I would like to conclude by saying that all the citizens of the country should remember the great work of Sardar Patel in the construction of modern India and a united India as the country moves forward as one of the most developed economies in the world.
Shillong, November 19: Shillong Police today raided Sohiong village to crack down on illegal activities in Sohiong village.
Disiona Passah, mother of Hariba Passah, who took over the Quest House, said that the accommodation for these people was that they had empty rooms, but Sanbor was not the one who took over the Quest House. The owner of the house came to lock the door and many of these guests had their documents inside the room.
They also informed the Minister of Health and Family Welfare that the government should have set up a health center in Wahlyngdoh village as four of this village has 20 other villages and the number of residents has increased. There are 8,000 people.
The KSU has distributed garbage cans to educate the residents of the village and also those who visit the health center to be clean and hygienic for the benefit of the residents. This was done by the KSU, Nangbah Unit.
On the same day, BJP candidate Rikman G Momin has also filed his nomination papers from the BJP. Three candidates have filed their nomination papers from the 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency.
However, through this project, it will help a lot especially to the villagers of Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
After the meeting, the HPC members visited the Legislative Assembly at Mawdaigndiang which is currently cleaning the ground from the area where the Dome collapsed.
He said that each of us is born in our own right.
The total number of recoveries today is 91, 70 from East Khasi Hills, 8 from West Garo Hills, 7 from West Jaintia Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi. , The total number of recoveries in the state has risen to
He said the people of Meghalaya still trust the BJP under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi who has brought about many development projects in the country and especially in the North East.
When asked about the demand for Sohra District, the Chief Minister did not give a clear answer but said that the land availability will fall and the government has to look into it. .
Shillong, Jymmang 16: MeECL employees under the umbrella of CCORMAU today vowed to stage a strike if they do not receive their salaries within the 10th of each month. .
The CSWO alleged that politicians, government officials and the police do not want to resolve the insurgency because they have money that they can use as they please.
We feel that this will cause problems to the area where there will be an influx of foreigners into the border areas and the same problems even in the areas where there are only indigenous people.
According to members of the Seng Samla Shnong Lumshyiap who used to patrol the remote area farther away from the village, they said that the fire broke out at the place where the plastic water pipes were installed. The PHE department suspects that it may also be due to the frequent forest fires in this area adjacent to the Law Syiem.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Deputy Superintendent of Police in charge of TAP, DK Prasad, today addressed the students who received their certificates after completing their Computer course at the TAP. Ramakrishan Mission at Quinton Road where he urged the youth to avoid drugs.
Therefore, the union requests all D.El.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: Following the abduction of four residents from Kolapara in South Garo Hills District, police have conducted a raid on suspected militants. free these civilians from this captivity.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that the BJP leaders have gone around the Ampati Constituency to seek the support of the people to win the election. The NPP candidate will not be in the MDA government.
The purpose of this rally is to raise awareness and oppose these issues that affect the environment especially on the uranium and the Ranikor River or other issues. to address the issue of environmental protection by which the government has failed to explain and bring the facts before the public on the most important issues on such a day.
The union has always urged the state government to introduce the Education Policy as soon as possible, and we don't know how many years it will take for the state government to take action on this.
It may be recalled that when the House recognized the Congress as the party to lead the opposition and Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Leader of the Opposition, Process T Sawkmie was appointed as the Speaker. the opposition in the state legislature.
The village has received clean electricity after the village leaders have taken the initiative to lodge a complaint with the relevant authorities of the electricity distribution department in Khliehriat East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, March 22: U Prime Minister Narendra Modi today inaugurated through video conferencing the RozgarMela – the employment of 10 lakh people.
Before the programme, Rangbah Bah Andra Kharkongor said that at the time of the establishment of the Sport and Cultural Association, they faced many difficulties because they did not have enough funds to establish the Sports and Cultural Association. He praised and blessed the current leaders to continue to work better so that the club can appear not only here but also elsewhere.
On the other hand, the RDSA expressed its gratitude to the Minister and hopes that it will help the youth of Ri Bhoi District to develop in sports. sap is worn in sports.
According to police sources, the child was from Madanriting and they had gone to the place to have a good time but found out the incident.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The polling for the mid-term MLA elections in 51-South Tura and 35-Ranikor Constituencies will be held tomorrow morning. The decision of whom to send to the Legislative Assembly of the State as their representatives.
Replying to questions by SP News Agency, Assistant General Manager of MIDC Rikrak C Momin said that the MIDC has not yet suspended the jobs, but the jobs are only for a few. The MIDC does not have the right to do so.
On the other hand, Bah Pynshngian said that the government has not been able to implement according to the wishes of the people and whatever the village in the AICC has thought about.
We welcome and we are ready to respond and we have not hesitated but if they start we are not blind and deaf,” said the statement.
To have a policy on industrial activities.
Shillong, Naitung 22: A group of various civil society organizations together with the residents of Sabuda village today held a public meeting at Sabuda to protest against the violence of Assam to destroy the village. day care center for school children in the village.
It was the Congress government in Meghalaya led by Mukul Sangma which proposed and rejected after talks with the party in
Jowai, July 16: The AJYWO Central Body, according to RTI, has found that there are only 1264 Trading Licenses of Non-N Sutnga. Tribals who have renewed their Trading Licenses in Jaintia Hills, and the JHADC has collected revenue of Rs.1,21,13,652/- from these.
During the meeting, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Aman Warr, spoke on the construction of health centers with the assistance of the Central Government and this has helped the State Government in delivering the services. treatment in different parts of the state.
The meeting was conducted by the Vice President of ACHIK and invited the public to attend the meeting. He reminded that the rights of the Garo people in the 50 last year has now been taken away.
Therefore, the Union urges the authorities of schools and markets to take action for the sake of cleanliness, health of the people, children. School and Mother Nature.
He said that the Tribal Affairs Department of the Union Government has made it clear that the State Government has not issued the Utilization Certificate, and the State Government has not issued the UC for the year 2016, the Central Government will not release the fund for the year 2016-2
The long waiting of the SSA teachers to receive the arrear salary has come true after the Minister of Education of the State Government Rakkam A. Sangma informed the Meghalaya SSA School. The Association said that the Finance Department of the State Government has released the first installment of T.12.44 crore for the Financial Year 2016-2
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, Advisor and Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, presented a copy of the articles published in the White Paper of India.
After a thorough investigation, the current Rangbah Shnong (who was the Secretary of the VEC in 2010 & 2011), has confessed before the Dorbar and the members of the party, that in 2010-1 He received a Work Order for 6,46,600 tyngka but he told the public that he received only 3,88,000 tyngka (wages) by hiding 2,58,600 tyngka for the purchase of materials.
This Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Seng Khasi Mawlai, is also a sign of encouragement to all the parakur parakha from near and far to be ready to take part in the three day Shad Suk Mynsiem. The Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar Shillong, Shillong, has organized this festival on the 9th, 10th and 11th of June at the Lympung Shad. Weiking Square, Jaiaw, Shillong.
Other speakers at the meeting were Bah Sngewbhalang Dhar Minister in charge of Rural Development, MLA Ngaitlang Dhar, Dr C Lyngdoh, Bah A Lyngdoh MDC of Langrim, Bah M Nongrem MDC of Langrim and other government officials and village officials.
The union urges the government to implement the funds allocated for this highway properly.
They also promised to work fairly and advocate for the issues of the farmers in the state as assigned to them with all their might according to their ability and also asked for the blessings of God.
Answering questions, Nilaj said the reason for the lack of newwork is due to the lack of towers in Shillong. The company has about 35 or 40 towers. towers in this city to provide network.
There are 44 schools in four blocks in West Khasi Hills and 13 in Mawthadraishan. ,12 in Ranikor, 12 in Mawkyrwat and 7 in Mawshynrut Block which are included in the list for the year 2010-11 but it is not yet known whether all these 44 blocks have received full assistance from the government including them.
The case has been registered by the Assam Police as the house falls within the border of Assam. Police are investigating the incident as those involved in the suspicion have fled the village.
The 12 colleges are Thomas Jones Synod College Jowai, Abong Noga College Tura, Khrawsing College Mawphlang, Riwar College Pynursla, Loyola College Williamnagar, Balawan College Umsning, Mawsynram Border Area College, Selsella College, Seng Khasi College Jaiaw Shillong, Mendipathar College, Sngap Sing Memorial College, Mawkyrwat and Trikikilla College.
He said that if the EC holders do not work hard, the employees of KHADC who have more than 600 employees, as employees cannot be in any part of the work entrusted to them, they should to have the responsibility.
He said India’s outlook is a ‘return to basics’ and a ‘movement towards the future’.
Rao said there is an opportunity to use CSIR-CMERI technologies to strengthen Meghalaya and enable it to become self-reliant.
Executive Committee A: Mr. S.Kharnaior (Chairman) and Mr. FD Ramsiej (Secretary).
The Mawsynram MLA said that the government should have thought before changing the price of taxis. do as they feel they should do and that's when this stoppage comes.
This happened at about 1:00 pm.
Bah Ricky Nelson Syiem , Syiem of Mylliem Hima in his speech , expressed his gratitude to the Minister of State Government for visiting the market Regarding plastic bags, the order has come from the Central Government to allow plastic bags of 50micron while banning plastic bags of less than 40micron.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 12 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Meghalaya. Hospital has not been treated for this disease.
Shillong, November 19: The 4th teachers of SSA supported upper primary schools in the state at a meeting held today at the Khasi National Durbar Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong have decided to seek clarification from the Minister. The Ministry of Education on the demand for salary increase as this issue has already been discussed with the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma on 31st August,
He said that in the states where the ILP has been implemented, such as Arunachal Pradesh in the 1971 census, the number of indigenous people was 77% while in the 2011 census it was 77%. 68%, Nafaland, in the 1971 census the villagers were 88.61% while in the 2011 census they were 86%.
In this regard, the state government and the central government have to work together to find ways and means how to fight against the insurgents. of the availability of these goods in the markets of other countries.
The houses that have just been built because of the lack of caregivers have started to collapse like a sat, the doors have collapsed and this place has become a place for houses to be built. it is a danger if you leave your house.
In the letter, the CEM said that these two C&RD Block do not have ambulances which are well equipped to transport patients infected with Covid-1
Shillong, Nailar 07: The Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Timothy D Shira, will arrive in Shillong tomorrow morning.
Therefore, the Federation of Khasi States welcomes and supports those who demand Khasi Jaintia States and those who demand Garoland, if they stand up to demand these principles as stipulated in the Instrument of Treaties and Promises. Accession bad Annexed Agreement 17 Aug 1948).
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club today, he said that the KJNU calls upon the MP, MLA, MDC and all civil society organizations to come forward to protest against the KJNU. They demanded that the Khasi language should be included in the Eight Schedule of India.
She also urged the students to make good use of their talents especially the training they have received in the field of sports so that they can improve.
“We are the children of the Khasi Khara children first and the religion comes later, don't let the religion be about destroying our nation,” said the President of the KSU. in the state of Manipur.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Metbah said that Thomas Jones' visit was not only to preach but also to serve the Khasi people.
L Marngar, president of AMSSASA, said that they will wait for a reply from the Union Minister on this issue. they can go to the court for an explanation.
Shillong, Naitung 01: On the occasion of the 18th Anniversary of the death of Captain Keishing Clifford Nongrum, the Raj Bhavan, Shillong today held several programmes. Banwarilal Purohit lifted the flag for the race.
He said that if the office of the Hima Mylliem cannot do anything about the illegal stay of the authorities, the union will lodge a complaint with the higher authorities.
Regarding education, Bah Titos said that the KHADC has decided to continue to provide financial assistance to those schools which have not yet received financial assistance from the state government. The teacher's salary is T.36 thousand per annum.
So far, teams from more than 30 countries have arrived and more will arrive tonight.
The Durgapur-Banka Pipeline Project, part of the Paradip-Haldia-Durgapur Pipeline Augmentation Project, was laid by the Prime Minister. the country on June 17,
In a petition sent by the HITO to the CEM of KHADC, it said that according to the land titles issued by the Autonomous District Councils and other government departments, the word “land holding” means They found that the union suggested that the word “land holding” should be changed from “land holding” to “ownership certificate”. owner's house.
To urge all political parties in Meghalaya and India to support the Quota on Promotion Bill. A clear and strong Lokayukta Bill as part of providing the people with a clean and transparent governance in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Khan National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has questioned the excessive brevity of the Synrai Session of the Legislative Assembly which will start on Thursday.
The government's allowance for those between the ages of 60 to 79 years is T.250 per month and for those over 80 years of age the income is T.250 per month. T.500 tyngka per month will be deposited into your bank account.
After the inspection, the KSU expressed its regret to see the insults against the farmers. The KSU asked why the farmers are being insulted if other people from other states are allowed to do so. to come and see the farmers of the state.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Chief Executive Member of KHADC Titosstarwell Chyne said that the session of the KHADC will start on 27th March 2020 and will last for only two or three days.
Shillong, June 04: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday sent a message to the state government through a public meeting held at Motphran today. “The government should implement the Inner Line Permit, or they will call a mass protest”.
He said that the Government of India, under the leadership of the Prime Minister, continues to ensure that the North East grows along with the country as a whole by opening up all the opportunities available in various fields to bring about a better future and economy for the region.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has used a thermal screening to test MLAs, officers and all those attending the 2020-2021 Budget Session which started today. .
Speakers who came to explain on these issues included Meena Kharkongor, Chairperson SCPCR, I Warjri, Coordinator, Larry P. Warjri, President Meghalaya Judo Association and others. Great thinkers and experts.
On the demand of the teachers to recruit teachers, the government has made it clear that at present the government cannot do this because it will affect the budget of the state government. T.400 crore is spent annually.
It also showed how sporting activities brought unity.
Speaking on the rights and duties of the youth, u Kongsan Pat said that the youth have a great role to play in the development of the society. Take responsibility To improve the lives of Lajong, to avoid evil deeds, they must be strong to fight against the temptations in their lives so that they can be like flowers that brighten and glorify the home, the community, the country and to the whole nation.
Shillong, July 28: The first fish farm in West Jaintia Hills today was inaugurated at Umladkhur village under Amlarem C&RD Block. , West Jaintia Hills District.
The right to life is a human right of every human being regardless of race, ethnicity or religion and this right is enshrined in international and national law,” he said. VPP spokesperson Dr. Batskhem Myrboh.
There are also buses from Malki to Malki Point, Barik, IGP to Polo, those from Lawsohtun to Bishnupur, Rhino Point, IGP to Polo, those from Lurnparing to Madan Laban, Last Stop. , Rhino Point, IGP of  Polo.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board, said that 12 out of 22 schools in Nongkrem area have refused to hold the WIFS programme. schools have participated and worked with the health department Smit PHC, and he said that he will take action on this issue to get the cooperation of these schools and the health department. and the Education Department.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Tyrsad Circle has once again honored the students of Tyrsad Circle who have achieved their goals in the field of education. The Maitshaphrang Excellence Award 2018 is awarded to those who have excelled in their studies in various categories.
I really appreciate them.
During the meeting with the Head of State, all the groups from the District Councils and groups who attended the meeting expressed their views. other areas that should be amended in the Sixth Schedule.
The Act was also introduced in Meghalaya following the shooting death of nine people on the day of Diwali in Goalpara.
By embedding real-world challenges into the learning process, the program will nurture critical thinking, problem-solving, and collaboration abilities, all of which are crucial for success in green and sustainable career paths.
Lious Dohtdong, one of the leaders who attended the meeting, said that they are not happy because the Union Home Minister has not responded to the demand for ILP. Shillong, Naitung 25: For the better. The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has given its full support to the demand of various political parties in Mawsynram area and the MLA of Mawsynram Constituency to Mawsynram Block has been upgraded to Civil Division.
Shillong, Nailur 21: Hundreds of people have flocked to the screening of children's films organized by the Children's Film Society of India (CFSI). central in collaboration with the state government.
Database-II, Web Designing-II and Python Programming Background; Data Entry Operator (DEO) Damiki Wann and English Language & Communication Skills Abigali Mary June Langstieh.
Out of those who have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state, 24 cases have not been confirmed by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. shaei shaei even now they are still waiting for it.
Nongstoin, June 16: The Hynniewtrep People's Organization (WPA) West Khasi Hills District has held a face to face meeting with the President, Secretary of the Hynniewtrep People's Organization (WPA) at Nongstoin Civil Hospital this evening. The husband of Bah P. Lyngdoh and his family members were present at the meeting. On the other hand, Kong Paliar told about what happened on that day.
: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday reminded the Government of its demand to drop all the cases against the illegal armed groups. The Nagaland Government did to the NSCN (IM) in
One of the decisions of the Cabinet is to change the name of the Agriculture Department to the Meghalaya Framers Welfare Department.
Prestone said this is a political struggle. Symbut said that at such a time we should not do politics. The government urges us not to fight politics but to work together to fight against the government. This country will not be allowed to enter the state.
Shillong, Lber 23: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today announced that the government has decided to close the market from tomorrow morning. inform someone else.
Speaking to reporters, Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) Rajiv Kumar, accompanied by Election Commissioner Gyanesh Kumar and Dr Sandhu, announced the date of the General Elections. 2024 to the Lok Sabha and State Assemblies.
To commemorate this day, mawbyna was planted at this place for those who were brought from Mairang.
This has affected the people.
Most of the participants were from the Kmie Mawkhar Seng as it was the day of iuh kjat and on the second day and the fourth day the participants were from all over the Khasi Hills. you are a traditional religion.
Police have said that on 17/2/2024 the child was at the house of the accused and on 18/2/2024 he fled with bottles of kyiad. They both drove away the child.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti and the Central Vidyalaya Association today held a discussion to mark the three years of the National Education Policy, 2020 at their office in Lachimier.
Village Leaders, Sengbhalang, Youth Organizations, Women's Organizations, Elders of the area are requested to attend this meeting.
Many of those who entered said that this cleanliness of the office has improved.
The meeting was attended by the ADC who said that after receiving this announcement from the MSPCB, the District Administration should follow the rules and regulations decided by the MSPCB. They also expect that the District Administration will do what the MSPCB has given and to implement it is not the District Administration and they expect that within 14 days it should be closed.
With this decision, the NPP has increased its number of MLAs to 28, 26 MLAs who won on the NPP ticket and two MLAs from the PDF who have joined the NPP. The MDA government has 28 MLAs from the NPP, 11 from the UDP, 2 from the BJP, 2 from the independent MLAs and 2 from the HSPDP.
: Together with the rest of India, the Department of Home Guard and Civil Defense, Meghalaya on Tuesday celebrated the All India Home Guard and Civil Defense Raising Day
This was confirmed by Mol Dkhar and Dre who said that there are no people with such names in their village.
In the past 10 years, the seizure of smuggled goods to Bangladesh has reached T.25 crore, 123 smugglers have been arrested, 61 Indians and 32 Bangladeshis. and 30 Rohingyas.
The final will be broadcast live on Doordarshan and also on the YouTube channel of the Boxing Federation of India (BFI).
However, the problem with MeECL is not new but old and the government is working to free MeECL from the problem by taking many measures. MeECL has decided to turn it into a non-performing asset.
“The progress of the preparation of the Khasi-English Dictionary is a project funded by the Arts and Culture Department of the State Government and the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
who will be affected if the Supreme Court's order is implemented slonsar from previous years.
More specifically, the university has agreements with universities in other countries, such as USA, Australia, Canada and other European countries, for students to study temporarily at the university and If they want to go abroad, they can through this university.
Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, President of the KSU, NKHD, said that the four political parties including the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF), the Sengkmie and the Hynniewtrep The National Youth Front (HNYF), Sengkmie, KSU and FKJGP today held an emergency meeting to discuss the issue. The SP, Ri Bhoi District, has decided to hold a two-day office blockade from 14th and 15th July as a sign of strong opposition to the dismissal of the SP, Ri Bhoi District.
On the other hand, the special police who came from Shillong have found it difficult to clean up the area because it is too bright because it is only Mawsiang that has caused problems but they are still continuing to clean up the area. day, the names of the victims are known but have yet to be confirmed.
In 2018, there are students who are studying doctors in the field of medicine. In 2018, they started their one-year training and many of those who passed have been employed.
Desai took over after the resignation of Rajesh Malhotra.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 409 people have tested positive for COVID-19 and 3062 cases are still in critical condition, of which 1749 cases are in East Khasi Hills.
Thousands of supporters of various political parties have come to witness the inauguration of the new government of the Meghalaya Regional Democratic Alliance (MRDA). .
The problem of the residents of this area in Tura is not only that the road is bad but they have to wait during the rainy season.
Speaking on the occasion, the Vice Principal of Shillong College, Bah Badondor Syiem, said that the goal of the Library is to learn more. source of information received from the Library.
He said that the Khasi leaves are the best among the medicines.
The court also ordered Aloi Suiam to pay compensation of T.300,000 lakh to the family of the victim.
That statement to say that Meghalaya is a state where others walk is unacceptable. If there is such a problem, rules can be made. to live in the country so that as a nation we will lose our rights.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) Shillong on Tuesday held the sixth award ceremony for 60 students who have completed their studies in the field of science. studied fashion and design at Sri.Aurobindo Institute of Indian Culture, Shillong.
These newly admitted account for only 4.1%.
Rev Leader Pohsngap, God bless these youngsters in this celebration of the 25th Anniversary of the Gospel of the Lord. Good news to all the believers in this state and abroad to cleanse themselves with prayers and to give thanks to God and Jesus who is Lord and Master of the May this message be to those who believe in Jesus who is the Creator of heaven and earth who is the Giver, the Redeemer who will come to earth as He promised.
Guwahati, Naitung 05: To expedite the delivery of health services and also for the delivery of health services across the Northeast region which do not have adequate roads and paths, the GNRC, which is also known as The Guwahati Neurological Research Center today launched the Ambulance Medical Outreach Programme.
The committee will be headed by Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State. Other members of the committee are RL Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat, Methodious Dkhar, MLA Mawshynrut, Remington Gabil Momin, MLA Gigur Myrthong, Deputy CEM, KHADC, Bajop Pyngrope, MDC, Rambrai-Jyrngam District and Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District were the members to convene the meeting.
Dr Ampareen said that she will not reject her demand and after she did not reject it, the Deputy Speaker put before the House to have a “Voice”. Vote" to take a decision and in this vote the opposition lost, so the demand was rejected by the House.
“Every year I have attended many Graduations and Convocations as Minister of Education where 18,000,000 to 20,000,000 graduates and Post-graduates have attended. u year.
There are 20 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 10 from West Khasi Hills and 2 from West Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to 82,5
KHNAM believes that we can think of strengthening friendship among us through the spirit of unity in which we can fight and fight for many demands which are the rights of the people. to receive.
Pyniad urged the youth and intelligent people not to criticize and criticize the work of the council not only on social media, but also to come out on social media. to infiltrate the trade in the border areas of the State.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh, Bah Kular Khongjirem and other office bearers of the party also spoke on the occasion.
In his speech, the President of the school, SK Changopadhya, said that the desire of the school management to get a suitable school building for the children has been going on for a long time. They went to MP Vincent H Pala for help but they failed.
In a letter written to the CEM of KHADC, the KHADC authorities urged the KHADC authorities to make arrangements to convene an emergency special session of the District Council to bring forward the decisions of the District Council. A resolution against the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 has been passed in the Assembly.
In Delhi, 2.
On the other hand, the Chief Secretary urged the people to come forward to facilitate the government to set up various departments because with the participation of the people the government will not have difficulty in implementing the schemes. and wishes all the citizens to progress in various fields.
We must empower our children.
It is to be recalled that in the last Budget Session, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, had replied in the House that according to the service rule, officers should not have more than three years in the same post. work, except how can it be maintained and only how can the officers be dismissed.
We can set an example for the rest of the world," he said.
The Seng is also surprised to see the complaint of the All Dimahasa Students Union and the Dima Hazao District Committee alleging that the coal mining in Jaintia Hills has damaged the Kupli River which is the source of water supply. These two Sengs have forgotten about the coal mining by the Khar Assam in the Rud Wah Kupli which is the cause of the discoloration and deterioration of the Kupli River.
“We must show the world that we have the wisdom to take advantage of opportunities and that we can use our resources to become wealth and employment opportunities so that our lives can improve. .
The singer is no longer required to pay for the training of the Coach/Judge.
It's time we revisit these facilities that could have a huge economic impact in this area," he said.
There are 182 cases in East Khasi Hills, 114 cases in Ri Bhoi Hills, 23 cases in West Garo Hills, 11 cases in West Garo Hills and 11 cases in Eastern West Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries is
NTA's opinion, regarding the announcement of the Resol NEET UG on July 4, 2024 instead of July 14, 2024 as announced in the Information Bulletin, the NTA feels that that the resolutions are complete before July 4, 2024, there is no reason to delay the notification by 10 days.
They said that the Chief Minister has sent them to meet the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to seek clarification on this issue. In Meghalaya, they have the right to obtain a Sanad to become Rangbah Shnong in the villages of Raid Marwet which are inhabited only by the Garo people.
We should celebrate 75 years of independence and 150 years of Gandhi's birthday.
At the same time, the police who conducted the raid, arrested Setbingstar D. Shira alias Negro from Rongjeng Sengma.
Total 43 cases have been tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 26 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case from the Army and 25 cases from the civilian population.
Sangma said that in the past few months, the Government has completed the recruitment of 996 Policemen, only to be sent to the Border Outposts. to be completed and currently remain empty.
Shillong, July 22: “Our MLA Martin M Danggo has resigned for the benefit of the people, to get the Ranikor Civil Sub Division which was scheduled to open on the 10th of this month. moon".
“Noting that the NPP has only a few MLAs in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, the State President said that the NPP has got a lot of vote share in the 2023 MLA elections.
Regarding the vacancies in non-officer offices across the state, there are 203 vacancies in the offices of the police department across the state. in East Khasi Hills District
He said that such light poles have been destroyed around Shillong and many of those who have informed NeECL have repaired them and some do not know.
Robert Kharshiing was also the leader of the KSU before joining politics.
However, we have not received any clear information from the Commission of the Government of Meghalaya.
In his speech, the Governor said that he is still committed to the development of agriculture in the state and suggested to accept the implementation of the “18 Days Vermi Compost” to convert fertilizer from nier nuts to increase the rep of the riang.
Replying to a question by the Opposition Leader, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government is led by the NPP, in the presence of the BJP, BJP and other parties. Shillong, Lber 15: The District Social Welfare Department, Kong RM Kurbah, while speaking as the chief guest on the occasion of Women's Day, said that the women should be trained. men to honor women.
He named many of the projects he has supervised in the field of development, especially in relation to National Highways, NEIGRIMS, Meghalaya High Court, Medical College, and others.
At the opening ceremony, the ICCR Library in Dhaka was also renamed 'U Tirot Singh Library'
Shillong, Nailur 04: The 100th Anniversary of the Khasi National Dorbar was celebrated by the Chief Guest, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, the Rangbah Shnongs, the relatives of the Khasi founders. National Dorbar, school children and others.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHNAM) strongly condemns the murder of a 14-year-old girl who was shot and injured.
He said that the goal of the Prime Minister is to bring about an increase in the income of the farmers which is twice what they have been getting in all these years.
Police are still conducting a thorough search operation to arrest the members of the group and the investigation into the emergence of the group is ongoing.
Website: 5mpc.
One of the paintings of Dr Priti C Nartiang is the Sai Mandala which is a sacred tool for prayer.
Shillong, Nailur 06: Ka FKJGP today visited the pig slaughterhouse at Jaiaw Thangsning and talked to the pig vendors who clean the pigs to take them back to the shops to sell them. .
Former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Danngo said that at present there is no intention to join any party and the rumors that he has joined the party are not true.
The deceased were identified as two from East Khasi Hills, one from West Jaintia Hills and one from West Khasi Hills.
Raising the issue in the House, Bah Himalaya M Shangpliang said that it is unthinkable that women should be treated in this way. The investigation has been too slow and so far only seven people have been arrested and the order to provide treatment has come from the High Court of Meghalaya.
Out of 713 Districts in India from 35 States and Union Territories under the PMFME scheme, the PMFME scheme has been approved by the State Governments covering 137 varieties of crops. Of the 713 districts, 216 are Integrated Tribal Development Areas, 112 are Aspirational Districts, 35 are Schedule Caste Districts where 40% of the population is SC. as shown in the GIS Map to facilitate the beneficiaries.
Shillong, Lber 19: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, today said that the government has made arrangements with NEEPCO in some areas and hopes that there will be no light outages.
At present, Mawlai Nongmali falls under the jurisdiction of the Municipal and last year when the MLA elections were held, this constituency was transferred to the North Shillong constituency for the purpose of electing the leaders. The MDC has been elected to Mawlai.
However, the parents are against this request of the government.
Shillong, November 15: The Forest Department in charge of Nan Polok has closed down the bridge for more than a year. I want to make fish.
In 2018, 57 persons were arrested and in 2019 alone, 27 persons were arrested. The arrest of these robbers and robbers at railway stations is due to the hard work of ASI P.C. Thakur and his team.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: Meghalaya Police have started searching for those involved in the burning of a government vehicle in Forest Colony and Lachumier.
“We need to celebrate together, women in their homes, girls also celebrate this special day because the Government of India with the theme of this day,” he said. said Dr. Ampareen.
The march started from the party office in Jaiaw and went to Motphran, Police Bazar, parts of Laitumkhrah and back to the party office. The CAB today is the victory of the people.
Shillong, Lber 20: The President of India, Pranap Mukherjee today launched the flag raising ceremony for the youth of the North East to climb Lum Mangkashang for the first time. first as a whole.
Shillongm, Naiwieng 22: Answering a question by Bah Hedrian Lyngdoh on the release of three shyieng, Rona Khymdeit EM in charge of the Legal Department of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) said that in the year 2017-2 There are 277 shyieng through the court.
This act has desired the fish in the ponds and this act is only a greed.
In the current budget, the target of the government is to bring the state to an income of Rs 10 billion and to create jobs of up to 5 lakh rupees. what the government will do in the years to come.
In the complaint, he said that Bah Sahnam Diengdoh and the interim Rangbah Shnong Bah Bitlinwell Khongthiem and his team have ordered the distributor of rice as shown in the video to sell the AAY rice. The government has allocated T.3.00/- per kilo to sell T.5.00/- per kilo.
During the visit, the DC talked to the doctors, nurses and ASHAs regarding the preparations for the treatment of mothers and children which will start on Friday. a month to see if the preparation is safe.
At the same time, he urged the government to implement the existing laws to fight against criminals.
There are 64 public pandals in Shillong and 8 private pandals.
The work of this bridge started 40 years ago but with the initiative of the Chief Minister in the construction of this bridge by deploying police to protect the workers it has now gone ahead and the people congratulate The DC has written to the Chief Minister and the former PWD Minister regarding the bridge.
L Mohanti, IPS, after assuming office as IG of BSF Meghalaya Frontier, urged to use modern resources to patrol the border and to ensure their welfare. border guards.
Shillong, Lber 07: The election for the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly will be held on the 12th of this month.
Speaking in the House while presenting the budget, he said that although there is a ban on gatherings but for the employees of KHADC it is necessary to hold this budget session in order to be paid. the salaries of the employees as well as the employment of the Council as a whole.
Shillong, Iaiong 08: A fire broke out at Stand Jeep Taxi Stand on the road to Mawprem at 10.45 pm this morning. you have lighted up your juilor.
More than 4,82,667 people have hypertension and more than 3,45,898 people have diabetes and more than 7,59,451 people have been referred to better health facilities.
This is the challenge we face in the North East.
Speaking at a program held at Dangar in the past few days, Bah HM Shangpliang said that he had the opportunity to talk and discuss with Bah DP Wahlang. who is the Principal Secretary of the Department of Telecommunications on this issue.
They also inspected the work of Williamnagar College, the construction of the Mini Stadium in Williamnagar, the road to Rangmal Badim and Chidekgre villages. to all the villages.
In a letter of complaint, Bah Pakynteiñ said that on the 25th of this month, after parking his private vehicle ML 05 X 4850 at 3rd Mile Stand Ïewmawlong at about 5 pm, at 9:48 , and after parking the car he went to distribute baby diapers to the shops and said that this job he has been doing for about 3 months , and he used to work as a tax collector for vehicles at Stand Mawprem.
As part of the purpose of this program is to educate the youth of the kur how to bring about unity among the kur and the purpose is for the youth to enjoy their youth by using to show them how to live a good life in society and how to interact with others especially as young people who are the future of the family and to the whole nation.
Speaking to reporters, NPP Meghalaya State Unit President Prestone Tynsong said the party will nominate Agatha K. Sangma from Tura Parliamentary Seat.
He said that the government has prepared new rules which were discussed today. These new rules will be discussed again after the Puja as they have to look into the testing methods for those who come. to the State and also to the people of the State who go abroad and those who come to the State.
Secretary of KSU Lakein Circle, Samla Really Nongspung (General Secretary) and Samla Riskhem Kharkamni (Org.
“However, at 9:00 pm we received a phone call from her mobile phone but it was spoken by a person who had received a mobile phone from Mawlai Nongkwar Patarim.
What is the future of the 4385 teachers including SSA, Govt, Deficit and Ad Hoc teachers teaching at the elementary level who have been trained in the Diploma in Elementary Education (D.El.)
Shah praised the security forces and J&K authorities for the smooth conduct of the Lok Sabha elections which witnessed the highest turnout of voters in Jammu and Kashmir.
The age should be more than 16 or 17 years, said Bah John.
In the new government, the NPP has 26 MLAs, the BJP two, the HSPDP two MLAs and an independent candidate from Baghmara.
Shillong, Lber 22: Police in East Garo Hills District have received a complaint at Rongjeng Police Station on 18/3/2024 that there are unidentified persons claiming to be members of the GNLA. R have demanded money from 15/3/2024 and have threatened to take strict action if they do not pay.
On the other hand, HANM has told the DC that there is a price increase but there is no need to increase the price by hundreds of thousands more. Meghalaya to increase prices of food items.
Aman came second, followed by Amos Nongrum who came third with 10 points.
The looting itself is something that cannot be explained in human terms, because it has been thlen since before the election.
At this meeting, the Mawlai Town Dorbar Committee said to the Minister of Rural Development, regarding the land, they said that there is no problem and they are ready to donate without having to pay. There is no need to set up this Block Office.
Any person who violates the rules and those young job seekers who seek assistance from politicians or interviewers or recruitment managers shall be prosecuted under the Prevention of Corruption Act. and they should also be punished when they file any government documents in India as a whole.
Every year on the ninth day of the year, the children of Niamtre prepare for the coming of Behdienkhlam, the religion in which the Lord from above will come down to earth to stay for four days and three nights. and the sons of Hynniewtrep and the sons of Hynniewtrep.
In his speech, MT Wankhede, General Manager of NABARD, said that NABARD is ready to provide assistance to the bank and at the same time he said that the bank should fight. as much as possible to help the farmers in this state who are in the rural areas.
We have called the PHE department to take action to ensure the safety of water inside the house.
The ADO explained about the 18 days fertilizer production, added that this fertilizer production is easier and the equipment is easier to obtain. by Somja Phawa.
It was decided that all gas suppliers should open their offices from Monday to Thursday from 10:00 a.
The Minister of Education said that the meeting to discuss the issue of Adhoc teachers was not only in his capacity as the Minister in charge of Education but also with the Prime Minister. The state and the government have even found ways to solve the problems.
The distribution of sharak to the villages for the poor households is five liters per household and this price has left many households unable to afford it even if they need it.
Jeffreywell Pohdweng, a youth, has sustained head injuries after two Border Security Force (BSF) personnel allegedly drunk alcohol threw sticks at him and his family. three of his friends on the night of Sunday, July 25, 2023 at Lad Umsyiem.
They also expressed their congratulations and best wishes to the entire team to continue to work harder in the future in other parts of the competition.
On the other hand, TUR has accused the government of misusing these two laws because they take away the rights of the people. who have committed terrible acts, but according to the act, the police can arrest the MPDA even for a bat uh type vehicle.
The five persons were arrested today from the scene.
This is a new way of providing information to the public by answering the questions on the budget through the authorities according to the present era. This was broadcast through Facebook, Youtube and Assembly Channel.
He returned to Namdang to look after the school as the Principal of the High School in Namdong in 2007-2009 ;  As the Procurator of the District of Jowai for the year 2009-2021 and until now.
Abhinab Saikia of Assam won the Best Challenger Boxer and Pradeep Bisht won the Best Official.
The union urges the local tourists to behave with respect as the immoral behavior of their own people encourages the tourists from other states.
However, the Waheh Shnong of Jalaphet, Wom Chyrmang, has already issued the NOC to Hard Coke. Factory for the construction of a coal mining factory in the same village, but after the residents opposed the issuance of the NOC, he decided to cancel the NOC. Anyone who applies for NOC from the village should not issue it alone but should apply to the Dorbar Shnong so that the public can be informed.
This is a unique experience for the Indian film industry, where Indian films have been highly acclaimed overseas, and FTTI in particular has featured prominently in Cannes where their students of this tournament in recent days.
The KSU urges the MLA and MDC to join hands in this issue so that the residents of Mawphansaw and Nongmluh can get back the electricity supply, according to a statement. Adamanstar Syrman, President of KSU Nongmluh Unit.
Shillong, Lber 09: The President of KHNAM Youth Wing, Bah Thomas Passah, has written to the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, saying that there are 19 MDCs who have not issued their Utilization Certificate. It is about the money they have received to be used for Art and Culture.
WORD also spoke to nurses who said they had nothing to say against the officer himself.
Shillong, June 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today announced on Twitter that all 16 members of his family who tested positive for COVID-19 have been tested positive for the first time. today and all are negative.
On this occasion, there was also a game to prepare for the celebration of the 150th anniversary of the death of the ancestors.
Other speakers included Bah P Marwein Secretary PWD who explained the inauguration of the road, Bah R Kharmujia Chairman Mawlai Town Dorbar, Bah BL Buam Additional Director General of Police. Additional Chief Secretary RV Suhiang, officers and officials of Mawlai Village Council were also present.
The award ceremony was organized by the Prakriti Suraksha Parishad, a group in charge of voluntary activities.
The raid by the members of HITO, Shillong City was made after receiving a tip that some drug traffickers used to use motorcycles and two wheelers to deliver drugs to Khyndai Lad.
Two songs were also performed by the Ksiew which are the songs that Bah Standling likes to listen to.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle today received information that some foreigners were walking in groups and immediately the members went to see for themselves. Seven vehicles carrying these foreigners were seized near NEIGRIHMS. On this occasion, the KSU members inquired and learned that these foreigners had come from abroad to work in the new building of NEIGRIHMS. The Meghalaya Assembly is located in Mawdiangdiang.
Once again, they expressed their gratitude to the Sports Department for accepting the Pomlakrai Pyllun venue and invited and requested Bah John F Kharshiing, together with the Sports Department to urge the Chief Minister and The Sports Minister of Meghalaya has urged the Minister of Meghalaya to lay the foundation stone for the preparations for the National Games.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Sbar Umdor, who identified himself as the Secretary of the Village and who is also in charge of the distribution of foodgrains in the village, said, “I take three. tyngka per kilo for the rice, but for the transportation fee and the rent of the house, three tyngka per kilo and all the rice buyers pay seven tyngka per kilo.
Shillong, June 22: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has invited applications for youths from colleges, schools and civil society organizations between the ages of 15 to 25 years. to apply for assistance from the Chief Minister Youth Development Fund Scheme for the year 2012-2
The exhibition of various government schemes in the form of pictures was inaugurated by the Minister of Education, Meghalaya, Dr RC Laloo. is to showcase to the people the schemes that the government has for the people to improve their income.
In accordance with the directives of the Prime Minister, the Government of India has discussed and cooperated with those involved in these activities from research institutions to domestic and foreign pharmaceutical manufacturers and the relevant authorities. give permission.
Nongshram Adeng, Dalbot Rongbeng, Swangre Daat, Damangre, Dalbot Dagar, Dalbot Dachar, Swangre Waso, Swangre Megachil, Swangre Acheng, Rongkhang, Swangre Nongrim, Swangre Hamegoan, Swangre Chengsi, Mongshram Rongbeng, Chimbi Dymmut Rong, Dapo Dorangre A and B, Khemering, Awiak, Jukisil, Thodmari, Goreng A and B, Mawbon Riang, Mawbon Chithu, Mawbon Agar, Kyllon Mathei, Langtur, Miangmawdor, Riangud, Nengchigre, Matchokkhanram, Niang Riangshi A and B, Khalu A and B, Nirang, Langmar, Riangmaw, Riangna, Nongshyrkon A and B, Porsohsynnam, Pynden Umbia.
Regarding the border dispute, Erwin said that the Chief Minister should be asked to sign the soskular. Shillong, Jymmang 29: U Bah KP Pangniang President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Party (HSPDP) on Tuesday said that the party will not invite anyone to appear before the JACBOM. “As the party, we will not invite anyone to appear but the people of Mawkyrwat Constituency will give us the opportunity to join hands with the UDP. “The answer is enough, it is useless to summon anyone who wants to appear. They cannot arrest anyone even if they are MLAs,” said Bah Pangniang.
As it appears through the media, it has been seen that the Government has sent the employees to ask for permission from the DC's office without any explanation whether these people will have to pass through the same Lyndon as they did. who have returned to the State in these days.
The incident happened on Keating Road on Saturday morning at about 11:30 pm.
However, the Government of India has said that this Act will not cover Schedule Areas except Non-Schedule Areas, but in any case, the party arrests people who enter the country. state without proper documentation.
He said that as an MLA, he has always spoken in the House on the issue of water but the government has not responded. He said that the people of Shillong are facing poverty not because of the actions of the army.
During the meeting with the DCs and BDOs, the Chief Minister discussed the implementation of MG-NREGS, PMAY, National Social Assistance Program (NSAP) and Swacch Bharat Mission.
We talk to each other and as I am involved in the peace talks, she is also involved and we have nothing else to do,” said Bah Sadon.
The first copy of the quarterly newspaper was launched by the Governor at Raj Bahvan Shillong in the presence of the staff of the office.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister requested the Minister of Finance to release the allocation to the state.
He asked where these people are going and it is the duty of the leaders to protect the people.
Speaking as the chief guest at the celebration of Farmers' Day, he said that in India, this day is celebrated on 23rd November while in Meghalaya, the government has decided to celebrate this day. This day is the 4th of November.
The power plant was completed within five years by MeSEB which was later renamed MeCEL. The project costs less than Rs 400 crore.
he said the officers and others did not understand how much the farmers were facing.
When asked why the UDP has not said anything regarding the allegations of wrongdoing within the government, the KHADC has taken only the KHADC, the UDP leaders said that this is the case now. They take only the KHADC and when it comes to the government, they have spoken from time to time.
After receiving information that the Selection Committee has selected Dr. SM Sungoh as one of the candidates for this post.
Khliehriat, March 28: The All Jaintia Youth Welfare Organization (AYA) has raised the question whether non-tribal traders in East Jaintia Hills District have Trading Licenses, why don't they display them publicly? Trading License in their shops or business premises as stipulated in the law so that the public can access it? If they have Trading Licenses and don't do so, why do they hide their Trading Licenses? “According to Rule No.9 of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District (JHADC) Rule 2015, it is clear that non-tribal traders within the boundary of JHADC, They shall display their Tading License in public places and shall have the date of issuance and expiry date and the signature of the Licensing Officer of JHADC; “But we don't see non-tribal traders doing that,” said Heatermoon Ryngkhlem, President of AJYWO.
Shillong, Lber 22: U Vincent H Pala today filed his nomination for the post of Returning Officer of the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Constituency in Shillong.
In a statement sent by Angela Rangad, one of the office bearers of TUR, she said that it is surprising that the problems of the students who have passed the DSC examination are not over.
Shillong, November 08: KSU Shillong East Circle won the 7th Bull N Lyngdoh Memorial Football Tournament on the second day of the 2013 FIFA World Cup.
A Nongrum President of HPF Ri Bhoi District said that the arrival of police from Assam to Bhoirymbong has shocked the people in the area and these Assam police came on bikes. .
Lok Sabha MP from Dibrgarh Sarbananda Sonowal, Rajya Sabha MP and Press Advisor to Assam Chief Minister Patriba Margherita have been confirmed for the post.
He was arrested after his march caused a lot of trouble to the BSF personnel in the area.
One voice that came out was to urge the central and state governments not to set up a training center for the insurgents who have surrendered and this center should be in Garo Hills.
“We have inspected the place and found that the Assam police have written short signs on a tree that was planted at the place where the weapon was dug and buried. “I don't know who he is,” said the former Rangbah Shnong.
“It is possible that this new armed group of Karbi will once again commit acts of violence by demanding money from the Pnars living in Block-I and other kinds of punishment so that the Pnars They will not dare to express their demands to return to Meghalaya as did the previous Karbi armed group.
The explanation came from the government department and the scheme has been implemented under the Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS).
Students protesting against the sudden appointment of Prof. Shukla have blockaded his office by staging a protest and shouting slogans in front of the office demanding the immediate dismissal of Rohit Prasad and achieve the demand issues that the students of this university have faced many problems.
There are another 20 cases whose doctors have not been able to treat them because they do not have a healthy body.
Shillong, Nailur 13: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today sent a COVID-19 test upon his arrival in Shillong after returning from Delhi.
With this there will be an increase of 10% of what was collected in the previous year.
Aibanbhabok Thongni, who was selected for the Meghalaya Icon song contest, sang about the importance of cleanliness.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: One GNLA member was killed in a clash between police and GNLA members in Garobada, West Garo Hills today. ha that.
Officials of the Cantonment Board were also present on the occasion.
From my point of view, I don't have any respect for Shashi Tharoor, in fact they should be honest, what happened in Punjab can be avoided if it is done like in Meghalaya, to resolve it depends on people because people have their own way of doing things, in fact the problems should not be known to the world.
On the other hand, Prestone Tynsong said that the government will continue to provide assistance to the people to build houses through tin sop iing. public.
The number of cases by district is 3 cases from East Khasi Hills, 6 cases from Ri Bhoi District and 1 case from West Garo Hills. Garo Hills District 1, according to a statement from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The KSU finds that Meiieid Spility is a farsighted and intelligent woman because even in the midst of trials, temptations and temptations she has not fallen into the trap like others, but she has stood firm on the foundation and won. that the righteous shall be destroyed.
“The existing laws of the state and the laws of the three District Councils (KHADC, JHADC and GHADC) which have a close relationship with the issue of illegal entry of foreigners,” he said. John Kharshiing.
I am sending this letter to express my concern over the recent incident of non-tribals in Meghalaya.
general secretary Hyc Mawryngkneng Circle.
“Explaining the difference between the demand in Rithor and the demand in the North East, Thabah said, “Their protest (in the North) is different from our demand and the knowledge of the people about the cause. Our struggle has disappeared and no one knows that we started it ourselves and they look only at Rithor.
The Deputy Commissioner of North Garo Hills, Bah W Khyllep, said that the new district has a connection with Goalpara and has polling stations. In the midst of the threat to ensure the smooth running of the election, there is a need for cooperation with the DCs of Assam.
About 50 people took part in the race including officials of the Telecommunications Department.
If you read carefully Article 370, it is clear that this special status is only a temporary provision, unlike Article 371 which has a special provision like in Nagaland and Mizoram.
The Ministry of Development and Development of the Union Government has decided to hand over to MeECL to complete the remaining work.
The FKJGP leaders said that the purpose of the meeting was to find out when the sub center will be opened. They also thanked the government for bringing about the opening of the sub center. This subcenter will benefit the residents of Langpih area.
Everyone shall have full opportunity to appeal and object in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
The team will submit their report to the Central Government and the State Governments to do whatever is necessary to improve the development of those areas as it is necessary to deliver them. it does not extend even to the rural areas.
On the other hand, the KHADC is looking to confirm the land within Meghalaya, what is needed is to register the land where they will register.
All those arrested were handed over to the law enforcement authorities for further investigation.
Teachers' Day is a day when we pay tribute to the work of all teachers who play a major role in imparting knowledge and values ​​to our children.
The KAS was supported by various groups and organizations from Khasi and Jaintia Hills, Government Ministers including Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, and other prominent dignitaries such as Hamletson Dohling, Lambor Malngiang, Samlin Malngiang, Lamphang Blah, Teibor Pathaw, Raynold Kharkamni, Banri Lyngwa and various political parties.
The Minister in charge of Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, has said that they will write to the Forest Department to cut down the old trees in Shillong to avoid injuries. .
As a party, the NPP will work for the minorities of the country and especially for the North East of India. Mizoram.
The KSU leaders urged the people not to sell their land for the construction of the railway line. They also urged the people not to sell their land for the construction of the railway line. The dangers of railway construction without adequate protection for the minority.
Regarding the Employee Provident Found (EPF) since 2011, they have not received any count because the MTC has not deposited its share, but the count from the salary of the employees is every month, where does she put this money?
This new approach involves a large part of the State Governments and Union Territories as well as our Industry Associations and other stakeholders.
Shillong, Lber 27: The Border Security Force (BSF) has conducted a program to take the students of Commerce Government College Shillong to the border with Bangladesh to understand the work of the BSF. The college was led by the 193rd Battalion of BSF to Barmanbari Border Out Post in East Khasi Hills District near Dangar in the presence of teachers.
Other speakers at the meeting were Pyndapbor Saibon, BD Laloo Vice President MCPC Speaking at the meeting, Laloo said that the Mawhati Constituency People's Forum (MCPC) has supported the MCPC. This time they will support Pastor Basaiawmoit in the MP election last year. The meeting was also scheduled to be held by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Other dignitaries who attended the meeting were Bah Badhok Nongmalieh, Bah Rocky Shylla Chairman Umsning Town Dorbar, Bah SA Kylla Rangbah Shnong Umsning Patarim. , PB Syngkli and others.
These children were between the ages of 13 and 13 years old.
Shillong, March 27: An emergency meeting of the D.El.
The organization was established in 1979 and its mission is to look after the employment of government employees as a group.
The announcement said that the dates of the examination will be fixed by MBOSEMBOSE. The announcement also clarified that no selection test should be held for SSLC and HSLC. The SSLC and HSLC examinations will be held only once for all those who wish to write these examinations. Those who failed the selection last year can write the examination in 2021 will be held in accordance with all the rules.
