This was also discussed at a meeting of the Directors General of BGB and BSF in Delhi these days.
Bah Sainkupar said that the party stands firm on the basis that they have, they will not surrender in any form.
Although the government announcement has not been sent to the two District Councils, the Secretariat of the DC(A) has informed KHADC and JHADC that the appointment of new MDCs has been announced. will be held on Tuesday 6/03/2
Continuous heavy rainfall in East Jaintia Hills District has damaged the road under Nongkhlieh District.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: Two deaths have been reported from East Khasi Hills District and West Garo Hills District today. The number of cases in the state has risen to
“Therefore, it will have to follow the rules, we cannot avoid that because that is what all businesses are required to do and if they start changing that only for one or two groups, they will have to to change everything.
On the other hand, the High Level Committee has warned the coal trucks passing through the road in the district not to overload the coal or other minerals as the overloading causes losses. The union has warned that if found, it will punish according to the law.
Sumar has written many books and the government has honored him with the Meghalaya Day Award. the last days of thy life.
The incident happened on the 14th of this month at Amlanai village under Amlarem Civil Sub Division.
Shillong, July 07: It will be a memorable day for the residents of Mawkathein Village under Mawkynrew Constituency. Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Pai), MDC Mawkynrew Constituency to bring about development works through the opening of the Community Hall which has been allocated 4 lakh tyngka through Special Assistance Schemes.
The party also demands to increase the salaries of farmers in Meghalaya so that everyone can live a life in line with the cost of living like the world, said Kenneth Swer General Secretary of WPM. Shillong, Nailur 12: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed 118 new cases of COVID-19 today, 63 from East Khasi Hills and 24 from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of confirmed cases is
MLA Metbah Lyngdoh was also present.
Shillong, November 09: The government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has withdrawn T.500 and T.1000 notes from the government in Garo Hills. Baichung Ch Momin has surrendered to the police in Chokpot today.
Shillong, Nailur 05: U Ashish Dharma, a mechanical engineer working for a large company in Delhi, on his way home from work, saw a man bleeding. from his hand she touched him and took him to the hospital for treatment.
During the meeting, they will also discuss the insurgency issues on the border between the two countries.
After the meeting with the secretary we received an explanation that the delay is due to the police verification of all those who have passed and only after the police verification will the appointment letters be distributed.
Speaking to reporters, Hek said that the announcement of the visit of the Minister of Home Affairs to Shillong has been received today, but it is not yet known how long he will be in Shillong.
During the meeting between the Prime Minister and the Ministers of the Government, they discussed all the issues and the Government has agreed and the Prime Minister has promised to They hope that the government will take action soon.
Shillong, Lber 10: The PDB Project has been launched since
“I thank these soldiers who have sacrificed their lives for the country.
At the same time, he said that if the talks with the Governor do not reach anywhere, the opposition will take measures to avoid being accused of wanting to overthrow the government.
The goal is that all these villages with small paid should have access to clean drinking water.
Satya Pal Malik has arrived in Meghalaya from Tripura and his term as Governor of Meghalaya has ended today. state of Arunachal Pradesh.
“We have seen that there are always shortcomings in the laws we have passed and therefore on 25th November the KHADC has passed a law to preserve the jaidbynriew,” he said. .
The demand for the upgradation of this road is not only for the sake of easier traffic but also for many other reasons which can bring about economic development and income generation by connecting the one country to another also has its own benefits in terms of tourism and in terms of tourism.
At this public meeting, they will decide how to act for the sake of peace and stability in the area.
HNYF President Bah Sadon K Blah said, “It is regrettable that the State Government and the Government of India have not taken proper action on the dispute between the two communities in Manipur.
It may be recalled that Waheh S Quotient Sumer is a great writer and poet who has a great knowledge of Kiang Nangbah and who was once a member of the Sahitya Akademi.
After a thorough discussion on the problems arising from the implementation of the MUDA rules, the Government has agreed to remove the MUDA rules from the areas not within the Municipal. .
Bah Shangpliang said that there are many farmers in the area who are facing problems due to water shortage and under the scheme of the Water Resources Department there are various schemes under the department. “This area in the valley is very hot and dry and most of the time they are water scarce and for that reason we understand that there are schemes for the known such as the Jalkun scheme provided by the Government of India through the State Government,” said Bah Shangpliang.
The posts to be contested are President, Vice-President, General Secretary, Assistant General Secretary, Education Secretary, Organizing Secretary, Information and Publicity Secretary, Office Secretary, Sports and Cultural Secretary and Environment Secretary.
In his speech, the Chief Guest congratulated all the party office bearers for opening this office of the party through the cooperation of all the party members.
Another proposal to be introduced in the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016, states that minorities Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians from Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Pakistan, Those who have lived in India or worked with the Government of India, to become an Indian citizen, must stay for seven years, not one year.
KHADC MDC Fantin Lakadong was the chief guest and welcomed the participants of the Fit India Run from Malki, Shillong.
The teachers have also received permission to start their strike from tomorrow morning by sitting in front of the MBOSE office to convey to the government their demands for many years.
Shylla's remarks came after John F Kharshiing's statement on the KHADC Bill passed by the House, in which John said that there is still a need to discuss the KHADC Bill. The KHADC has said that Khasi women who marry non-Khasis will lose their Schedule Tribe status.
Shillong, November 05: The HANM Central Body has expressed its deep sorrow over the arrest of Liverpaul Kharbani, Chief Organizing Secretary of HANM West Khasi Hills District on the 3rd of this month. Your house is in Nongstoin.
Shillong, November 12: Smit area is one of the areas in Meghalaya where farmers are good at growing many varieties of vegetables including phan.
One of the trainings is online classes but many of the children do not have access to the internet or computer or mobile especially in the rural areas. to provide proper training.
Shillong, November 20L The Hynniewtrep People's Federation (HPF) Ri Bhoi District on Saturday launched its office at Kyrdem.
That is the question we want to ask the Inquiry Commission.
It is because of the availability of funds in these banks that the RBI in 2019 has recognized these two banks as Schedule Banks.
Therefore, the union strongly condemns this act of the smugglers who do not care about the life and death of the people at such a time.
Police are conducting further investigation and have arrested another member of the HNLC and three others who have been arrested. He was also arrested for involvement in the bomb blast.
Jowai, November 04: The Iooksi Youth Welfare Sport Club on November 1st held its final football tournament at Mooblang Football Ground, Iooksi.
I will direct the Secretary of the Council to lodge a complaint against the self-styled Rangbah Shnong for issuing NoC for trading licence, labor license or any other document or even for getting What will happen if foreigners get EPIC and get the right to vote here?
I as a mother tried to protect my daughter but they shocked me until I got sick all over and they covered my daughter's mouth until she got sick. "I'm sorry," said Mrs. Pohshna.
With the presence of EDNA Enterprise as a partner, it has also helped when the government was under the burden of the failure of GVK EMRI to operate ambulances, which continues to this day.
Referring to the driver of the truck, the Minister of Home Affairs said that the driver of the truck is currently undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital Shillong. you are the owner of this car.
It is the responsibility of all the leaders, MLAs, MDCs and MPs to read all the Acts before introducing the people to this way of explaining the Act.
Shillong, March 10: Two persons from Meghalaya have been selected for the first time to take part in the World Fair in Thailand in November .
In an interview with a foreign student who was beaten up by unknown persons, he said that on the day of the examination while he was on his way home, there were about 2-3 children who and he came against him, and laid his hands on him.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Vijay Kumar, Commissioner and Secretary, Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya, said that under Apiculture-2, the assistance to the beekeepers in the state will be T.70,000/- of which T.35000/- will be the grant and T.35000/- will be the interest-free loan.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is in charge of the Prisons Department, on Tuesday said that the Government has not yet taken a decision on the location of the Central Jail.
Shillong, November 07: The All India Trinamul Congress today took part in the lighting ceremony at Khyndailad to express their condolences to those who lost their lives in the attack. The President of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Meghalaya State Unit, Charles Pyngrope, on Tuesday said that the purpose of the ceremony was to express the soldiers' rights and freedoms. Condolences to the families of those who lost their loved ones in the shooting by the Assam Riffle.
The women members of the HNYF who attended the event were from Ri Bhoi, East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Naiutung 04: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HANM) under the leadership of its President Bah Lamphrang Kharbani today went to the Secretariat to demand that the government should implement the Inner Line Permit in the state. Meghalaya has been approved by the Legislative Assembly.
He expressed his belief that this exhibition will help educate the people, and especially the students, about the great sacrifice of our freedom fighters for the country.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) together with other party branches in all states of India today held a protest at the office of the Congress party to protest against the actions of the Congress party. BJP in Karnataka where the Governor of Karnataka has called on the BJP to form a government in the state.
To make this article true, the state government has been directed to accept the withdrawal of the Bill.
General Secretary of KSU (SP News).
Thus, those who did not fight against the government authorities were treated as such.
At Shillong Civil Hospital, one doctor, one nurse, one lab technician, two nurses and one 7-year-old child were infected.
Bah Ian Khongmen, one of the office bearers of the MSOA, appealed to the public to come and witness the event. He said that there will be no entrance fee.
Answering a question when the government will order the DC to revoke the order, the Minister of Home Affairs said that they will do so soon as this is the time for distribution of results.
He said the Swachh Bharat 2022 program is being implemented in 6 lakh villages of 744 districts across the country through youth groups affiliated to the NYKS and also groups affiliated to the National Service Scheme.
Through Notice No.MPSC/Ex-C/22/2021-2022/102 issued on 3rd October, 2023, all applicants are informed that the Written Examination will be held on 18th October, 2023 in two centres, namely, Shillong and Tura.
Besides Bah Shylla, about 45 people from Nongkren Constituency have joined the NPP. The NPP has confirmed that Bah Shylla will be the MLA candidate of the NPP from Nongkrem Constituency. .
The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor, said that so far, only the Voice People's Party has registered with the Election Commission of India.
One of the laws that came out after the protests of the civil society and the people is the Meghalaya Residence Safety and Security Act, 2016, which came out because of the difficulty in getting the ILP because they have to talk to the central government.
On the other hand, the MLA said that if they move to the new district, it will benefit the youth in terms of employment as the youth from the rural areas will have more difficulty competing with those from Shillong. If you are in East Khasi Hills District, you will be able to do this.
17-North Shillong Elgiva G Rynjah, 18-West Shillong Iwan Maria, 19-Shillong South Ian A Lyngdoh Nongkynrieh, 20-Mylliem Gilbert G Laloo, 21-Nongthymmai Charles Pyngrope, 22-Nongkrem Lamare, Joannes 2 JTL -Sohiong Stodingstar Thabah, 24-Mawphlang Mawkordor Rynjah 25-Mawsynram and Vincent T Sangma.
He saw that the Khasi people were very unique; from the beautiful sky, the orderly culture, the way of life, the language and other aspects that truly reflect the uniqueness of the Jaitbynriew.
Meena Gurung and Dewang Hosaina of the village donated money for the library after learning that there is no library in the area.
There were 21836 regular students who sat for the SSLC examination, 21734 students who passed the examination and 83.89%.
Mira June Marsing won the post of President, Badahunshisha Dkhar won the post of General Secretary and Fionaliza Tingbung won the post of Treasurer. She said that as she has led in the past years, she will continue to work as she used to do when she was young and will allow her to become the President again. President.
This measure applies to all states, and is equally effective in all parts of the country.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Friday met with the Minister of Animal Husbandry, Bah Alexander L. Hek to express its opposition to the Government's plan to allocate land in Upper Shillong. part of the relocation of the petrol pump from Anjalee area.
Babu Kular said that this will also benefit the deficit teachers who receive their salary once every 3 or 4 months and face many kinds of problems in the lack of money in their homes. .
He also urged the students to work hard and continue their studies so that they can reach their goals in life.
“We have already written to the government authorities to repair all the damaged parts of NH44 but the government has not listened to our demand.
The Congress leaders said that as the opposition in charge of India's independence, they have put questions before the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and he should answer them. the people of this country and especially the people of the North East of India.
Adelbert also clarified the allegation that the two parties do not want to unite as national parties, saying, “We don't want to unite like during the Regional Party Alliance ( RPA) or 'PRA' only after a while because that unity is only in words and not in deeds.
In Tezu, Rs 67 crore has been allocated for the development of the airport and the work is in progress.
The filing of nomination papers for the MLA election will be held tomorrow morning at 3.00 pm. that they support their own candidate of choice.
The farmers have complained to the HFU leaders that in Bhoi Rymbong, Umroi, Umsning, Umphyrnai, Mawmih and other areas, the farmers cut kilos. KHADC has warned against the decision not to cut kilos but to cut only according to the weight of byrni, or khoh and shang. and shall be immediately handed over to law enforcement authorities.
Shillong, November 22: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, addressing the participants in the distribution of checks to farmers in Meghalaya through Video Conference held today at the State Convention. “I am stronger now,” said Centre.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 31: A tragic incident has occurred in Shyrmang today where people have lost their lives in a coal mine. which was allegedly dug illegally.
According to the latest news, the body was found tied with a tyllai from the neck of the victim and the tyllai was tied together with a stone underwater. A small torchlight was found on the body of the victim.
However,the people are against it.
On the same day, police have arrested Bah Elbert Shemphang Kharlukh, identified as Kesop of Mawlai Mawdatbaki, at IGP Point Shillong and registered under the POCSO Act. Act at Laitumkhrah Police Station according to the case registered.
Shillong, July 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today inaugurated the road connecting Police Bazar and Polo through the Earle Sanatorium Trust, in the presence of the Chief Minister. Martin M Danggo, Roshan Warjri MLA of this constituency who is also the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said that the road construction works in the state.
" With 300 attendees from 33+ countries, the event bridges ancient wisdom with modern challenges for global harmony.
At 11.20 pm, one of the participants of the protest, Nearmith Momin, collapsed and was taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Rowell said, “It is we who destroy the environment, we must preserve the forests for the survival of us human beings”.
The GNLA has alleged that the SP of West Garo Hills, the Additional SP and the PSOs of these police chiefs may have been involved in the incident.
Bah Metbah also called for the cooperation of all for the development of Meghalaya.
The employment of the youth of the District will be a blessing and benefit to the families of East Jaintia Hills District.
The Prime Minister said that in the first phase, the government has already selected 500 youths to receive assistance from the government in order to set up their own businesses and in the second phase, select 450 people.
The Chief Secretary spoke on the Payment for Eco-System Services (PES) of Meghalaya.
Bah Louis sent his resignation letter and the Seng accepted his resignation letter.
The Congress' desire to implement the Foreign Act or the Three Tier Card is political nonsense and these Acts have no basis unless it is quick to abolish these three tier cards. The HNLC spokesman said that if the agreements signed cannot be broken, the HNLC has signed a peace agreement with Nepal in 1950, then with Bangladesh in Bangladesh or Nepal cannot do anything about the influx of foreigners, but the problem now is the influx of inter state migrants.
However, on his return to Assam, Gogoi said he does not want this to happen in Assam but the central government should provide adequate support to address the problems faced by the people. meet.
The Umsning Town Durbar has issued rules and regulations in accordance with the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act and Articles 14, 15 and 16 of the Constitution of India.
Shillong, Lber 22: Ramendra Narayan Kalita, MLA of 54-West Guwahati Constituency, on Tuesday wrote to the Minister of Road Construction, Meghalaya to inform him regarding the construction of the road from the 54-West Guwahati Constituency. PMGSY scheme on the border of Assam and Meghalaya.
During the meeting, Prime Minister Narendra Modi congratulated President Obama for his invitation to the country and the wish of the Prime Minister of India. is to strengthen the relations between the two countries in many areas.
Shillong, Lber 02: One person has died in Mairang after the counting of votes in Meghalaya. that vote.
They also discussed how to clean and collect nuts along the GS Road and how the PWD should fill and repair the pot holes on the road to avoid collisions with snow. car.
At the same time, Prestone said the government is still banning private vehicles from travelling. Those who have jobs have to take vehicle passes as usual. chief of the state.
Amabel Susngi, the writer of the song, said, “The message of this song is to encourage everyone to think seriously about this issue to protect the environment.
This statement of the UDP leader shows the concealment of the truth by ignoring the actions of Bah HS Shylla during his tenure as CEM KHADC on Uranium in the past years.
Shillong, Nailur 24: A group of political parties including the KHNAM, HSPDP, UDP and NPP today met at Shillong Club to discuss the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state. Meghalaya.
FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle under the leadership of Samla Mac Donald Kharkongor Vice President in the presence of members of the Circle and Leaders of FKJGP Mawnianglah Unit under the leadership of Bah Hopewell Kharkongor, President FKJGP Mawnianglah Unit. The inspection was conducted on the 3rd of this month to take further measures for the welfare of the residents of these three villages in the Upper Shillong area.
At that time, the government was not sure how to get the khana and the share from the government. There was a fear that it would decrease in the receipt of the share. decide to temporarily withhold staff salaries for June and January.
“Unless Article 371 comes, it will be a threat to the nation and the nation may disappear.
To showcase the beautiful handicrafts made in the North East, a tall 'Focus North East' was set up in collaboration with the North Eastern Handicrafts & Handloom Development Corporation (NEHHDC).
The bell was sounded in front of the Raj Bhavan this evening. The bell was sounded on the Twitter account of the Governor of Meghalaya. from Corna disease.
Speaking to reporters, the Congress leader said that this incident shows that there is instability in the state.
They are now waiting for the decision of the Sengkmie and as members of the South West Khasi Hills District Unit they are ready to carry out the struggle from now on.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today said that 16 cases have recovered from the disease, out of 72 cases, 17 cases are still in hospital in East Khasi Hills. Hills 14 cases, Ri Bhoi 1, West Garo Hills 1, West Khasi Hills
After the PWD department has dismissed the contractor who constructed this road due to his excessive slowness, Bah Process has been following up from time to time how the PWD has tried to speed up the construction of this road. work that has a job as already discussed in the House of Representatives.
The Assam Logistics & Warehousing Policy, 2022 aims to transform the state into a logistics hub in the region through the development of logistics resources by benefiting private investment.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The elders of the border area of ​​Block-II under the Raid Nongtung of Ri Bhoi District today said that the people have no reason to send an apology to the Raid Nongtung. MLA of Mawhati, Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare.
On the same day, the Chief Minister also launched the Diamond Jubilee Puja Souvenir of the Nepali Puja Committee.
Shillong, March 16: At midnight, a riot broke out at the Temple in Nartiang due to the introduction of a new Pujari by the Rangbah Shnong.
This may mislead the public and the party will not refuse to explain to the public on this.
The curfew started at 5 pm and ended at 12 noon during which Tura and other district headquarters were closed.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has strongly condemned the act of robbery and rioting by the Police of South West Khasi Hills District. Samla Shemphang Nonglang, Vice President of KSU South West Khasi Hills District, Rangblang.
: Police of the Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday arrested a drug dealer at Mawlai Nongkwar, East Khasi Hills District. Police have arrested 4 grams of heroin, 43 syringes, 2 injection needles and T.1736 cash.
On this occasion, there were also many games on the stage where everyone spoke on one theme which is the uniqueness of the nation and to show to the world that we should hold fast to our culture. .
On this occasion, Bah Rocky wished the residents of the village a Happy New Year and hoped that the village will continue to receive development works in the village.
Shillong, Nailur 2: The Government today issued an announcement to dismiss many officers in various districts and government departments.
All the speakers expressed their opposition to this decision of MUDA. At this meeting they decided to give six months to MUDA to resolve the issue regarding the ring light of the people to them. The houses that have just been built because this is the problem faced by the people in the suburbs.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said that in South West Garo Hills, 74 out of 100 students failed in the matriculation examination. the cause of children's failure.
Those who attended the meeting and delivered speeches were the Lyngdod of Mawphlang Hima, Sirdar of Mawdon Hima, Lyngiong Hima, Sirdar of Pansanngut Hima, Acting Chief of Nongspung Hima, Secretary of Marbisu Hima, Minister of Kharshiing, Hima Mawphlang, Bah David Kharsati, Ex-MDC, and many Rangbah Shnongs and Village Committee members of various villages.
Marwein said the curfew on the 2nd of November will start at 5 pm and if the government continues to order, they will sit down again to talk and they will intensify the protests until The government has not implemented the ILP. (SP News).
When he was stopped by the BSF, he started recording videos of the border area and the BSF personnel on duty.
Speaking on his relationship with IFFI, Rishab Shetty said this is his second time to participate in the film festival.
During the inspection of the construction of the roads to the place of worship, the MLA of Mawryngkneng found that the construction of the road is progressing well and the MLA requested that they complete it before the construction of the road. you are praying.
He said that the DC has informed that he will issue another public announcement on Tuesday next month.
The group invites all the paradoh parasnam of the Jaidbynriew to join us as a group in this program as a sign of condolence and to urge Conrad Sangma, Himanta Biswa Sharma and Amit Shah that they should take responsibility.
Who is in the protest to protect himself because it is surprising that the MDCs of Mylliem Hima have never gathered together to discuss this issue.
The BSF believes that this money is to pay for the cow.
Dates and times of screening of this documentary.
Similarly, in 2017-18, there were Rs 6.86 crore tax payments which is an increase of 25% from the previous year.
He said that if a Dkhar girl marries a Khasi man, the children are given Khasi jait and this is very dangerous, because through this the parents in the household of the Dkhar girl. Because at present there are Self Rangbah Shnongs who can issue any kind of certificate or proof that they can get ST. There are also Self Rangbah Kur according to the opinion of the party.
Regarding this issue, the CEM said that last year there were discussions but the companies have expressed their concerns but the private companies will not. go only to places where they have income.
Speaking on the occasion, John Fisher Nongsiang, President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Khasi Hill District, said that the KSU has received a letter from the Chief Secretary regarding the proposal to set up a camp. -B in West Khasi Hill district.
Publicity Secretary : Justice Paul LvngdohOffice Secretary: Marviki LyngdohAssist.
Regarding the salary that they should not receive according to the daily wage set by the government, they should receive treatment without any payment and they also talked about the dismissal. The President of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Unions, Soni Kharjana, said that on the first point, the Minister, Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that she will hold a meeting with the Prime Minister. the state in connection with this issue on 6th November.
The land in Garo Hills is still plentiful and the lawbah lawsan are also plentiful, but how else can we send for sudden land to our Khasi areas.
In this regard, the union strongly condemns the violence and shooting of the Rangbah Shnong/Secretary of VEC Myntriang and some of the people.
The Director of Health Services (DHS) said that there are 202 members in the organization and 62 of them are women and 140 are men.
“We said ‘One Sun, One World, One Grid’.
Nikita Ghosh received a computer for completing many training courses and her ability to do well in all of them.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: People from all over the country including the youth, the elderly and the elderly, today flocked to the residence of Bah Ardent to support his protest against the Reservation Policy. .
In another incident, police have arrested two KSU members, Teilang Nongbri from Demseiniong and Johny Lyngdoh General Secretary of Mawlai Unit.
Furthermore, it is sad that Dr. Mukul Sangma's statement in the media “we don't need ILP or Modify ILP” shows that Mukul Sangma (Chief Minister) is not a resident of the country. Garo/Achik State, that he speaks against the value of our people, because not only the Sengbhalang want ILP but the indigenous people also want the Chief Minister to turn a little to the ILP. The rally at Student Square Jaiaw on 30th Nov
On that day, they will discuss and take a decision to submit their demand to the Government of India.
In the second half, Neroca FC struggled to turn the tide and Shillong Lajong scored the first goal in the 79th minute. Fabian Reid's jar.
He said that he is ready to work with the authorities in charge of the school, the MLA, the MDC and also the Sordar Shnongs of the area to work together and he hopes that In the next few years, the school will reach the college level.
Through this book, other ethnic groups who cannot read Khasi can learn about the stories of the Khasi people.
The purpose of this visit of the Prime Minister is to ensure that the sale of food items in the shops will go smoothly.
“Despite the risk taken by our leaders and Personal Security Officers (PSOs) to take part in the talks, if the Government refuses to allow peace, they cannot blame the HNLC for take the path of bloodshed.
The family members of the victim were identified as William Nongrum, 36, from Khanduli.
On the departure of Latiplang Kharkongor, Blandingstar Warjri, James Sylliang and Grace Mary Kharpuri, the party has no surprise.
The digitization of PACS, the launch of the National Database of Cooperative Societies, the scheme for Cooperative Education and Training and the scheme known as 'Sahkar Se Samriddhi' are some of the steps taken by the government. This department will strengthen cooperative activities in the country.
According to him, there has been a demand to set up an Integrated Check Gate at Baghmara so that tourists and traders can come because if the railway comes, the income of the people will increase immediately.
The MOTHER App, which collects information about poor mothers, has been able to encourage many mothers to go to health centers and this has helped significantly to reduce the number of poor mothers. The number of mothers who die during childbirth is the Maternal Mortality Rate (MMR).
On the issue of making its own decision on the Khasi and Garo languages, the Prime Minister said it is not necessary, as the central government will take the decision.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday promised to the COVID-19 Emergency Care Services Staff contracted by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare that the Government will pay their salaries within on the 10th of this month.
The death toll has risen to 4, of which 3 are unvaccinated, 2 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from West Khasi Hills. increased to 1385 people.
He said that the festival will continue today and tomorrow and the duhalia who were scheduled to perform at the festival who did not have the opportunity to perform on the opening day of the festival, will be allowed to perform today. days and there will also be those who will perform tomorrow on the closing day of the festival.
He said that the Home Guard Volunteers and the Police Department have been the two agencies which have assisted the district authorities to maintain peace and order when officials come to the State.
Shillong, June 05: Leaders of the MEHU Students' Union (MEHU) today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy to request him to take action to introduce University Grants in Shillong. Commission National Eligibility Test" and the "State Level Eligibility Test"
Many other speakers also spoke on the occasion of the 181st Anniversary of the Death of the Syiem of Nongkhaw Hima, Tirot Sing Syiem. In his speech, Bah Donal Syiemlieh said that the clan of Tirot Sing Syiem which has been written by all should be written Syiemlieh.
The festival will also feature the traditional foods of the area especially the Sohmynthar which is on the verge of extinction.
The truck was coming from Tripura and had the license plate number of Assam.
The first attempt was made on the 2nd of this month.
This decision was taken at a meeting chaired by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paim Ainam Manik Syiem and the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Iewduh Association in the presence of the EM of Market Department, Grace.
Representatives of major online giants (such as Google, Meta, Amazon, Flipkart and others), stakeholder groups, consumer-related groups including MGP and prominent consumer advocate, PushpaGirimji, those in the legal profession attended the meeting.
The BSF has handed over the suspect to the Meghalaya Police for investigation into the source of the money. investigation to find out where this money came from.
In his speech, Samla Pynshaiborlang Rani Assistant Education Secretary KSU Sengkmie urged the youth who have enough time not to do anything to contribute the best to the community so that the heritage will be remembered and proclaimed. forever.
Regarding the Meghalaya Residence Safety and Security Act, which was passed during his tenure, it is an incomplete law. The Chief Minister and the Governor have discussed this with the Ministry of Home Affairs.
In the past few months, KSU General Secretary Bah Auguester Jyrwa said that they have already sent a letter to the government but have not yet received a reply.
Out of the 34 cases in the city, 12 cases have returned, 10 cases from Mawlai Nongkwar, 6 cases from Laban, 3 cases from Laban, 1 case, 1 case. 2 people.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Titosstarwell Chyne, Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), said that at present, there is no thought of withholding the salaries of the employees. It is true that the collection of revenue from the Profession Tax and other revenue collections should continue.
The competition encourages families from all over the world to participate in the celebration of IDY 2024, showcasing the joy that yoga brings and also the strengthening of bonds between family members.
Shillong, March 22: There are 59 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 45 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 4 cases in West Jaintia Hills. Khasi Hills has 4 cases and 698 cases so far.
The order was issued after it was received that there has been a killing of fish from Shka Wah Umsoh to Shka Wah Umsong, Wah Japuh and Wah Jaduh by blowing up bombs and using chemicals. .
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Indigo Aircraft will fly daily between Shillong and Kolkata, which was launched today by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, the Minister of Transport and Communications, Bah Sniawbhlang Dhar. The MLAs flew from Kolkata to Shillong.
He concluded by acknowledging the important role of the Supreme Court in shaping the future of the country in the next 25 years and congratulated it on its 75th anniversary.
At the same time, Ms Phanbuh said that the MSWC expresses its gratitude to the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes and the National Commission for Women of the Central Government for taking the The Delhi Golf Club has decided to take action against Tailin for insulting her because she is a member of the Constitution of the country, according to the laws of the country.
We will release only Ambulance and Mortuary Vans and Emergency vehicles such as in case of illness and tragic incidents.
The party also sends its condolences to the family members of the Rangbah who lost their father and relatives through this tragic incident.
This shows that the authorities do not respect even the holy day which used to be called Easter Sunday , after meeting with the director of NIT , he promised that he will do his best to He will have to talk to the Governor as the Governor will be the chief guest on this day.
And the fraud when they invited the members of the KSU to speak but they were bombed and tied and even the residents of the village.
The ICMR has so far approved a total of 1,056 testing centers for testing for COVID-1
In fact, the 27th Anniversary of the Shillong Circle was scheduled to be celebrated at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall Shillong this morning, but for unavoidable reasons it had to be postponed. until another day is appointed.
It can be clearly seen from the acquisitions in the last few days that we have made the right decisions.
Another issue on which the KHADC has refused to accept is the amendment of Para 12 (b) to empower the President but they have demanded that it should empower only the Governor in the state.
Kong Adlyne Khonglam, is a poet, singer and musician with a strong voice that touches the hearts of the people with her songs and words about rural life, the slow voice in the shadows and the bright voices in the society. .
This will also be a different festival with the use of lights and other technologies on this first day.
The three candidates who have applied for tickets are Martamlin Pyrbot, former MDC of KHADC, Michael Kharsyntiew who has recently joined the BJP and M.Kharkrang who has joined the BJP. Many of the BJP leaders are watching Bah JA Lyngdoh who has won 5116 votes from the BJP constituency. The party has not yet announced anything regarding the MLA elections in
The rules that the government cannot accept are they want more land, they want to change the contract from 30 years to 99 years and they want to increase the class fee. doctors whom the government does not accept.
The scheme will benefit farmers as well as local artisans and people involved in the bamboo sector including factories.
It is to be recalled that the authorities of West Khasi Hills District have demolished the toilets and also demolished the coal mines of the Coke Plant in Shallang through the order of the Meghalaya High Court.
Regarding the footbridge over the Ganol River at Anggalgre, the bridge will be constructed at a cost of T.82 lakh.
The order was issued after the office received information that there will be people and groups to quarry stone and shyiap from these two rivers.
"Dr.Thangkhiew, together with the team, wants to provide the people of Meghalaya and the North Eastern Region with the quality of care available in all modern health facilities across the country and the earth.
“This initiative will help the youth to think about physical activity and to prevent them from falling into various vices,” said the KSU. Care Rehabilitation Centre” and the union said that it will take action to find land and explain to the villages to accept this proposal.
During the inspection, the Seng leaders had a meeting with the Vice Principal of the Institute at Khliehtyrchi to get clarification from the Head of the Institute.
In Meghalaya, 10 places have been selected to conduct such public awareness campaigns on central government schemes.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Parvin Bakshi, told SP News Agency that all the 13 persons arrested are in the hands of the court.
However, according to the Office Memorandum, the policy will be effective only until 2006 which means that constructions beyond this year have already been illegal under para 5
The money is available to pay the rent if the owners are ready to give the properties.
He said that the failure of the Congress to do well in the past years is because those who were elected by the people of the Congress have turned against the party. He said that he will go to the people to explain and explain that they can win this MP election from both the seats from Shillong and Tura.
If you have any questions, please telephone us at +97235226748, or send us an email:.
Police said the teacher was a teacher at Dalu Higher School.
It is on this basis that thousands of people have applied to join the NPP to support Martin M Danggo in the mid-term elections to win the elections.
There are 10,94,947 male voters, 11,22,150 female voters and 3 Third Gender voters.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The certificate distribution ceremony for the 101st batch of Computer Trainers and the 40th Batch of Language Trainers was held today at Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Center in Shillong.
Prestone said the report of the test arrived last night.
The Work Permit is a law approved by the State Government but if those who come don't understand the Act, what is the point of talking about the Act and whether the Act applies only to us the indigenous people. ?, and not only that, even the No Objection Certificate from the Khasi Autonomous District Council has not been received yet. you of me.
The gold medals were won by West Khasi Hills and East Khasi Hills.
However, for six months now, the government has not paid their food allowance of T.3000 per month.
Because of this, the British sent troops against Kiang Nangbah and his troops.
The meeting also discussed the issue of illegal entry of foreigners, not only in Meghalaya and North East but in the country as a whole. the culture and language of the people of Meghalaya and North East as a whole.
Because the government has given the company the land to plant trees and flowers to beautify the land, the company has done its duty by planting the trees and the flowers.
The project, which has been implemented after many years of hard work, by the leaders of the Union of Himas, Wah Umiam Mawphlang Welfare Society, which has been implemented for many years, has been implemented. including the Rangbah, Women from these 40 Hima/Elaka with the support of Community Forest International (CFI-USA) have now been able to register and include the project as one of the REDD+ projects.
Prabodh Brahma's body was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital for postmortem before being handed over to his relatives for the last rites.
This is the first party from the North East to receive this National Party status.
On the other hand, the KSU leader said that in fact the prime minister should have been in the state to resolve these issues.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Shanlang Diengdoh, President of the MCCL Employees' Union, said that tomorrow morning they will leave for Shillong to hold the strike in front of the MCCL office in Shillong.
There are many viewpoints on the banks of the Mawryngkhang River which offer a clear view not only of Mawryngkhang and Mawpator but also of the beautiful banks and the Wahrew and Umnup Rivers.
These leaders after seeing this were encouraged that even though the state government has not done anything but the central government has understood the problem of the people and the CCIB has spoken to the state government. The Government should also respect the farmland which is the source of income for the people of the entire region.
The Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh on Tuesday inaugurated and inaugurated the new Parish of Mary Our Help Christian, Mawpdang. .Sebastian Tirkey as the new Parish Priest.
Shillong, July 12: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today announced that the stickers on taxis have been postponed to the 30th of this month.
The Government of India is celebrating the fifth International Day of Yoga (IDY) today.
A total of 33 persons from various government departments as well as private groups attended the training.
On the other hand, the union urged the state government to increase the fee to 60 tyngka which will help the people.
Police took him to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
This announcement is in accordance with a notice issued by the Commissioner Excise Office of the Government of Meghalaya on 30th June 2020 which states that all liquor shops in East Khasi Hills District will be open from 10.00 am to 10.00 pm 8.00 pm.
The swearing-in ceremony of the MLAs who have been elected in the last elections was announced by the office of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly through the Commissioner and Secretary.
Markus Lyngdoh was an MDC from Nongpoh Constituency from 1972 to
The Rangbah Shnong of Sohliya, Bah Ostander Lyngkhoi, congratulated Dr Vijay Kumar for his support in organizing this festival as Ri Bhoi alone produces 2 or 3 tonnes of strawberries.
Mr. MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO.
Debra Rynjah, who organized the song, said that this is part of the Meghalaya Grassoots Music Project which was recently announced by the Chief Minister and is run by the Meghalaya Tourism Department.
The union wants the new market to be a market exclusively for the Hynniewtrep or Hynniewtrep Market.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: Six cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in West Garo Hills District, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
The Chief Minister also praised the Meghalaya government for holding the Tableau in Delhi on the occasion of the Republic Day celebrations and the ability of women's organizations to work together. in the state of Meghalaya.
On this occasion, the group of duhalia whom the Seng Khasi Kmie has appointed to perform their put ka tem is a group of youngsters who have already been trained and performed in all kinds of sur ksing or skit including to the children of the group of La Syrdoh.
Shah said whether it is Turkey or Syria, Biporjoy or Michaung, the ropeway incident or the rescue of the climbers.
The appointment of these officers is to inspect the people who come to work in the state, in various places such as in the construction of houses and other works and to check the illegal entry of that foreign person.
The age screening was conducted by the MFA in Garo Hills on 14 May and in the other three zones on Saturday.
In the women's final, Mawsynram Pink Panthers chose to bat first after winning the toss and elected to score 72 runs before all 10 were bowled out after 17.4 overs.
The purpose of this scheme is to provide tyndong lyer ei to the poor households known as BPL. This tyndong lyer ei to the poor households will be in the name of the woman only. The expenditure of T.1600 tyngka is not covered by the Central Government as assistance to the poor households.
Tiubok Lyngdoh, 41, of Mawkyrwat, Dary Pariong, 41, of Mawprem, Suraia R Sangma, 40, of Mawsynram, Emmanuel Marak, 34, of Warima Williamnagar and Nikchira T Sangma, 20, of Maljanggre.
Speaking on the recently concluded Assembly elections, the Prime Minister said that the resolutions of the elections clearly show the fulfillment of the Modi Guarantee.
Shillong, June 25: The Meghalaya government has found that there are about 400 schools in Meghalaya which are at risk in case of an earthquake, the State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA) Executive said. Officer, HB Marak at a meeting held by the State Level Workshop under (NSSP).
According to information received, this happened after the robbers took advantage of the darkness of the night and broke into the bank by breaking the door locks from the back door. of the Bank with the intention of robbing the money inside the Bank.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The National People's Party (NPP) on Thursday celebrated the 76th birth anniversary of Purno A. Sangma, the founder of the party in the state.
The Central Government has also declared the Mawbyna area as a Specially Protected Area under the Ancient Monument and Archaeological Sites and Remain Act (240f 1958).
Shillong, July 03: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has lodged a complaint with the leaders of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) over the illegal kilo cutting of their produce in the area. Ri-Fear.
This was announced by Bah Hamletson Dohling, Minister of Information and Technology, Government of Meghalaya, after inspecting the project on Tuesday along with officials from the IT department, officials from the company implementing the project and others. .
New Delhi, June 23: A total of 1351 candidates from 12 states and UTs will contest the third phase of the Lok Sabha elections
When SP News spoke to the people who found the animal, they found that its hands were like those of a human being, its legs were like those of a human being and its legs were also from the animal. On the other hand, the people of Umsawrang village said that it may be that animal.
Shillong, Naitung 11: Police have investigated the cause of the theft of weapons in Laitumkhrah and arrested Ricky Swer. he is 29 years old.
Shillong, Lber 31: The General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Front (HNLC), Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, who is also the spokesperson of the HNLC, has admitted that the HNLC has received information that there are many. politicians, government officials and some civil society leaders.
These types of pyrjong are clever to bite and bleed in the morning and at sunset.
Purno, who has won the MP election from 2-Tura since 1977, said that all political parties have asked him to return. He was involved in national politics because the people of Garo Hills did not want him to go to Delhi as a leader.
It is sad that when the employees of MeCEL went to install the electricity connection, they were attacked by the Assam police.
As the Chief Guest, Bah Ban Basaiawmoit said that the present and past heritage has been seen and experienced in all aspects, from dignity, education, trade, governance. He said that as a nation full of disunity and hatred, all these things need to change.
Through these flights, people from Guwahati, Aizawl and Shillong will have the opportunity to reach other parts of the country.
The Manipur Integrated Logistics Policy, 2022 envisages the promotion of ease of doing business through the participation of those involved in these activities and those in industrial estates such as Logistics Park and the availability of storage space.
He said that he strongly opposes the CAB and that it will not work.
The GSU, FKJGP, ADE, AYWO and NGCO and other civil society groups from Assam on the border with Meghalaya have come to Shillong to take part in the one-day protest. .
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Cabinet today approved the Meghalaya Safety and Security Rules, 2017, and the Government will issue the notice on these rules on the first day of next year, said the Chief Minister. Dr Mukul Sangma after the Cabinet meeting held today.
According to sources close to the AITC, it is understood that next month they will submit a request to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly to appoint a Chief Whip from the opposition in the Legislative Assembly.
On the other hand, Bah Lurshai Tohtih said that the Dorbar Shnong Mawlyngbna will temporarily ban the entry of foreign tourists as well as those from outside Meghalaya.
Shillong, November 29: Having Aadhaar and bank accounts opened under Jan Dhan is essential for them to receive government assistance through the Aadhaar Payment Bridge. At the same time, those who do not have Aadhaar and who are eligible for government assistance should also receive it.
He said that there is no opportunity to get more money from the Minority Affairs Department under his jurisdiction.
One of the brothers of the victim said that his brother was a stonecutter and while he was on his way home, he was caught by the robbers. who beat him until he died and his body was found on the side of the road.
The three recoveries are from East Khasi Hills District, 41 cases are still suffering from the disease, of which 8 cases are in hospital, 6 cases are from cases in East Khasi Hills and 2 cases in West Garo Hills.
Shillong, Nailur 10: Bah Tranley Kshiar, resident of Block G, Madanriting and recently retired from his post as Assistant Executive Engineer (A&EE), PWD (Roads) Mawkyrwat Division, South West Khasi Hills, has been arrested. died today.
All the units have been directed to inform the parent party if they have any work to do.
Any foundation stone laying ceremony within the 26-Langrim MDC Constituency has also been banned.
He also advised clubs and academies to apply for assistance through the YESS Meghalaya Scheme.
Rocky also expressed his gratitude to all the political parties who came to donate to the refugees of Sohpdok village and also to the authorities in charge of the district from the office of The Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District and also from the office of Umsning C&RD Block who have been able to take action to provide emergency assistance to the people who have suffered from this disaster by providing the Relief Fund and other necessary assistance.
Regarding the announcement by the Minister of Education to start the college, Patharkhamah area is an Administrative Unit within Ri Bhoi District and is a backward area. It is farther away from Nongpoh, the capital of Ri Bhoi District.
The President of the Mawlai Branch, Bah Gordon Khongsit and the President of the Mawlai Branch, Bah Sam Sun, were present on the occasion. They demanded that the MDA government should not take action to immediately reopen the border.
Therefore, the Hon'ble High Court has not been able to hear this case.
One of the more special events was the “Yoga with Family” Video Competition held in collaboration with the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) on MyGov and MyBharat.
This was announced in a statement sent by the General Secretary of the CoRP, Bah Evanasar Shylla.
Ranjan Daimary was brought from Bangladesh to India after being arrested along with ULFA leaders. bomb blast across Assam which has shocked the whole of India.
These schools are owned and operated by the central government and these schools were acquired through the Ministry of Tribal Affairs in
If the government authorities do not take action, we will not be able to gather the people before taking other stronger decisions.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma, in reply to a question by Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that the government has decided to build the Shillong Medical College. government-private partnership.
Since Parliament has passed the Lokpal and Lokayukta Act 2013, the state government has to do the same, he said.
Furthermore, as part of the efforts to join hands and encourage the 4 villages in South West Khasi Hills District, we have donated Personal Protective Equipments (PPEs) to the leaders. of Mawten, Mawlangwir, Nonglang and Jashiar.
In order to make it easier for the public to complain if there are shops selling overpriced prices, HYC Ri-bhoi District urges and advises the District Administration DC of Ri-bhoi through the Department of Food and Civil Supplies They should make a price list and distribute it to the shop.
The meeting was opened by a welcome speech by Fr.George Jacob CSC Principal, Bah Robin Sohtun, one of the parents of the students, and others. Two Chief Guests, Bah Labiangbha T. Tariang, BDO Mawkynrew C&RD Block and Rev. Simon Fernandez CSC, Provincial Holy Cross, NE India were also present. The Parents' Day Celebration 2018 was attended by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Pai) who is also MLA/MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency and at the same time the Minister in charge of Parents' Day Celebration. Sports & Youth Affairs of the Government of Meghalaya who was the Chief Guest.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah JP Lakiang, while talking to SP News Agency, said that 83 houses have been damaged. Umjaru, Mawrap-Mawlangniang, Nongkdiat, Mawsiangbah, Mawsiaj and Mawkhniang.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Department of Environmental Studies of Martin Luther Christian University, Shillong, in collaboration with the Office of the State Mission Director, has launched a campaign to improve the quality of education in the country. , Swachh Bharat Mission, Meghalaya, tomorrow morning to clean up the Dainthlen River in Sohra.
“On the part of the Council, when I was the Chief Executive Member (CEM), I introduced a law known as the Village Development Council (VDC) Act. The law shall fulfill the desire of the Central Government to have governance in the villages.
The promotion of cooperatives in society and the role of cooperatives in social order.
They spoke on the state of peace and order in the state, they expressed their readiness to work with the government to bring peace, they spoke on what happened in Ishamati, the imposition of curfew. in this state and also the ban on the Internet.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 366, with 102 recoveries from East Khasi Hills District and 47,963 recoveries. after.
Thanks to the courage of 12-year-old Jenestar, two children were rescued inside the house. This courage saved two lives.
The winners were awarded with certificates and trophies.
Shillong, Iaiong 17: Parents of SSA teachers in the state have expressed their deep sorrow over the government's inability to implement the demands of SSA and fourth teachers. teachers in the state where the government has forced them to strike by striking to expose the government's silence.
The two persons arrested by the police on Tuesday night are Skerling Pyrtuh, 39, of Mawthlong, Traibor Lyngdoh, 30, of Mawthlong, and Traibor Lyngdoh, 28 years old from Nongbsap and 28 years old from Mawthlong.
The meeting decided to gather and invite all the managers, caretakers, forest owners, in this country who want to preserve their forests to gather information including the history of these forests. and to send it to the SPIKAP office within two months.
The British Government at the time of its rule in India on 27th July 1873 issued a Government Proclamation known as the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 which the Government of India adopted. This Act came into force in the State of Manipur on 01 July 2020 and takes the year 1961 as the year of its name.
The Seng has long been eager to see the government take action to curb and prevent the illegal entry and exit of foreigners and mynder into these beloved Ri Lum Khasi in such ways. different.
The Commandant of the Battalion in his speech urged to encourage his men, that no matter if we cannot be with our family members this Christmas or in other parts but we should love each other. Everyone to each other because our group is like a family, and we must fulfill our duties that our country has entrusted to us so that the Creator will bless us. .
This has been done by the State Government to eliminate the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo and to give free access to these two NON TRIBAL Companies.
Police have seized 4.15 grams of heroin from the house of Chales Myrchiang of Ladrymbai village in Dongwah Pohktieh. mother.
It may be recalled that this session will end on 15/3/2
Referring to the election of CEM in the KHADC, Bah Ronnie said that it is certain that there will be three changes of EC in the current Assembly and this shows that this EC will be a weak EC. The Congress will not move but the EC will fall and the Congress will come.
The EPIC of other ethnic groups by taking our Kur or Jait Khasi-Pnar, this may be due to their Residential Certificate and this will affect the minority ethnic group. I'm after you.
Shillong, June 15: A meeting of the Sengkhihlang was held today at Sabah Muswang village in West Jaintia Hills District.
He said that the development of a good, flexible and inclusive National Curriculum Framework is necessary to combine the preservation of national identity and the needs of the world. liberating the education profession from the colonial mindset and bringing more pride to future generations.
Bah FR Kharkongor Commissioner and Secretary Textiles and C&RD first led the Textiles and C&RD teams for the collaboration and officers from the Textiles Department represented the state at the G20 Exhibition.
He approved the proposal of the Chairman, suggesting that the history of the factory will be shared with the public through the conversion into a museum, and that the workers will be able to run it again. to jobs within this factory.
This has shocked the people and many people have lodged a complaint with the KSU. After this, the KSU has sought detailed information about the documents of these foreigners and has also received the documents through the RTI complainants. on this topic.
Danngo's butt is right.
In other districts, 3 cases have been confirmed in East Jaintia Hills, 3 cases in Ri Bhoi, 16 cases in West Khasi Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills and 9 cases in South Garo Hills. 10.
Speaking to reporters, he said the first discussion was that they want the government to pay the salaries of the teachers every month including the master rolls in the schools.
He said that it is urgent to get these customs and traditions which have remained only in the language so that they can also get the power of the law to protect the rights of the children. He explained that once the SHNONG AIN has been enacted, the Shnongs, Raid/Hima/Elaka can ensure that those AINs are in accordance with the customs and traditions of the area. their.
They also discussed the delay in the investigation into the rape of a child in Jirang Ri Bhoi District.
The introduction of a ban on the use of plastics by the government authorities may not be successful without the cooperation and understanding of the residents around.
June Mary Kharmawphlang, 51, was injured in the incident and was taken by ambulance 108 to Umsning CHC for treatment.
The award was presented by the Prime Minister of India to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma in Delhi today. In the presence of the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
She said that let peace come to rule in order to bring about economic development in all aspects.
Use electrical management systems to monitor the load.
Such incidents have taxed the image of the entire state.
On the other hand, the Secretary to the State Government said that the Government will take note of this demand and will bring the matter to the Chief Minister for action.
That is what we discussed yesterday (with the Minister of State).
The President said women play a major role in environmental protection and climate change action.
After submitting the letter seeking clarification regarding the distribution of Umphniang sharak in Ri Bhoi District, the President of the union, Bah Apbor Nongrum, said that the price has been set by the office. and this has affected the poor households.
What has been achieved so far is a victory for the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: A total of 375 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in the state today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to Of these, East Khasi Hills alone has 1583 cases.
He said that the Jackfruit Mission is an initiative of the state government to assist the farmers in the state in order to encourage the farmers to earn money from the Sohphan. Meghalaya is especially affected by the rural areas.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the allegations of the opposition from the Congress party especially the opposition leader Dr Mukul Sangma are only political allegations which they do not want to accept. because they have the power to provide services to the people.
The state will see good jobs in the coming years.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that this is the second time that the government has had to ask MeECL to take money from the non-profits to pay the light bill to NEPCO. He said that there are other companies which MeECL has yet to destroy. The total bailight that MeECL has spent on the purchase of electricity is T.767 crore.
Karol is allowed only in compliance with the rules, for the feast is allowed in compliance with the rules churches have to take measures to make sure that those who come to the meeting places are carefully supervised.
If these banks are unable to operate these Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) within these days, please explain to the customers who deposit money in their banks according to the customer service rules.
Shillong, November 09: BSF troops from 4 Battalion on 8/12/2023 seized Phensedly and sugarcane drugs while they were trying to smuggle to Bangladesh.
During the meeting, they also discussed the need to eliminate the illegal collection inside the airport, because these days if they are not paid, the drivers of tourist vehicles are shot dead.
The Government has sent the resolution of the House to the Central Government and a group of MLAs have met with the Union Home Minister on 20th June 2020 and during this meeting they have explained to the members. that the central government was reviewing and an assurance was given that the rights of tribals would be given protection.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The teachers of the Meghalaya Sarva Shishah Abiyan School Teachers Association (KSA) today decided to accept the proposal of the Khasi National Dorbar Hall. Government to transfer 4 Teachers from Upper Primary Schools to Lower Primary Schools.
Shillong, November 21: At the Special Session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly held in Shillong today, the Chief Minister, Shri Conrad K. Sangma, in his reply to the questions from the MLAs, Shillong Times dt.20.12.19 – Quote “Conrad pointed out that by the Notification of December 11 this year, which included Manipur under ILP, the Center has changed the Preamble of the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation Act and the word Khasi-Jaintia was deleted though it was there in the earlier.
Shillong, June 02: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya (CHP) will meet tomorrow at 11 am today. April 2013, at Lumbasuk, Demthring, Shillong to discuss the letter from the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, sent by the KHADC authorities on the amendment of many of the provisions of the Sixth Schedule ( The meeting will also discuss the meeting arranged by the Chief Executive Members to meet with Smt.
Referring to the newly sworn in ministers, Dr Mukul said that these two ministers will understand the working methods of the government and he has confidence in them to take responsibility. head and deal with problems as cabinet ministers.
The Prime Minister said that as politicians and officers, the goal is to provide services to the people.
Shillong, July 09: Under the leadership of State President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Rikman Momin, about 40 members of the party have left for Delhi to attend the swearing-in ceremony of Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister of the country. In India for more than a hundred years.
The central government is looking into how to build roads in the area to connect from one place to another.
The Minister said that the decline in revenue from liquor has decreased since the NGT banned coal, and after that decision of the Supreme Court, it has also increased. affect more.
Guwahati, July 04: Hindi actress Malaika Arora today came to take part in the 12-day festival held at Chirang in the Bodo district of Assam.
From this MEPRF, Meghalaya has received T.450 crore and T.100/- crore has been allocated to the National Pollution Control Board. coal mining in the state by planting trees.
“Because of this, even in space-related industries, we have seen a lot of startups coming into the industry and wanting to get involved,".
Only if they are self-sufficient, that is, their lives and minds are satisfied.
The temporary supply of electricity from NEEPCO to MePDCL ended in November and MePDCL no longer receives electricity from NEEPCO as scheduled. In a letter written by NEEPCO to the Chairman and Managing Director of MeECL and MePDCL on 31.05.2019, it has been made clear that this suspension will be temporary for the purpose of seven months, and these seven months are over.
The Rashtriya Uchchatar Shiksha Abhiyan (RUSA) has been demanding for many years the students of Kiangnagbah College.
“Because of the lack of jobs, the youth in our state cannot afford to apply for jobs, many of them are cheated and deceived. these scams have also occurred at various educational institutions.
He said that the Assam government has already brought drinking water to these areas to the house of Eoloda Syiem in Balakhawa. investigate and find out what the Assam government has done.
The question is whether to go to the Supreme Court or the High Court, and the demand now is that Article 263 should be implemented to get the Inter State Council to look into it. on the right track.
BSF troops of 172 Battalion, Meghalaya have seized a vehicle carrying sugar smuggled to Bangladesh and arrested two Indians from Kuliang border. in East Jaintia Hills District.
He said that the CoMSO will once again insist that the 60 MLAs of the state should go to Delhi to demand the approval of the ILP in the state.
The reason is that the road is long and expensive. On this basis, the union demands that the DC should take action to talk to the government to do what is right. There is a need to set up a fully fledged MPSC branch in Williamnagar.
Regarding the residents of the area, the DC said that they have a case in court, but the union has not received an answer because they have a case. foreigners are still allowed to enter the area.
At this meeting, the Regional Progressive Alliance (RPA) including the UDP and the UDP made it clear that they want the ILP to be implemented in Meghalaya.
“We tried our best but it wasn't until the police arrived (we were able to rescue the two) because the people wanted to arrest the perpetrators,” said Bah Mawlong.
This place is the main road to Mawlong Market.
The speakers also extended their blessings and best wishes to Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh by saying that the residents of the village will repay him for his good deeds and services. He will be promoted to MLA in
All e-cigarettes before they were approved by the FDA were tobacco products, and not many young people who smoked these other types of cigarettes or vapes used them.
On the other hand, NEHUSU has taken this decision to hold this protest because what the NEHU especially the VC is doing is affecting the students of this university. NEHUSU has been talking from time to time but nothing has been done yet.
Shillong, Nailur 06: A group of tourists have gone to the Mawbeh River today and one of them has lost his life. and he went down to the river Moab, which is in Zorah.
Cases against offenders have often been prosecuted and we will ensure that these people are brought to justice.
However, they don't have any other reason and now they are starting to complain about their own affairs.
The polling will be held on the 26th at 7 pm and will end at 4 pm.
On the other hand, the Minister in charge of the education department said that the decision of the Cabinet will be sent to the department to take the necessary action as the demand of the teachers is right. right.
Shillong, July 06: The Governor of Meghalaya, RN Ravi has called a meeting between the Union of Rangbah Shnong, ICARE and the Traditional Medicine Association at 11 am at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
This was stated by HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin while talking to media after the HYC visited the Additional Secretariat to encourage the protest of VPP leader Ardent.
Therefore, the CEC in its meeting held on 3/9/18 expressed its regret that it has not been able to send a letter to the CEC but they have seen through the media that Bah Adelbert Nongrum will not be removed. letter of resignation and that he is still looking for a candidate to contest against the party candidates.
Many of the leaders of the civil society groups hope that the rebel groups in Garo Hills will respond to the demands of the people for the sake of bringing peace and stability in the area of ​​Meghalaya.
The party also urges you as the Chairman of the Regional Committee to take this opportunity to talk to the Government of Meghalaya to remove the people who have two names from the Electoral Roll. The reason for this border incident at Langpih is that non-Khasis have two EPICs, one in Meghalaya and one in Assam.
The union has received information that the university is now calling for the appointment of Professor and Assistant Professor to teach within the university. who have met certain criteria.
The improvement of school buildings will bring about a change in education in the state and this is in line with the National Education Policy 2022, which has been announced by the Central Government. school buildings.
This place is a sacred place for the Khasi child who is still holding his own thymmei.
This is the second electricity pipeline crossing the border between India and neighboring countries.
On the other hand, the Minister of Home Affairs said that the political department will do whatever it takes to investigate the case. a retired judge, because the government is very concerned about this incident.
After receiving the approval from the State Government, a team of Gazetted Police Officers, Meghalaya has been formed under the leadership and supervision of Bah HK Thabah, MCS. The State Pollution Control Board, District Commerce and Industries for the demolition and demolition of the Atoskhanas of 57 illegal coal mining factories which were built without Consent to Establish (CTE).
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Hynniewtrep Territorial Organization (HITO) has clarified the statement of the Minister of Home Affairs, Meghalaya Government, Bah Lakmen Rymbui, which appeared in the media on 12/08/ 2021, which said that the Government of India has not accepted the Instrument of Accession (IOA).
Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew General Secretary of the HFU was also present on the occasion. He talked about the struggle of the HFU to eliminate the kilo cut, the lack of water for farming and also on the need for the farmers to unite to create unti in each village so that the HFU will be strong. and also to unite the farmers.
Shillong, June 09: The CORP Women Wings Umden Mission Unit (CORP) Umden Mission Unit today concluded the final football tournament of the CORP Umden Mission Unit. The final was played between Rah Jingshai FC and Arka FC. The event was attended by the President of Rah Jingshai FC VRS Arka FC. S Marbaniang and Foster Sohiong, Secretary Umroi Youth Congress.
The registration will be unique in all states except Andhra Pradesh and Telangana.
Synnah, who fought against Roopesh Shukla from Madhya Pradesh, won by scoring more points to impress the fans who came to witness the match.
The shop in Shillong also offers photo-chromatic lenses and sunglasses or glasses in the hot sun.
He has embezzled the money of 38 people up to Rs 80 lakh but has not been able to provide them with jobs.
As you can see, many Khasi live by driving taxis and have been able to do this job well, therefore KHADC should issue a notice to immediately ban foreigners from driving taxis and to punish those who violate the law.
In this regard, the Dorbar of Chiefs of Meghalaya has urged the Ministry of Tribal Affairs and the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, to take action to abolish the Sixth Schedule. or to set their own Schedules so that they can establish and express their own traditional rule through those Autonomous District Councils, unlike now where all the 40 ethnic groups and their traditional rule only in a Sixth Schedule which has begun to create misunderstanding and doubt about the purpose of protecting minorities.
On the other hand, the MDCs in the Congress have gone to the Congress candidate because there are 12 MDCs and the supporters of this party. enough either.
Shillong, June 19: U Deenadayalan Vishwa, a table tennis player who died in a car accident at Shangbangla in Ri Bhoi District, was buried today. .
Shillong, July 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong today convened a meeting at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to discuss the implementation of the schemes of the East Khasi Hills District. In his speech, Prestone said that the government has decided to hold such meetings every three months to monitor the implementation of the schemes. The purpose of this meeting was to discuss, understand and resolve any issues if any and at the same time to give advice on how to move forward.
If we leave it to them, the UDP and NPP will not think too much about this but we have to think carefully about this important issue.
He said that the reason why the Sengbhalang has extended the curfew is because some churches have a big service to start on that day.
He said the HFU stands on the basis of fighting many of the problems of the farmers, whether it is the lack of seeds.
Speaking to the BSF chiefs in charge of the border, he said that the first task to provide good security is for the BSF troops to have a close relationship with the BSF. people living on the border with Bangladesh.
So you thew you don't die.
The Seng does not want to blame anyone at this time but reminds us of the words that were spoken to the people of the village during the election campaign. The HYC Maweit Circle is deeply concerned about the plight of the people of Maweit Circle and appeals to all the residents of Maweit area such as the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Sengbhalang and Youth Organizations. HYC Maweit Circle to join hands in this rally led by HYC Maweit Circle as a sign of sorrow for the neglect of the Maweit area by the government. by the Seng.
In a statement sent today, James M Perry and Valariena Syiemlieh said that every year too many children drop out of school just because the family cannot afford to pay. he didn't go to school.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla, has been angry to see the sale of land within the Hima Jirang on the border with Assam in parts of Rani village for quarrying. .
This step will really strengthen the fight against sickle cell anemia.
It is also the first Super Specialty Healthcare Center in North East India.
May the Skul Seng Khasi continue to educate the children on the basis of the nation.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Warjri said that he has lodged a complaint with the Chief Minister, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District and the MLA. Jirang of Jirang, Bah S Sohtun, on the occasion of the construction of the road by the Assam government.
The farmers have found it difficult to understand the death of the soh trees and the agriculture department has not been able to explain why the soh trees have died. However, this has not helped and as the days go by, the death toll of the trees has increased.
Replying to a question by SP News Agency whether this announcement will be made only in Shillong or in the entire district, the Deputy Commissioner, Bah PS Dkhar, said that it will be made in all districts. one of the districts of East Khasi Hills.
In the Science Exhibition, five schools participated in the preparation of their products and explanations to the children who visited these products.
The President of the party said that the foreign ideology has started to enter and destroy the indigenous ideology of the nation and those are the signs that we can do it as a nation. the day will remain victorious in the way of thinking.
Shillong, November 20: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided that the MDC elections to the JHADC and KHADC Legislative Assemblies will be held on 27th June
He was also pleased with the initiatives such as 11 crore toilets, more than 4 lakh km of roads connecting villages, more than 50,000 Amrit Sarovars and more than 30,000 new Panchayat Bhawans.
The meeting was attended by the Director of Urban Development, Bah E. Kharmalki, Superintendent Engineer, Bah K. Wahlang, Rangbah Shnong, Bah Michael Hek and other village officials.
Meanwhile, in a letter sent to the Minister of Education, Bah Banshai Marbaniang, he sent the same letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Principal Secretary. the State Government is not responsible for the Ministry of Education.
In a statement, the publicity secretary of the HNLC said that other countries have faced the same problem, which has led US President Donald Trump to ban up to seven Muslim countries from entering the country. Speaking of income growth, rich and wealthy countries attract many citizens from other poor countries to earn or trade, as well. The Indian currency is stronger and stronger than the Bangladeshi or Nepalese currency. That is why we find that there are many Nepalis and Bangladeshis in India.
On the bridge, the PWD has put up a sign that only vehicles carrying less than 50 tonnes are allowed to pass through the bridge.
Muktiar S Dey, who was also present on the occasion, said that he congratulates Sangma for producing this song and said that this should not be the end of the song. I hope that in the future there will be more songs.
Out of the 600 houses that should have been distributed to the poor, only 96 have been completed.
During this period, the fight against COVID-19 has been improved in the health facilities.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Minister of State, Bah Robert J Kharjahrin, he said that he will consider the matter. it is the same subject.
To ensure that the work goes smoothly, a committee has not been set up to ensure that the work goes smoothly and the market will also have a parking lot that can accommodate up to 16 vehicles.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The HITO of Ri Bhoi District today raided the Shillong Airport and found that many of the contractors have left since June 2022 without renewal.
The house was constructed at a cost of T.1.29 crore, he said.
One is that this government is now full of conflict or attempts to overthrow the government and the second is that the Chief Minister of the state, although he has held the position for a long time, is only a tyngam and put turoi (kum 15th July) but no signs have been received yet in relation to the introduction of Block 1 &
Shillong, March 07: BSF troops patrolling the border of Meghalaya on Tuesday seized drugs and clothes worth more than T.17 lakh while robbers were trying to smuggle them. -Law in Bangladesh.
Shillong, November 10: Police have recovered the body of Hedrin Rynjah from a house at Dongkanan in Laitkyrhong village of East Khasi Hills District. the forest is not covered.
Speaking to media, they said that it is sad to know that the Meghalaya government has neglected the MDC constituencies within the KHADC. The Government has sent a letter to the Standing Parliamentary Committee (SPC) in charge of amending the Sixth Schedule that there should be 40 MDC Constituencies in the KHADC. The KHADC has decided to have only 31 MDCs and this has been sent to the government. According to the decision, 29 MDCs should be elected by election, two should be elected and one should be elected. to be a woman.
The villages expected to be included in the Sub Center are Sarin, Nongpdengkynbah and Nongkynbah which have more than 2000 residents.
With the surrender of these members of the UALA, the sign of peace has begun to return to Garo Hills. 2015, and the ksiang who took part in the peace talks were the General Secretary, Garo Baptist Convention, Rev. Janang R. Sangma, Pastor, Hawakhana Church, Rev. FD Sangma and Rev. Fr. .Januarius S.Sangma while on the part of the government, those who took part in the talks to bring them to the peace talks were the Chairman of MBOSE who is also the Commissioner & Secretary, Bah E.P. Almost.
Shillong, July 01: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma at the inauguration of the 4Act East Business Show in Shillong organized by the Indian Chamber of Commerce in collaboration with the Department of Commerce and Industry. He said the challenge of any government is how to change the mindset of the people.
For the enforcement department to protect the lands of the tribals, the allocation is T.5,97,88,160/- tyngka. The amount of T.234,63,91,440/- was increased.
He said that under the PM-Kisan, financial assistance of up to T 6,000/- per annum in three installments every four months has been provided to the bank accounts of farmers' households across the country through the Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT).
It was held from November 29 to March 12, 2022.
Shillong, July 14: Meghalaya Police together with Magistrates today raided the Meghalaya Studio at Rynjah.
Many said that this aim is to hold on to power, to reduce the number of leaders and to weaken the ethnic or national parties so that they will no longer have the power to advocate in the Houses, especially to defeat the people. the voice of the minority.
To improve what the government has done, the President of MPLU has also suggested 40 issues to assist the government in the fight against COVID-19 in the state. other.
NCeG 2019 is a platform for members, comprising senior government officials from across the country, industry representatives and research scientists, to share safe practices, the promotion of technology and their use to achieve good governance and service delivery to the people.
He owns a farm in Ratachera. He went to Ratachera to clean up the farm, but without thinking, this tragedy happened.
In order to remember the contribution of those three stars, the words of peace were announced as follows: Bah Tanbor Swer, you are a poet of traditional and contemporary Khasi lyrics and music.
Prof. Lakhon Kma Independent received 18582 votes while Peter Shallam Independent received 7024 votes.
“He was arrested for demanding that the Minister of Home Affairs and Finance should resign over the smuggling of gold,” said Nepali Congress MP Arjun Nar Singh KC. “They have stopped the investigation and now they have resumed it,” he said.
Meanwhile, the Executive Engineer of Mawsynram PWD Division told SP News Agency that the bearings have arrived and now they can start the work as it is a very important bridge. on this road to Balat.
Kong Bethel Warjri, one of the members of the SHG, expressed her gratitude to the government for the assistance she has received as a member of the SHG. group their lives changed for the better.
The KSU said that according to the information that there are about 140 lakh Hindus in Bangladesh, it would be terrible if this Bill is amended because it is the key to open the door to these Bangladeshis. They will invade without restriction in the North East including the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
Allantry Franklin Dkhar is one of the leading leaders of the UDP which is part of the NPP-led MDA government in the presence of other parties. such as the HSPDP, PDF and independent MLAs.
“We are working to transform India into 'Viksit Bharat' by 2047,” she said.
Tobacco factories are trying to attract young people to the tobacco industry because they want to get new employees without thinking about the welfare of the people.
), young Manly Nongpluh (Finance Secretary), young Raymond Kharjana (Executive Member), young Eric Nongkynrih (EM), young Ian Gilmore Nonghuloo (EM), young Forwardman Nongrem (EM), young Truelywell Lyngdoh (EM), young Ferdynald Kharkamni (EM), Vincent Makri (EM), Ohibait Dkhar (EM), Streamly S Niangti (EM), John F. Nongsiang (EM), Shemphang Marbaniang (EM), Damil Bynnud (EM) and Young Ennocent Khongstia (EM).
Referring to the women from Meghalaya who were born in Assam whose names have not been included in the NRC, the Chief Minister said that he has already spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam on this issue. and this is not only for the women of this state but for the whole of India.
The Chief Minister said that such issues can be resolved through consensus. It is true that regarding the railway line to Byrnihat, there is a feeling on the part of the KHADC and on the part of the Byrnihat. the provincial government will continue to engage with all parties.
It is learned that during the meeting they discussed the issue of electricity and the presidents asked what happened inside the electricity department and on his part he explained and they They agreed to wait for the report from the investigation team as well as the Social Welfare Department. After receiving the report, they will discuss how to proceed.
DC West Jaintia Hills and received a letter of condolence from Dr DD Lapang and DrRC Laloo, Chief Secretary.
When asked, Bah Hek said, “We cannot do anything about that if the District Council recognizes only the Dorbar Shnongs (not the Welfare Society).
During the meeting, he said that if the central government gives its support, it will also contribute to the improvement of the land of the people within the Cantonment.
The Government believes that by implementing this Act, it will be able to cover up its inability to curb the infiltration of foreign authorities into the state.
When you have everything, why should they bother you,” said Kong Patricia.
The agreement was signed by the Commissioner and Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Bah DP Wahlang while the KPC Group was signed by Dr KP Chaudhuri in the presence of the Chief Minister. Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Secretary WMS Pariat and others.
Shillong, July 22: 234 youths who have been specially trained in the Army today completed a 44 month training and have now been inducted into the Army, this was held at 58 GTC Shillong. .
This T 1.59 lakh crore to be provided to the States as back to back loan will avoid the repayment of more than T.1 lakh crore estimated to be released to the States and UTs with legislative assemblies. u fiscal year.
The exhibition of these photographs by the DIPR today is an opportunity for the public to see how the Prime Minister of India came to Shillong on 21st July 1972 to announce that The entire state of Meghalaya belongs to the Khasi and Garo.
Shillong, Nailur 30: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew Constituency who is also the Minister of State in charge of Agriculture and Sports, on Tuesday said that the The number of literate people has increased rapidly in the area.
On the other hand, Bah HG Lyngdoh, SP Mawkyrwat Police Station, said that the eyes are essential in human life, because without the vision of the eyes, human beings find it difficult to do their jobs.
When the police have placed a written statement, they should hold on to it.
The campus will also house a plant nursery and an Ayurvedic medicine manufacturing plant, and quality control.
The Government of Assam and the Government of India have completed 95% of the parts of this social agreement and Bodoland is now known as a peaceful region and is on the path of development.
This is the case in big games.
What cannot be avoided is that India's purchase of petroleum products from several countries has increased its demand by 98-100 million barrels/day, which has increased the the price of oil.
He explained that the appointment of these officers is according to Section 10 (2) of the Lokayukta Act, 2014 which states, “There shall be a Director of Inquiry and a Director of Prosecution whose rank shall not be lower than the post of Additional Secretary to the State Government or equivalent, who shall be appointed by the Chairperson by selection from a list sent by the State Government.
Jrop said his intention to join the BJP is on the grounds that the party under the leadership of Narendra Modi has worked well in all the states.
NT Sherpa, IRS will be the Chairman of the Expenditure of the Candidates for the MP Election from 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency. .2590056.
Shillong, Lber 31: U Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District, today announced in the House that T.10 lakh has been allocated for the MDCs to assist the people during this time of crisis. eh who is infected with COVID-1
Shillong, March 20: Tandy Nosa Ch Marak, 16, has gone missing from her village in Rengsangre, West Garo Hills District on Monday.
“In his speech Chief Executive Member, Pyniaid Sing Syiem thanked everyone for their contributions in making the Festival a huge success.
Shillong, Nailur 04: Former Chief Executive Member of JHADC and MDC of Mawkaiaw Constituency, Bah Qually Suiam, passed away suddenly at his residence in Jowai today.
The Director said that if he has done anything wrong, he should ask for an explanation or an inquiry should be sent accordingly. The CBI team will also accept the investigation.
It is said that the Hima Mawphlang is composed of 12 kurs and out of these there are three kurs who can elect the Lyngdoh, they are the Lyngdoh Mawphlang, the Blah, the Kharshiing and the Lyngdoh. The Kharhunai and the Kharsohlia clans are the clans which have the right to elect the Lyngdoh.
“For me personally, I will not register my name in Aadhaar,” he said.
The West Garo Hills District Police Chief said that the body of the child fell on the 6th of this month from the forest at Danagre in Tura.
He added that education is very important and at this time without education it is difficult to progress in life.
The total number of deaths from the disease has risen to 1443 in the state and the highest number of deaths among the districts in the state is in East Khasi Hills District with 983 deaths, West Jaintia Hills with 983 deaths. The death toll was
It is to be understood that the market is not only in Pynursla, Kwai, Tynpew go outside the state, especially Sla tyrpad and Synsar go outside the state. It is misleading to the people, as the leaders have done their duty to speak out on the issues of the people.
In his speech to the 500 members of the NCC, the Chief Minister said that the youth of the NCC are the youth of the country because they have dedicated and sacrificed themselves for the sake of unity and peace. the unity of the country.
“Since yesterday (November 20, 2023) during the school holidays since we came home, we have been telephoning from home.
Speaking on the recent approval by the Cabinet of Ministers of the UNNATI scheme for the development of industries in the North East, Myntri Rangbah Duh pointed out the working methods of the Government in which this scheme is which was announced within a day and the action items were announced.
Shillong, Naitung 11: Leaders of the Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC) led by Nikman N Marak, Deputy CEm of GHADC, today met with the President of the HSPDP party in Tura to discuss the issue. Their demand for Garoland and the HSPDP for Khasi-Jaintia State.
Now the whole country is with them.
“Our struggle is to demand the government to implement the ILP and not to demand the Prime Minister to step down,” said the Vice President of the KSU. Against the illegal entry of mynder and foreigners, our fellow citizens should understand that the citizenship of the citizens will soon disappear if we just struggle, but suffer and come forward to stand on one side. We want the ILP to come into force immediately in the state.
There are currently 22 branches of training at the university. The training is currently being conducted at the former campus of NEHU in Nongthymmai.
Referring to Narendra Modi, the VHP leader did not say anything, saying that the problem is not with Modi but the problem is the entry of these foreigners into India. .
Forwardman Nongrem, President, KSU South West Khasi Hills District, said.
However, the KSU suggests that the government should be the ksiang to reconcile all the groups to avoid chaos.
The incident happened at about 9 pm. The residents informed the fire trucks but only the Fir Brigade and the Water Resources office did not arrive on time. fine.
“Therefore, I wrote a letter a few days ago to the Director (Boro) and a copy was sent to you via email but no reply has been received,” said Bernard.
Prime Minister Duh met and discussed with ISRO scientists who participated in the Chandrayaan-3 mission who briefed him on the findings and progress of the Chandrayaan-3 mission.
Those who need ICU without ventilator will cost T.14000/-, ICC but those who do not need Basic ventilator will cost T.18000/-, and those who need ICU and ventilator The price is T.20,000/-.
We have a chance.
Kitdor said that the backwardness of the villages in Mawhati area is due to the distance between the C&RD block and the C&RD block which should look after Mawhati is located in Umsning and Bhoirymbong in Ribhoi District. which causes problems from the distance of the road which costs time and money.
The GNRC, also known as the Guwahati Neurological Research Centre, was first established by Dr. Nomal Chandra Borah in
Since 1970, Meghalaya has had 13 Governors. Treveni Sahai Mishara has been the Governor of Meghalaya from 29th October 1984 to on 15th June 1984 while the longest serving Governor of the state is MM Jacob who held the post from 15th July 1995 to June
Members of the union under the leadership of President Bah Sonstar Nongkhlaw urged the university to immediately dismiss the foreigner and to hire Khasi in all contractual positions.
The I&B Department will continue with the initiative to encourage private media groups and the International Yoga Day Media Society (AYDMS).
Regarding the tax on forest products from the KHADC land, the EC has decided to increase it by 100%.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Food Corporation of India (FCI) today said that fortified rice has been distributed to three states, Meghalaya, Tripura and Mizoram.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said the decision was taken to bring price harmony with other states especially with neighboring Assam.
In his view, the people of this state are skilled and competent and no different from others. They are all part of India.
The name of the party is not Khasi-Pnar or the Nongialeh Hill State.
In another incident, Nongmynsong Police on receiving a tip that a local taxi number ML05-E-6607 had carried four batteries from Last Stop Laban. A complaint was registered at Laban Police Station.
The NPP, which is leading the MDA government, has not forgotten to propose to its president to appoint him as Chairman in any part of the government. the party that leads the government.
The treaties and promises under the Constitution of India have been in force for many years.
Shillong, Nailar 27: India has announced to send a delegation of 10 people to Italy to take part in the consecration of Mother Teresa.
The State Executive Committee (SEC) of the MDP on Friday said that the party is still alive and will grow stronger in the coming days.
Referring to the burning of two vehicles, the Minister said that such things should not happen, these vehicles belong to whom if they belong to the government, the government belongs to whom if they belong to the people. The government has to buy new vehicles, from whose money the government will buy is the public money.
As an MLA, he has not committed any crime on the border and they feel that he should not come to apologize. anyone spirit.
On the other hand, Dr Lapang rejected the request of the party workers by explaining to the Congress supporters in Meghalaya that there is no healthy body.
When attempting to contact the NHIDCL officials in Shillong regarding the incident, they did not respond.
The union sends a clear message that if the bank once again does not take into account these issues which we as the union have already demanded from time to time, then we will give time or we will KSU Nangbah Unit Publicity Secretary Susngi said that the KSU Nangbah Unit has been waiting for another month to implement the demands.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: A fire broke out in a house in Lyngiong village, Phanniewlah Neng area today.
Shillong, Nailur 20: Due to the mismanagement of the water supply department in Choppot village in South Garo Hills District, the residents of Choppot village in South Garo Hills District have been unable to install water pipes. PHE paint using car tire tubes.
If these three provisions are included, the meaning of the ILP from Article 2 to Article 7 of the ILP has been included in the MRSS Act. 7 of the Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 and this regulation provides for the prohibition of indigenous peoples from purchasing land.
He said that in the last 40 years, the Government, for the benefit of the farmers, along with the increase in the allocation of funds for them, has also taken steps to bring about various schemes to empower the farmers of the country.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the climb to the Mount of Olives has been restricted and only those who have been specially invited have been allowed to climb the mountain. according to the rules laid down by the government to prevent the spread of this disease.
The Border Road Organization (BROO) is the group that builds roads on the border with Bangladesh, Myanmar and China. .
The project will improve health care facilities in the state.
Others who were present were Chairman of Baghmara Municipal Board, Surosh R. Marak, Deputy Commissioner of South Garo Hills, Shella N. Marak.
The RDA will also urge the CM to set up a Special Force to fight against drug trafficking in the border areas.
This was decided and approved at the Board Meeting of the National Kickboxing Federation of India (NKFI) held recently on 11-12 November 2014 at Aravali Golf Club, Faridabad, Haryana.
In fact, the curfew in this district cannot be said by the Seng as it is the District Unit which can say whether it will be suspended or continue.
Regarding the robbery of the CEM's office and other rooms, Bah Maengar denied that the party has any involvement in the incident. The KHADC is looking for a CEM and when he is not there, they kill him outside.
The Yoga event was sponsored by Yes Bank, Seva Bharati, Matri Sngaha, Rynjah.
Latest reports said that Bah Khongsit has surrendered to the police in the presence of the Muktiar. the POSCO Act.
According to my knowledge, my understanding, from my experience of those who contested the elections in 2018, the ticket is always in the judgment, the person who is close to the people is the right person. I am a member of the BJP and I support the party and I hope the party will do good.
If advice is needed from the leaders, we are ready to contribute on how to resolve these issues.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, in the presence of Gram Sevaks and other officers of the C&RD Block.
The SICPAC is a multi-use building with a hall with a capacity of 1739 seats, small halls with a capacity of 302 seats, rooms with a capacity of The seating area and the stadium can accommodate up to 15,000 people for meetings.
Pius Marwein has been elected as the new MLA of Ranikor Constituency and is currently the Chairman of the Meghalaya Khadi and Village Industries. The Board has summoned these officials of Jio Company at its Additional Secretariat, Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The FKJCP Mawsynram Circle in collaboration with the Sirdar of Mawdon Sirdarship will hold a public meeting at Mawsynram Market on the 31st of this month.
The test must be done within 72 hours before departure for India.
The Central Government departments involved in this work to bring about unity in the North East including the construction of roads to the remote areas which will help to open up opportunities for the remaining ethnic groups in small and hard-to-reach communities.
The swearing-in ceremony was held at the Conference Hall of KHADC. Hundreds of supporters of these newly elected MDCs came to witness the memorable day. who was elected took the oath of office as a full time MDC.
The Prime Minister said that after listening to the views of the Members of the House regarding the problems faced by the people, the Prime Minister said that it is appropriate what has been expressed by both the parties. On the part of the military and on the part of the members of the House that the people are facing problems.
According to the rules of the BSF, only the driver is allowed to enter the vehicle and before entering the vehicle, the BSF checks the entry and exit of the people. and when he came, he looked.
No smoking to children and children No smoking tobacco within 100 meters of schools.
The Chief Minister said that there are those who have talked about the workers from other parts of the state who have stayed in the state. It is clear that the government has to take care of them as it has done in other states.
Jowai, March 03: In the state, it is often seen that the MLAs and MDCs do not own the share of the people in terms of schemes, by admitting that they are the ones who gave them.
Prime Minister Duh has visited the North East more than 60 times, more than any previous Prime Minister of India before him.
For our part, we will write to the government to urge it to answer how far the demand for ILP and the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution has reached.
Yadav from Bihar, who boarded the train without a ticket, was arrested and his mobile phone was searched.
He said that the cow market in Khanapara is supposed to be held once a day but it is surprising that the market has become every day and the cow sellers in the market although they don't speak clearly, they have He said that they cannot sell cows to those in the village markets, which means in Meghalaya.
and without politicizing anyone at such a time.
After holding a protest today, the union urged the people not to leave the country from 7 pm to 5 pm. build this road.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said the government has increased expenditure on the development of the region by 4 percent.
Such people are found all over the country and have many plans for what they can do for themselves and their families.
The HYC Nongmensong unit has donated rice, sugar, dai, oil, sanitizer and blankets as well as a small amount of money.
“Don't be sad and discouraged because the HYC will be with you in this struggle,” said the President of the HYC.
Now, after the signing of the MoU, we will ensure that we will monitor their performance when they are established in secondary schools,” he added.
All the people are invited to join hands in this struggle to make this food distribution a success.
Speaking to SP News, the residents urged the SMB to order all the drivers of garbage trucks especially those carrying jhep to slow down and at the same time that it does not fall to the street during the process.
That shows that these things of nature throughout the universe, the whole universe, the lisan and the meiramew are one and the same namblei or God; They didn't speak, they didn't pray, they said, "God, God, God.
Farmers were urged to grow more crops to increase their income.
He said that they have met with the opposition leaders who opposed the ILP in the past where they demanded but now they will support the ILP demand of the state government.
What the residents want to know now is whether the search for oil in the area has been completed or whether it is still in the middle of the road. The owner is not going to ask the government this question.
He said the Northeast is part of India and it is the people of this region who were affected by the Chinese war who entered Arunachal Pradesh and Bangladesh.
During the two-day workshop, they will discuss the songs of nine past composers.
The HNLC has questioned whether Dharambir Bansal has any connection with Robert Sohbar. Can the police explain in this regard? people and property.
The opposition MDCs in KHADC are concerned that the Central Government has set this rule to appoint people who do not yet have leaders in the KHADC. The Congress party has opposed this and has submitted a petition to the Minister in charge of District Councils.
Applications should be sent to the Directorate of Military Welfare with certificates and required documents before the 27th of this month.
Myntri Rangbah Duh promised the people of Meghalaya that he will continue to support them and said that there is a commitment to promote other activities besides tourism and organic farming.
He said that more than 500 drug traffickers have been arrested and police have registered cases and 135 criminal complaints. Every district has committees and these committees include Government teams from Khasi Jaintia and Garo Hills to curb drug trafficking in the state.
Other speakers on the occasion were Mairang MDC Batskhem Ryntathiang, Dr Streamlet Dkhar, Syiem of Bhowal Hima KN Syiem. P King.
Marbiang Khongwir was elected as the President and Nicholas Chyrmang as the General Secretary along with other office bearers.
Total MDC candidates for the two District Councils are 212, of whom 123 are in KHADC, 12 are women, 89 are in JHADC and 12 are in JHADC. two of them were women.
The NEDA group is only interested in the development of the region.
The KSU Mawsynram Unit would like to thank the residents of Mawsynram , the members of the KSU Mawsynram Unit and also others who have taken the initiative to search for the deceased and also to help the driver of this truck to reach the you bag to take care of.
Amanda Pakyntein said: “It is useless to celebrate World Environment Day for one day, it is useless to conduct tree planting programs if we cannot plant knowledge in the people. “It's not worth it and it's not worth it to hold the celebration if we don't really understand how to love the environment and sacred it,” she said. Before the planting of 125 tree seedlings in the surrounding areas of Wahrashi, Syntung which is one of the places An awareness program was also held in the presence of Bah T. Iangjuh (Junior Scientist), Bio-Resources Development Center and Dr. Vicky Manners. (Orchidologist) District Forest Office, Mawkynrew Block who gave a talk on how to cultivate without damaging the soil and how to cultivate not only in small areas but to preserve orchids and other plants. creatures are not alive.
At this meeting, the Chief Minister said that the government will do whatever is necessary to address any problems faced by the state so that the residents will not be neglected and will not lose their livelihood. rights are not theirs.
However, if they get only a labor license, after 180 days they ask for a voting form and become citizens. From the beginning they will become small people and if it happens they will lose their power and the time will come when they will lose it completely.
Shillong, July 07: The loss of ticket of Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh has shocked all the Congress leaders. In fact, the talk is that he should withdraw from Umroi. He should leave 6-Khliehrait, with the promise of giving him a ticket from that constituency where he has won twice.
The meeting was attended by the KSU Central Body, KSU Jaintia Hills District Leaders, BVKJWO President Charles Rymbai, BVKJWO President Charles Rymbai, Assam University, Babu Moses Kharbithai, Professor of Assam University, BVKJWO. Vice President of All Dimasa Students Union, former President of KSU Samla Daniel Khyriem and other leaders.
This persecution will bring suffering to the people.
Shillong, July 30: U Michael Pakyntein together with Bah Rishan Nongsiej today met with the Chief Secretary and Chief Vigilance Commissioner of the Government of Meghalaya to inquire about the issue of and the FIR lodged against the MLA of 18th West Shillong, Bah Paul Lyngdoh for misuse of public funds amounting to not less than 10.20 lakh tyngka in connection with the purchase of various items. There is no difference between Sam and Kane in this constituency.
The KSU condemns and cannot accept at all this violence by the authorities and foreigners against the indigenous people. The KSU proposes that if the KHADC to obtain a trading license may invite members of the association to attend.
People who rely on business don't even need to carry a lot of money in their pockets because it can be found at night or in unsafe places.
Regarding this statement, the party supporters will speak again at the National Executive Committee Meeting to be held in Hyderabad and at that meeting they will submit a report as requested by the two parties. Two MLAs will also receive a reply from the party leadership.
In fact, the block was scheduled to be opened today but for unavoidable reasons, it was postponed to tomorrow.
Besides the storm which has destroyed houses, trees and shrubs, there has also been a heavy cold, but at the time of writing of this news, no information has been received. there is nothing unpleasant happening.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: Meghalaya Police in the presence of Assam Riffle troops have raided the residence of Inovi Avika Assumi, who is known to be the Secretary in charge of the plan. money of the National Socialist Council of Nagaland-Khaplang (NSCN-K).
As a religious man, Don Bosco had a desire to become a missionary. After taking his oath, he chose to study priesthood in Belgium in the province of North Belgium, Amsterdam.
Grace Lanong, State Women General Secretary, Soma Roy, State Women Secretary, Sarlinda Kharbuki, State Women Secretary, Rilaakor Syiemlieh, State Women Treasurer, Lolita Kharpor, Adviser, Smti Danna Hynniewta, Media Coordinato long and other members. Payal Saberwal, Barnali Ghosh, Adalene Hynniewta, Anu Thapa, Anjalee Singh, Paul Das and Madhumita Dutta.
e.7th November – 10th November 2012 witnessed the unity of the youth from all the 28 States of India.
Speeches were also delivered by Pasqualina Lamare, Program Associate of SURE. Shillong, November 10; Father Joseph Cilia SDB passed away today at Nazareth Hospital Shillong, after a long illness.
“This robbers' use of the boundary of the village as a mortuary has brought shame and great shame to the village as a whole, a village that never allows “It doesn't allow illegal activities and any kind of activities that the community doesn't accept,” said Bah Ryngkhlem.
Referring to the ILP, he said that as soon as he takes over as prime minister, he will call for talks with the civil society, MLAs, state residents and non-state residents.
Furthermore, in many respects, the government has not believed in the problems of the state.
Through the 'X', the Prime Minister of India said that the leader has left behind his political career in the state. his death is a loss to the Tamil film industry.
Thus, 19 areas under 19 constituencies in 7 districts of Manipur have been removed from the AFSPA status. in the year
The peace talks have progressed to find ways and means to bring peace, but it appears that the central government has taken this as a challenge. dissolve the union even though they have not received their demand.
It is said that people now get forty kinds of diseases because the meat they eat is clean.
He said that although to foreigners it seems that there are still many trees in this area, but he said that the forests nearby the village have decreased and the sad thing is that that there is no attempt to plant bujli in the place of the trees that have been cut down.
It is true that there is freedom of speech and expression, according to the Constitution of India, but to misuse the freedom of speech is part of the violence and disrespect. The people of West Khasi Hills District are not the people who are still stupid and backward until they are bought money to cause trouble anywhere in Shillong.
Shillong, November 20: Five new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, November 20: Five persons from East Khasi Hills, one from East Garo Hills and one from West Garo Hills have been confirmed positive. there are 94 people.
The Chief Minister said that the presence of insurgency has created a big challenge for the government in implementing development projects in the Garo Hills but the government has been able to restore peace and stability in the Garo Hills. These new districts have not been created and now they still have to fight against the insurgents.
When the village investigated, the two men did not have any documents to prove that they had received a permit but only a ticket to board a bus from Guwahati to Silchar.
He encouraged the youth to ensure that there is a close relationship between those who have graduated from this university.
The Minister was accompanied by B Dutta Director Urban Development Department, Bah S Kharmalki Secretary, CEO of the Municipal Bah BS Sohlya. only that minister.
The campaign was launched by the Governor of Meghalaya, Dr Najma Heptulla.
UDP.Gerald-Pasi.
Besides the Chief Guest, those who were present were Pastor Willin Marngar, Assistant Pastor Kresslang Wanniang, members of the Managing Committee of the school, Bah Kyrshanbok Marngar. Principal, teachers and students and others.
The retention of the name of the former DGP has led to allegations that this is not a good thing when he or she has retired from the website and should have been removed from the website within 12 days, but it has Stay tuned until 25/5/2
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District today ordered the enforcement of 144 CrPCs in the entire West Khasi Hills District.
Purningstar Shabong said that the party has come to complain to the CEM about the fact that the same jait has been given twice to the CEM because it has caused a delay in the census of the Khasi people. They also discussed the issue of the acquisition of jait by a Dkhar woman to have children in the case of a non-Khasi woman who marries a Khasi man.
The visits of government officials during disasters are of no use if the right to visit has to wait for years.
He said that the MLA has explained that there will also be a memorandum of understanding between the village and that the village will benefit and it will also be given to the youth of the village.
HYC Leader Bah Enlang said that if such incidents continue to happen to the office bearers of the HYC, the HYC will not stand idly by. is to urge the police to arrest the perpetrators immediately.
Shillong, November 24: The Meghalaya Government has sent to the Central Government a written decision of the Legislative Assembly to implement the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya.
The union demands that the authorities should bring in an anti narcotic team in South West Khasi Hills district so that the drugs can be eradicated in a timely manner.
Therefore, she calls upon all to cooperate in order to eradicate these kinds of crimes which have started to spread here in the District.
Answering additional questions, the CEM of KHADC said that they will soon convene the Boundary Committee of the District and in this they will discuss how to give advice to the Regional Committee where the EM and MDCs from the District Council. you are not on the Committee.
On the other hand, he said that the past is the past and we cannot talk about it anymore but we need to think again to get a suitable place to bring back the cleanliness of Iaw Musiang once again. in collaboration with the village headmen, the people and the leaders of Jaintia Hills.
Therefore, the Central Government has introduced the National Civil Aviation Policy (NCAP), which has paved the way for the development of the aviation sector across the country.
Regarding these land, the government has already completed all the requirements for the acquisition of the land but why the government has not been able to acquire it until today.
“We need the ILP, at the same time he said that we should not be discouraged, when it comes to jobs he said that we should not allow others to be allowed to do so. knieh is the work of the jam or the rule of law.
Also present on the occasion was Ian Campbell from Australia, MSOA President John F. Kharshiing and others.
He said that he doesn't care about bullets, sticks and prison.
The party said that it is true that there are differences of opinion, there are shortcomings, there are problems and shortcomings on the part of the government.
The union urged the DMHO office to clarify on this issue and to resolve the issues to suspend the personal interview until the matter can be resolved.
Speaking to reporters, Bah PN Syiem CEM of KHADC said that the decision to bring the findings of the inquiry team to the House was taken at the PDF meeting today.
Among those who tested positive for COVID-19 today, one doctor from Ganesh Das Hospital Shillong, four health workers from East Khasi Hills including a staff nurse from Woodland Hospital.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Chief Engineer of the Public Works Department (PWD) on Tuesday said that although the department has called tender twice for the construction of the bridge, no one has been qualified to implement it.
Jowai, Naitung, 01: The AJYWO Central Body has not been involved in the investigation into the trade and activities of Non-Tribals within the boundary of JHADC. According to the rules of law, the union, after seeking information through RTI on the Trading License, this month, the union, has sought more information on the Employee's Service License of Non-Tribals in Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Mawlai Town Dorbar today decided not to take part in the Pecae Committee unless the government dismisses the police involved in the shooting. Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
Furthermore, the NFR's visit to the Governor of the State shows that it does not take into account the decision of the State Government.
"However, the Government and the relevant department will look for new companies or the same old companies as the cost of labor does not match the advent of new technologies for the pump. Storage and other structures can be used and also the water supply can be released from one project and used back to the upper part of the river for another project as in Upper Khri. Stage I and Stage-II.” “These projects also need to be amended and therefore the Government and the relevant department will consider this and we hope that soon we will be able to call for an Expression of Interest ( EoI) to implement these projects in a new form,” he said.
The new school was built with funding from the Asian Development Bank.
The Government will now draft these proposals so that they do not conflict with the laws made by the Central Government or which conflict with the Constitution of the country without affecting the rights of this person. .
Each of them will also receive a prototype grant of T.1 lakh, and the 25 best performers will receive an additional T.4 lakh before the end of the pre-incubation programme.
Shillong, November 12: The Meghalaya Tennis Association (MTA) President Andrew Simon today announced that the 6th Meghalaya Tournament will be held in Meghalaya. The State Tennis Tournament 2018 will be held for four days in Shillong.
Shillong, November 06: The Education Department of the State Government has released the names of 163 students who have applied for the post of Assistant Teacher in Lower Primary Schools.
Political parties, women's and men's organizations, youth, students, villagers and all the children of Hynniewtrep are requested to attend the meeting to express their views on the same.
The meeting was urgently called by the Governor to convene a special session on Monday 7/02/2022. At this meeting, the UDA also discussed other issues as a group.
The Prime Minister in April visited the area and inspected the destruction of the school building. On that day he announced that he would donate from his salary to repair the school building.
This month there was also a fundraising from fellow employees and the money will be sent to the National Foundation for the mothers and children of those who died during the war. .
All these competitions will be held on Saturday and Sunday and will end on the 30th of May.
The Minister of State for Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal, said that this is an agreement to look after the need for electricity and this social agreement is to find ways and means how to generate electricity in this area. The state has also been involved in the band.
Prime Minister Duh Modi thanked the Prime Minister of Australia for his services.
The meeting discussed the increase in the number of MDCs in GHADC from 30 to 42, 36 MDCs elected by the people, 6 MDCs appointed, 30 MDCs in KHADC from 30 to Out of these 36 constituencies will be elected by the people and 4 constituencies will be shut. In JHADC, 31 constituencies will be increased from 30 to 32 constituencies. person.
The HYC has urged the Lokayukta to immediately order to return all the orders of tin sop supplied by Hariana Iron Works Pvt Ltd to different C&RD Block of the state and to immediately stop the distribution. to the tin sop house.
The following are listed as attempts to develop in what is still to be dealt with with full authority over the word:: it means to take care to heal from the sick; it means once again.
The State Government should issue a notice that the roster will be implemented prospectively.
Applications can be sent to the Chairman and Secretary of the Central Election Committee, Bah James Nongneng and Bah Frewelson Marpna.
Rgh Skor Jala, Chairman of the Tymmen U San Committee, together with Rgh Donbokstar Kurkalang concluded the thanksgiving and prayer in the presence of the President of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh Don. Kupar Dkhar, and Chairman of the Committee of the Khasi Women's Association, Rgh Dipshon L. Nongbri.
The UDP has already announced in the past few months that the Nongkrem MDC Constituency will go to Bah Shylla and the party has already taken this decision. Shillong, Nailur 18: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today encouraged the farmers in the state to plant Sohmrit khlaw. another kind of plant to provide income to the farmers.
The market covers an area of ​​23.0 acres.
Even if it is opened, the government has to find ways and means how to do it in collaboration between the KHADC and the Syiem. This market is the original market and the government wants to preserve this market as a The same is true of KHADC because this is the traditional market.
Shillong, Nailar 03: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that about 15 pigs have died of malaria in Lamin village in West Jaintia Hills District. Amlarem Civil Sub Division.
When the BSF came from the border patrol, they saw that the child was in a shop and one of the BSF personnel threw the child at the border. snore
The transportation and vehicle fees for the delivery of these items under these schemes will be paid by the Government to the Wholesalers or Dealers as usual from time to time.
For example, there has been a threat of beating and also the opposition/pressure to withdraw the RTI from the Rangbah Shnong in the past months.
“I as the CEM can give orders only in words, but it is the duty of the officers to conduct the work according to the rules. I wonder who submitted the report to the Governor while the House was investigating”.
He said that the programs related to the G-20 will not be limited to Delhi or a few places but will be held across the country.
Shillong, March 09: The special month for the protection of women in Ri Bhoi District known as “Beti Bachao Beti Padhao” was inaugurated by the Minister of Water Resources, Dr C Lyngdoh at Nongpoh today.
Shillong, June 25: A total of 208 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 161 in East Jaintia Hills and 4 in East Garo Hills. There are 13 cases in Bhoi, 9 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 4 cases in West Garo Hills and 3 cases in South West Khasi Hills.
The Department of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship (MSDE) has launched an online apprenticeship program to reduce the delay in returning stipends to jobs.
The drawing competition was organized by the government as part of the state level awareness program among school children to commemorate the 117th anniversary of Jumai Bah in Khasi Hills which took place on 12th July
Suchiang has been appointed Additional Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of Cabinet Affairs, Home Affairs and Finance. state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Techno India Group will spend up to Rs 1000 crore for the construction of the Techno Global University in Meghalaya.
According to the initial inspection, the construction of this road will be from Mawphlang to Mawsynram and will reach Ranikor. This purpose was moved to Mawkyrwat.
“In the coming days, if any tragedy happens, who will be responsible?
The Government should not recognize the minorities in India as indigenous peoples as declared by the United Nations.
The President of the party, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, said that it is true that today they met as MLAs of the party, but he said that this meeting was to discuss issues such as the leaders.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: A complaint has been registered against the members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) by Suo Motu for destroying the wooden houses at Lum Survey. .
The purpose of the meeting was to clarify to the public what the government wants to do by force on the NST.
It is for this reason that information should be collected through electronic devices and the movement of drivers should be monitored.
Shillong, Lber 26: The National People's Party (NPP) is confident of winning the election and has admitted that it has the support of 21 MDCs in the 29-member Assembly. Puja Prasad, 23, wife of Ravi Shankar Prasad, has allegedly committed suicide at her grandmother's house in Pynthorumkrah is the reason for the demand for dowry.
The inspection also reaffirmed the overall good condition of the bridge and its safe utilization by the public.
The President of JSU War Jaintia Circle, Eddy Kery Pohtam, on Tuesday said that the Land Custom Dawki has been opened for 10 months. Now, it is difficult for the market which is held only 2 times a day to open and most of those who go to the market are from the area.
Shillong, July 15: Hundreds of vehicles coming from Silchar and Bhutan have collapsed on the NH-6 at Umkiang in East Jaintia Hills due to heavy rainfall today. Let's go to this area.
When asked whether there has been any tragic incident, he said that until they reported on the incident, they have not received any information. from the houses of men and this blaze of fire is also temporary.
This was announced in a statement issued by the President of the Joint Action Committee, Mr. Loveyou Bareh and the Secretary, Mr. Deolangki Dkhar.
The KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit led by Samla Deiniwan Lyngdoh and General Secretary Samla Shwari Ryngkhlem GS together with the Assistant Secretary of KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit Samla Pynshai Kupar Dkhar have submitted a complaint to the KSU. In a statement sent by the Publicity Secretary of the KSU Wapung Unit, Samla Shibaitlang, the KSU Wapung Unit said that the KSU Wapung Unit has not found that the existence of Abhi Coke Private Limited has brought any benefit to the people. and he gave it to the people.
There are some State Governments and political leaders who talk nonsense while hiding their actions which are against the welfare of the people.
Upon hearing these complaints, the union immediately went to meet with the Associate Professor at her office. In this meeting, the teacher denied these allegations but When the members of the union asked how many Khasi students have dropped out part-time from this university and many of them are from its department.
According to the task of the central government, it will set up gates every 500 meters to allow the farmers to enter and leave but this is only in thought and not true.
These account for 90% of COVID cases (as of October 31) and 90.5% of deaths (as of October 31) in the past 14 days and have exceeded or exceeded closer to the number of cases as found last year.
According to the decision, the death of this person in jail should be investigated.
“I announce myself to contest as an Independent Candidate from this constituency for the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Once the information submitted by the farmers has been checked and verified by the states, this information is uploaded to the PM KISAN platform and this is sent to the PFMS for verification of financial information; to UIDAI to verify Aadhar; to the income tax server to check the tax payments.
Dr Chatterjeee said that to do this, the government should not only focus on urban areas but also build houses like the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana. partly to achieve this objective.
Even the Mukroh bapli, if they don't go to work, to cultivate, to plant, to plant, to thresh within the boundary of the village, where will they go? Such incidents happen not only in Mukroh but in other places like Khanduli Lapangap.
To get back the cow, there were rituals and after this the family of the cow was evicted.
"St. Francis Xavier Parish Nongkhlaw, Nativity Parish, Mawkywat, Nongstoin Diocese, parents and family members of Dn.
On receiving a tip, BSF troops from Sonapur of East Jaintia Hills District have seized a truck and found that there were muid smuggled to Bangladesh. 24 muid, the driver and followers of the truck fled the scene.
The Association will take a tough stance if these factories do not accept the demands of the Association.
Due to the force of the bomb, the roof and doors of the police residence were destroyed.
Answering questions, Hek said the government has received many requests from government ministers, MLAs, MDCs and also from different villages to upgrade PHCs to CHCs. The scheme to strengthen government health facilities has four phases and the release of T.75 is the first phase and the second, third and fourth phases will come as this comes from by the World Bank.
Speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan Shillong, he said that the BJP leaders have decided to win 400 seats. tip dza ba kin jot big you ask questions.
If we accept this road now in this form and with this purpose, it makes no sense for us to oppose uranium mining later.
The NEP, 2020 will focus on the students from the time they are children, at the same time it will also look at the skills that the children have, so that they can lead the way. If you don't want to move forward in education, India will become a strong country.
The Pulse Eco-Resort was inaugurated by Bah PS Dkhar DC West Jaintia Hills District in the presence of MS Lahuid, Finance Secretary JTES, Phira Lyngdoh Tourism Officer Jaintia Hills District and others. Tei u DC as the chief guest praised the beauty and the quality of the food and wished u ma Tei that it will go smoothly and successfully. the first in the Jaintia Hills who led others to establish such an environmentally friendly and profitable activity.
The deceased was identified as Bah Ohimonmi Nongtdu, 27 years old.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: U Minister in charge of Revenue and Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla today morning visited Nongpriang village where four people have died. you are thrown to the ground.
The CSWO strongly condemns these criminals and said that bail should not be granted to these people who committed this crime. accused of being involved in this crime.
He said the government has introduced many changes in terms of laws and regulations in the cooperative sector and has promoted income related activities in a multi-pronged manner.
The Chief Minister said that the army, employees of health centres, pharmacies, including those working within the health department, those working within MeECL have been exempted from the ban. , Water Supply Department, Road Construction Department, Police, Army, Fire Department, Food and Beverage Department, Telecom, Telegraph, IT Services, Banks and ATMs. vehicles carrying troops, vehicles carrying food and beverages, vehicles carrying medicines, vehicles carrying goods were allowed to pass, but The drivers and passengers of the vehicles have to check their health according to the rules.
WT Rymbai, President of FKJGP-Khliehriat Circle.
On the other hand, the Government will continue to strengthen the working methods of the police department for the development of theft as well, as criminals become brave when there are no people to look after them. The law and what is needed now is to instill in the people the feeling that the law exists and this will make the people respect the law and this will bring about the betterment of the society.
Replying to a question on the UDP's claim as it has appeared in the media that it is part of the UDP to get the post of Speaker, he said that the post of Speaker is not the decision of the UDP alone, but It depends on the consensus within the MDA. This issue will not be discussed within the MDA government to elect a person to be Speaker, it depends on the consensus within the MDA government to accept that it is. It is not the case of one party but it has to be discussed within the MDA to agree.
On the other hand, Bah Witting Mawsor said that the health center in Mawieit which has not received light for four months has increased. Eden Bari in Tura where the poor households have only three bulb lights, the light bill has reached T.16000, the Minister said he would look into this.
There are 113 cases of COVID-19 in West Khasi Hills, 55 cases in West Khasi Hills and 37 cases in East Khasi Hills. .
Shillong, July 19: The Meghalaya calendar for this year will be released for sale from the 20th of this month. from 1 pm to 2 pm every day until these calendars are exhausted.
The Minister said it is not yet appropriate for him to give any answer as this matter is still in the hands of the Central Government.
The names and constituencies of the candidates are Phlastingwell Pangniang, incumbent MLA from Rambrai-Jyrngam constituency and Witting Mawsor, incumbent MLA from Mawshynrut constituency.
To be afraid of children, not everyone can do, on the part of the state government through various activities that it has put in place has to see whether those who want to be afraid of children can survive or not. them to be strengthened.
“Of course, the installation of speed breakers in some of the necessary parts of the NH-6 has been a great blessing to the pedestrians.
Referring to the MRSS Act, he said that during his tenure as MLA he was a member of the Committee before it was passed. Dr Mukul Sangma said that there is no need to talk about the ILP, it is clear that his party does not accept the ILP. If there is a law, if there is a law to implement the ILP, it will be strong.
At the same time, it was informed that the HNLC has renewed its office bearers where Bah Boby Marwein has taken over the post of Chairman and C-In-C, Bah You are the Vice Chairman.
The union is deeply concerned about the students because the union does not want any students to drop out of school just because they are facing difficulties during the curfew.
Out of this, T.25,67,266/- tyngka, for the travel expenses of these four persons in the state, T.10,16,068/- tyngka, the expenditure for the office is T.10,16,068/- tyngka. T.55,000/-, office fees and taxes T.3,45,645/-, other expenses T.69,129/-.
Up to 16 sports clubs including Niaw Wasa United Sports and Cultural Club from Meghalaya will take part in the tournament.
It can also be reached from Guwahati but the distance is up to 400 kilometers.
She said that in the first phase she borrowed up to T 10,000 in the first phase and in the second phase she received T 20,0
While the BSF troops tried to stop the vehicle, the driver of the vehicle drove onto the road to Umkiang village.
NEEPCO has offered only T.25000 per household to those who have to flee their homes and a monthly payment of T.2000 per month for 20 years and no one will be employed. the house affected by this dam construction.
All the information is collected and stored in a database and the state can understand how many people will come.
Shillong, Nailar 20: U President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday expressed his disappointment to see that some Congress leaders have reached the point of talking.
However, the police have not yet taken any action on the complaint of the Longkmie.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The efforts to bring about development works are the responsibility of every leader and recently the MLA of Mairang constituency, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh visited the to be of benefit to many especially to the youth who are looking for jobs.
The train from Gurgaon to the North East will also carry people from the North East.
The CEM said it is up to the elected leaders to decide what to do. Chales Marngar MDC Mawhati said, “What will we do for the However, we also have to ask what we can do for the Council to strengthen the laws and rules that have been empowered by the Sixth Schedule.
After this, they handed him over to the police.
The NDA government has passed the bill by force without consultation with the people working in this field especially the farmers' organizations and without respecting the federal structure of the country.
The Minister said this decision is evident from the fact that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has visited the North East about 60 times since 2014, while his Cabinet has visited the North East more than once. 450 times.
I love Uranium and I don't love the people of Mawthabah.
The state government has informed the high court to take other measures to reduce traffic jam, including the construction of new roads, parking lots, one way roads and other measures”.
The union has also conveyed the issue to the DC who is the chairman of the Vidyala Management Committee (VMC) to take action on this issue.
In this meeting, it was said that the Area Commander has threatened to punish them if they do not pay the money. He said that the rebel group has accused them of not having a Rangbah Shnong in the area. for it fell under the hand of Karbi Aanglong.
The Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Agriculture, GHP Raju IPS, told SP News Agency that applications have been called for the issuance of Transit Pass to cattle traders due to the Assam “Cattle Preservation Bills, .
In this order, the court ordered the cancellation of the order.
Regarding the Integrated Basin Development and Livelihood Promotion Programme, the Minister in the petition urged the Central Government to pay 100% of the funds from the Central Government as this scheme is to improve income. the court of the poor and needy people in this state.
On a tip-off, the East Jaintia Hills Police conducted a search operation at Kongong. When the vehicle arrived, the police stopped it. jigndih drunk.
Dozens of bikes from all over the country who have joined the Peoples Democratic Front (PDF) have joined the race. The Motor Bike Rally was opened by a special prayer by the President of the PDF, Bah Ivanlum Marbaniang and followed by a short speech by the Chairman of the Party, Bah Pynshngaiñ.
Shillong, July 18: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has made it clear to the government that we cannot say "yes" to the two lane road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji to Ranikor.
The Government wants to see that the development works that the Government has done for the people should be completed on time and there should be no delay in the implementation of them. month and DCs will help to improve the work and is a follow-up from the government in implementing development projects.
The meeting was attended by members of the Khasi Students' Union West Khasi Hills, members of the Union of Women's Associations Nongstoin, students of Bansara Institute of Optometry Science Shillong, students and staff of the area. of Bansara Eye Care Center Shillong.
To allow and immediately suspend all meetings and programs and to think about how to deal with the Dorbar Shnong if there is a tragic death in the village at such times especially in these days when this disease The disease has spread to more than five states of India (Maharashtra, Kerala, Delhi, Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, UP, Punjab and Bengal).
There have been 192 recoveries today, the highest number of recoveries from East Khasi Hills 137, Ri Bhoi 23. The total number of recoveries in Meghalaya has risen to 72714 so far. sun.
On the other hand, the students of KNGC accepted what the DC had told them.
Don't say that you will get protection because there are officials or not, it depends on the rules of the District Council, because the power has been misused, there are still many places to fight.
Shillong, July 04: A youth has lost his life after a truck he was following fell into Mawkdok on the road to Sohra. The deceased was identified as Iohborlang. Shylla.
During the inspection, the HYC has arrested 21 youths and 4 youths who were addicted to drugs.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Lyngdkhoi said that there are many errors in the results released by the NOIS in the past months. He said that on behalf of all the teachers who have been trained in the NOIS, to train themselves in the field of teaching according to the wishes of the government is that the NOIS should correct these errors within 40 days. days, otherwise they will hold protests.
Speaking to reporters after the testing of the fish in the presence of the leaders of the KJFWRA, DBS Mukhim said that after the testing of the fish, The Food Safety Office has decided to take samples of some of the fish sold in the market. to be tested again at the Food Safety Laboratory.
The union said that at this time of the year, many of the students are in great distress because their parents do not have the opportunity to go to work to provide and support them because they have to fill them first. and to avoid starvation during this curfew.
The goals that Gandhiji spoke of are still important today.
The question raised by the State Finance Department is whether the State Government has not paid MeECL without any responsibility to MeECL, because it has not paid T .2000/- crore to the REC and PFC, because according to this estimate, if the state government has to take responsibility, it has to spend T.560 crore.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: A driver and two persons inside an auto heading to Garobada were injured when a vehicle collided with another vehicle.
The Committee has decided to examine from all aspects, from the point of view of the law, from the point of view of the customs and traditions of the Khasi people. .
The PCF MP candidate Dr PBM Basaiwmoit was also present at the meeting.
It is to be recalled that the authorities of West Khasi Hills District have demolished the coal mines of the Coke Plants in Shallang by order of the Meghalaya High Court.
(Retd) VK Datta, Senior Consultant, National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), and KS Kropha, Revenue and Disaster Management, and others. Khasi Hills Superintendent of Police, District Medical and Health Officer, Fire Brigade, Shillong Municipal Board, MeECL, District Transport Officer, National Disaster Response Force and others.
It was held in various parishes of the Diocese of Jowai.
Through this initiative, more than 7.5 crore youth and citizens will participate in this running programme.
North Garo Hills Police Chief Jerry Marak said that after receiving a tip that there were about 20 GNLA members in Matrongre village, police conducted a search operation. There was a fighting which lasted for about 30 minutes.
Hills said this is for the information of the public that the Meghalaya High Court has issued an order ban ban the parking of heavy vehicles in the Police Bazar area from 2013 onwards. 7 am to 10.30 pm.
Dr Jitendra Singh said that according to the estimates received from the Youth Affairs Department, 60 percent of the residents are under 35 years of age. A powerful country for years to come.
Speaking to media, KSU Asst Education Secretary Richest Malngiang said that the KSU has sent this letter to the Minister of Education after receiving complaints from many students. on the delay of the Government in releasing the scholarship and some of them have not received the scholarship till date.
Explaining the 38 cases of COVID-19 positive from Rilbong today, Dr War said that these 38 cases were confirmed through the testing of COVID-1 They didn't live in Rilbong.
: About 40 members of other parties on Thursday night joined the Congress party at a meeting held by the Mawryngkneng Block Congress Committee at Mawryngkneng Block Congress Committee.
Shillong, Naitung 18: On the occasion of the death anniversary of Tirot Singh, Shillong, on the 17th July 2019, a meeting was held on the lifestyle, the problems, the culture and the economy of the people. Khasi, Jaintia and Garo and the Ambassador of the United States of America to India.
Bah Marbaniang said that after the Government issued this announcement, the teachers have tried to meet face to face with the Government to clarify and also to demand that the Government should withdraw this announcement. but the Government has not listened to this request.
It is learned that he had gone to collect wood near the transformer of ITD Cementation India Limited in Umiam, but unexpectedly he encountered this tragic incident.
“He said that the woman escaped from the robber's hand by holding his hand and called for help.
Leaders of the National Hynniewtrep People Federation (NHPF) on Friday met with the wife of Bah Roning Nongkynrih, Kong Rilinda Khmah. The state has not provided any assistance and she has been struggling to support her family since the death of her husband, Bah Roning Nongkynrih.
There are 120 recoveries, 91 from East Khasi Hills, 9 from West Jaintia Hills, 8 from Ri Bhoi, 8 from West Garo Hills, 3 from South West Garo Hills and 1 from North Garo Hills. to 11573 people.
In 2014, I was still relatively new to the country.
“However, now that Assam vehicles have been flooded, we cannot earn any more money.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: U Dr. Virendra Kumar, Union Minister in charge of Social Justice and Empowerment, today launched the Composite Regional Center for Training, Assistance and Empowerment through digital channels. CRC-Shillong members.
To address the challenges in the coming years, the Cabinet has decided to transform it into a fully state university.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Applications for the posts of Accountant and Stenographer Grade-III only for retired widows have been sent to the office of the Secretary, State Military Board and Director Military Welfare Meghalaya.
These robbers have thrown stones at the shops in Motphran. This act of these robbers has shocked the people especially at this time when many of the people are shopping for the Christmas celebration. which is coming.
Those who are 18 years of age or older can register to vote.
Under PM SVANidhi, 35 lakh street vendors in the country have received financial assistance.
These are some of the writings written on the cards carried by the students. The public hearing was led by Deep Gurung from Bosco Integrated Child Friendly Shillong.
“As I have said in such discussions, we need to ensure that there is collective momentum from all sides.
HYC Shillong City would like to inform you that if you have any problems in filling up the forms or providing the requirements please inform us. and they are ready to help you.
“The easiest thing for these shops is to increase the price of goods, because until now in our state we have not been able to control or regulate the price of goods,” he said. There are areas in Shillong especially in the market and other places where they have seen that the number of foreigners trading is too high. Section (e) of Section 3B of the Regulation, 1954 clearly states that the Executive Committee shall establish or specify through rules the number of trading licences. However, the RTI reply we have received on this issue shows that the EC of KHADC has not set or specified how many licenses should be issued.
Shillong, June 05: The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has set up the Sohiong Police Out Post by taking over the villages under the Mawngap Police Out Post.
“We have informed the BSF troops near this bridge and when we talked to the BSF troops they told us that there are Bangladeshi mynder who steal and cut down trees in the middle of the forest of Tishang Pungdiengïong,” he said. state.
“He said that KAS will convene the Central Executive Committee and after that the General Meeting to discuss what to do in the future and the cooperation is not only in Meghalaya but to cooperate with other states. groups from other states demanding the recognition of the language in the Khyrnit Baphra.
The literature in the Khasi language has reached its peak and the famous writers of the world have reached the ends of the ocean not only by the state but also by the khaw in the sop that thiar.
He said that the number of cases will continue to increase in the coming months according to experts, so to bring in people who have special skills in the field or others will be a threat to the state. lest these people come and become the carriers of this disease.
The party cannot prohibit the registration of members of any political party, but the party warns against unlawful membership. mist.
He said the testing is in two parts to determine whether the water distributed by the PHE and Municipal departments contains diseases and iron overload.
The Prime Minister said that their demand is very serious and they have requested to discuss this issue with the Central Government. federal government and will see what response the federal government has to say, hope for the best.
The ceremony was concluded with the blessing of the Blessed Sacrament.
This is an insult to the people of the area and therefore the union will not allow such things to happen without and we have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District.
The MDA, which includes the NPP, BJP, UDP, HSPDP, PDF, NCP and Independents, said that the government will hold the elections. to elect the Speaker of the House in the Synrai Session which will start on the 6th of November.
The meeting was conducted by the Deputy Commissioner of South West Garo Hills, Cyril Darlong Diengdoh. the Meghalaya Coaches Association (MKA).
On this occasion, the party has gathered the leaders of the Circles in Shillong to take steps to strengthen the working methods of the party especially in Shillong.
On the other hand, the PAC wants to see that the SSA scheme should be implemented properly and the state government should find ways and means how to implement it properly.
The Government of India through its offices in Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Hungary has left for Ukraine to receive Indian citizens and after evacuating them from Ukraine they will be sent back to their home countries. Ganga Flights organized by the Government of India.
There are 10 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 8 cases in East Garo Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills and 1 case in West Khasi Hills. .
Shillong, Nailar 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today handed over a check of T.94.40 lakh to ALS Satellite Education Pvt Ltd. IAS and IPS examination. This money has been allocated by the government to ALS to assist 100 students who will be trained specially for the IAS and IPS examination. open up opportunities for young people who have the talent but don’t have the opportunity.
Bah Diengdoh also urged the youth to avoid the evils of drugs as this will destroy not only the youth but also the family, the community and the nation as a whole.
The Prime Minister said that the 23rd of July, the day when Chandrayaan 3 will arrive on the moon, will be celebrated as National Space Day.
On the opening day, the people flocked to see the many kinds of flowers and most of those who came to the venue were the mothers who came to the exhibition and bought the flowers.
Speaking at a meeting held at Mawdan Mawpat, the IG of BSF Shillong Frontier, IS Rana said that the exhibition of photographs of the Bangladesh War 1971 is to mark the 50th Anniversary of the Independence of Bangladesh. Bangladesh and at the same time to instill the spirit of patriotism in the youth.
The celebration was enriched by dances and songs by the staff of the Holy Cross Health Center and some of the staff of the Holy Cross Health Center were also honoured.
The Fire Service Medal for Meritorious Service was awarded to Bah Wanlambok Lapang, Leading Fireman, Fire & Emergency Service, Meghalaya.
The Government has taken this decision on the basis of Article 16(4) of the Constitution of India, which states that there shall be no restriction on the State Governments to take a decision to allocate special jobs. to the inhabitants of that state who are still lagging behind to get the chance to serve in the government.
The Elite Pathway Program is also an integral part of the STAR Programme, which was launched by the State Government and implemented by the Edge10 Group, an Australian team together with the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, to recruit and train people. donsap who is in the state.
Samla Barilang Pyngrope, who led the group of youths in an interview with the media, said that the meeting with the Secretary of the Personnel & AR Department was focused on the arrangement and age limit and the announcement. from this department of the government after the issuance of the advertisement on the 6th of this month.
However, neither the national parties nor the riew lum parties have yet released their election promises.
Therefore, the Seng also opposes those foreigners who come to offer equipment in the villages and townships that they should not enter the village without permission from the Village Authorities and also from the Seng Samla Shnong. ask permission first.
Besides the CEM, the meeting was attended by Bah Latiplang Kharkongor EM in charge of Land, Bah Donkupar Sumer EM. The MDCs are Gigur Myrthong, Maxmilan Byrsat, Pius Marwein, Manstudy Nongrem and LG Nongsiej.
She said the Congress party has appointed some party leaders to speak on the nomination of Congress leader Rahul Gandhi as a member of the Lok Sabha.
This land belongs to Prem Nongbsap and was sold to the Seng Khasi Mawlaingut on 20th November
Finally, the Seng would like to thank the people of the area who have supported us from time to time and hope that in the future this PHC will be successful.
As members of the Seng, we should know that the Seng has not yet accepted or changed its position in the struggles for the cause of the Jaitbynriew.
A welcome speech & presentation was delivered by Kong B.Rynjah, Child Development Project Officer Mawkynrew. Syiem, Block Medical Officer Mawkynrew, also gave a short drama performance to the Aganwadi workers. Other speakers on the occasion included Dr. Ranee, District Medical and Child Health Officer, East Khasi Hills, Bah W.Marbaniang, BDO Mawkynrew Block, Miss Grace Gangte, Technical & Specialist of Nutrition and Seijang Haokip, Program Manager, World Vision India.
Nongrem said the party received the permission to build the office on 22nd November 2020 and the permission from the DC of East Khasi Hills District without any complaint was received on 27th July , this statement of the Congress leaders is groundless.
Myntri Rangah said that this demand for money affects the price hike and will affect the people of the state. The government will take all necessary measures to prevent such incidents from happening again as it will affect the benefits. .
The Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa,im Ainam Manik Syiem, the Ministers of the Hima, the chiefs and the leaders of these kurs were present to witness the Iewduh ceremony.
The Government should not force or force that Adhar depends on the freedom of thought of each and every citizen of the area.
The HLC under the chairmanship of the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, has met several times in the past two and a half years to discuss the issue. The report was submitted to the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma.
In another incident, BSF troops today seized 29 cows from Iew Mythy and the value of these cows has reached 5 lakh tyngka. their hard work failed to catch on.
This road has been constructed since the 1950s by the Assam government and this road is very important because it reaches the border with Bangladesh. There is no need to improve this road.
On the day, many passers-by stopped to listen to the songs sung by the singers of Shillong in public places to entertain the tourists and the people of the state.
One of the most shocking incidents happened at Nongkynrih village, West Jaintia Hills District where 11 cows were stolen by robbers on Friday night.
Shillong, Iaiong 14: Police and CRPF personnel from West Khasi Hills District today visited the villages and townships to meet with the people and urged them to vote for the Lok Sabha MP elections. I don't vote.
This is a well thought out decision, and through this, the Assam Rifles has seized a large amount of drugs worth about T.40 crore last year.
Dear fellow citizens, we must not rest in our hard work, nor stop or hesitate to move forward.
The strike by the MTC employees was to ban the sale of bus, rail and helicopter tickets.
Of these, only six AEFIs required hospital treatment.
Regarding the reported bitumen patches, the inspection team concluded that they were not intended to cover up cracks.
During the meeting, they discussed how to take measures to protect the environment, they discussed the issues related to farmers, the development of sports and the production of clean energy.
Dr War said the search for those who have been in contact with these two persons is still ongoing until this evening and the search will continue as the number of people may increase. who are close to these two men.
Shillong, June 22: The Archbishop of Shillong, Rev Victor Lyngdoh DD and priests today visited Nazareth Hospital Shillong to vaccinate against the spread of COVID-1
The government will also appoint a Judicial Inquiry to look into the incident.
Shillong, Nailar 06: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today took part in the XXXI North East Catholic Youth Conference held in Delhi, to welcome the youth of the North East. The new meeting was held at the Sacred Heart Cathedral, Delhi.
The government should understand clearly that the KSU cannot accept the railway line as it was discussed with the government in 2011 in writing.
“Since I assumed office as Minister of Sports, I have been able to travel around the state and talk to the youth and athletes.
and Wanthmu Phawa (Private Party) and Tuber,6
Shop owners should open their shops with a small number of employees and should provide hand sanitizers.
Shillong, June 02: Union Minister Gulam Nabi Azad on his visit to the North East Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS) today said that preparations are now underway for the construction of the NEIGRIHMS. three medical schools in the North East at a cost of T.280 crore.
The delay was due to the general elections to the Lok Sabha, which have just ended.
Who should be responsible for all that the people of the state know well, but there are still many who go to support those political parties which have violated the rights and set the aspirations of the people? .
This affects the feelings of the Garo people.
He spoke about the inauguration of the drinking water supply project to 45,000 households in the state.
“We are moving forward with confidence in India's progress through economic development in the North East.
This came to an end when the police had to intervene.
In the letter, the Chancellor explained the action of the Governor of Meghalaya and said in the letter that this action affects the future of the students studying at this institution in these three years. years now.
Many Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises (SMEs) play an important role in the tourism industry by providing quality services and supporting the economy.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: U CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem today submitted a report to the House on the investigation into the allegation of embezzlement of funds from the KHADC. Professional Tax to the accounts of private individuals has been investigated by two Magistrates of the KHADC. The House has discussed thoroughly on this matter, and after the discussion in the House it was decided to set up a House Committee to examine the report brought before the House.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The Ranikor Block Congress Committee (RBCC) has strongly condemned the allegation by Pelcy Snaitang that MLA Martin M Danggo has gone to Delhi to meet with the leaders of the Ranikor Block Congress Committee (RBCC). The RBCC has asked Pelcy for a clear explanation as to when and whom their MLA has met.
Shillong, Iaiong 11: Hundreds of Anganwadi Workers and Helpers in Meghalaya today held a march to demand their rights under the banner of Meghalaya Anganwadi Workers and Helpers. Union (MAWHU) together with ASHA workers under the ASHA Workers Union (AWU).
BSF troops on receiving a tip, conducted a raid and seized a vehicle at Sonapur Bridge, East Jaintia Hills.
The village will give permission to the people for only five months and after five months they have to renew their registration.
Why doesn't the JHADC take action to implement this rule, so that the public knows about the shops that have Trading License? in Ladrymbai, Sookilo, Phramer, Khliehriat, War, Umkiang, Ratacherra and other villages within the boundary of JHADC.
The District Administration has informed the owners of these vehicles to evacuate their vehicles within 50 hours. day by providing vehicle documents.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah CVD Diengdoh, SDO Civil, said that such trainings are necessary for the people to have a spirit of hard work and understanding in any job. that three.
Shillong, Iaiong 29: For the first time, BAHAAR, one of the training programs in music in various genres.
At the same time, he said that during their one-year tenure in the MUA government as the NCP, their leader PA Sangma tried to set up a state planning board. as one of the advisors to the government to introduce policies but the government is gone and it ends.
The injured were identified as I Love You Talang, Lodestar Tang, Shidorki Dkhar, Marsanki Tariang, Ramesh Dkhar and Rikmenlang Lamare.
On the same basis, the Cantonment and the Airforce and Lawsohtun bases have been illegally opposed to the IOA & AA. border without agreement with the Hima Khasi States.
The Director said that the State Government and the BFI have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for the development of boxing in the state.
Dawki, July 24: The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs today laid the foundation stone for the construction of an Integrated Check Post at Dawki, West Jaintia Hills. Hills District.
At present, the Lokayukta Act in the state is a source of insult to many because it does not have any power to punish those involved in corruption as they have been allowed to do. blame.
There are also those who have appointed foreigners as workers in factories and so on,” he said.
As one of these measures, the ECI in collaboration with the SubhashGhai Foundation has produced a song – with the participation of various leaders, urging voters to go to the polls and fulfill their duty in in accordance with the Constitution.
Shillong, Iaiong 01: Meghalaya in the past has shown ways to prevent the spread of malaria.
However, despite his opposition and suggestion, it was rejected by other members present at the meeting,” said the BJP. most in the state have been left sharud.
The welcome speech was delivered by the son of Dr Donkupar Roy.
PS Lyngdoh said he demands from the government especially the Chief Minister to give a reply today and Lahkmen Rymbui Minister in charge of Education to take responsibility. for those who are injured.
The expansion and expansion of the infrastructure and the construction of the buildings will help to improve the treatment of the patients especially the Regional Cancer Center. chronic diseases, who have to travel long distances for treatment.
The drawings that the participants have to draw will be 30′′ x 20′′ or 20′′ x 24′′.
For the fiscal year 2014-2015, the allocation was T.1586.64 crore while the state received T.1381.69 crore and the deficit reached T.204.95 crore.
What is more surprising is that even in the same school, some have been admitted and others have been excluded despite having the same education.
In this counting of votes, one vote was found insufficient and this vote was rejected.
There was no loss of life or property in this incident.
The CORP has questioned whether the Forest Department is aware of the existence of these illegal logging factories in the village. DFO has no knowledge of these illegal logging enterprises.
It is learned that on 27.8.2021 the DIG of Assam and the SP of West Karbi Anglong visited this village together with the civil society groups from Karbi Anglong. Stay for 40 days in this area and hold meetings in almost all the villages in this area.
DoNER Minister G. Kishan Reddy, Vice-Chairman of the NEC, DoNER Child Development Minister BL Verma and other senior officers of the NEC will also attend the event. All the Governors and Chief Ministers of the North Eastern States including Chief Secretaries and other senior officials will attend the meeting.
HFU President Commander Shangpliang, accompanied by General Secretary Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew, recently visited Umiew near Smit to confirm the office bearers.
New Delhi, Lber 01: Chhattisgarh MLA and MP Nand Kuamr Sai has taken over as Chairman of the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) in Delhi. .
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Additional Deputy Commissioner in charge of Amlarem Civil Sub Division today informed the public that there are 20 vehicles parked on the Bakur-Tamabil road. BC-4473, ML05-N-0459, AS01-EC-4683, AS01-AC-6874, AS01-S-0737, AS01-BC-2738, AS01-C-7421, AS09-AC-5967, AS01-Z- 7365, AS01-C-3315, AS01-Q-2259, ML10-A-9168, ML05-D-5168, ML10 6081, ML05-L-0844, AS24 7002, TR01-D-1747-A.
Other office bearers of the party are Andrew Pala, Shri Waster Sympli, Op Nongtdu, Mathew Pajat, Hamkhia Siangshai, Eladmi Suchen, Prosperity Rymbai, Baitmi Chyrmang, Ampli Rupsio, Pynlumlang Kso. Omega Sumer, Prosecutor Alprins Dkhar and Prosecutor Cyprian Dkhar.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Principal Chief Conservator of Forests (PCCF) CP Marak said that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has not yet completed the working scheme for the forests. forests under its jurisdiction.
According to sources, no casualties were reported in the petrol bomb blast. The people who were in the shop at that time escaped injuries. Police have also rushed to the scene to investigate any incident.
The President of the Khliehriat Block Congress Committee (BBC) has inaugurated the party office.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The election for the post of Deputy Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be held tomorrow at 11.00 am. The Legislative Secretary of KHADC, Bah M Kharkrang, said that the office has received two nominations, one of Bah Equator and Bah Morningstar. both were found to be sufficient.
The Minister stressed on the programs to provide training for the empowerment of the Divyang and to include them in society for the development of the country and also to open up opportunities for them to can support themselves.
Other office bearers of the HYC branch in Malai Sohmat Hima besides the President, Vice President and General Secretary, five other office bearers have been elected.
“I have told my family not to pay this money, I have told them many times that if they want to shoot me, shoot me anyway, I have faith in God. They have walked tens of kilometers from one village to another in the past two days and one of the villages he has robbed is within Ampati.
The B20 Conference of the G20 Presidency is an opportunity that the tourism industry has been waiting for and is now taking advantage of the opportunities that have come out of it.
India continues to distribute polio drops in January every year, due to the spread of these diseases.
Residents of Beldongpara, Goalpara, Assam have seized a Scooty Apprillia and a Pulsar 220 (black) motorcycle (AS 18 E 7925) from Beldonpara. The robbers escaped with the side of the crowd.
The committee, chaired by Bah Paul Lyngdoh as Chairman, included MLAs Renikton Tongkhar, Remington G Momin, MDC Bajop Pyngropre, officers. , Village Authorities and Sengbhalang.
Shillong, Iaiong 27: Police of East Jaintia Hills District today seized drugs worth T.7.2 crore at Ratacherra.
The Minister said that there has been a request for Risk and Hardship Allowance for NDRF members for a long time and the Government of India, under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has accepted it yesterday. sun.
FKJGP President Dundee Khongsit said that the FKJGP will demand from the government to fill the vacancies in various government departments and to implement the State Employment Policy. Youth Hostels to Youth Preparation Centers or Youth Guidance Centers for the benefit of the youth and the Meghalaya State Youth Commission should be established in the state.
Taking part in the discussion, Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said that NGOs are like observers and if this happens it is something sad. He said that the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) should not be investigated.
When they entered their room, they ordered her to leave and after that they surprised the iiet and broke down the night where the private secretaries were sitting and the house where the dorbar was sitting. The arrival of these people who cannot say who they are has driven the workers out of their workplaces.
The case was investigated by Sub Inspector Subir Sangma, PI of Khliehriat. The case was investigated by HP Lytan under the supervision of Deputy Superintendent of Police (Crime), Bah Vivek Syiem, MPS. He has been appointed Superintendent of Police, Shillong.
On the other hand, the JSM urged the Chief Minister (CM) to provide assistance to the relatives of the Rangbah Shnong of Semasi East Jaintia Hills.
Mawrohroh and Wahumlawbah are the teams fighting for the title.
This freedom of foreigners to come and work has been a threat to our fellow citizens.
He said the government has made it clear that it is against the CAA and this has already been signed on 30/11/2019 in Delhi.
On the other hand, the current MDCs are not too concerned because they know their own seats but what is surprising is that those who still want to contest for this MDC election because it is not clear yet. Your dilimtation cannot be used.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Office of the Ministry of Tourism in Shillong in collaboration with Lady's Keane College, today conducted an awareness program where the students of Lady's Keane College They started from the Polo Club and continued through the Golf Links.
It is estimated that 500 acres of Eri cocoon land (400 acres are new and 100 acres are existing) will generate revenue of T.60,000/- to 70,000/- per acre/per year according to the price. of rusom and including the sale of nianglong soap.
The award ceremony started at 1 pm after the laying of wreaths at the statue of the hero of the country at Syntuksiar Jowai.
Shillong Lajong FC have 20 points from five games in the Gionee Shillong Premier League.
Four deaths have been reported today, three from East Khasi Hills and one from Ri Bhoi, bringing the total number of deaths to one of them has 1645 people.
We want India to play an important role in the fight against terrorism.
Shillong, March 13: The Meghalaya State Disaster Management Authority (MSDMA) today held a meeting between the government department and the media on how to deal with disasters. in nature.
Speaking to media in Shillong, Conrad said the NPP has already prepared the names of 12 candidates for the 40-member Assembly. The party has announced its candidates for the MLA elections in Mizoram in the coming days.
The Government's approach is to introduce policies and programs to ensure that we have an inclusive and prosperous country as envisaged in the Preamble to the Constitution.
He said there is always a conflict but as the army they should not use force because the army should go to war with foreigners and not with the people inside India.
These helicopters, MI 17 V5 Helicopters, which have fire fighting aircraft, have been authorized to carry out this operation.
Two cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in West Garo Hills today, while five cases have recovered and 28 cases are still in critical condition.
“We urge the people to join hands and support us because this is not for the benefit of anyone but for the benefit of the people. “If we do this, the government will listen to our demand to repair the NH44 before the rainy season,” said Bah Dkhar.
The registration will end tomorrow morning and the scrutiny of the documents will be held on the following day, 8th June
Dear citizens, In the past few days, there have been clashes in different parts of the world and some parts have suffered bloodshed.
He said that the vision of the Prime Minister of India is Nasha Mukt Bharat which can only be achieved when Government officials, NGOs and the community work together to address this threat.
Shillong, November 07: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided that the State Government as directed by the Central Government to purchase 20% of the equipment for government offices from the factories manufacturing in the state.
The Seng also feels that such articles published in this booklet are also a counting of dewthala and disrespect to our Jaitbynriew as a whole because it has also affected the feelings of many churches.
,  Maulik Siddhant, IPTR&SVVP, Kolkata.
Shillong, March 05: In a statement issued by Samla Morning Suja President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Barak Valley Sishar Assam, on Tuesday said that the Khasi Students Union (KSU) will celebrate its 10th Anniversary on the 7th March. Former President of the KSU, Samla Daniel Khyriem, who was the Vice President of the KSU at that time.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Shillong Press Club President Bah Marcony Thongni said that the party has demanded from the state government to immediately resolve the AMD. The Maheswari Company in Phodkud should not send for the covering of all the wells mined for uranium by the Maheswari Company in Phodkud.
The union will soon meet with the authorities in charge of the office of the Commandant Home Guard West Jaintia Hills District Jowai to put up a petition demanding that they should pay all the salaries of these people. to Home guard Volunteers COVID-19 West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Iaiong 10: This is the second year that the shyngiar well at Mawlai Phudmawri in the middle of the government forest has collapsed during the rainy season. this bag.
On the other hand, the Minister of State, Bah Prestone said that the discussion is that once the money is received, the government will be able to complete the remaining works in the state under the scheme. .
Shillong, April 30: Sawmer SC grabbed full honors against Nongthymmai SC in what was their last outing of the Shillong Premier League 2023, winning 2-1 at the SSA Stadium at First Ground, Polo, here today.
Debasmita Dutta was honored after taking five wickets for the North East Zone team in the Senior Women Inter-Zonal Trophy.
This shows that the BJP leader has no knowledge of the problems faced by the Khasi people and the issues that could affect the country and the nation if the railway comes.
The places where you walk are clean and spacious.
Samuel Kynshi scored in the 40th minute before the end of the first half.
of India has been able to award the District Youth Club Award 2011-12 at a function to be held soon in Shillong. HMYWO has been recognized as one of the Mentor Youth Clubs to lead the way for other NGOs in the area.
Before entering the room, Bah Jrimson Shangdiar in an interview with the media said that this disease in the legs has affected him for about 50 years. They poured oil on the ground and set fire to the patlun.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The voters of the 53-Ampati Constituency have completed their duty to cast their votes today and who will win this election will be decided. in the book and destiny of the candidates revealed by many of the voters.
The awarding ceremony of the medals will be held tomorrow morning for the men and women.
He said that the present government has become powerful and does not listen to anyone even the parties in the government. He said that this is evident from the letter written by the UDP party to him. The CLP leader said that the government's attempt to reconcile with those petrol pump owners who have not paid their taxes for three years with a one-time reconciliation is illegal. He said that the petrol pumps have already collected tax from the people at the time of filling petrol and if they do not collect the tax to the government it is illegal and that statement that has been arranged is impossible. “This is the money collected from the people,” said Dr Mukul.
Shillong, July 13: The Ri Bhoi Students Union (RBSU) has vowed not to take part in the 2018 elections if the leaders of Ri Bhoi District cannot build a government college in Ri Bhoi District. .
Leaders of all parties, MPs, MLAs, MDCs, Rangbah Shnong Unions, Rangbah Shnongs, Chief Executive Members, Dorbar Kurs, Rangbah Kur Unions, market dwellers, farmers were invited. Kali, government employees, employees of various companies, all civil society organizations in the Bri u Hynniewtrep, youth organizations, women's organizations, teachers, intellectuals, religious groups, journalists and all those who attended the meeting.
We have submitted a complaint and it is up to the KHADC what to decide and there will be another hearing and we will wait for that.
The HYC would like to thank all the paradohs living in the border areas who have become the border guards of the jaidbynriew.
However, these reports are not based on scientific knowledge and are speculative.
(Dr.) BD Mishra (Retd.) today visited the North Eastern Hill University Campus in Tura where he was welcomed by the VC of the University.
Referring to Meghalaya, he said the counting of votes for the two parliamentary Lok Sabha constituencies of 1-Shillong and 2-Tura will be held on the 11th of June. will be held on the same day throughout India on the 23rd of June.
Before the meeting, a speech was delivered by Samla Ewanmi Phawa, the new President of KSU Jowai Unit.
HANM Vice President Tyllang Thongni said that HANM will strongly oppose the proposal of the Karbi Anlong District Council to erect a monument to the Assam Forest Police Officer who died in the incident on the 22nd of this month. also the proposal to build a school within the boundary of Mukroh village which still falls under Meghalaya.
However, other MDCs who have not yet resigned from the Congress party did not attend the meeting of the PP. it is from here onwards that they will continue to watch.
The CEC's Working Report for the term was also presented at the meeting. The meeting also elected the new office bearers of the party for the term -2026.
Police said that if the family members do not come to complain, they will have to register a complaint with Suo Muto. They have to register a complaint with the police.
Drugs will destroy youth and society and the money earned from the sale of drugs is used against national security, I urge people to join this war and to report to the appropriate authorities when they discover drug sales.
The union has decided to slaughter cows in these days after many problems have arisen regarding the purchase of cows from Khanapara.
The CEO's office has conducted campaigns in different parts of the state in the markets in connection with the election to be held on the 27th of this month.
In Kenmynsaw, the deceased was Drit Byrsaw and the missing is Bah Robina Kynter. The search for the body of Bah Robino, who was injured in the earthquake, is ongoing at the time of writing. the news.
Police of Rynjah Police Station have launched an investigation into the incident.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club today, Bah Wankit Ryntathiang General Secretary of Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Jaiaw Circle said that the letter sent by the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) The Jaiaw Circle has shown that the leader of the party is not respected.
The union has urged the Chief Minister to implement the 4% quota in accordance with the Right of Persons with Disabilities Act 2016 of the Central Government and according to the announcement of the Governor.
“We have to bring it before the Minister and many of our residents say that the electricity bill has increased by thousands.
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC has appointed a committee to consider the proposal to amend the Indian Forest Act 1927 which includes the opposition MDCs and the Chief Executive Members of the Federation. of Khasi States (FKS).
Lakhan Singh was injured in the incident and lodged a complaint at the Cantonment Beat House. Police have arrested one of the suspects involved in the shooting. cricketer.
The Union Home Minister said the Modi government has signed social agreements with the NLFT in 2019, Bru and Bodo in 2020, Karbi in 2021, social agreements with the Adivasis in 2022, the Assam-Meghalaya border agreement, the Assam-Arunachal Pradesh border agreement and the UNLF agreement in 2023 and today with the ULFA. He said that through this social agreement today, a new era of peace has begun for the North East, especially for Assam.
According to him, the party has visited all 36 constituencies in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Lber 22: The Meghalaya Agriculture Department in collaboration with APEDA has held a one-day meeting at the State Convention Center to meet with farmers and traders to market their products from the state abroad. Country.
Shillong, July 24: The CSWO under the leadership of Kong Irene Hujon as President has congratulated the Joint Working Committee of the Three Dorbar Shnongs of Upper Lumparing, Lower Lumparing and Umkynrut-Kynjat Phutbol for the motion passed. The meeting was held on 12.11.11 at Lumsohphoh Presbyterian School regarding the MUDA and Municipal.
For Class VI to SSLC, 70% or above, Class XII, 65%, Graduate, Post Graduate and other specialized courses must have 60% or above. including those who have completed their Ph.D.
Ribhoi District Police have arrested three members of the Sleeper Cell of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) in connection with the receipt of demand letters. in Mawhati-Umroi, Ribhoi District and in Shillong.
Nongkrem MLA Lambor Malngiang and Reniktone L Tongkhar were also present at the opening ceremony of the UDP office.
The appointment of retired government employees in the Directorate of Investigation and Directorate of Prosecution within the Lokayukta office was not in accordance with the provisions of the Lokayukta Act 2014, she said.
Bah Porcess urged the students to be aware of the day, so that they can improve in their knowledge, because if they don't, they won't improve at all.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Chief Executive Member of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) Rakesh A Sangma has confirmed that he will resign tomorrow morning to listen to the demands of the people of Garo Hills.
If the District authorities cannot resolve these issues, the union will have to take other measures.
Dr Mukul urged all the participants to be the spokespersons to say that Meghalaya is a beautiful state and to introduce others to come and play here. .
Shillong, July 12: The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today in a special session decided to send a letter to the Central Government against the announcement of the Government through its Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Environment Forest and Climate Change Vide GSR 494 issued on 23rd June 2017 in relation to the provisions of the Livestock Markets Rules, which has affected the income and culture of the people of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the Minister of Food and Civil Supplies of the State Government has expressed his gratitude to the staff of the Food and Civil Supplies Department who have worked day and night to ensure that there will be no problems in the food supply. Regarding the arrival of food items in the state, he appealed to the people to work together with the government to implement what has been directed to fight against this disease.
Mawsynram block is one of the oldest blocks in Meghalaya, but even for small jobs, people have to go to Shillong.
The JYF and JSU have requested the Chief Secretary to look into their request to suspend the DC while he is the Chief Secretary. time for him to leave the place.
Besides, the shop also sells plant products such as Shynrai Lakadong, wild fish and Sohiong Jam.
The Prime Minister said that although they did not take part in the meeting, he felt it was necessary to meet them. come and tell me that you don't know those people who came.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) has requested the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. PS Shukla to immediately dismiss Rohit Prasad, who has been appointed as a technical advisor. NEHUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSU on Tuesday launched an indefinite strike.
If they turn around on this explanation, the party as a group cannot accept this part because most of the time we don't hear about the medicines being distributed immediately without being able to use them. also that most of the agreement with various companies through them in relation to the pharmaceutical sector through the Ministry of Health.
India's digital infrastructure is to promote “Ease of Living over Ease of Doing Business”, as it aims to promote inclusivity and democracy. for the benefit of businesses and residents.
