Therefore, the shutdown of the internet by the state government for many days and then for 48 hours has affected many churches.
He said that like the CHC Mawphlang which has been built for many years but has not been opened yet and there are PHCs which have been opened but the people do not want to go to these government health centres. .
Directorate of Information and Public Relations, Meghalaya.
Meanwhile, the SPVS said that the government should appoint a full-time CEP and a Member Secretary within the SPVS as it did in the early years of its inception by recruiting officers. The Society's activities are limited to those villages around the Mawshun mining site in Nongtrai.
Thus, during the rainy season in Mawlangwir and other places, the leading leaders themselves clean up the garbage, the main tyngshops go to fetch water from the river and go to the forest. There are those who clean, clean, carry, and distribute food and drink without discrimination.
“We will allocate about T.10,000 crore over the next four years in Knowledge City and New Shillong City.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister in charge of Sports, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, said that this meeting will not only be a place to discuss how to promote sports. but it is an opportunity to develop sports activities in the state as a whole to become a factory.
On the other hand, the BSF suspects that such weapons may have been used by insurgents or robbery groups in the area. The area where they found these weapons is only 900 meters away. on the Bangladesh border.
On the same day, the Eastern Air Command welcomed the President of India at the same venue.
The President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit said that the BJP stands on the basis of protecting the minorities, although there is something wrong with the law even if it is not. “He is a lawyer, but he understands that when he gives anything, he has to look carefully and ask for his opinion on the law,” said Ernest Mawrie.
The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, through his Mann Ki Baat, said that Tirot Singh fought against the British who wanted to rule the Khasi Hills and destroy their customs and traditions. parts of the Khasi Hills.
However, during the treatment, Agnes Kharshiing has recovered and is still strong as the days go by and today the authorities in charge of the hospital have released her and sent her home with the instructions to be treated according to the instructions of the hospital. that doctor.
When it was found that enough members of the House supported the no confidence motion, the Chairman fixed a date for the discussion of the no confidence motion tomorrow. .
“Whether it is freedom of expression, personal freedom or social rights, the Supreme Court has strengthened the democracy of the country.
He said that in the second month of October he will schedule a meeting with the party leaders in Delhi to ask them how it is but to take a decision will be from Delhi, as the party stands. At the same time, the President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit said that the Bodo Agreement should be allowed. after consultation, after the presence of review committees to inspect to ensure that it does not violate the Constitution of the country.
Amit Shah to launch NEC Year Book
At the same time, he expressed his gratitude to the Government of Meghalaya for accepting the demand of the Dorbar Ri for a special allocation of funds and this was approved in March The Meghalaya State Finance Commission Act, 2012, has passed the Meghalaya State Finance Commission Act, 2012, to determine the amount of revenue collected by the State Government of Meghalaya. Autonomous District Councils and Dorbars, Raids and Himas.
The nine arrested include Bharati Basumatary, Swindwin Daimary, both from Assam;
The biggest problem is for the mothers of this state because the woman is the head of the household for the elderly parents.
In some cases, it was found that anti-India news came from Pakistan.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh has been elected as the General Secretary of the party. Besides the General Secretary, three other Secretaries have been elected. Anvil Lyngdoh was elected as the Joint Secretary.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkhar, Bah Arwan Tariang, said that the purpose of their visit to the market was to ensure the cleanliness of the market.
DDG, DoT, North East LSA, to A.K.Jain, DDG (Compliance), DoT, North East LSA, Shillong, to K.Sri Krishna, DDG Mizoram, DoT, North East LSA.To A.Robert Jerard Ravi, DDG (Compliance ), DoT, AP LSA, Vijaywada, Dr.Arun Chougule, Senior Professor & Head Department of Radiological Physics, SMS Medical College & Hospitals, Jaipur and P.C.Sharma, Director (Compliance), DoT, North East LSA, Shillong.
Mazumdar, a commando of the 5th Meghalaya Battalion, was on vacation and was on his way with a friend to his village in Barengapara, near Dalu.
Prof Barister Pakem, Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof Hamlet B Ngapkynta, Dr Helen Giri and others.
On the 30th of this month, a meeting will be held at Mawphanlur in West Khasi Hills District.
Overall, the reason for the poor performance of the health department in the district is due to the lack of even the head in charge of running it.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The RBYWO today closed down the offices of the Central Government in Ri Bhoi District for not opening their offices on the day of the Nongkrem Festival. which is once a year.
The union alleged that the equipment used inside the Government Hospitals is very expensive because they cannot get branded products or even medicines.
The height of each lyngkhot Mawshun exported to the country shall not exceed 12 inches.
Referring to the work of the Deputy Commissioner, the MLA of Mawkyrwat praised the DC for enforcing the rules and regulations laid down by the government and for setting up a gate at Umjarain to check those who enter. not within the District.
The SP said that these three persons were involved in recruitment and collection of money for the HNLC which was illegally banned under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act. years to receive training.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of the Debate Competition, Cross Country Race & Run.
The most important demand besides the state is that the dorbar tlang of the state legislature should be held in Tura.
These Bangladeshi students will spend three days in Shillong and during these three days they will be able to travel to different parts of the state.
More are needed in Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities for the poor under this scheme.
Shillong, July 20: U Bah BS Mawphiang, one of the former office bearers of the Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar, on Tuesday said that the failure to get the Patharkhamah Civil Sub Division is due to the lack of responsibility of the leaders. .
The BSBY scheme in India was launched in 2008 and now the total number of households in India who have benefited from this scheme has reached 34 million households.
The Prime Minister explained that testing is necessary to detect the spread of the disease in the community and also to identify people who can spread the disease.
About 3.18 crore employees worked in about 5.31 lakh jobs in the fourth round, compared to 3.14 crore in the third quarter.
The HYC has expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Shylla, said the president of the HYC, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin.
This recognition shows the great contribution she has made as a nurse and is a sign of her commitment and hard work in the care of the people.
Other issues they want to discuss are the rights of the citizens of the state, in politics, in trade, the party wants to discuss on the Residential Permit, the Work Permit.
to increase the daily wage,
The revenue collection is estimated at T 26.02 lakh crore.
The Prime Minister said they will look into this, but for the NPP party they will take note of this change and will follow closely as this is a very important change.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Today is the last day for the candidates to file their nomination papers for the MLA election to be held on the 27th of this month in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
Some of the people heard of this and drove and seized (them).
On the part of the Central Government, it is clear that to preserve the water sources, rivers, villages and states, what the Central Government can do is to set a target, to provide technological and financial support.
This came in handy when the war in Ukraine broke out.
In two weeks, the Federal Government and the State Governments will finalize the drafting of the new rules of procedure.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, KSU SWKH President Bah F Nongrem said that the UCIL which took over the health center earlier now The union demands that the government should open this health center for the people.
During the border settlement talks, they also discussed the remaining four areas which need to be discussed and it is expected that the talks will continue to reach the goal of resolving the issue. The border between these two states has remained unchanged.
The President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, said that there has also been a harassment of BJP supporters in which the police have summoned them and detained them for many hours but without asking any questions, the party members have not come. go to the police station for what you cannot accept.
On the other hand, MSSASA said that in fact the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District should have found out why there are few people who take the Measles Rubela vaccine and why the school children should be punished.
Shillong, Nailur 01: According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya has reported more recoveries than those who have suffered from the COVID-19 pandemic.
In the fiscal year 2020-21, T.11,000 has been allocated for the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) and grants have been provided to the States/UTs according to their performance to provide water supply systems and use funds allocated to the states for this purpose.
Shillong, November 10: The Cabinet meeting held this evening has decided to meet the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy to discuss the Meghalaya Residence Safety and Security (Amendment) Ordinance. 2019.
Limited (LUMPL) should provide employment opportunities to the villagers of Nongtrai.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said the VAT has been reduced from 20% to 13% on petrol and from 12% to 5% on diesel. Meghalaya is the least expensive state in India.
Speeches were delivered by Bah Shakliar Warjri, Minister of State, Rangbah RL Kharpran, Chief Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Kur and Samla Roy Kupar Synrem, Chief of Hynniewtrep Youth Council.
According to information received by the SP News Agency, the government has allocated less than T.60/- per day for treatment at government hospitals. The maximum and minimum allowance is T.40 tyngka per day.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement dated 17th August 1948 was signed and approved by Shri C Rajagopalachari, Governor General, Government of India and the Khasi Hills. States in the name of their own Hima and also in the name of the Federation of Khasi States.
AKHFA urges the District Administration to provide immediate assistance to those affected by the wild boars.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The newly arrived Celerio at Banalari World Cars showroom, Mawlai Nongkwar, Shillong today was launched by Pu Lakesh Rai, Territory Sales Manager, Meghalaya. Godwin R. Lakiang, owner of Banalari World, Gervasis Kharmujai and Embhahlang B. Syiemlieh, MLA/MDC Mawlai Constituency.
On behalf of the Meghalaya Chamber of Commerce (MCC), RL Sethia, one of the members of the MCC, said: Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that there is a fact that there are some goods that are in short supply in the market now, the reason is that three days before the GST comes into force, the companies have not released them. In the same way, the traders have not bought goods after the implementation of the GST because they have to count those who have already bought before. GST will apply because they have to look at the remaining goods.
On the other hand, the Union said that the main reason why they are against the Entrance Examination is because of the late issuance of the announcement, which was issued only after the Result Cl.
Meghalaya will now travel to Gujarat where they will take on Manipur in their next fixture from 14 January in Surat.
On the thehniut land, Bah Dhar called upon the people to cooperate as the thehniut is not only an issue affecting Shillong but also other parts of the state.
In KHADC, 36 members must be elected by election, 2 members must be appointed by women and 2 members must be elected from the ethnic groups who do not have leaders.
Dr WR Kharlukhi said that the NPP doesn't wear sheep's clothes, they always say that they are part of the NDA, it is because of the opposition of the NPP that the BJP doesn't. The Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) 2016 has been introduced.
Furthermore, Bah Metbah said that this celebration gives the residents the opportunity to look back at the past of the state, its journey in development in many aspects through the years and decades and It is also an opportunity to think about how to further develop the state in the next 50 years.
The purpose of the public meeting today was to explain to the people about the registration of names on the electoral roll and especially that the state will go to the elections to elect the MLAs of the state in .
He is in charge of the Anti-Human Trafficking Units in Shillong, Jowai and Tura.
KSU President Bah Daniel Khyriem told reporters that after the meeting, the 13 civil society groups have agreed to suspend their strike so that they can see. detail the 52 laws which they will receive from the government before taking any decision.
In Meghalaya, three oxygen production plants will be set up, one in East Khasi Hills, West Garo Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
Finally, the HNYF urges the government to take action to improve the government schools, so that the people can easily get the benefits, and also urges the office of the District School Education Officer to arrest those involved. to charge school fees, those who waste mid-day meal and those who do not implement or waste the money to build school buildings as allocated.
“The CEC has authorized the Core Committee of the UDP to take the necessary action to implement the recommendations of the CEC today.
The fight against this disease is not only for the government or the DHS office but for the whole community. It has been more than three months and everyone has understood how to protect themselves.
On the other hand, the Magistrate of Sohra Civil Sub-Division, Bah R.Kharbihkhiew, said that the arrest of the HNYM members in Umstew is to prevent any tragic incident if they are allowed to enter the Umstew. the village of Majay.
Aristotle Rymbai, President of MSSASA, said that the decision taken today is to wait for the reply from the government until the 31st of this month. They will hold a march in June not only for the fourth teachers of SSA but for all the SSA teachers in the state.
The Mawphlang PHE Workers' Union (MPWU), which is the umbrella of the casual and work charge staff working in the PHE department of Mawphlang Division, on Tuesday requested the Government to release the salary of suspended from April, May and also for November
Of course these are small compared to your daily needs but receive these gifts with love as we have given to you with a spirit of love.
I want to wish them all the best on this special day.
In your hard work for more than fifty years, you have produced many songs on nature, youth, humanity, the spirit of love, the voice of piety and human life in society.
Details of the amendments are, (a) The removal of 6 minerals from the list of 12 atomic minerals defined in Part-B of the First Schedule of the Act. .
Other Ministers include Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, AT Mandal, Marcuise Marak and Rakam A Sangma.
Titosstarwell said that at present there are places where men don't get anything after they go to stand up for people or when they want to start their own business because they can't show the place. because it is not in their name.
At the same time, the Minister said that according to Rule 132 of the Rules of Procedure of the House, it is clear that this should not be discussed, but the government has an intention to resolve this issue. for many many years now.
He said that after meeting with the Deputy Director of NEIGHRIMS, he said that after this person has already received the contract from the hospital management. They gave him two months to submit the documents they need to get from the District Council.
Regarding Nongtalang CHC, the doctor incharge of the Nongtalang CHC has been informed that 10 special beds have been prepared and the equipment has been prepared. The doctor requested the union to cooperate with the authorities to improve the working conditions in the health centre. .
However, this has not happened due to the lack of confidence of the government and for this reason we have taken this step today to build a 100 bedded CHC in Mawkyrwat.
In 2022, she has the opportunity to compete for the first time in a tournament organized by the West Jaintia Adventure Cycling Association in Jowai.
The HYC today distributed foodgrains at Mooluber village in East Jaintia Hills District and also at Mawsei village in Ri Bhoi District.
Referring to the Congress' termination of the agreement, Sangma said, “It is not true that they have gone ahead and announced the candidates for Meghalaya.
Therefore, the work has been divided into two phases, the first phase is to improve the road from Km 69.200 to Km 120.200 and the letter of acceptance for implementation was issued on 07/02/2 number.25941.
If uranium is mined in Mawthabah and Nongbah Jynrin or Phlangdiloin, all the people in those areas will be expelled, then it is economic development or resettlement, if roads are built who will benefit? The answer is that it will go to UCIL and the employees who use it.
AMS 2018, the annual conference of the Asia-Pacific Institute for Broadcasting Development (AIBD) Kuala Lumpur, is the most important conference in the Asia Pacific region and India has hosted it for the first time. first.
This was stated by Bah John Kharshiing in a statement sent today.
According to reports, the bank has refused to pay money to the account holders especially those who are employees for 100 days and annual salary.
Regarding the petition submitted by the sport club to him, the Prime Minister said that the petition has included the right words.
After these drivers who came from Bangladesh, they will have to be quarantined.
Assam Police also announced the seizure of two Bolero vehicles from Meghalaya through a tweet. They said that one Bolero was seized from Nongstoin in West Khasi Hills District and Mairang is one of the districts.
Speaking at the receiving ceremony, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah M Mawlong, first of all, congratulated the office bearers of the Ri-Bhoi District Students Association, who came to donate these items. He requested the KSU to cooperate with the MeECL authorities that since the 8th, the residents of the village have been in darkness due to the loss of three power lines. post elektrik, which he alleged that the MeECL employees did not take action to repair them even after the incident.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The District Administration of East Khasi Hills, Shillong, has organized many games and competitions on this day to attract the people to a special celebration of the day. Freedom of the Country.
“Regarding the Annex Agreement related to the Sixth Schedule, we need to review the draft written by the Meghalaya Constitutional Rights Movement,” he said.
The meeting will also discuss the renewal of various committees within the party, the Land Committee, the Finance Committee, the Employment Opportunities Committee. and an internal disciplinary committee.
Roy Kupar Synrem said that the union will inform the government to set up jngi centers in Shella in order to enable the youth to continue to develop in this field of jngi, even in the middle of the Three of the state's representatives are from Shella.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: BSF troops in Katuli of South Garo Hills District have seized 11 kilograms of Kynja while it was being smuggled to Bangladesh by smugglers. .
In Shillong, all banks have been closed, many remote offices have been closed and the work of the government has been affected as many people have lost their jobs on this day.
Shillong, July 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, Law Minister Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh today met with the civil society organizations. Garo Hills was held in Tura.
The Miss Meghalaya Organization (MMO) has ensured that the winners will get the opportunity to showcase their talents in the field of sports and at various levels.
Through this programme, TB patients were also encouraged to accept assistance through Corporate Social Responsibility to receive treatment until recovery, to receive cooperation in the communities and to achieve The aim is to eradicate TB. The support to patients under this aim is to provide free treatment and medicines.
Bah V.Nianglang spoke on the need for students to work together and be role models to preserve the environment. Bah KJ Lyngdoh spoke on Article 51 'A'-g of the Constitution of India, which clearly outlines the duties that citizens have to perform for the benefit of the environment.
Students are also asked to bring bottles of drinking water, ORS or coconut water.
The SDRF immediately rushed to Tura Civil Hospital for treatment.
Shillong, Naitung 11: Bah HS Shylla was welcomed to the United Democratic Party (UDP) today at a meeting held at the residence of Dr Donkupar Roy. attended this meeting.
Furthermore, she said that the brave deeds of Phan Nonglait have shown that in the fields, in places where men are no longer able to stand, it is the women who can enter the bedrooms of the enemy. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: Two unidentified persons were killed in a clash between police and unidentified persons in Dibru forest near Bamandanga and Gaptuli this morning. shooting.
The project is expected to create employment opportunities for 107 people per annum and also to create job opportunities for about 1,500 Eri farmers and about 730 farmers.
Due to the urgency of the matter, this order will be effective immediately from July 5, 2023 until further notice.
The BJP party hopes that the people will give their confidence to the BJP as the people have already voted for the Congress and NPP parties in the GHADC and now they hope that the BJP will win more. Shillong, June 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma on his campaign in Damascus GHADC Constituency on Tuesday urged the people to vote for the NPP party to bring about the strengthening of the Executive Committee of the party. Speaking at a public meeting in Keragalram, North Garo Hills to support the Dy CEM of Dolly Sangma in the last EC, GHADC said the GHADC has employ state and federal support.
He said that it was on this day that 63 years ago the people of India passed the Constitution and we celebrate this day as Republic Day.
The book was launched today at a meeting held at the Mawkhar Dorbar Hall.
The competition started from Jowai and will travel across the state in different districts.
She said that GVK Company is ready to leave if the government does not want it.
Police suspect that the robbery was committed by the husband but as he is still missing, the police have not been able to investigate the husband. You can report to Nongpoh Police Station.
During the meeting, the leaders and members of the Joint Coordination Committee FKJGP & KSU Upper Shillong Circle apologized to the leaders of the two organizations and said that they used the name of the KSU. and FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle for not thinking about the exploitation by foreign companies. They have admitted that they have done wrong and have apologized and promised to continue to do so. there is no more light in the spirit.
Bah Metbah also urged the residents not to listen to false news and misinformation as these have the power to mislead the people and which can also become stumbling blocks in the fight against corruption. Government and Village Authorities.
Shillong, March 22: Two Joawai Policemen were beaten up by unidentified persons at Challam Petrol Pump in Jowai. these policemen until they were injured.
However, its members are free without restriction but the name of the Union of Rangbah Kur shall not be used.
The union found from the SSA office that the central government has not distinguished between the salaries of trained and untrained teachers.
The union also said that the MTET examination is not the first time that the MTET examination has been conducted smoothly. There is no doubt that you will not be able to take the examination.
Shillong, November 16: The Assembly Committee on Women's Empowerment (ACEW) led by Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh as Chairman together with members of the committee have visited government hospitals across the state.
The main purpose of the workshop was to train the children how to give first aid in case of illness or injury during the world sports.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The people of Meghalaya have rejected the leadership of the Congress government in the 2018 elections. He was the leader of the Congress party to lead the government in the state.
Shillong, Lber 6: U Bah David L Marshilong, who was arrested as Bah Jyllud, has escaped from the hands of the police while he was being taken to court for trial. .
The new office was sworn in by Samla Ostarnic Marbaniang, Organizing Secretary of KSU Jowai Circle.
“Through this I believe we can reduce, control & stop, because as it is now trade and demand is free,” said Bah Nongrum.
NPP candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh today filed her nomination papers from 16-Shillong East.
During this visit, he met with the authorities in charge of the districts and during this meeting it was found that they have prepared in a thorough manner.
We also found that the Token Machine inside the bank has been lost since January but has not been repaired yet and the printing machine has been lost since before the lockdown but has not been repaired yet.
The protest was held as a sign of strong condemnation of the failure of the Central Government to do anything to end the bloodshed in Manipur. concern over the situation in Manipur.
Tura Constituency has been deprived of its rights in the past and has received only T.10 lakh from the Tied and Untied Fund from the former Executive Committee led by the NPP. your MDCs in GHADC to distribute the shares.
In my capacity as President of the country, I have been fortunate to travel around the world, especially to several African countries.
To clarify this is because the UDP feels that the new EC has been appointed by them but whether it is wrong, even if there is a need for clarification we will explain this at the public meeting or at the common platform to express my views, said Bah Arden.
: the mutka is the leaf of the coin that produces the tngit or phngit eitnar.
On this occasion, Bah Prestone also spoke on the issue of tourism as this is one of the ways to increase income and South West Khasi Hills District has potential. The government has now prepared schemes for the construction of roads under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister.
He also said that such allegations are common during elections.
On the other hand, the MLA said that he has to look after the needs of the constituency in many ways from the distribution of construction materials to those who need them and at the end of the day to repair those who need them. they shall not do it.
The CEC said there are 96.8 crore voters in India of whom 49.7 crore are males and 47.1 crore are females.
Speaking on the Swachhata Hi Sevaabhiyan, he said, “A big cleanliness program will be held on the 1st of March or Sunday at 10 pm.
The Election Department is ready to ensure that the election should run smoothly in the state.
Speaking to media, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem said, I don't want to complain to the police.
During the meeting, Prestone said that they should not worry because if the people want there is no problem to include the area under Pynursla CSD. There will be a public meeting on the 18th at Mawkliaw-Kemrang village where all the 7 villages will attend the meeting to take a decision.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The total number of people vaccinated against COVID-19 in Meghalaya has risen to 23,29,276 lakh, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. today.
Other MDCs who took part in the meeting included Deputy CEM PN Syiem, Bajop Pyngrope, Jambor War and others. Therefore, the KHADC has decided to approve to send the resolution to the State Government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today approved the resolution introduced by Bah HS Shylla to change the name of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to “ United Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: U Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa, Leader of the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee on Commercial Vehicles (MJACCV), on Tuesday said that the union will continue the strike against the government's decision.
Embhah Syiemlieh MLA of the UDP from Mawlai told SP News Agency that at this meeting they decided to move forward with the no confidence motion against the Speaker of the House. on the opening day of the session which will begin tomorrow.
In the letter, Bah Erwin said that if the government does not remove the appointment of Rao as Chief Secretary, the MPLU will not hesitate to gather the people to protest against this. government.
“There has been talk from time to time that in Shillong there are many such buildings which have covered the river.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Meghalaya, today announced that the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, will arrive in Shillong on 18/12/2022 to take part in the celebration of the 50 year of the North Eastern Council.
Prime Minister Duh also spoke about the One Rank One Pension scheme, the demand of those who have retired from the security services and said that the Modi Government has implemented this as soon as it came to power.
Tip shuh, what's the difference between chess and chess? In this MLA election 2023, it is impossible to explain or count because the people are too smart and intelligent now.
HANM has found that in the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873, it has been found that Garo Hills and Khasi Jaintia fall under this Act. The Meghalaya Government has taken a decision in the House to demand from the Central Government to implement the ILP in the whole of Meghalaya.
Prestone said that on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of the State, the state is a beautiful state, a state with a lot of natural resources, the presence of intelligent and intelligent people. It is not necessary because the state has grown in many ways.
The bodies of the four were taken to the Civil Hospital Khliehriat for post mortem.
Among the cases, 66 cases have been admitted to hospitals, 43 cases from East Khasi Hills, 3 cases from Ri Bhoi, 4 cases from South Garo Hills, 14 cases from West Garo Hills and 2 cases from West Jaintia Hills.
The rally will be held at CHC Mawkyrwat from 11 am to 3 pm.
Two candidates have registered their nomination papers in East Khasi Hills District.
The Behavior Change Model for Living with COVID-19 assumes that everyone can be a COVID-19 patient and through this, everyone is responsible for maintaining social distancing. use of face shields and hygiene and regular hand washingThese three-pronged measures of the Government have been successful due to their timely implementation through technology to ensure compliance comply with the guidelines and regulations on COVID-1
On behalf of the HYC Mawlai Circle, in this time of fighting against COVID-19, we demand from the office of the DMHO East Khasi Hills, the DHS and especially the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare. Bah AL Hek urged them to relocate the Dispensary which has been in existence for decades in this crowded area as soon as possible.
Speaking to the Christian community, Cardinal Charles Maung Bo said that the Khasi were the first to accept the Catholic faith in the North East.
“The NPP and the BJP are the same.
The party has asked the President of the party and because there is no written statement from any party leader to demand his resignation and perhaps it may be just a statement in the media.
“We need to change our lifestyle by finding new ways of farming so that we can increase our income,” said Bah Banteidor who urged the farmers to take advantage of the schemes. Government in order to be of benefit.
Meanwhile, Samla Rueben Najiar said that whenever issues affecting the Jaitbynriew arise, the KSU is the first to come forward to protest against the Government's intention to destroy the Jaitbynriew.
A).
To get the support of other parties, the BJP has used the CBI, the Enforcement Directorate and the Income Tax. On the other hand, the Congress will stand against it.
Before this, there was a dance by the teachers, the children of the pre primary section, as well as a song by the parents, those who passed from this school and others.
Yogesh Chaudhury, Soram Rani and Ribasuk Lyngdoh Mawphlang won the 65 kg category.
“I have lodged a complaint with the Cyber ​​Crime Police Station against YouTuber 'RS Kharbani' on the allegation that I have committed corruption and that there is corruption in the implementation of the MP scheme,” he said.
Community actions, Government policies and partnerships with the people involved in these activities are what are needed to build a sustainable future,’ she said.
The heavy rainfall from Sunday to Tuesday has caused landslides across the districts of Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters, Sister Delina Lyngdoh of the Mission, said that the demand is to The Government should enact laws to improve the welfare of domestic workers, to invest in those domestic workers who are genuinely employed and to implement the Urban Employment Scheme.
There were 20 recipients of the award and 4 of them included Ms Samhakani Suja who scored 86.02% in HSSLC, Mr Peter Buam who scored 85.6%. Mr Hunbait Lakashiang who scored 81.83% in SSLC and Mr Bedingfield Lyngdoh who scored 80.02% in HSSLC received a laptop each with the assistance of MLA Stephanson Mukhim. they have received 80% above their marks.
He praised the progress of the Jal Jeevan Mission in the district and urged for more information and better implementation of the Pradhan Mantri Gramin Aawas Yojana.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) today decided to request Sonia Gandhi not to step down from the post. you are the president of the party.
The Secretary said that one of the most important jobs in the North East is in IT, especially in relation to Industry 4.0, along with jobs like 3D printing, Artificial Intelligence and other other.
He said that some political parties have sent letters of support but the party has not taken any decision.
The El Elyon Institute is a training institute which provides various training to the youth in Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking on EMF and regulations, K.Sri Krishna, DDG Mizoram said, “The Government of India has clarified the regulations relating to mobile tower emissions and therefore, India is one of the from only a few countries with strict regulations regarding mobile towers.
If there is no action, the state will continue to shed tears and violence will increase.
The total number of recoveries today is 105, 66 from East Khasi Hills, 15 from Ri Bhoi, 14 from West Garo Hills, 2 from West Khasi Hills and 2 from South West Khasi Hills. 6497 people have recovered so far.
The HITO alleged that there are 12 coal mining factories which have submitted their applications, but only two have received CTE and CTO and they are Syrpailang Coke Factory Sawkilo, Mahajong Coke LLP. Umtyra District, Kashitang Sawkilo Sutnga, Adhi Coke Ladrymbai and Jaintia Coke Ladrymbai are the only ones who have received both the permits.
When the BSF asked the driver of the vehicle regarding the sugar, the driver of the vehicle could not give any answer and the driver of the vehicle could not give any answer. They arrested the suspects and seized Shini. Those arrested were handed over to the police for further investigation.
The Commissioner and Secretary of the Arts and Culture Department of the State Government, Bah FR Kharkongor, has informed that in the implementation of the powers conferred under Section (1) (2) of the Meghalaya Heritage Act 2012, the Government of Meghalaya has proposed to declare two archaeological sites in East Khasi Hills as “Protected Sites.
According to the Official Data, most of the ASHA workers have received a salary of T.23,000 thousand to T.82,000 for the six months from 1st June to 30th November, indicate the date of payment through the Bank Account.
The department has also received support from groups like Brahma Kumari, Art of Living, Patanjali, Gayatri Parivar, Isha Yoga Centre, Heartfulness and others.
She said that there are some schemes that have worked well, such as MGNREGA where the success rate is 99 percent.
The letter was submitted to the MLA's office in Mairang.
In this regard, the party will hold a meeting to discuss how to deal with this neglect by the government and the people's leaders.
These will happen if we don't surprise the people and if we don't stand up now to protect the illegal entry and settlement of foreigners as the Khasi people are only one symbol of the country. India and these Khaw khar will collapse if we don't see far and if we don't protect ourselves.
The BJP is deeply concerned about the influx of people from Bangladesh into India, where neither the MUA nor the UPA government has done anything to stop it. This is the example of Assam.
The march started in front of the MBoSE Regional Office, Shillong and proceeded from Lachaumiere, Barik Point, IGP Point and ended at the gravesite of Bah Ardent. at the Parking Lot opposite the Additional Secretariat Office, Shillong.
We are fortunate to have the Constitution of India which protects all citizens in the country.
The PWD office in Nongpoh has not been badly damaged, the damage is only to the doors, but in this fire some of the old documents have been stolen from the office. this burning.
Shillong, July 09: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, in reply to a motion in the House by HSPDP MLA Bah Witting Mawsor, said that Kardius Syiemlieh should be reinstated.
Shillong, March 03: Sohra Police today received a tip that the BJP has only two MLAs. Two tourists have lost their way while traveling to the bottom of the Nohkalikai Valley.
Vice President, Asia Pacific, Amazon Prime Video, Gaurav Gandhi said, “Our partnership with the I&B Department looks at every aspect of life and every aspect of the partnership to encourage the development of tourism. and we are confident about the ways it will open.
It is learned that during the meeting, the Minister requested the COMSO to stop the campaign as the government has taken action on this issue. in a meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs.
A case has been registered at Nongpoh Police station and the investigation is ongoing to track down those involved in this illegal act.
Since 2017, the GST has faced several challenges.
He has four children and used to work part-time as much as he could and because he has not lived with his children for many years he has slept until late at night.
At present, there are 1700 employees in the JHADC and this number of employees has put the JHADC office in a difficult situation to pay the salaries of the employees especially later. that coal mining was banned because most of the revenue was from coal.
The EMPOWERFEST-2023 was inaugurated by the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh in the presence of the Commissioner & Secretary, Pravin Bakshi and others.
This program will be attended by various Village Leaders.
As the people of Hynniewtrep, the ILP as demanded by the three political parties is the only weapon to protect the country and our minority, not like the Congress party which talks only in its Manifesto and forgets. lose your country and nation.
On this occasion, the Longkmie Gas Agency has also expressed its concerns and promised to improve the shortcomings faced by the people. There is nothing wrong with the sale of tyndong.
Shillong, Nailur 16: Answering a question by Adelbert Nognurum, the Minister of State for Agriculture and Rural Development, Sanbor Shullai, on Tuesday said that the Cattle Prevention Bill, 2021 in Assan has affected Meghalaya.
The government has had to hire a lot of staff at a cost of T.15 crore, T.38.9 crore for the testing in 25 Conra Care Centers and the cost of running the test. These ventilators are T.30.8 crore. He said that before the outbreak of the disease there were only four ventilators but now there are more than 200 ventilators and 79 ventilators have been installed.
What we should do about climate change is up to our youth.
It is to be recalled that the demand of the Seng to relocate the military base at Sonapyrdi is not new but has been demanded from time to time.
Shillong, November 04: The Rynjah Kur Football Tournament 2016 was held at Smit for several days.
“I would like to thank the Traffic Police who have worked hard to keep the vehicles running smoothly and also installed Mobile Patrolling because I have seen with my own eyes many vehicles overtaking.
Shillong, July 21: The AITC party will hold a meeting of all 36 candidates for the 2023 MLA election from Ri Lum Khasi on Tuesday in Shillong.
In his speech, the Minister appealed to the parents and caregivers of the children to help their children to reach their goals and to the children to be strong in the midst of difficulties.
“MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO Central Body.
The session had 16 debates in 22 days.
In this regard, the CoRP urges the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma to take immediate action to talk to the Assam government to protect its own land and especially the people on the border with Assam.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor today said that the turnout for the election of the new MLA from the 23-Sohiong (ST) Assembly Constituency has reached 91.87%. 90.46% of the candidates have been completed, according to the estimate received at 6 pm.
It is here that the national parties will emerge and in the future the national parties will become stronger.
North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday criticized the State Government for allocating 1.4 acres of land for the construction of houses for 342 households. The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) has held a meeting chaired by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) on Friday. Tynsong and Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, promised before the leaders of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) that the State Government has agreed to allocate an additional 1.4 acres of land in addition to the previous 2.14 acres. .
The meeting was conducted by Prof. MP Pandey, Department of Hindi and Prof. SK Srivastava, Vice-Chancellor, NEHU. History is not about History.
They were also shot dead by the Karbi rebels while they were plowing lyngkha in the Umlaphiah area below Mukroh village.
The High Command of the National People's Party (NPP) has approved the nomination of Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA from East Shillong Constituency and Minister of State for the Lok Sabha elections. seat will be available next year.
Also present on the occasion were the elders and longkmie from different villages of Mawryngkneng area.
Shillong, March 07: The National People's Party (NPP) today held a public meeting in the 27th Pynursla Constituency in the presence of its President Conrad K Sangma.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The Ministry of Agriculture today held a Sohphan Market Festival at All Saint Halls, where the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today launched the Draft Policy. The Jackfruit Mission was attended by the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
“The party appeals to all those who took part in the protest to refrain from taking any steps that violate the peace and order.
At this meeting of the CLP held today, they saw that the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in the rural areas, but the problem is that the testing of people is very low. to use the powers available such as the Rural Development Department, CHCs, PHCs to carry out this ban to prevent the spread of COVID-1
He said that the Governor and the Chairman have been suspended from their duties according to the rules.
These commercial vehicles can enter Khyndai Lad and Motphran.
Traffic will be closed on the Dhankheti-Don Bosco Square road from 8.45 pm until the end of the services.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today expressed his regret to learn that the students of the state have passed only 54% in the Matric results.
The Containment Zones will be marked by the District Administration on a micro after considering the directives of the MoHFW with the aim of preventing the spread of the disease.
The Chairman of the Board of Directors was Bah Robert G Lyngdoh, former Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Sumarsing Sawian, Bah Sumarsing Sawian, former Minister of Home Affairs. Shillong, Jymmang 11: The All India Food Processors' Association (AIFPA) in collaboration with the North Eastern Regional Agricultural Marketing Corporation Limited (AIFPA) has announced that it will hold a meeting to discuss the issue. (NERAMAC) will hold a workshop in Shillong on the issue of food production and how to attract foreign investors.
Those present on the occasion were the Chairperson, M.Kharkongor, Director of Health Services (MI), Dr.RO Budnah, Director of Health Services (MCH&FW). Joint Mission Director, NHM, Dr. D. Lyngdoh, Joint Director of Health Services (MCH&FW) who is also the Nodal Officer of RKSK, Dr. J. Lyngwa, Member, Meghalaya State Commission for Women, Dr. NG Shylla, and others. please work together.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Rangbah Shnongs of Umsning and Mawhati areas under the banner of the Umtrew River Protection Committee (URPC) together with the residents of the villages have protested against the dumping of garbage by the Ri Syiar Company. In Mawthei and Khyndai mer, they went to the water well today to shut down the company.
Shillong, Iaiong 16: The BSF troops in South Garo Hills District on receiving a tip that a smuggler of kwai from Bangladesh has arrived at Dampukaphal village, have launched a raid. 5000 kilos of heroin were seized from one of the houses.
“We will see how many days the Government will put this on the road.
The main fact is that many states in the North East share the border with Myanmar, he said.
In this incident, the guard of the office, who fought as hard as he could to extinguish the fire, sustained injuries to his leg.
“Despite the growth of the Christians and the many challenges they face, I bless them to complete the new church for the needs of the Christians in a timely manner.
However, we are surprised that the Minister has said that it is difficult for companies to buy land because the law does not allow it.
He said that regarding the incident in Lapangap, there are farmers whose crops have been damaged but the government will provide assistance.
“I don't want to work together in such a mess anymore because this will only bring unhappiness and I believe it would have been better for me to leave for the sake of the Commission and the welfare of the Commission. women.
Banjop Nongkhlaw (51-54kg) defeated Mohammed Bilal of Telangana by knockout in the first round.
It took a while to call the tender, but the Chief Minister has already told the Minister of PWD in charge of the house department to expedite the call of the tender. to start school next year and the construction of the hostel will start.
Leaders of the Khasi Students Union Mawkynrew Circle and Eastern Central inspected the road and found that the road was newly painted in October by Commander Slong, the contractor. and now it is all shilynter.
The purpose of Bah Process's visit to the meat processing plant was to consult with the Officers of the Department regarding the implementation of the project and to confirm whether the project has affected or destroyed the project. the nature as it is known by the paid bah of the area.
There are 56 varieties of plants that have been developed so far and out of these 37 varieties are related to rice planted in this area. These are the achievements of this agricultural research center for the North Eastern Region of India.
Shillong, Lber 22: The Chairman of the House Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the committee has already considered the report of the inquiry after three meetings. The report will be submitted to the Chairman of the House on these days.
The Mawbuh branch was led by Victor Lyngdoh as general secretary and the Tyrso branch was led by Puol Mujai and Linus Mujai in the presence of other members who are the office bearers of the party. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: Police today arrested Sanju Singh from Silchar and seized 2.771 kilos of amphetamine from his body.
The district administration today strengthened the security forces of special police in the Motphran area to ensure that there will be no more clashes in the area. that they may be together.
The college has been moved from Mawprem to Umsawli due to the small space in Mawprem which does not meet the requirements of the Medical Council of India.
Enroll and pay school fees or purchase books for at least one child as their own.
The arrangements for the receipt of this loan are still being worked out.
As mothers, we cannot be allowed to speak as we please.
He said that the shortage of schemes for the year 2018-2019 is due to the changes in the rules of implementation of schemes within the NEC and the Committee in charge of schemes. He said that the schemes will be announced once the approval is received.
On the other hand, the food distribution department cannot do anything, but it has to follow the government's census which is written once every 40 years.
The party has invited applications for those who wish to contest from the party in the Lok Sabha MP election.
Shillong, Lber 22: Replying to a request by the Chokpot MLA on the violence of the ANVC(B) members in the Chokpot market, the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, said: clarified that these people are prominent employees of the ANVC(B) and not members of the ANVC(B).
St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, which used to win many titles in the past years, but this year, only three students have entered the Top Ten, namely Ar. Meker Marpna came third, Amebaaihunsha Kharbhih fourth and Rilaakor Lamare fourth.
Of the 18 Parliamentary Secretaries appointed today, six are Independent MLAs and they are Bah Stephanson Mukhim, Justine Dkhar, Robinus Syngkon, Comingone Ymbon, Samuel M Sangma, Brigady Marak, Rophul S Marak, Michael T Sangma and Ashahel D Shira and others are Congress MLAs.
Damewanhi Rymbai, Secretary of the Dong, in his opening remarks, said that the MDC has allocated less than Rs 15 lakh for many development projects in the Dong through the schemes from the JHADC and from the own budget. He also submitted a memorandum to the MDC to request for assistance in the construction of the Community Hall of the Dong.
They were arrested under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act,
This journal is not published quarterly.
The funds were allocated during the UDP government when Dr Manmohan Singh was the Prime Minister and Sonia Gandhi was the Chairperson of the UPA government. Dr Mukul said that the Prime Minister of the country has inaugurated the road which was constructed during the tenure of Guwahati. In the field of health, the Meghalaya Government has launched the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme.
To our Government, social justice is a fruitful and necessary form of Government.
It may be recalled that the Rangbah Shnong of Jalaphet Bri Sumer was robbed and injured by a group of five robbers in a Maruti Gypsy while he was on his way in a Maruti Altohaka of Moopala.
New Delhi, June 22: The Minister of Industry and Trade of India, Anand Sharma today informed in the Parliament that the Central Government has provided various subsidies according to the the North East Industrial and Investment Promotion Policy (NEIIPP), 2007 .
He also spoke about the initiatives of the Government regarding digital payments and said that it is the Government that has made this easier.
“At present, to reduce the premature mortality of poor mothers and children in the state, it is necessary to understand the income of mothers and women through Self Help Groups.
Basumatary bought her own land in 1995-96 and in 1996 she received training in agriculture at the Bijni Sub-Divisional Agriculture Office.
Shillong, March 08: The Income Tax Department on 05.10.2021 conducted a search and seizure in connection with two groups from the North East and West Bengal.
Regarding the Corona Care Centre, the Civil Hospital Shillong, which has been converted into a Corona Care Centre, has been converted into a Corona Care Centre. There are 7014 confirmed cases.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that if all goes well, the places of worship will start opening in the first month of April.
It is also important to understand that there is no evidence according to scientists or health care providers to support this claim against mobile towers.
In his speech, Bah Metbah also spoke about the era of technology and urged the students to take advantage of the best that technology has to offer and also to be vigilant and avoid being misled. from the evils that technology brings.
Prof War I also blessed the KSU to continue to serve the nation better in the midst of many challenges and to be the bright stars of the country and the nation as a whole.
I thank Baba Saheb for all of us.
When he left the room of the Branch Manager, he warned him that when he left the bank, the Branch Manager would face problems.
The two-minute meeting was held at the Meghalaya Main Secretariat in the presence of Commissioner and Secretary Fredrik F Kharkongor, Wilfred Nongsiej, M War Nongbri and other government officials.
He said that until today there are protests because of these agreements and promises.
The KSU cannot forget the incident of the displacement of villagers to Sakhwei (Sahsniang) where the Assam government and its police were only spectators and if they had taken action, such an incident would not have happened.
“It will happen as it happens but we will stand firm on the ground that the government should implement the ILP,” said the Vice President of the KSU.
Police have taken up the case to investigate and track down the perpetrator.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Meghalaya High Court today heard a PIL No. 3 filed by CSWO President Agens Kharshiing in 2014 alleging that MLAs and the MDCs are not armed.
“We have found that there are some wine stores in East Jaintia Hills District which are open late at night and we are still looking into them and if we find them, “If they continue to do so after this warning, we will take strict action against them according to the rules of law,” said Bah MH Dkhar President of AJYWO Sengkmie.
Speaking on the Ministry of Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises, the Minister said that the Ministry is working hard to empower MSMEs to develop in a sustainable manner and to adapt to the circumstances of the country. around the world.
The second phase will be suspended from November 2016 to July
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Sustainable Development Initiatives (ASDI) together with the Social Welfare Department of Meghalaya will hold a fundraising drive on the 20th of this month. Rev Amirkha School in Mawlai.
He said the Government has decided to take many measures to promote economic development especially in tourism through the National Games
On November 19, 2023, the Meghalaya Lokayukta has appointed IAS IW Ingty as the Director of Inquiry and three MPS officers as members including Challang G. Momin, John Clitzer A. Sangma. and the Tree of Life.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed that no deaths have been reported today, bringing the total number of deaths to 1467 in the state.
LSA also conducts facility audits by testing the EMF signal at various locations close to these workplaces.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday suggested to the Director General of Police (DGP) Idashisha Nongrang that the Police Department should set up a Special Team of Police. Police who are well aware of the provisions of the NDPS Act so that if the Police arrest drug traffickers, when they come before the Court, the lawyers will not have reason to plead for bail. snar the drug.
This happened on the 24th of this month at about 12 noon.
In the K1 men’s category, Batskhem Nongbak finished in 6th position, Pynshngaiñ Kurbha finished in 8th position, Manbhalang Kharkrang finished in 9th position.
Shillong, November 13: The 3rd Meghalaya Open Softball Championship 2023 was inaugurated by Khroobok Passah, Assistant Director, Shillong. Finely Pariat, General Secretary of MSOA, MSA President Dr. Aman War, Denis Shabong, MSOA President Dr. Aman War and Denis Shabong were the chief guests. MSA and others.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah VGK Kynta said that this book compiled by the SP New Agency will be one of the books to help especially now that there is still a lot of struggle on the border between Assam and Assam. and Meghalaya.
P.Wanlirpih Action Committee, Chairman JACATAM, said that he apologizes to the Chief Minister for these remarks regarding his songs and dances, but don't sing the song that he likes. but he shall not sing for the songs of the people of the land.
We don't know that they will die because of the famine but now the biggest death toll is the death toll from the famine that will hit Jaintia Hills, especially. “It will happen soon if the NGT does not release the coal mining in Jaintia Hills,” said Bah Dkhar.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya urged the Union Minister to connect Shillong with the capital of India by a direct flight from Shillong to Delhi.
On the other hand, the Minister promised to expedite the work and it will start soon once the experts of the Sports Department have considered and decided to build the stadium for the type of sports, which is suitable for the location and the environment. in this area.
We begged and said please don't shoot us, after that they threatened my daughter that they will watch if she comes to Umkiang.
The sister of the deceased has also lodged a complaint at Nongpoh PS. The wife of the deceased was identified as Beena Sumar and her husband is still missing. A complaint has been registered under Section 70(06)2023 u/s 302, IPC.
Regarding the border with Assam, the KSU urged the government to take action on this issue as many talks have been held but it has not reached its goal.
“We are in talks with the Road Construction Department of the Central Government to expand the road from Jowai to Dawki via Amlarem and another Jowai By Pass which should be completed. go to the Tyrshi Head.
Therefore, in this regard, the JSU would like to clarify that when we want to strengthen the native language (Pnar) it does not mean that we should forget or reject the Khasi language or divide the nation. The Union fully supports the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the 8th Scheduled Language.
In his speech, Bah Banteidor said that the state government will launch a Mushroom Mission and the purpose of this is to encourage people to strengthen the cultivation of Tit for the development of Mushroom Mission. income in the state especially for the farmers.
He said that this election is important for the party to win so that the MDA government will be stronger.
He said that this book is a summary of this most important part of the Khasi language.
We, cannot interfere with the Police investigation.
On the other hand, the Samla Shnong Seng has donated a lot to the Dorbar Shnongs in bringing peace and order in the villages, and also to run the works smoothly in the villages.
The award was presented by Dr. Sumita Pandey.
Shillong, June 30: The General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, today sent a letter to the Vice Chancellor of the Hynniewtrep Youth University (HYC) demanding that The post of Professor in the University shall be appointed by the State.
The youths are angry with the State Government which has so much power.
The Governor said that the hard work and love of peace by the people of this country has brought about the development of the country in many aspects. and in the struggle for a permanent state was fought by all means without any conflict.
He also praised the role of the Ramkrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Center in its efforts to serve the youth in various ways.
Shillong, Nailur 23: U Bah Wellbirth Rani, convener of the 13 political parties, on Tuesday said that during their meeting, they have decided to hold a sit-in protest because the government has not done anything to start. Entry-Exit points in the State to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners.
All the belongings in these two houses were destroyed and surprisingly only the Bible was not burnt at all.
The Union Minister in charge of Home Affairs will visit Moreh and Kangpokpi in Manipur tomorrow.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman, today said that no new case of COVID-19 has been confirmed.
The Minister recalled that the Almanac was published after two years of suspension when the calendar could only be brought to digital platform.
We have changed the rules and now the Deputy Commissioners, without the approval of the Government, can distribute even the tin sop ing,” he said.
As a group we firmly believe and rely on the authorities and law enforcement agencies to take action and complete the investigation as soon as possible so that the public will know the truth.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The Meghalaya Urban Development Agency (MUDA), which operates the JNURM buses, has failed to respect the orders of the Ministry of Social Welfare.
Not only that, the painting had arrived in India in 1855 and there was no way to get the painting of Tirot Sing Syiem.
The MSCSO also met with Kyrmen Shylla, Local MLA and Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management Department on Monday to demand from them through a memorandum to provide and improve the stadium and other parts of the stadium. of the Dong of the Holy Spirit.
The Shad Suk Mynsiem was first held at Mawkhar, which was later moved to the Weiking Stadium and has been held to this day.
In the presence of Justice SR Sen and other government officials.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HYC Secretary Bah Roikupar Synrem said that the HYC has taken this step to hold a march of the youth of Hynniewtrep on this day as part of the campaign. Ardent has taken the initiative to sit on strike to force the state government to get its rights and to revise the reservation policy which has been implemented now. 50 years old.
On the other hand, he said that the country is the land of the shyiap and the land belongs to me and you. destruction shall come not only upon us, but upon the generations to come.
Referring to the PMGSY scheme, there are hundreds of kilometers of roads that have not been completed and the central government is ready to tarnish the reputation of Meghalaya. Hundreds of kilometers have been constructed and the central government wants to allocate another part.
“On the other hand, John has sent the same letter to the Chief Minister, Congress leaders SC Mawak, DD Lapang and all the Cabinet Ministers of the government. .
DAO 2.
Md. Ali Ahmed lodged the complaint with the Khliehriat Police Station last month.
The Deputy Commissioner of South West Garo Hills, Ram Singh, confirmed that the incident occurred but the injured were seriously injured and only one of them was taken to Nogorpara Hospital. The DC has been released after treatment. (SP News).
Regarding the number of samples taken so far, 1944 samples have been taken and 1822 samples have been negative and 110 results are pending.
Central Vigilance Commissioner Praveen Kumar Srivastava and other CBI and ED officers were present at the swearing-in ceremony. .
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has invited all those who are determined to join hands for the sake of development, peace and order. to everyone.
More than six months ago, the Lumdiengjri Traffic Police had to repair the GS Road in Lumdiengjri opposite the police station as it had caused difficulties to the traffic of vehicles. Heavy traffic jam due to the excessive deterioration of this road.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the religious leaders, Bah Tynsong said that the meeting was convened by the Chief Minister and all the religious leaders in Meghalaya attended the meeting. he came to this meeting.
He said that the electricity department should provide the light.
Shillong, November 09: The Congress party will win the 2013 elections.
I now call this road like a horse road.
On this occasion, we also looked back at the past to look at the great men of the country with hope and to look forward to how to lead the country with the strong ideas that have been marked by the leaders and now within the country. Under the leadership of Narendra Modi, the country is moving forward.
In fact, India is a democratic country.
The Harijans who live in the area, if they don't agree with what the government will give them, should return to their villages and townships where they came from. for them to take them away and buy them land not in Meghalaya but outside Meghalaya.
Regarding the documents, “There has been a decision of the Dorbar Shnong that no one can issue documents except the owner of the village and if necessary he can come and see the documents”. Speech by the Rangbah Shnong after a meeting with the DC,.
Speaking to reporters after the hospital received special recognition from the National Accreditation Board for Hospitals and Healthcare Providers (NABH), he said that the people are concerned about the quality of treatment. The MHIS card will be an assistance during treatment.
The letter of the Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs comes after the decision taken by the Central Government today, on the recommendations of the Empowered Group-II, which said that the supply of oxygen cylinders to factories should be suspended. 22.04.2021 until further notice to supply oxygen cylinders to health facilities across the country to save lives.
Regarding the mining lease in West Jaintia Hills, 11 mines have been issued by the government.
The KSU has been opposed to the railway line since 1988, on the grounds that if the railway line comes, it will lead to the migration of people from outside the state. there are no laws to protect the nation.
Speaking to reporters, he said that due to the inability of the government to improve the education sector since the previous governments, the education sector in the state has been deteriorating. down as the sun rises this is something sad.
“When the Government has compassion and responsibility to provide services to the people, we see such cases,” he said.
The raid started in the evening of the 30th and continued till today.
Therefore, the mass gathering to hold any protest has caused panic among the passengers and has disrupted the traffic of vehicles and disturbed the pedestrians, said the police. In registering a Suo-Moto Case against the leaders of these civil society groups, it was said that the leaders had spoken at the meeting in words that could cause ethnic differences.
The Hima Sutnga Youth Federation (HSYF) has demanded that the State Government should issue an order directing Cosmos Cement Limited to immediately stop the destruction and damage to the forests within the state. Sutnga District is located in the province of East Jaintia Hills.
“The Lokayukta shall appoint the Directors of these departments from among the names and Government employees sent and approved by the State Government.
“After 15 days, we will go to Khliehiew to check again and if there is formalin injection, we will not be allowed to sell the fish.
Lamphrang said that this year's festival will be very different from the previous festivals, as the MDA Government led by the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma, will support the Council in holding the festival. This festival is held in such a way as to promote the culture and traditions of the Khasi people.
Besides agriculture, they will also look for ways and means how to trade between the two countries and at the same time how to preserve the environment and in terms of rituals.
Of these, the first list of the NRC has produced only 1.9 crore names of indigenous people in Assam.
Regarding the lifting of the curfew in Police Bazaar and Anjelee, the people are not aware, because there is no public announcement, he said.
The Director General has visited the North Eastern States in recent days to gather information on the work of Prasar Bharati and its teams in the region.
The National Unity Day was concluded with the swearing-in ceremony by the Principal of the College, Bah J. Kurbah in the presence of the teachers, NSS Program Officer and all the students.
The body was taken to the Civil Hospital for post mortem.
Since the Government of India has only two months to take action on this, it is not yet ready to do so,” he said.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah HK Thabah, BDO Jirang C&RD said that the scheme for the construction of poor houses has been increased to T.1.20,000 from T.75,000 after the CM changed its name from IAY to T.75,0 PMAY, Old Age Pension Scheme for the elderly over 60 years of age, National Women and Disability Scheme for the deceased and T.250 per month, Small Farmer and Marginal Farmer Scheme for T.40,000 to T. .50 thousand for farmers, the Chief Minister Youth Development Scheme (CMYDS) for youth, the National Family Benefit Scheme (NFBF) for poor families, the Rashtriya Swasthya Insurance Yojana (RSBY) for the sick, the Swachh Bharat Mission for sanitation and MGNREGS, the 100 days employment scheme for job card holders and others.
territorial council.
When literacy was improved, the Khasi elders including Bah Jeebon Roy Mairom introduced the ' Ϊ ' and ' Ñ ' as the Khasi characters.
Shillong, Lber 03: The Nongkrem Youth Development Association (NYDA) will conduct a training on education for the citizens of Meghalaya.
There are many reasons why the KSU Malki Circle has banned the entry and exit of people into the Malki Forest, but the main reasons are that we want to preserve the drinking water sources, to preserve the beauty of the forest and The other reason is that we want to curb the illegal activities and unclean activities that are often done by people who come here to the forest.
The visit to Jowai began with a speech by the City Coordinator, DAY-NULM, Jowai, Kong Emica S.Rymbai who welcomed the officers of AMRUT, DAY-NULM, PHE and SHGs. part of this program.
Shillong, November 08: The Minister in charge of Information Technology, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that no complaint has been received against the websites of the Meghalaya government for not installing them. writing according to job availability.
On the 12th of this month, the Commissioner and Secretary (Education) said that the government will write to all the departments and governments of the central government to release Meghalaya from the annexation. Aadhar and scholarships for children.
The union also said that the government should listen to the concerns of the people because since 2020 during the lockdown due to the spread of COVID-19, the people are facing difficulties in providing food for their homes and commercial taxis are facing difficulties. It is difficult to pay vehicle loans to banks and to earn money from the owners of vehicles but after being allowed to earn money.
Speaking at the meeting, he said it is pleasant to see that such a meeting is still going on to fight for the preservation of the traditional religion among the Khasi.
Cell Broadcast is commonly used to deliver emergency alerts, such as severe weather warnings (e.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the Taxi Leaders, Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa, said that if the taxis charge too much, the people should lodge a complaint with the police and the union. he who has no work.
Answering a question on the entry and exit of political party leaders before the elections, Patel said that in the past 20 years, due to many corrupt governments, the entry and exit of political party leaders. MLAs from one party to another is true and this happens.
Aapjaise people are very happy.
Prizes of T.25,000, T.20,000 and T.15,000 were awarded to the first and third place winners.
There have been 33 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 32 from West Khasi Hills and 1 from West Khasi Hills.
The COVID-19 treatment centers will collaborate with five medical colleges for this treatment.
Ms Laloo in her speech said that the training was conducted to raise awareness among the public on how to prevent the spread of diarrhea as this disease is caused by water and this happens mostly to children who within five years and at the same time to raise awareness of the need to breastfeed children.
Everyone says that they have that vision for the future of the state, but the state will move forward only if the state has peace and these protests should end.
The last speech was delivered by the Speaker of the House AT Mandal. In their speeches, all the MLAs expressed their hard work for the development of the states. stand out in their own right.
On the Khasi-Jaintia Hills side, they want a review and they look at us as if we are against and on the Garo Hills side, they don't want to look back and they look at the Prime Minister as “But I would like to thank the Prime Minister because there are times in politics, for the sake of the unity of the state, It would be better if we lost the election but as a statesman, you have to decide what is right.
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that there is a need to improve the mining of coal in the state.
The NPP and UDP are part of the MDA and for that reason I said “Here without the BJP the MDA will fail and if now Conrad says that we don't need the BJP anymore we will stand on our own and rule ourselves. “It means that tomorrow the Conrad government will fail,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Before the training, the Meghalaya BJP Kissan Morcha held a free medical camp for children under the age of 15 years at Umsaw village. also the jersey hats.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Principal Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Bah DP Wahlang today announced that the Matriculation Examination of SSLC and Class XII Examination of HSLC will be held in October and June .
On the occasion, the President of the party, Conrad K Sangma, also launched the works of the party in the last three years in power. .
The French Consul General was impressed by the existence of these systems of government which had the trust of the people and did not think that they would still exist in this part of India.
Shillong, Lber 07: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that he has already ordered to convene a meeting of all political parties to discuss the peace and stability in the state.
At midnight, police raided his house on 17/5/2018 and arrested him and registered a complaint at Jowai Police Station, Case No 79(4)18 under section. 224 IPC. Do not go to the police station.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club today, he said that the purpose of this training is to encourage the students to understand in which areas they have their talents and to guide the students to develop their talents. reach the goal they have the goal.
K. Roy, Lead District Manager, East Khasi Hills, Shillong concluded the occasion by delivering a welcome speech on the history of the Stock Market in India in the past 75 years.
Other speakers on the occasion were Additional Chief Secretary KN Kumar, who said that the government has allocated Rs 18 crore for the Meghalaya Aroma Mission.
Shillong, July 25: Dr Manishi Dubey, CMO(SAG), Commandant, BSF Shillong Frontier, Meghalaya has been awarded the Police Medal for Meritorious Service on this occasion. to Republic Day-2018.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The Awaken India Movement (AIM) will hold a Quit India Movement program on the occasion of the 80th anniversary of the leadership of the Father of India, Mahatma Gandhi. he brought upon all the children of India.
Dr. Jitendra Singh said that he has been in regular contact with all the states of the North East for any needs and informed that the Ministry has started relief work in the event of the earthquake. I'm not sure what to do in Assam.
The Chief Minister said this during the Zero Hour meeting convened by VPP MLA Ardent Miller Basaiamoit on the threat of the Karbi Students Association (KSA) leader that it will happen like in Manipur if the land is lost. .
In this incident, the tree fell on an electricity post where it fell on a government SPTS bus and a private vehicle. and the house was built in this place.
Others are Mohendro Rapsang of Congress from Shillong West, Embhah Syiemlieh from UDP, Iehkupar Nongrum, Andy Lyngwa, Fairly Kharni and Phira Rani from BJP, Adelbert Nongrum from KHNAM, DP Iangju. M Lyngdoh and Professor Passah from the NPP and Bah Sounder Cajee as an independent candidate.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma on Friday will inaugurate the Ranikor Administrative Unit in Ranikor.
During the meeting, it was discussed how to improve the manufacture of these medicines and to prevent people from taking advantage of the knowledge of the people of this state in the field of medicines. pateng pateng for many hundred years.
Other speakers included Bah Boldestar Syiemiong, who has been appointed as the Acting Syiem of the Hima. The meeting was held on the 20th November 2011 without knowledge.
In the Under-15 Boys category, Little Star beat Rangthong Christian HR Sec School by tie breaker. In the Under-17 Women's category, Jakrem beat Jakrem 1-1 In the under-17 category, Tenset beat Mawjarain Presbyterian by a tie-breaker.
The State Government on Tuesday handed over the land for the construction of the Permanent Campus of the National Law University Meghalaya in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Judicial Academy (MSJA) through the Chief Minister. Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court and Chancellor of the National Law University, Meghalaya Sanjib Banerjee.
The decision was taken today.
The union requests the CAG to send an inspection to the source of the garbage to find out the truth where the garbage comes from.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the NKU, Samla Sylvanus Malai, said that the NKU is concerned about the presence of these 12 Chakki Mills in the district. to distribute to the people, because until now, the party has not known whether the people have received the ata as allocated by the government.
Under the ongoing Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra, the participation has reached 2,10,24,874 people in 1,08,500 Gram Panchayats and Village Authorities in urban areas, so far.
1061 hotspots have been activated till 8th April 2022 in North Eastern states.
When the no confidence motion was brought against the EC, the Chairman directed the members of the House to stand in their seats if they support the no confidence motion. When the members of the House stood up, it was found that they had the support of the members of the House.
Before the truck stopped, it also hit a tire shop but fortunately no casualties were reported as no one was injured inside the shop.
He said that if the government does not implement these demands by the 11th of December, these workers will take other measures.
Jowai, March 17: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai, on Tuesday said that the water pipes in the toilets and washing basins have been damaged. Besides these wires, many wires have fallen to the ground inside the classrooms and on the balconies. I am studying here at Kiangnangbah College Jowai.
It is surprising that the BDO of Ranikor Block, Bah F.Basan, has been given the authority to close down the office despite the working days.
He also informed the Chief Minister that there is a possibility to export the flowers from this area to other parts of the world in collaboration with the farmers of this area. He also held a meeting with the farmers on this day.
This year, the Department of Culture and Heritage has selected seven villages, such as Nongkynrieh, Mustoh and Wahkhen, which have been selected for shan khnam. , Yalong village which has organized the Nohsakhriat festival, other villages like Babadam which is suitable for drinking water.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has informed the Minister of DoNER that the tourist attractions in the state have started to increase again with tourists from all over the country.
The Chief Minister said that tomorrow morning he will explain at a meeting of all political parties on the implementation of the Roster in the state for the benefit of all the people who day that owns the state.
New Delhi, July 18: The Expenditure Department of the Union Finance Ministry today released a payment of Rs 6,000 crore as the 12th monthly payment to the States. Of this, Rs 5,516.60 crore has been released to 23 states and Rs 483.40 crore has been released to three Union Territories (UTs) with Legislative Assemblies (Delhi, Jammu). & Kashmir & Puducherry) who are members of the GST Council.
Regarding the prohibition of foreigners, the union has asked the CEM to think again when issuing or renewing trading licenses. They have received trading licenses to do whatever they want by bringing in their employees by foreigners from shops, contractors, factories and others who pass by the KHADC because they do not provide labor licences.
Many people who have been deceived are like shyieng Boit, Pillars, ancient money, and any other items that are too expensive.
Righteousness and morality are the highest in this world'
The Cabinet also introduced an amendment to the powers in the use of funds in the fourth schedule for the Meghalaya Public Service Commission. They have to take permission from the government to take over the examination centers of the students and to conduct the examinations.
The Prime Minister expressed his gratitude to the Central Government for this project and at the same time urged that the work should be completed as soon as possible for the benefit of the people.
The party is concerned about the absence of a law to prevent non-residents from taking part in the MDC election. of the nation and to protect the land.
One of the houses affected by the floods is the Agnanwadi house in Erlanthari, but most of the other houses have been destroyed by the tin sop. The ophs is now preparing to send death certificates to these families who have been affected by this natural disaster.
He said the publication of the names of the deceased children is also punishable under Section 74 (1) of the JJ Act,
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that there is a need for the cooperation of the people as well to promote sports in the state as a whole.
However, due to the stinginess and negligence of the Meghalaya government, the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council and the state of Assam have been able to exploit and oppress our people.
Even the marep that have been cultivated without medicine or fertilizer; they have not yet found a sufficient market to sell their produce at a reasonable price.
Dr Celestine Lyngdoh MLA Umsning and Bah Cominggone Ymbon MLA Raliang will replace the two ministers. .
Those who wish to join the BJP can call 8980808080 and follow the instructions and provide their name and address according to the instructions.
Delays in the implementation of these measures will affect the livelihoods of millions of people around the world.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Khasi Author Society (KAS) today held a meeting with the Khasi Author Society (KAS) today. The march was held as part of the 175th Anniversary of the Khasi Alphabet.
There are 675 recoveries, 79 recoveries today, 75 from East Khasi Hills, 21 from BSF, 3 from Army, 51 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from West Jaintia Hills.
During the visit, the CEM said that there are shops owned by foreigners and he directed the Enforcement Department to ask the owners to come and answer to the office whether they belong to foreigners. you have to show your Trading License.
It is from this drug that convalescent serums have been used to treat influenza in the past.
Deviani Singh alleged that her father, Suresh Singh, Director of Shillong Golf Club, has ties with the authorities.
Shillong, November 03: The Federation of People with Disabilities (FPWD) today held a three hour protest at the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat Shillong. demand their right to employment.
There have also been global upheavals that have put the country at risk because of economic reforms that have not progressed well.
Say you have 17 applicants.
He said that in Articles 17 and 18 of the MRSSA there are provisions to empower the Village Authorities, this is an issue that has been asked from time to time.
The UDP has decided to work hard for the Working President of the party, Bah Paul Lyngdoh to contest the MP election from the 1-Shillong seat.
The Minister said that after receiving information, he spoke to the district authorities and released these vehicles carrying jhur from Bhoi. He also said that in fact, agricultural vehicles from any part of Meghalaya should be allowed.
Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills, Mukesh Singh said that there were four policemen in the gypsy and they were patrolling the area from time to time but on this day the IED bomb exploded. which claimed the lives of two police officers.
Advising the members, Samla Lambok urged the members to be good examples to the young Hep, to be equally humble in character especially as members of the KSU as it teaches and to be especially fear of God and be ready at any time when the country demands.
If you remember, there is a vacancy for about five years to recruit doctors and after we set up the Health Recruitment Board, we can recruit up to 500 doctors in just three months,” he added.
With a female workforce of about 55%, [24]7 aims to further increase employee engagement by developing working practices that will encourage women to work.
The MDA delegation from Meghalaya led by the Prime Minister spoke to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi for about 25 minutes and during the meeting they discussed the amendments to the 14th Finance Commission.
At this meeting, it was stressed that there is a need for strong laws to prevent the influx of foreigners.
She also explained about the investment and assured that the farmers will get the right price.
Shillong, July 12: Despite the strict laws announced by the Labor Commissioner from time to time, the employment of children under the age of 14 years is still in place. in the state of Meghalaya.
At this meeting, the Chief Secretary of the state explained in detail what the government has done in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
According to the National Livestock Mission (NLM), up to T.4300 lakh has been allocated to the states of the region for the fiscal year 2016-2 They need to get 1000 piglets to keep in their farms and these pigs are able to grow quickly.
The ceremony came to an end today with the knia at Khlo Blai this morning.
He said that the Rangmaw Sub Center has been renovated at a cost of T.54 lakh while the Lyngkien Sub Center has been renovated at a cost of T.25 lakh.
Speaking to reporters, Bah L Marngar President of the union, said that they have chosen this day to hold the strike because this is the problem of the teachers and at the same time it is a day to honor teachers.
This Act prohibits the long-term stay of these foreigners and they can stay here as long as they wish.
The team will now prepare to face Rajasthan United on November 3 at 4:30 pm at the Deccan Arena, Hyderabad.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today announced that the fourth test of COVID-19 has been negative. you have 24 hours to test again.
New Delhi, Naitung 31: Union Health Secretary Rajesh Bhushan today chaired a meeting of Government officials to review the COVID-19 situation in 10 states – Kerala, Maharashtra, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu. Nadu, Odisha, Assam, Mizoram, Meghalaya, Andhra Pradesh and Manipur.
In his speech, Bah HS Shylla, former President of SRKBH, said that he has a vision that through this union we can work for the country and the nation.
(GDP).
The worst thing about this area is that the Dorbar Shnongs cannot do anything because it is under the jurisdiction of the Forest Department and foreigners can enter and leave at will without any restrictions,” he said. statement from the Seng.
Speaking in the House, the Prime Minister said that the government has estimated the expenditure to be T.11,893 crore and the expected revenue to be T.11,820 crore.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today said that all officers in the Gazetted ranks, Secretariat and Directorates should return to their workplaces from today. first.
Thousands of fans have come to witness the match between Shillong Lajong and Neroca FC. Shillong Lajong scored the first goal of the match through Daniel Goncalves in the 34th minute.
Imaia Shylla scored four goals alone and Rimika Khongkai scored one goal for Eastern West while Rimika Khongkai scored one goal for Eastern West. you are the King's Reward.
In the afternoon, a procession started from Lum Kalbari and passed through Laitumkhrah with songs and prayers from the Catholic community. sacrament.
At present, she has heard that the village will spend the village funds to release the bail of the Sordar Shnong and she will not allow it at all. shah pharep forty kinds.
COMSO once again calls upon all political parties to unite against the CAB. All political parties are urged to unite against the CAB without throwing stones at each other. They urged the party leaders to leave those party flags now and stand as one nation against the CAB. They requested the Chief Minister to continue to fight against the CAB. They advise the MPs of the state to work hard to fight against this plot.
While the central government pays them according to their performance, he said that ASHAs cannot be equal to government employees because government employees have time to work while ASHAs have time to work. according to the existence of works or by free will.
To despise and despise one's own culture is a shame and disgrace to the world.
N.Shadap said that the party stands on the basis of demarcating the border of the state and to look after the life and death of the people, not only within the Bri u Hynnietrep but also abroad. The Seng also visits and meets with our fellow citizens, how can they violate our rights if in any way, as the Seng demands the Khasi Jaintia Land so that it will bring benefits to us. you are a long-term inheritance.
Shillong, March 31: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today confirmed that 70 people have tested positive for COVID-1 5, North Garo Hills 4, West Jaintia Hills 4, South Garo Hills 1, South West Khasi Hills 1, the total number of cases is
Friends, the country is full of medicines, food items and other essential commodities and we are working quickly to overcome the problems in the delivery of these commodities to various places.
In North Garo Hills, Elbarth Marak from 25 Damascus, Rakman Ch Marak from 24 Bolsong and Samarson M Marak from 26 Kharkutta will contest.
"“(However), I don't see any Minister, not even the Prime Minister or other senior Ministers.
Speaking to reporters, Winson Well Kharringi, members of the HNYF alleged that there are people who collect taxes from these shops at the rate of 3000 per month without issuing proper license to these shops. store.
The SP News Agency has asked the Prime Minister's Office to confirm the meeting with the civil society on the uranium issue. There will be a meeting this morning with the civil society on the Uranium issue at 10 pm”.
The Supercare Hospital has reached great heights as it is the first and only hospital in the North East to receive the NABH Certification for Nursing Excellence.
Mairang, Nailar 26: After receiving a complaint regarding the holding of fish competitions by some residents in various fish ponds in Eastern West Khasi Hills District where the entry fee is not less than 500/- ( Five hundred) tyngka per capita and a prize of not less than 15,00,000/- (Khatsan Lak) tyngka.
From that day on, Bah Snenglem Alfred Kurbah will have nothing to do with the Syngkhong Rympei Thymmai and those who have anything to do with him will do so on their own responsibility.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya Police have been strengthening their fight against drug trafficking in the state and the police have arrested the traffickers with the cooperation and support of the people.
The purpose of the meeting was to repair the Umiam-Umtru Stage-III Power Station and Kyrdemkulai.
According to sources, the DC(A) has already provided the requirements according to the rules and what remains now is to send it to the Governor for approval. It is understood that the Governor has approved the names of the EMs in the JHADC on the first day of the month. “There is a delay in sending the names of the EMs to the Governor. “I have sent back to the JHADC to resolve this delay and after resolving this, the government will send the names of the EMs. to the Governor for approval".
To date, 7,281 schools (55%) and 2,442 (53%) anganwadi centers in Meghalaya have received water tanks.
Chairman of the State Planning Board, Bah Lambor Malgniang was also present on the occasion.
In the petition, the union said that it is the Shillong Municipal Board that has not been able to monitor and inspect from time to time that this place has become a haven for drug addicts. and until it became a brothel.
Shillong, Lber 27: The NTPC National Ranking Archery Tournament 2023 concluded today at the SAI Training Centre, NEHU, Shillong.
Cornad was present from home to the service inside the church and until the funeral at the cemetery in Tura.
As it is known, only the District Council can fight to preserve the customs and traditions of the land, forests, trade and language.
The Meghalaya Institute of Entrepreneurship is another government body focused on the development of private sector and the training of the people of the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The President of the KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit, Samla Ohibait Dkhar, on Tuesday said that the KSU strongly opposes the state government's plan to bring back the 30 trucks carrying coal from the state government. Your state Assamban is your state.
In the case of corporate tax, the tax rate is 19.5%.
The KSU has demanded that the government should release these two members of the KSU without any restrictions. .
The demand for Mawsynram Civil Sub Division was made 20 years ago but it was only from the civil society.
The two victims were identified as Luckystone CH Momin and Akil D Sangma.
In this regard, they also felt that the government should set clear guidelines so that there will be no delay and stinginess from the District authorities to do the work that should be done through these Committees.
Many farmers from Umtangling, Umsyntung, Mensain, Pynthor, Umshaw and other villages in the area have been affected by the collapse of the irrigation dam. they are the house of the area.
Two of the injured were taken to hospital, but one of them died at the hospital and the other was taken to Silchar Medical College for treatment.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Balen Thubru.
Another bus number ML01-7374 will leave Nongstoin at 6.45 pm from the parking lot at Nonbah, Nongstoin.
The main objectives of this media tour were to enable journalists to see for themselves the progress of various central government schemes implemented in Meghalaya.
Shillong, November 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that it is a victory for the farmers of Meghalaya that the soh niamtra from Ri Khasi has been exported to Arab countries. in Abu Dhabi.
Hr.Sec, School, Mawkyrwat.
Shillong, Lber 08: U Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem of the HSPDP today was elected as the Deputy Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) without any opposition.
On the part of the Paiem and the Principal, they congratulated Bah John F Kharshiing, who took the responsibility to initiate the registration.
Ed exams 2015.
Earlier, the ADC & PD, DRDA, RZD Shira, who is also the District Nodal Officer for the Visit Bharat Sankalp Yatra, explained the objectives of the program and the various activities carried out in the district during these years. He also urged the Government departments to continue their efforts to connect with the people until they reach the goal of delivering all the major schemes to all those who should benefit from them.
Because of the presence of the army, there have been many violations of human rights.
Shillong, November 18: The Meghalaya Speed ​​Skating Association (MSSA) has concluded the 2nd Meghalaya Open Speed ​​Skating Championship 2023 with 50 participants.
Shillong, Lber 06: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Sengkmie, which has been monitoring the working of various government departments in Jaintia Hills from time to time, has expressed its appreciation and congratulations to the department. PWD which ensures the quality and safety of roads for all types of vehicles in the country.
The KSU has also sent members of the KSU under the leadership of Samla Vincent Makri and other members of the KSU to welcome them and bring them to Shillong.
Shillong, July 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today met with Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan at Raj Bhavan Shillong. as a mark of respect.
In a statement sent by Commander Shangpliang President of the HFU, on the 4th November 2019, the HFU has announced that this day will be a day to commemorate the Meghalaya Farmers Day or Meghalaya Farmers Day.
Before the distribution of these aid items, the KSU has held a short meeting at the Dorbar Shnong Nongmynsong, Shillong in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Phrang Warjri and the former Secretary Shnong. or Ananias the Apostle.
The meeting was attended by senior officials of the state government.
On the other hand, the university understands that if it doesn't have a fully equipped school, it will not be able to gain the trust of the people but now that it has a fully equipped school, the people should not have any doubts. this university though is privately run.
The 2nd of March, which is the birthday of Mahatma Gandhi, was also celebrated as a cleanliness drive at Mawkhma village in Sohra.
The Union Home Minister and the Prime Minister of India have been informed of these incidents.
This issue should have been discussed before the land owners on the border with Bangladesh but they did not do so and left.
Besides, Meghalaya is experiencing heavy rainfall and there is a risk that water could enter the tanks especially the tanks of motorcycles.
Within the containment zones, a strong border will be maintained and only essential activities will be allowed.
Domestic workers should be included in the list of employees in accordance with the notification issued in the Minimum Wages Act, 1984, and the minimum wage should be implemented.
This program has been arranged so that they can show them the opportunities even if there is no opportunity to study but to get the opportunities to be trained.
One of the issues that concerns the job seekers is the Backlog Reserved Vacancies.
Youths from Sohrarim, Nongtraw, Diengsong, Ladmawphlang, Dewlieh and Mawjrong came to take part in this discussion.
Other party office bearers were also present to witness the event.
"The CAS has also informed that the participants of the rally can park their vehicles in the grounds of St. Edmunds School, St. Edmund's College, Monreau Institute of Integral Training, Christ King's College, St. Anthony's College, Shillong, St. Marys School, St. Margaret's School.
Shillong, March 12: The Shillong YMCA will hold a three-day youth meeting at Umdihar, Ri Bhoi District from the 14th to the 16th of this month.
Shillong, Nailur 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, who is the Chairman of the Cabinet of Ministers to oversee the work of the government, on Tuesday said that all the differences are the same and there are three parts. work your own way.
Jowai, Naitung 08: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has ordered all those who illegally collect money from truck drivers to go to Tamabil Land Custom Station on National Highway-40 (E) near Khar Lamin and Sohkha village. They shall immediately stop collecting money on the streets without the permission of the Government.
He used his new skills and talents in his teaching methods.
MHIS was launched in 2013 and since then, it has benefited the people of the District and the State as a whole by assisting them in paying for medical treatment in hospitals. especially the poor people of the district.
Sensitivity to oil prices is an example of this.
The meeting also discussed the demands to be taken to the government by the farmers at the meeting of the Meghalaya Farmers Parliament in
While their participation has increased, the gender gap in these occupations has not diminished and remains at 7%.
Shillong, Iaiong 05: The hearing on the Central Government's request to amend the Sixth Schedule has ended today. According to information received, the District Councils of Meghalaya have refused to send any written notice on the 20th of this month. The Council has agreed that the deadline set for today and if they fail to submit their comments by today, the District Councils of Meghalaya will accept what has been set by the Central Government.
Shillong, July 23: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Lawsohtun Unit strongly condemns the murder of Hapish Nongbri, a taxi driver, in the past few days.
Many of the MLAs do not know when the swearing-in ceremony of the Leaders of the State Legislative Assembly will take place tomorrow. .
For the Tura seat, the candidates include incumbent Tura MDC Bernard N. Marak, former MLAs Winnerson D Sangma and KC Boro, former Boston MDC Ria Sangma. and Thomas Marak.
On this occasion, political party leaders from various political parties paid their last respects to the Archbishop today and the funeral service will be held tomorrow morning at Laitumkhrah Cathedral.
At another public meeting held at Congnapara, Conrad said that Botham K. Sangma has been able to convey the concerns of the people in the House.
This decision was taken at a meeting held between KHADC CEM Pynïaid Sing Syiem and KAAC CEM Dr Tuliram Ronghang in the presence of Karbi Anglong MP Horen Singh Bey.
In terms of promoting Meghalaya's products, manufacturing and inheritance, the State Government, in collaboration with Invest India, is trying to set up a market for manufacturers, a Unity neMall. .
Turning to the eastern part of India, the CAA is increasingly violent and threatens the indigenous peoples in this region.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of Culture and Heritage, Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of Agriculture, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA Metbah Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board and MLA from Mairang.
On the other hand, the family members of the victim have condemned the police for taking stingy action.
The EC meeting today decided that the fish ponds of KHADC at Lailad in Ri Bhoi District will be investigated and how to turn them into fish ponds. The scheme has been handed over to the EM in charge of preparing the scheme.
The BSF has taken seriously this issue as it is necessary to curb the attempt to smuggle illegal drugs from India to Bangladesh. Bangladesh.
The celebration was organized in collaboration with the Northeast India Mission Association Children's Home in East Khasi Hills District. food.
Shillong, Lber 09: Answering a question by Dr Jemino Mawthoh on the government's suspension of light bills and non-payment of light bills, the Minister of State for Electricity, Bah Sngewbhalang Dhar, said: The Minister said in the House that the light bill that MePDCL should pay is T,527.07 crore to the four power generation companies.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah T Lyngwa, told SP News Agency that they have not yet received the exact information on how many people have been injured. office go to the scene to find out the truth.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: U Bah Titus Chyne MLA of Sohra today informed the public that he has called a meeting to discuss the ban on coal mining in Sohra tomorrow morning at the village headquarters at 3 pm. I'm not sure what to do.
Others who attended the meeting were Shemphang Pakem, Pala Village Head, Leo Paslein, Khahnar Village Head, Starship Paslein, Kseh Village Head, Kynmo Chyrmang, Samasi Village Head and other religious leaders. this area.
Shillong, July 16: According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, more people have been diagnosed with COVID-19 than those who have recovered.
All these villages fall under the Ranikor C&RD Block.
I believe that you don’t have to leave any state to access resources.
Regarding the issues that will arise in the border demarcation in Langpih, Paul said, “The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has suggested to build a Police Outpost in this area so that “He said that he has already talked to the Minister of Home Affairs to increase and strengthen the police force to patrol the district.
In a brief speech, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government has decided to continue to support the District Councils in the state.
On Lower Lachaumiere Road opposite the DIPR office, the collapse occurred in the middle of the road, disrupting the traffic of four-wheelers and two-wheelers.
In the complaint, police said that Rahul Kr.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan, Meghalaya, in collaboration with the Meghalaya Cycling Association, will celebrate World Bicycle Day as part of the Azadi Ki Amrit Mahotsav. to 'Cycle rally'.
This act of a policeman in uniform was seen and spread through video.
Kitdor said that the distance of the C&RD block has affected the Mawhati area as it has prevented development works from being carried out in these areas. Mawhati area is to strengthen the ownership of the dates in this area as it borders with Assam.
Shillong, Nailur 12: With the aim of improving education in Nongkren Constituency, MLA Lambor Malngiang has launched the Nongkrem Constituency Academic Excellence Award
Replying to a supplementary question by Zentih Sangma, the Chief Minister said that after the ban on coal mining in 2014, there was a census of the coal reserves. The amount of coal allocated by the owners is 1.34 Core MT and after the NGT has taken the estimate and put that the remaining coal is 95 lakh MT. They have requested the government to have another measurement and after the measurement, it has been sent to the High Court and it has accepted that the remaining unmeasured coal is 32 lakh MT.U Myntri Rangbah said that the difference is about 40 lakh MT from the 2015 census, this is not a new census but it has been in existence since 2015 which has been approved by the After receiving the permission of the Supreme Court of India, the Government has spoken to the NGT and many of the rules that have to be followed are from this. The government has been able to resolve the issue by getting two depots in East Jaintia Hills, one in West Jaintia Hills, one in South West Khasi Hills and one in South Jaintia Hills. Garo Hills District.
Shillong, March 28: The Book Line, a company from Kolkata, which sells books in various types of books, holds the Book Fiar in Shillong every year. This year it started on the 18th and ended on the 27th of this month.
At the time of writing, the names of the deceased are still unknown and police are still searching for the suspects.
From the discussion, it became clear that Bangladesh wants to have Border Hats which will be opened soon at Ryngku, Bholaganj and Gumaghat and Huroi is still being arranged.
It is prohibited to draw on walls, posters or books of any obscene nature, to erect cut-outs, hoardings, banners in public places or in the grounds of public places without the permission of the public. owner of the house and approval from the office of the Deputy Commissioner.
Police received a tip at 2 pm that she was planning to escape from the jail especially those members of the rebel groups. They immediately went to the scene to investigate and during this visit they waited for a 16.5 feet high tyllai to go outside the jail.
West Jaintia Hills.
The deceased were identified as Maureen Kharshiing, 50, of Golflink, Evol G Syiemlieh, 78, of Quallapatty and Jatin Singha, 52, of Lumiawblot.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Bishwa Sharma has met with Conrad Sangma to plan how to form a government in Meghalaya as soon as the MLA results are announced. elections.
Those who remain to be born are Hame Shaniah Suiam and Monica Nongrum.
The MPLU said that the whole of India has been strictly restricting the movement of people even in the remote areas. Assam is a red zone in the midst of the fear of the people of the state against this disease.
The CEO of Meghalaya has launched this campaign to encourage the people to turn out to cast their votes for the Lok Sabha MP.
“The report confirms that Albendazole containing batch no.
The District Magistrate, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh has announced that Section 144 CrPC has been enforced which prohibits the parking of more than two commercial vehicles or coal trucks in one place along this road. within the Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Nailur 12: Answering a question by Bah Plastingwell Pangniang MLA of the HSPDP from Rambrai, the Chief Minister of Assam, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Assam government has refused to set up a boundary commission to resolve the issue. It is located on the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
Replying to a supplementary question by Zenith Sangma, the Prime Minister's Secretary said that MeECL has not been able to run the Corporation from its own source and that is why it has had to take loans.
Police have also arrived at the scene and have now been able to enter the scene to stop the riots.
This group can be from within the state or from outside the state.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of East Garo Hills said that there was no such threat that there was food in the market.
The Deputy Commissioner said that this order is in continuation of the decision issued on 25/7/2021 that all banks and post offices will be closed tomorrow morning in East Khasi Hills District.
After the KSU has completed the construction and opening of the single tin house as a sign of invitation to the Khasi brothers and sisters to stay in the area today.
In a letter sent to the Union Minister, Dohling said that the Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources has issued an environmental clearance to M/s Star Cement Meghalaya Ltd at Brishyrnot in East Jaintia Hills District. Strong opposition from the residents of the area and civil society groups.
It is understood that during the questioning, Agnes explained what happened.
There are more than 6000 students and foreign workers who have returned to the state and registered themselves. There are 3,000 people, all of whom have been ordered to stay at home until the end of the term.
Police said that on the night of the 14th of this month, a youth named Lambha Nongrum, 25, of Smith village, went missing from his house. He was found injured and taken to Nazareth Hospital for treatment.
The Gujarat ATS, NCB and Indian Coast Guard in collaboration have seized three heavy seizures of drugs worth T 892 crore in three days.
The Seng also supports the opposition of the Dorbar Shnong Lawmali on this issue and Shen said the Seng will discuss what action to take if the CRPF and Shillong Municipal Board do not back down from the attempt to skud land. and destroy this river.
Instead of writing “Elected”, it was written “Nominated” by this mistake on the part of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khaswi Hills who was appointed by the Governor to complete this task. MDCs in KHADC today.
Shillong, July 06: The President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District, Samla F Kharkamni, on Tuesday strongly condemned the police's continued arrest and rape of its members. I don't know what to do.
Also present on the occasion were the Waheh Shnongs and Secretary Shnongs of Iooksi and Saphai.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Synod College Shillong today held a ceremony to honor the students who have completed their Graduate degree
The policy aims to release 66 small oil production sites operated by National Oil Companies (NOCs) to open up opportunities for the private sector to introduce new technologies. investment and new methods to increase oil and gas production by adopting Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR/IOR) methods.
After the arrival of the Governor, Ganga Prasad, who was the chief guest at the inauguration of the project.
The General Secretary also welcomed the Principals of the schools and students who took part in the programme. BM of SBI Amlarem Branch and special to Bah B.Rynjah.
Speaking at a public meeting held at Umjapnih, Umlaper in Ri Bhoi District, Dr Mukul urged the people to work with the TMC to overthrow the BJP-led MDA government. At this meeting, the leader also discussed the issues of boundary settlement, in relation to the teachers who have faced problems.
The most important thing is that there should be a strong will from the political side, to relocate them from this place to a better place should be on the grounds and the KHADC will provide. to the support.
Speaking at the meeting, Simon Peter Dohling, Officer, Meghalaya Postal Division, explained the benefits that the people can get through the postal and rural life insurance products.
The union strongly condemns the statement of the Chief Minister that the students who participated in the Meghalaya Landlords and Verification Bill should be investigated. opposition to the bill which aims to destroy the indigenous people.
Zenith said that it is not that they are against the current CMD, but the problem is that because he has left the Taxation Department, he has a very heavy job as Commissioner, and then in the Mining Geology Department. It will be difficult for this person to concentrate on his work because as human beings there is a slowness when it comes to work.
An elderly man from Umsamlem, Ri Bhoi District, has been tested positive for a false positive test.
The Minister also urged the new teachers to start their career with the right mindset because as teachers it is not only to provide education but also to be the change agents. the lives of children under their care.
“The ILP is the issue of the nation and as elected leaders we don't want to remain silent, the nation is better than the seat we sit on,” said Bah Nongsiej.
The first victory was held by the Association for Yoga and Meditation (AYM) in Rishikesh, Uttarakhand on the occasion of the International Day of Yoga on July 21,
The Prime Minister said that it is true that the civil society has expressed its concern why this has taken so long because the issue of setting up Entry and Exit Points has started from the beginning. in 2014 and you have taken a shisha.
Wreaths were laid in front of the monuments to the heroes of the state by the officials.
And the pop that was worth more than the khar kaia.
Addressing the 71st plenary session of the North Eastern Council (NEC) here, Shah also said that under the leadership of PM Modi, not only the distance from the Northeast to Delhi and the rest of India has reduced due to the creation of infrastructure, but the difference of hearts has also come down.
He said that the introduction of corrugated galvanized iron sheets instead of CGI sheets has explained that CGI sheets are heavier while these aluminum sheets are stronger and better. to last longer than CGI sheets that can be quickly folded.
Shillong, July 26: U President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sohiong Zone together with four other members have been charged today before the Sardar Police Station.
According to the price set by the Central Government, the minimum price should not be less than T.10000/- and this has been handed over to the Revenue Department to look into what needs to be done.
He also expressed the hope that this school which was inaugurated today will help to improve the quality of education at this school for the benefit of teachers and students as well.
In Shillong, the Khasi Students Union (KSU) has laid a wreath in front of the Mot Kiang Nangbah at Barik opposite the Civil Hospital Shillong.
Regarding the seniority of MDCs, he said that some MDCs have gone to the High Court for this purpose and there will also be a proposal to amend the Administration Act on Elaka. , by the Administration of District  Act 1991.
He said that most of the income of the state depends on agriculture in many parts of the state.
It is not known what these people need in North Garo Hills but these people did not come in the past when there was no railway.
On the other hand, the MLA of the area appealed to the insurgents who kidnapped the father of Father Francis to release him immediately without any injury.
Gour was appointed to assist the state in looking after the laws.
Hundreds of residents of Umden area, Ribhoi District on Tuesday arrived at the funeral home of Kong Bindas Syiem at the Parking Lot opposite the Additional Secretariat Office, Shillong. He strongly condemned the MDA Government for its blindness regarding the deterioration of the Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur road.
Even until now, households that need light and water, cannot get it without getting an occupancy certificate from MUDA, but it has introduced more and more households with this scheme to encourage the residents to build an occupancy certificate. ways to include our villages in it.
To fight against this and to raise awareness among the people about the dangers of drug abuse, the FKJGP will hold a Peace Rally on the 26th of this month.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District said that these markets will not be open from 4.00 pm to 4.00 pm and this will be effective from tomorrow morning.
Shillong, July 22: The CSWO has urged the people of Meghalaya who have households who do not have Ration Cards to register with the CSWO to take the necessary action.
To open a Spawn Laboratory at the Mushroom Development Center in Meghalaya to promote mushroom production and provide training to farmers and entrepreneurs.
However, it is sad to know that according to what appears in the media, the Minister of Law and Justice has said that “no political parties have sent their comments yet,” said the Working President of the Ministry of Law and Justice. KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah in a statement sent to the media on Tuesday.
Shillong, July 24: Opposition Leader Dr. Mukul Sangma today visited Rongara and Siju areas which have been severely affected by the earthquake. slap these days.
The meeting was to urge the government to provide protection to the people who have been living in this area since 1853 and since 1954 they have received their right to elect their leaders to the House. Parliament and also to the State Legislative Assembly.
In a letter sent to the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, the four ministers wrote, “We are the Village Authorities of the four villages on behalf of the residents of Thiepdiengngan, Nongkynbah and Nongpdeng Kenbah. and Sarin, we are pleased to write, to tell, and to appear before your majesty, about the problems that our citizens have faced in these years.
The Secretary of the Indian Journalists Union, Geetartha Pathak, in a statement at the meeting, pointed out many of the challenges faced by journalists in many areas in providing information to the public. and at the same time to strengthen public administration.
After the party submitted a memorandum to the Chief Minister on 23.02.2017 and also after distributing the same memorandum to the political parties and MLAs of Bri Hynniewtrep to seek their support , now the party The party has prepared other protests.
The aid was funded by the Central Government with the aim of helping the people on the border with Bangladesh.
In Ranikor, Martin M Danggo of the NPP, Jackiush Sangma of the Congress, Pius Marwein of the UDP and PN Syiem of the PDF have been elected. The North Eastern Council has allocated T.43 crore for the project.
Many leaders from various political parties who spoke on the occasion said that the purpose of this public meeting is to raise awareness on the need for this Act to protect against corruption in this state.
Shillong, March 09: There are 81 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 40 cases in West Khasi Hills and 40 cases in West Khasi Hills. 25 cases, 1223 cases are still in critical condition so far.
Police said that Sanbor Rani was arrested by the police in the past few months for breaking into a vehicle and shooting a policeman at Mawlai petrol pump.
At this public meeting, he said that the central government should take measures under this Act to provide protection to the minorities of the North East including Assam.
Speakers on the occasion included Bah K. Rani, Block Mission Coordinator, Mawkynrew Block and others.
Shillong, November 21: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District has enforced Section 144 CrPc across the district to ban the mining of coal.
Jowai, Nailar 23: The Behdeinkhlam festival of Raij Mukhla has come to an end today with 9 kirots arriving at the RaijMukhla festival in Mukhla village. The Daloi of Nongbah Elaka is in charge of the Raij Mukhla.
However, in 2012, they abolished this rule and enacted this policy in the 6th Schedule area.
Shillong, July 26: The BSF today took to the streets of Shillong to express their opposition to drugs and human trafficking.
Shillong, March 09: The Chairman of the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) Charles Pyngrope today said that the committee today convened two government departments, the health department and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The Forest Department to inquire into the report submitted by the CAG in the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
Both Acts shall provide for the payment of 10 percent or 3 percent of the fee for drawings or drawings by Architects and Engineers. developers will have to keep 10% to 15% courtyard, both Acts have strict requirements for buildings two storeys above, both will have parking restrictions, both will limit the how to set up shop.
On the allegation that it is a political drama, Adelbert asked who made the drama and who announced the mid-term elections to remove them from Them Metor.
He therefore urged the believers to practice what they believe and live according to what they preach.
The Archbishop said that as mothers who are the leaders of the family, they should live by deeds and not by words. work and in a state of peace.
Shillong, March 26: The Sports Department of Meghalaya has invited applications from the Kiang Nangbah Award for the Kiang Nangbah Award. The Meghalaya Day Celebration will be held on 21st July
Shillong, Nailar 24: The President of the CSWO, Agens Kharshiing, has sent a complaint to the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) regarding the death of two men at the Jowai Police Station.
Of the five most serious diseases that affect human life, smoking is associated with seven of these five diseases.
He said that two or three days before the bomb blast in Them Iewmawlong, Bah Tarson was inside the village.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills, Bah PS Dkhar today called for a meeting with the Village Leaders of Mylliem, the Seng Khasi Sengkmie and the Syiem of Mylliem, Pa'im Ricky Nelson Syiem. to resolve the issue of the burning of the leader of the Khasi National Union, Bah Kulam Nongrum.
They met with the DC because they can no longer listen to the complaints of the people due to the excessive deterioration of the road.
“This is a violation of the decision taken at the meeting held on 31st June, 2023 and is also the wrong path.
Mairang, Naiwieng 11: The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice Dinesh Maheshwari today laid the foundation stone for the construction of a courthouse at Mawsawa, Mairang Civil Sub Division. Mairang in the presence of Roshan Warjri Minister of Law and Government.
Speaking on the sector of innovation and technology, Union Minister Sarbananda Sonowal said, “Under the able leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modiji, India has been at the forefront of research and development. economic development, and implementation of existing technologies for the betterment of businesses and enhancement of efficiency.
The government alone cannot do this and it is the responsibility of the people to cooperate with the law enforcement agencies.
At the same time, the SP of East Khasi Hills District said that what happened on social media to say that a body was found is not true because they have searched the place. and ask the villagers if there is no such thing.
The meeting will be held on the 19th October 2022 at Madan Malki near Dhanketi, Shillong from 10 am onwards.
Police have conducted an investigation and found that the robber lives in Mawblei. Police have raided the house and arrested him. A complaint has been registered with the Sardar Police Station C/No.196(07)2023 U/s 452/326/392 IPC. ATM card, during the investigation, it was confessed that he had committed the robbery. It was reported that the ksair was sold to a bnia in Mairang. gold from the moon and the robber was sent to court to do what was right according to the law.
This group of young people, whom many called the Voice of Angels, has become very popular.
Amit Shah has directed the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) and the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change (MoEFCC) to take precautionary measures to prevent forest fires.
The meeting will also discuss the deterioration of the road which has put the people in the midst of a lot of trouble in coming and going, especially carrying the sick to the hospital. Shillong to receive medical treatment, said Bah R. Marwein Secretary.
Shillong, November 16: U Prime Minister of India today during his second visit to Meghalaya, met with religious leaders of Meghalaya at the Airforce Landing Ground, Upper Shillong.
The migration of people from other places around the country to their own places is very high.
The smugglers tried to smuggle them into Bangladesh from the area, but when they saw the BSF troops, they fled the area and threw their clothes into the forest. They fled the scene under the Dangngar Police Station.
In order to address these issues, the Council has decided to set up a Special Committee headed by the CEM together with EMs, HFU, traders and Chiefs including Syiems and Sardars to discuss. The problems of farmers in all the districts.
The first President of the AIPC, Dr Lari Azad, was a strong leader, the founder of the ship. It has about 10,000 (Shiphew thousand) writers and poets from all over the world.
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss how to improve the health facilities in these two districts in the fight against COVID-1 COVID-19 testing center is currently under consideration.
The statement directed the police department to take action in relation to the killing of the employee and to submit a report to the MHRC within 15 days. event.
The Minister of State for Law, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, could not take any decision in the meeting with the leaders of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday. who turned up at the Secretariat for the second time to protest against the removal of three officers from the Meghalaya Lok Ayukta.
Jowai, July 02: Through an RTI request from Saipung Block on 29/10/2013, the KSU Myntriang Unit has found that the Rangbah Shnong/Secretary VEC Ma Wolding Lamurong, along with government officials, has embezzled money. 5,14,900 from the NREGS scheme, which belongs to Myntriang Village, in the years 2010-11 and 2012-1
Police of Umsning Out Post have been informed of the incident. The loss has been estimated at Rs.
Furthermore, the party does not oppose the Committee on the relationship between the Pnars and Karbi as well as other ethnic groups on the border. The union would like to ask the committee why our government has not been able to bring the benefits as they expect from the Assam government.
Nityanand Rai also paid tribute to the soldiers who gave their lives for the country.
Also to relieve the traffic jam at Mawlai bus stand, which happens frequently.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister spoke on the need to ensure that the beneficiaries have easy access to health care and also at a reasonable price in the villages.
He said the Government of India has agreed to provide assistance and many projects for the development of Assam.
The polling officers who visited today said that the polling stations are very remote and there are 21 remote polling stations.
“Furthermore, foreigners living in Meghalaya often face discrimination and rejection, which affects the equality of life even though they live in the state.
His memory of Shillong will never be forgotten and that is why he came to take part.
The shops that will be open for two days in Shillong on 13/05/2020 and 14/05/2020 from 9.00 am to 4.00 pm are, which shop sells mobile phones, which shops sell computers and recharge mobile phones.
Another section will include “a briefing on economic security by explaining the tools to be used” in the fight against scientific techniques, including the cooperation of all members.
But now you're just saying that it's us? Stop the arrest from tomorrow I came into Sohra and don't arrest our members.
The Minister said that the government has already increased the grant for Adhoc teachers in the state and the government also wants to help the teachers. The time cannot be given but it will be done within a month.
North East Gas Grid: The Vision Document released by MoP&NG on 09.2.2016 has addressed the shortcomings in terms of natural resources. Gas and the Natural Gas Pipeline Grid in the North East.
The movement will be held on the 9th of August, 2022 from 10 am.
Shillong, July 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that he is deeply saddened to learn that there has been a tragic incident in which many lives have been lost and injured due to the earthquake. The incident occurred at Umiam in Ri Bhoi District and at Lumkyndong in Sohra Civil Sub Division.
The Assembly Secretariat has expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Bah Shylla. .
Bah Nongsteng took the opportunity to burn down the JCB belonging to the company, but was arrested by the police. day in his hand to interrogate him.
Regarding the unemployment problem faced by the youth, Bah Shangpliang said that he has already met with the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills and A rally will be held to encourage the youth to attend training for employment.
Regarding this incident, the report will be sent to the CEM of KHADC next month, but looking at the border issues, this will be temporary as all the facts have to be investigated. when it is bad and not pud.
The KSU leader said that the Meghalaya government does not do anything on the border to promote development and only when there are tragic incidents it shocks the people while Assam comes. to cross borders by delivering various development projects.
However, in order to open a new bank account and get a new mobile, the previous deadline announcement remains, that is, if you cannot wait for the Supreme Court's RAI on Aadhaar.
Dr Mawthoh said that if we talk about the traffic jam in the city, this is an opportunity to improve the city of Shillong. Shillong will be more beautiful and will make traffic easier.
Employees of central government departments shall apply for passes from the office where they work and the officers in charge of government departments shall send the names back to the offices of the Deputy Commissioners in the districts where they are located.
The incident happened at about 2 pm this morning, when she was found by the residents of the village near the forest where she was sleeping without knowing anyone. in the morning from the forest near the village.
He said that the money worth T.1.25 crore has already been refunded to the people who bought tickets and this will be completed by July 2023. The loss of the organizers of the festival has been severe. 3.6 Crore due to the cancellation of the festival.
This shows that they are afraid only of the Police and Volunteers but they are not afraid of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Shillong, November 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today said that the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, addressed a public meeting at Madan Polo to say that there is no development in the country. the state.
The award ceremony was for the trainees of the month of June-October 2023. The trainees of the 99th batch include about 700 youths from different parts of the North Eastern States.
They discussed how the Acts and Rules of Parliament do not apply in Jammu & Kashmir because the IOA of J&K appears under Article 370 of the Constitution of India.
Dr Mukul reminded that as the Chief Engineer of PHE, when preparing the schemes, he himself ensures that the schemes sent do not return. , the beauty of the GSWSS is the work of Bah Sunn, but many times the government land is destroyed.
The Integrated Child Protection Scheme is a new scheme launched by the Central Scheme in collaboration with the State Government and Civil Society with the aim of providing special protection for children. and also to develop mechanisms to strengthen the child welfare system.
To receive this scheme, the government will provide assistance of T.1600 tyngka for those poor households who are eligible for this scheme. provide air tires.
The hard work of Kong Suchiang has brought great blessings to the people in terms of safety on the roads.
UPKPPK Dubey IG of BSF said that the BSF has been specially trained to fight against these smuggling activities by using modern equipment and to curb these smuggling activities. There has also been cooperation with the BGB troops of Bangladesh.
There are 30 recoveries from East Garo Hills, 3 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 6 from Eastern West Khasi Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills, 5 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from South Garo Hills. There are 91,831 cases in West Garo Hills, 3 in West Jaintia Hills and 2 in West Khasi Hills.
: I don't understand; I don't understand; I don't understand.
“At present, the Central Government is in talks with the Bangladesh Government in this regard and hopefully the Central Government will be able to resolve the issue of the price of Internet,” he said. the meeting was held at Pinewood recently.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The BSF troops on receiving a tip that there was a vehicle carrying shino heading to Bangladesh, conducted a raid on the border with Bangladesh.
The Senior Superintendent of Post Offices, Meghalaya Postal Division said that there are vacancies in the post of Gramin Dak Sevak Branch Post Masters in various post offices in the state.
Shillong, July 24: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today announced that the ballot papers of the people will be distributed on the occasion of the National Voters Day tomorrow.
Congratulating the BJP Meghalaya for giving the recognition, she said, “Respect the culture and the mother tongue and the world will respect you.
Donboklang said that as a dispensary in the past years, it has provided the best services to six Durbar Shnongs, Nongpdeng, Nonglum, Syllaikariah, Motsyiar, Umjaiur and Phudmuri. at least 21309 out of 4474 households.
Before announcing the names of Bah HM Shangpliang to be sent to the DCC and MPCC, MBCC President Bah Khelor Sing Kharnaior handed over the forms of candidates who have applied for tickets. The Block Election Observer (BEO) in charge of Mawsynram, Bah Pynthymmai Bor Chyne, has been elected from the Congress party.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the SP said that the reason is due to a short circuit in which some of the karmas of the office which has the records have stopped.
These singers are the songs of Bah Amiya Lyngskor, Bah Cyril Lyngdoh, Bah Fredie Cholas Kharshiing and other songs which the writers are still using. Quitient Sumer, EW Kharsahnoh and Silbi Passah.
He admitted that in the past years, the government's assistance to schools through the Grant-in-Aid has been very small and there has also been a reduction in the cost of uniforms, improvement fees. but these assistance, schools SSA receive without any deduction or reduction.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Three men from Sabuda village who were arrested by the Assam Police in June this year, Barson Lawai, Standing Khriam and Dispar Mukhim, have been arrested by the Assam Police in June this year. except for imprisonment in Assam.
In a meeting with party officials today, it was understood that the central theme of the election will be on the decision of the NGT. to the public.
Shillong, June 13: To bring closer the Khasi youth living in the villages under the jurisdiction of the KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle.
"“In fact, my Dorbar, the Sordar, together with the residents of Kongthong, welcome his welcome to our village especially the willingness of this MP to help bring in the does not develop in our village and Khatarshnong area”.
The Children's Minister said he did not want to say anything on Manipur as the Prime Minister of India had already replied in Parliament in the last session.
Napolean Mawphniang, one of the directors, said that at present they have to import these plas from Maharashtra and at the same time they have already sought permission from the state government to build these plas inside. If the government gives permission, they will build them in Meghalaya.
If he reads, he will find out how many wells or wells have been tested and how many are dangerous and how many are safe.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un wants only the most qualified, rich and powerful people to live in North Korea's Pyongyang.
He will be appointed as the Chairman of the party.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The Mawlai Constituency Committee of KHNAM has expressed its deep surprise over the appointment of MLA Bah Adelbert Nongrum as the new President of the party. without holding a public meeting in accordance with the constitution.
Samla Enlang said that if the government does not release the foodgrains on time, the loss will be for the youth who come from poor families.
Nongstoin, Naitung 28: The Hynniewtrep People's Social Organization (HPSO) Mawkynjoin has expressed its deep anger over the infiltration of KHADC personnel into foreign countries.
Besides former players, those who have completed their Diploma in Sports, Coaching from NSNIS Patiala or a recognized university in India and abroad have also been included.
Also present on the occasion were Prestone Tynsong of the MDA, Sniawbhlang Dkhar of the NPP, Renitone Tongkhar of the HSPDP, Renitone Tongkhar, Samlin Malangniang and other MLAs. Shillong, Lber 21: As part of the celebration of the 41st Anniversary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday, the KSU Mawprem Circle has donated school copies. to the students who come from poor families living in the Mawprem area.
Unfortunately, a letter from Parliament informing the Chairman's approval to testify before the Parliamentary Committee has arrived at the FKS office on the same day as the hearing on the Sixth Schedule.
Ensure fire safety measures including fire alarms, smoke alarms, fire extinguishers, spray water sources, fire lifts, are available and they work.
Through GST this has been brought about.
Speaking at the meeting at Mawdiangum, Samla Lambokstar recalled the character of Syiem Tirot Singh, who as the party cannot forget his legacy. and as a Khlawait and a Riewshlur, Tirot Singh sacrificed himself to fight against the Dohlieh chiefs who wanted to invade the Khasi Hills in those years.
Special Police SOT, SDPOD and SDPODR conducted a raid on the government forest at Dibru Hills Forest Reserve near Bamandanga and Gaptuli on the night of 9/1 2022.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: Unidentified persons have detonated a petrol bomb at a shop in Laban near State Bank Market this morning. any unfortunate event.
Yunus has admitted that he is a Nongrum by registering himself on the electoral roll, but the investigation of the mother who is in charge of the welfare found that his mother is a Nongrum. Jamila Khatoon, claiming to be a Khasi, has also received a driving license from the office of the District Transport Officer Shillong.
Speaking at a meeting held at the Multi-Use Convention Centre, NEHU, Shillong, the Minister in charge of Rural Development, Meghalaya, said that the in the villages they can become employers of unemployed youth by working hard.
Wankupar said he has contested the election twice and this is his third election and he hopes that the people have seen his desire to serve the people with this position. Bah HDR Lyngdoh's son is that he wants to make science a household chore.
By including the money in the state budget, the second condition is that the state government should look after some parts of MeECL. On the other hand, MeECL, the Minister in charge of Electricity, don't want to hand over even a single part of MeECL to run.
The party will nominate and elect its own candidates who will serve and fulfill their duties for the people and not for the MLAs. exceed the limit of organizational tolerance.
“The Empowered Committee stands firm for the sovereignty of the states.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister urged the youth to be hardworking and to take this opportunity to meet together which will be a waste of time and Young children not only to be given skills, but also self-confidence and to be able to take responsibility in society.
Shillong, Naitung 17 : Police of East Khasi Hills District have conducted raids in different parts of Shillong city. Lake and Upper Mawprem.
In his speech, Bah Robert June Kharjahrin said that the demand for a Khasi Jaintia State has been going on since 1949 when the Khasi-Jaintia leaders in one group wanted to be in India without joining the state. Assam and they have also accepted this decision.
Police have registered a case under the NDPS Act at Khliehriat Police Station and the investigation is ongoing to identify others involved in the smuggling of drugs. state.
The death toll has risen to 1,000 from East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of deaths in East Khasi Hills District to The number of cases has risen to 1490 so far.
Regarding the Residential School and Teacher Training Center which has been left lying idle for five years, the union has asked the Director of DSEL and DERT to look into it and talk to the State Government to implement it as it will benefit the youth of the area from those who are studying and those who are unemployed.
He said that there will be no restriction or restriction on the residents of the state to celebrate this day but the CoMSO will hold a program to celebrate this day. To express his regret that although the state has turned 49 years old, Meghalaya has not yet passed any laws to protect the rights of the people.
Bah Rojimstar Syiemlieh, who conducted the meeting, urged the residents of the area to take action and discuss these various ideas which will build the society in human life for the sake of the country. security, progress and many benefits.
Diengsyiang Village, Sohparu and the surrounding area to develop the Nongkhnum River Island for the benefit of tourists.
He said that there have been discussions with the Minister of Home Affairs and the Chief Secretary of the State Government on how to provide protection or relief to the party leaders who took part in this discussion.
The demand for the use of Garisson Square for the people has not yet been met. During the meeting, it was suggested to the Prime Minister that it would be better to talk to the Central Government by signing a social agreement. The Central Government has agreed to use this land for the benefit of the people.
Earlier, a short speech was given on the importance of celebrating World Diabetes Day as a sign to raise awareness among the public about the dangers of diabetes and how to treat it. and the Medical Director of Bansara Eye Care Centre, Dr.J.V.Basaiawmoit.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has given 24 hours to the government to release two members of the KSU who were arrested on charges of involvement in the riots in Laitumkhrah on the 4th of this month. 1st of June has expired.
In this incident, the robbers seized T.10,000/- tyngka and DVR and CCTV equipment. The Regional Manager on 17/09/2021 lodged a complaint at Madanriting Police Station and the police are investigating the incident.
Recalling the drone show held in Ahmedabad yesterday, the Prime Minister said everyone was surprised to see it.
Informing this to X, Conrad congratulated these three nurses.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The filing of nomination papers for the mid-term MDC elections from the 26-Langrin MDC Constituency has started today and will end on Tuesday 19/2/2020 at 3.00 pm. .
Meanwhile, General Secretary Alfonsebirth said that the HFU is working with the farmers to improve their agriculture.
It was reported before the Prime Minister that at present there are 16 persons working as muster roll with the government who have disabilities.
The actions of these people yesterday have clearly shown their wickedness and lawlessness.
At present, these families are in fear because they don't know what will happen to them and immediately these youths have lodged a complaint at Mawkyrwat Police Station against this robber who has taken their lives. those who are in danger.
He said that this kind of meeting will continue to be held in each Block as part of hearing the views of the VECs on development works in the villages.
Remington said he has lodged a telephone complaint with the Deputy Commissioner (Election Officer) Abhilash Barwanwal regarding the incident to stop the polling. This is the Polling Station.
Ambulance vehicles, vehicles carrying poor women to Shillong have been stopped and there are cases where women have given birth inside the vehicle,” he said. It will also make it easier for the residents of Sohiong, Krang, Nongbsap to travel to Shillong as it is easier and closer for them.
MH Dkhar added that although the government says that Aadhaar is not a proof of citizenship of a person but only an identification of a person and his place of residence. .
On the other hand, the BSF, when they saw that a Maruti Alto was parked on the border with Bangladesh, they went to check what had happened. cow inside the Maruti car.
The transfer of officers has affected the work of the police department and this problem has affected the police department where skilled people have been transferred and brought in those who do not understand the working methods. you said to Mr. Pala.
However, it was also found that some schools are reluctant to look after everything from the pollution to the pollution which threatens the health of the students.
Shillong, July 31: Members of the Hyniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) have expressed their anger over the census of street children by the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Dr. Nalin Mehta. After this, the HYC leaders threatened to expel the staff of the hospital to close down the hospital. In fact, the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Dr. Nalin Mehta today called for a meeting with the HYC leaders and at 12 noon, five HYC leaders arrived. Speaking to reporters, HYC President Bah Roykupar Synrem said that the Director of NEIGRIHMS has been arrested. Dr. Nalin Mehta has invited the party leaders to discuss the demands in his office.
However, to hold festivals with the aim of creating racial discrimination and politics is something that the HYC cannot accept,” said a statement sent by the Education Secretary of the HYC (CEC) Bah Enlang. Sauerkraut.
Due to the collapse of the bridge at Dwar Ksuid, trucks have had to pass through Shillong and the Chief Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills District has already announced that trucks will pass through Shillong. from nine o'clock in the evening until six o'clock in the morning.
Deputy Commissioner of East Garo Hills Ram Kumar, who is also the Returning Officer, said the election went smoothly without any incident.
The KSU has also submitted a petition and met with all the Ministers of the State Government including the Prime Minister on the same issue.
However, the Election Clearance in order to ensure a fair competition between the parties and candidates contesting the election and to ensure that the integrity of the election process will not be disrupted, as instructed according to the Sample Thup-adong Kyntokam.
Shillong, June 29: Two trucks carrying rice at the Food Corporation of India (FIndia) headquarters in Mawlai have been set on fire by unidentified robbers at noon on Sunday. It happened between 11.30 and 12.00 pm.
Williamnagar, March 27: Police of East Garo Hills today raided the house of GNLA leader Sohan D Shira at Chachathre village in East Garo Hills. Police have seized several items related to the activities of the GNLA. The most important items seized by the police are a satellite phone, Bangladesh money and 39 items related to the activities of the GNLA. Detonators used to detonate bombs.
They also handed over a 9mm pistol, unused ammunition and other items to the East Garo Hills District Police. devices such as mobile devices.
New Delhi, July 08: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu, will swear in the oath of office to Narendra Modi and the Cabinet on Tuesday morning at Rashtrapati Bhavan at 7.15 pm.
Synrem said the union has reminded the DGP of section 317 of the Bharatiya Nyay Sanhita Act 2023 which states that anyone who buys goods stolen by another person will be punished. you are being punished.
In a letter sent by AMCSA, it said that there is an error in setting the salary for the year 2021-2 The letter was signed by Bah BL Nongbri President of the union which was sent this year.
There are 14333 regular candidates, 12763 passed, 2719 private candidates, 1214 female candidates who passed the HSSLC examination. Out of the 21833 candidates who passed the HSSLC examination, 2000 candidates passed in the first grade, 6759 candidates passed in the second grade and 6759 candidates passed in the third grade. There were 11709 students, 282 students who passed only the subjects they struggled for, and 1083 students who passed only the subjects they struggled to improve.
To stop halfway is no longer possible, Man turns the car.
The union demanded from the DC and urged them to fight against this issue and not to go ahead to publish anything in the state media.
“We feel that it is the duty of any Government to respect each and every religion by allowing these religions to follow their own beliefs and not to replace them with the rules of the Uniform Civil Code,” he said.
She said that as the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has asked for time, the ASHAs will also wait for the Government to arrange how to implement the Community Base Health Incentives and after that we will be able to decide whether we will implement the Community Base Health Incentives. em the increase of T.1000 salary.
On the issue of clean governance, the RDA will take measures to introduce strong anti-corruption laws, policies to promote transparency, and to set up Monitoring Committees in every country. districts to oversee the implementation of various MP schemes and projects of the government.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Three persons involved in a drug trafficking case have been arrested and 100.56 grams of heroin have been seized. and T.3.34 lakh.
Through this message, KAS would like to thank all the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep and various Sengs who have supported the KAS at all times in this struggle to include the Khasi language in the Sixth Schirnit. of the Constitution of India.
Jowai, July 13: The KSU Mynska Unit under the leadership of Samla Franklin Sayoo, President of the KSU Mynska Unit has met with the Revenue Department of MeECL (Khliehriat). office, through Asst EE on the 10th of this month regarding the non-payment of electricity bills in the past and the receipt by the public only of past receipts. to manipulate & over write.
Participants who wish to sing must prove their EPIC (Electors' Photo Identity Card) and if they are underage and have not yet voted they must send the EPIC of their parents. EPICs must be xeroxed.
Therefore, the meeting of the Bangladesh Government leaders with the Chief Minister without consulting the Sohbar Elaka was unpleasant and unacceptable because the Sohbar Elaka is the owner of the land and the Company does not. you can do whatever you want.
A meeting held by the Sengbhalang today in Motphran has strongly condemned the turnaround of these two HSPDP MLAs who went to support the government to lead the NPP and BJP until the decision to lead the government. the nation has been destroyed.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today rejected the privilege motion against the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. to 'Voice Vote'
The CEO of SMB said that if everyone has the responsibility to work together, Shillong can be made the cleanest city in India. If the cooperation is in accordance with the Solid Waste Management Rules 2016 and the Meghalaya Waste Management Bylaws
On January 15, 1947, we became an independent country.
On the same day, the Chief Judicial Magistrate (CJM) C Dkhar released the leader on bail.
Police took Eric to Sadar Police Station and detained him for about 10 hours but due to the visit of KSU leaders to Sadar, police released him later.
From that year until the 7th of this month, the office has been operating at this place and house to provide services to the people of the block.
At present, Meghalaya has the Sixth Schedule and the role of the Village Authorities is important in this regard. but this shall be uniform throughout the state.
Finally, the Seng urges all the countrymen to wake up and stop immediately from stealing from the country and from setting fire to the Bsein because it will turn against us if we country it, if we get the opportunity. you must kill the seinpuh quickly.
The State Governments have been directed that if they need the Central Police, they should request it and the Central Government will send them.
With the strict management of containment zones, screening, identification and immediate treatment of COVID-19 cases, the number of recoveries today has exceeded 5 lakh.
After struggle and bloodshed, they gained the independence of the country.
“So far, the amount has reached Rs 300 crore.
At a meeting held today, the government has directed the officers to investigate and punish severely those people who have been involved in spreading false news.
In a letter to the Minister, they said that the Army had handed over the land to the State Government in 2000 when Bah EK Mawlong started working on the land. His government has failed and since then the government has been listening to this land.
The death toll has risen to 32, the Director of Health Services (DHS) said. The death toll is Tiwanti Thabah, 74, from Barapathor. on 8/9/2020 and tested positive for COVID-1
This shows that through this road, Bah HS Shylla has already given permission to UCIL to mine uranium in West Khasi Hills but it is because of the strong opposition of the union that this is an evil plan. and the old man was dead.
At this public meeting, Conrad said the people have understood that under the leadership of the Congress party, the vision of Captain Williamson Sangma and Purno Sangma has not been fulfilled instead of moving forward.
The Minister stressed on the need to improve health services by opening up access to locally manufactured medicines and improving preventive care along with the children in the hospital.
He said that the sports competition is very important and the schools should not focus only on these 10 or 2 days of the competition but should hold it throughout the year.
The JSU appeals to all the MLAs to take action to fight against this issue and follow up to get the 100 bedded PRE FAB CORONA CARE CENTERS Hospital which is right. to help those people who have been infected with this disease and to prepare for the third wave of Covid 19 in Jaintia Hills.
Dated 22/02/1989; NO.CS/MISC/202, dated 30/04/2002; NO.PER(AR).153/93/Pt.1/121.
Pala said that after the rally, Rahul Gandhi held a meeting with the NECCC leadership, where they were able to express the issues of the state as a whole. in the northeast, where the issues of farmers will be included in the manifesto.
Leaders of Nongstoin and Williamnagar including Government officers and officials came to participate in Nongstoin and Williamnagar.
Meghalaya has now appointed Officers to look after the RTI Act in accordance with the decision of the Supreme Court of India that government departments should provide information, not wait. The Government has appointed a Nodal Officer.
The identity of the informants will be kept confidential.
GNLA Political Secretary Bikdot Nikjang Marak in a statement today said the purpose of the bill is to accept non-Garo to become Garo.
The deceased are Carefully Wahlang, 13, of Nginiong, Quentimary Nonglang, 16, of Mawbyrkong, Stralin Lyngkhoi, 18, of Mawbyrkong, Danisha Nonglang, 21, of Mawbyrkong. the village of Mawbyrkong.
“These amendments have been introduced in accordance with the decision of the GST Council which will have to be implemented by the State Governments and each State Government will have to amend the provisions of the GST Act of the State according to the The GST Council has not decided,” he said.
: means the first to pass through the snurpathai.
The hospital at Mawroh was founded by Dr.Sandy Syiem. Through his hard work, he has been able to build this hospital in a beautiful area full of ponds and flowers. that forever.
At this meeting, he said that the government is now ready to improve the road from Umsaw to Mawmaram and this will help in facilitating the traffic from Assam to Sohra.
“The ethnic violence is no longer a new incident in the North East but the violence that has happened since 3rd January, 2023,” said the President of CAS. more so than in previous events," he said.
Clashes between the Karbi and Khasi-Pnars have broken out again on Tuesday in Lapangap village, West Jaintia Hills District after the Karbi used to shoot and intimidate the Khasi-Pnars.
Shillong, July 15: Police of Mawryngkeng Police Station on receiving a tip that a vehicle (ML05 P 3646) was coming to Shillong was suspected to be carrying illegal liquor. the ship was built near Mawrynkeng.
Referring to the mid-term MDC elections in 26-Langrin MDC constituency, Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that the party from Ranikor has sent the name of Bah Pius Marwein, but the party has not yet taken a decision. Talk to the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) before taking a decision.
On this occasion, there was also a song from the country's musical instruments and many of the students benefited from the meeting with the Governor.
Police have urged the public not to drive after drinking alcohol as this can lead to injury to others and this will not affect those who come and go during this time. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
The Chief Minister said the government has already looked into the areas where the state is lagging behind and after looking into the areas, it has decided to open police stations, blocks and police stations. Civil Sub-Division, the government is doing what it needs to do for the benefit of the people, but there are still many things that the government needs to do in terms of development works.
What attracted the attention of the public was the exhibition of the oldest vehicles in India which are no longer available in the markets. The Chief Minister of the State, Dr Mukul Sangma.
Similarly, on the 23rd of this month, there was a meeting between the DCs and SPs of Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills Districts but this too failed.
He also spoke about the online platform iGoT which has recently exceeded 1 million users and urged them to take advantage as much as possible of the training available in this online platform.
To resolve the problems faced by the state in relation to the coal mining industry by looking carefully at the laws passed by Parliament which may become obstacles, after consultation with the From time to time, the State Government has talked to the Central Government in July 2014 and the Government of Dr Manmohan Singh to implement Para 12A(b) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. The Government of the Republic of India to exempt the State from the implementation of the Coal Mines (Nationalization) Act, 1973 in the Sixth Schedule areas.
Pyniaid said that while the EC is looking into their complaint, some people have submitted documents to the EC to prove that Nongwah Mawtamur belongs to the JAC. On 25th March, the EC has written to the Syiem of Jirang Hima to return the land by the 25th of this month.
At this meeting, it was said that many people feel that they have learned but they cannot follow the rules of driving because there is no training on the rules of driving. public struggles to educate and raise awareness.
Many Congress leaders said that the meeting of the MPCC is necessary to discuss the upcoming MLA elections and will also be the beginning of the preparations for the MLA elections. The next election is coming.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Leader of the Opposition in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Titostarwell Chyne on Saturday expressed his regret over the failure of the State Government to speak against the word ' Village Council' was introduced in the amendment to the Constitution of India during the recent meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi.
In the afternoon of the second day, a program entitled “Little Angels” was held where there was a children's performance and a costume competition for the children.
Many of them have expressed that they have been shocked and disappointed by this Tamsa but now, when this Tamsa arrives, these are the same people who have been cleaning up in front of their candidate.
Shillong, July 08: U Dr Mukul Sangma today sang the song “My soul praises the Lord” after speaking as the chief guest at the celebration of the 125th anniversary of the school.
At the same time, many of the people when they went to buy other necessities did not follow the government's directives to stay away from each other, this is especially when buying jhur. .
Sudip Pal, principal of the school, students and teachers were also present at the ceremony. After that, the KSU held a meeting at its office in Mawdiangum, Nongpoh. The meeting was conducted by Samla Lambok Rymbai, President of KSU Nongpoh Circle.
“For me personally, after taking over as MLA, Minister and at the same time as MDC, these are three very important tasks and I have no intention of going forward.
Grace Mary Kharpuri, Rangkynsai Kharbuki, Jambor War and all three EMs of KHADC were also present on the occasion. in which they spoke at this meeting.
Shillong, Lber 20: The Governing Body of the National Rifle Association of India (NRAI) has appointed a member of the Organizing Committee of the World Championships of the International Shooting Sports Federation (ISSF) to be held in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, from 21st. March 2023 to March 27, 2023.
The first ordinance is on the repeal of the Rajit Lal University Act,
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Pusterwell Disiar, Organizing Secretary.
Shillong, July 20: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 329 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Garo Hills. Hills 7, North Garo Hills 2, Ri Bhoi 18, South Garo Hills 4, South West Garo Hills 1, South West Khasi Hills 2, West Garo Hills 65, West Jaitnia Hills 8, West Khasi Hills 4 cases.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today said that a report on the death of pigs in Assam and Arunachal Pradesh has been received. The deaths of pigs in those states have been confirmed as African Swine Flu.
Speaking to the management of MeECL, the Seng learned that MeECL has not been able to appoint anyone since 2020 due to lack of funds to pay salaries and the urgent posts required have been contracted ( contractual basis).
Today's award ceremony is for the trainees of the month of November to November 2022. The trainees of the 97th batch include about 1200 youth from different parts of the North Eastern States.
The two-day meeting will include discussions on two key topics – Natural Disasters and Working Mechanisms with a focus on the North East and Partnerships to Develop the North East parts of the country.
He also clarified that although there has been a reduction in prices of some commodities after the implementation of GST, it is wrong to expect any impact on the prices of vegetables, which are currently very high.
The meeting was conducted by the Deputy Commissioner, Ripnar Lyngdoh, Dr M Marbania, Dr M Marbania, Dr. W. Narry, Dr. F.R. Shillong, Naitung 11: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Donkupar Roy, who is also the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), on Tuesday reminded that the government The Uranium Corporation of India Limited (UCIL) has already leased the Umiong mine for 30 years in
The distance of the road especially from the border area with Bangladesh to Shillong and the poor roads within the area are the main reasons for the development of the area.
Shillong, March 01: Opposition Leader Dr. Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that he will leave for Delhi on Tuesday to meet with the AICC leadership to resolve the issues within the party.
He is the only one who has applied for the Congress ticket.
It is hoped that this book will help them to understand the heritage.
Referring to the candidates from Shillong and Tura, he said they have to wait for the decision of the BJP in Delhi.
According to a statement sent by Donal V Thabah, General Secretary of the party.
On the other hand, Commander Shangpliang President and General Secretary of the HFU urged the farmers to lodge a complaint with the leaders in different districts and villages to immediately arrest the traders who cut kilos. He also urged that those in the villages which have not yet established HFU units should establish them immediately so that they can work together to address this problem and other issues faced by the farmers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Human Resource Officer in charge of the Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLU) in a meeting with the Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLU) on the strike by the employees of GVK Company, said that the company has already Meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek.
At the same time, the area does not have adequate border security where Bangladeshis can enter at will.
On the part of the Chief of Army Staff, he praised the readiness of the army to face any challenge.
Shillong, Nailar 23: Today, the state police have destroyed the largest GNLA camp in Durema forest in East Garo Hills.
The Government has also taken measures to protect the minorities in the state, although Meghalaya is the state with the largest number of minorities.
Michel said it is impossible to deny that the actions of Phan Nonglait have enabled the troops of the Hima Nongkhlaw to lead the two British army chiefs and others who are soldiers.
We see that the power of the Dorbar Shnongs has been weakened to a great extent, and there are also areas which are sometimes led by non-tribals.
The meeting was conducted by FKJGP President Joe Marwein, General Secretary Wellbirth Rani, FKJGP leaders, Sordars. New Office Bearers The new office bearers include President Michael Kharmuti, Vice President Lakshmon Mawrong, Cletus Kharmawlong and Sylvester Wahlang.
On the other hand, the Chief Secretary said that this is only the case of the border guards.
The teachers and members of the MC in their speeches expressed their gratitude and appreciation to the HYC for helping this school through these 2 classrooms. blind when they look at this school.
Shibun Lyngdoh, State President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, said the party has lodged a complaint with the police and the police are conducting an investigation.
Shillong, Iaiong 12: Today, 26 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills and 19 cases in West Khasi Hills. Jaintia Hills District, the total number of cases in the state is
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The President of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (CSWO) Agnes Kharshiing today was arrested by the police on charges of obstructing the work of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) in You are from Umsawli Village.
Parents who have children in Class V who wish to send their children to this school can collect these forms.
The Government has worked day and night to ensure that the residents do not face any problems.
Speeches were delivered by the leaders of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar Jaintia Hills including the Central Body and East Zone. KB Dkhar and Hamjhan Dkhar, Pdianghun Dkhar, and others on the subject of how to work hard to promote recognition, love, mutual assistance and how to promote unity. They have one blood of the Kur Dkhar to avoid any bloodshed between the Kur Dkhars in the future and also on other issues for the good of the Kur Dkhar and even the Jaidbynriew itself.
Agatha Sangma of the NPP is the incumbent MP and the party has returned her ticket to contest the MP elections to the 17th Lok Sabha of India to be held in the first part on 19/June/2
Shillong, July 04: The State President of the BJP in Meghalaya, Rikman G Momin today said that Meghalaya needs peace and stability in the country. talk to peace.
During the Congress, this Bill could not be accepted because it was opposed by the BJP, like LK Advani and others. The question is that there are no women inside the RSS. accept this Bill.
Union Minister of State for External Affairs and Culture, Meenakashi Lekhiruh visited the GMIS summit.
Shillong, Nailar 16: Speaking at the 73rd Independence Day celebrations at Madan Polo, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Shillong, on Tuesday said, “We have decided to hold the National Games in .
Therefore, this time we will exempt West Jaintia Hills District from the curfew.
In the rural areas, the Central Government has increased the price of commodities from T.45,000 to T.&0,0 in the market where people can no longer make up for what the government has provided.
On the other hand, MPCC President Joplin Shylla, Secretary Dr Das Gupta, Chockpot MLA Bluebell R Sangma and other officials were present. I'm not a party.
In his condolence message, the Chief Minister said that Jacob has worked for the development of the country as a Minister in the Union Government, as Governor of Meghalaya and especially as a in the state of Kerala.
She encouraged the establishment of women's working groups and the government will provide funds at a reasonable price to start businesses as 50% of women in India are women. either on this topic.
The Siliguri-based group has foreign contacts and said there are currently more than 200 jobs at the Peugeot 208, Citroen C3 factory of Stellantis, Slovakia. T.63,000 to T.72,000 per month and there is also a high overtime payment if the employees are smart and hardworking.
Replying to their refusal to take part in the border talks, they said they had not received any information and they had spoken to the Chief Minister and the Chief Minister had promised to confirm. The Congress will take part in this meeting to discuss the border issues.
FAMASSTA urges the MBOSE and the Ministry of Education to shorten the syllabus for the year 2020 for Class X to prepare for the Matric examination in 2021 in these few months will not be able to complete the syllabus.
Twenty new railway lines have been allocated at a cost of T.43771 crore and the works are in progress and 18 new railway lines are under construction.
The estimated revenue increased from Rs 3.14 crore for the fourth quarter (November-November, 2021) to Rs 3.18 crore in the fourth quarter (July-October, 2022).
He said that the Bri-U Hynniewtrep should know what is happening in Majai.
Speaking after the meeting with the Chief Minister, Dr. Amapreen Lyngdih said that as of now, the discussion on the CAA has come to light again. The Congress party wants to bring to the attention of the government as the COVID-19 pandemic has affected the livelihood of the people.
It is to be recalled that on the 30th of this month, members of the Balat Border Circle have conducted a raid on foreigners who intend to enter the country illegally. they were arrested.
It means that the media disseminates information to the public.
Therefore, the KHADC and JHADC authorities are strongly requested to take action to implement these Acts and Rules of the Hima/Elaka as part of protecting the border of our country.
The ABVP leader also demanded that the leaders of NEHUSU, Banpynbiang Riang and Mandor Diengdoh should lodge a complaint with the police if they find anyone. On the night of the 21st of this month, SOT Police and Mawkynroh Out Post raided NEHU after sending about 40-50 people to NEHU. NEHUSU leaders have received information from NEHUSU leaders that there are about 40 or 50 people carrying weapons gathered near the Petrol Pump at NEHU. Banpynbiang Riang and Mandor Diengdoh, who are also leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youths Council (HYC), have been arrested. They allegedly suspended the program on the Indian Modern Literacy Language.
However, without thinking of my own interests, I left because I saw that one of the people is in darkness if they join the Congress party”.
The Central Government will allocate funds for Meghalaya to all districts and this will benefit Meghalaya in terms of development works.
Other sources said that this increase is due to political struggle even in development projects.
The Seng also prays that the soul of this Rangbah who went to eat kwai at the door of God will reach him peacefully and that he will reach the soul of the deceased. Hainess Marbaniang, General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie, sent a statement to all those who have a close relationship with him.
And process flexibility shows that every project and program must be delivered within time.
Shillong, July 25: The Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MACS) has launched a campaign to curb the spread of AIDS in the country. Meghalaya, this time too, will resume the song contest in the state known as the “Meghalaya Icon-6”.
In addition to the pakhuh and the original word 'lait' which means dead from something; The word 'droks' or 'kynja' is a Japanese word that cannot be translated from the original word 'kani' or 'aphin' as much as it can be translated, especially since the word kynja means something else. .
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Sylvester Nongtnger, said that the drugs were worth more than Rs 2 crore.
They also said that the destination of vehicles from outside the state should end only in Shillong and they should return to their destination.
Another GNLA member Plon M Sangma, Markus Lance, who holds the rank of corporal in the GNLA, was killed in the clash with the police.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Ten new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, Naitung 10, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today.
He said the government has congratulated her and hopes that she will win medals not only for the state but for the country as a whole.
If it can do that to give Shisha to the youth seekers that it is clean and transparent then we will say that the MPSC is a reliable body that can be clean and transparent and elect Shisha. We are Samla looking for Kiba skills and Kiba skills.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency, said that as an MDC in a small position, it is very difficult for him to provide a lot of assistance through development projects. He said that as a Nongmihkhmat, he cannot help but try to find ways and means when the work requires for the welfare of the residents of Mawkynrew Constituency.
Nartiang is a village with its own history and this place will grow if tourism is encouraged because this place has many monuments that honor the ancestors. before.
Shillong, November 27: U Vincent H Pala MP of Shillong Constituency today wrote to the Secretary General of the Lok Sabha requesting permission to speak in the Lok Sabha on an adjournment motion on the death of People inside coal mine in East Jaintia Hills District.
Regarding the shooting death of four policemen in the state, this was not only done by the GNLA but also by the ULFA. and the GNLA. (SP News).
In this age of technology, when the electricity from the sun is used, he said that without the light of the sun, nothing can be done. claim.
They were arrested in collaboration with the police of South Salmara District of Assam and nine mobile phones were seized from them.
He said that the party will collect detailed information through its members to get an accurate figure on the entry of tourist vehicles from Assam and other states into Meghalaya every month. days before the Government takes a decision to ban foreign tourist vehicles from taking tourists to tourist spots across Meghalaya.
He said that the well that marks the boundary of the Legislative Assembly was built two years ago and added that the collapse of the well was due to the landslide. the collapse of the wall has no impact on the ongoing construction of the State Legislative Assembly.
Such incidents have really affected the society.
He said that the party hopes to elect a candidate to win the mid-term elections and he said that there is no point in the existence of KHNAM if they cannot nominate a candidate. .
Additional Chief Secretary BPO Warjri said that journalists have a great role to play in public administration. They should not be in the middle without any partiality or write the truth.
Because there is nothing else to do, the Chief Minister has already made it clear that the Soskular cannot be amended. the ownership of the land.
One person has died of the disease in East Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of deaths so far to
The regional committee will hold another meeting in November, said Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar.
The screening will be held on the 3rd March, 2023 at the Civil Hospital, Mawkyrwat.
The Seng also condemns and opposes Sushmita Dev, the leader of the Mahila Congress, for her baseless allegation against the Jaidbynriew.
It is said that most of these vendors come to offer goods in the name of various companies.
He said that the name of the member of the rebel group who was shot dead is still unknown.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Shylla said that what the KHADC has passed the Bill these days is in accordance with the Constitution of India under Article 29 of Clause (I ) which empowers any ethnic group residing in India who have their own culture, language and language to be protected.
The expansion of exploration and extraction of these minerals will lead to sufficient supply of these minerals for atomic purposes too.
“Ka seng is not against the government because the government belongs to me and yours belongs to the people and we are the people who elect the MPs, MLAs, MDCs, Syiems, Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs. Who gave them the authority isn't it you, we are the voters this is through the Constitution of India according to article 326 it clearly states that those who have reached the age of 18 years can vote vote," said Bashai.
As of 15.12.2017, the beneficiaries have received T.106.41 crore in current accounts and T.82.47 crore in saving accounts.
Shillong, Nailur 23: Unidentified persons today set fire to two government offices in Nongstoin, one belonging to PWD and the other to KHADI. very strongly in the flames of fire.
These have their own important characteristics.
When the MLA of Mawlai appointed me as the Co-ordinating Secretary of the Mawlai Secretariat, I expected to help the people in need of various schemes.
Shillong, November 10: On
At this meeting, it was explained before the High Level Meeting that the capacity of testing is currently 90 per day, but it has been increased and by the middle of June it will be possible. to increase testing to 370 per day.
The Minister said the AYUSH department has a plan to upgrade NEIAH to a center of excellence.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister informed the group that the Government today has taken a decision in the House to send a letter to the Central Government to oppose the announcement of the Central Government as it affects the people. relationship between the Central Government and the State Governments and this should be maintained before it is too late.
The Prime Minister said that this monitoring of development works by the Prime Minister will be done monthly.
Answering a question regarding the state government's order in the meeting with the three districts that the District Councils should issue an order ban ban the public from applying for trading license or labor licence. .
Regarding those who cannot return, the government has talked to the Ministry of Home Affairs, the Railway Department and the Airport to arrange how to do so. for them.
The KHADC has not received the remaining T.91 crore and the central government has not received the remaining T.91 crore. The EC will not allow the government to take this money.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 425 people have tested positive for COVID-19, mostly from West Garo Hills (121) and 4365 cases are still in critical condition. day.
The RBYF has called for an office blockade and night road blockade because the Meghalaya government has not listened to their demand that the development department should re-appoint the two persons who have been appointed as At the same time, the RBYF demands that the government should release the General Secretary of the RBYF who is from the Nongpoh unit. Without any restrictions, this is according to the news release of the party tonight.
As you know, KHADC has three executive branches including the Executive, Legislative and Judicial,” he said.
There are 47 kurs from all over the country who will take part in this year's competition.
This is ongoing and the project to build the Mawthir-Kyrshai road is also ongoing.
The NESO believes that the failure to bring peace in Manipur is due to the lack of attention or improper action of the central government on the bloodshed in Manipur which has been going on for more than six months. souls were lost, and houses were destroyed in the bloodshed.
HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the demand for the amendment of the State Reservation Policy is not an issue that benefits any political party but it is an issue that the people have been demanding since ancient times.
The HYC demands that the NDA government should cancel the decision to hold Digital India Day on Good Friday and Good Governance Day on Christmas. kind of religion.
This is to improve the work of the police force.
The Seng once again informs the paradoh parasnam that during this time, the flood of mynder could overwhelm the minority if they are not quick to stop them from the border, villages and townships. how ter ter.
On the formation of the new party, Ardent said that after seeing that the state has been declining over the years, even if the state has reached its 50th anniversary, it will be 50 years old. politicians have not been able to build jobs according to the aspirations of the people.
Two households affected by this natural disaster are the house of Tiewris Kharjarin which happened on 09/08/18 and the house of Emina Jyrwa and Bah Edmund. This was done on 12/08/1
When examined carefully, it can be accepted that the children who inherit from the royal family will be similar to the appearance of the present inheritance as the world is.
There was also an interaction between the students and Dr Rica Lamar as well as counselors from Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, the union demands that MeECL should immediately provide light in the area otherwise the union will not hesitate to take other measures. you can't use the light.
The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) in charge of Dawki Police Station said that both the injured are from Dawki.
The CID of Nongstoin has registered a complaint at the Nongstoin Police Station under the POCSO Act.
During the meeting, Bah Banshai also informed him that all the students of the school face many problems especially during the rainy season. rainfall as the whole world has known.
The remaining amount that the GHADC has to pay to the government is about T.4 crore.
Veterinary Engineer Bah LW Pariong, Sub Divisional Veterinary Officer, Dr ST Tham and the elders of the village were present on the occasion.
Dr. Marak also spoke briefly about the heroes of the North East who stood against the invasion of the French troops, such as Sonaram R. Sangma in the 19th century.
