Shillong, Nailur 27: Today, the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 90 people have tested positive for COVID-1 Hills, 1 North Garo Hills, 1 South Garo Hills and 1 West Khasi Hills.
Therefore, you are strongly urged not to take action to convene the Dorbar Hima Mylliem, which is the center of Ri Khasi together with the Khun u Hajar according to the customs and traditions that we should. The Dorbar Hima Mylliem shall be held at least once a year.
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, during the search of the cemetery where the leader was buried, the robbers seized a pla bag and started to rob. the ark was opened, but the light of the sky was gone.
Every day, hundreds of people come here to drink.
If this happens, what will happen to our children? This is to surprise the people to come forward otherwise we will disappear and finally the union urges the NGT to stop otherwise we will have to take responsibility for everyone. who trusts in this work.
The Seng strongly condemns that person named Elizabeth Nongbri and others, that she should not try to find out about this life and death of the Jaid bynriew.
The two new units of the KSU were confirmed on Saturday, one in Madur and one in Nongbah. Both the units were confirmed by the President of the KSU, Samla Lambokstarwell. Marngar.
In a letter sent to the DC of East Khasi Hills District, the union said that the union has received complaints from the parents of many parents because they have not been able to register their mobile phones.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Central Executive Council (CEC) today met with the Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Ambrose Ch Marak to discuss the issue of education. Speak on the CUET examination for students abroad in Meghalaya.
She also expressed her satisfaction with how the District Council has empowered women and said that this is an example for the country.
The Tokyo Olympics in 2020 is another opportunity for us to showcase the country's character to the world.
What is shocking in this incident is that the union has lodged a complaint with the CEM of KHADC, while itself has not been present to lead the way and point out those foreign shops which do not have a licence.
He said that this new building will be a place to train the youth in many fields and will also be a place to free the youth from many evil deeds which are against the society. only.
On the other hand, the members of the APVC said that they will not rest to work for the sake of peace in Garo Hills.
KSU Mawlai Nonglum Unit on Saturday donated Godrej boxes, 30 blankets and 4 doormats to a children's shelter in Mawlai Nonglum as part of the Celebrate Christmas.
She urged the youth to take an active part in this campaign and to invite everyone for the national initiative to honor our heroes and our country.
Shillong, June 12: Answering a question by Bah Wailadmiki Shylla regarding the Kiang Nagbah College in Jawai, the Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that that this government college has morning and afternoon classes.
The Cable Television Networks (Regulation) Act 1995 has been in force for 40 years as the main law governing broadcasting activities including cable networks.
Thank God that this disease has not yet entered the region and India but we must be careful that it does not enter in any way, because we have to fight against an invisible enemy.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, u Conrad K Sangma, today met with the families of those who died in the earthquake and met with those who survived the injuries at Civil Hospital Tura. each one was four thousand shekels, and all the shekels were twelve thousand shekels.
Through this detail, the Police department conducted a massive raid on the morning of January 16, 2023 and nine members were arrested by the Police from different parts of the Eastern Range including a child under 18 years old who was arrested from East Khasi Hills District.
Unfortunately, it shows that the Meghalaya Government is ruled by the BJP Government in Delhi and by the North East Leader,” said Bah Pala.
The examination for the selection of youth will be held on the 29th of this month in all districts of the state. others have ALS and have lost their lives.
Also present at the ceremony was the Chairman of the Shillong Club, Micky Jones Kharbyngar, Erwin Sutnga, Main Chairman and Rastingwell Thabah.
Furthermore, the union would like to inform the public that the next meeting will be held at Mawsynram Market on the 16th of this month from 11:30 pm.
It was witnessed that the Alto was damaged from the bumper and the front windshield of the vehicle.
This competition is different from other competitions in this era, this method of hunting doh kha is known to almost all the people in Ri Bhoi District, where the women, elderly and children They also went to dig wells or from the fields during the rainy season.
NESFAS and LIF have a vision that such festivals will revive the traditional agriculture in which forty species of plants will survive from one country to another. por sha you another.
Cornilius Kharbuki said that the Seng Kur Kharbuki from Lawmei village has been forcing the election of Ministers even after there was a demand to hold elections. On the 13th of this month, Bah Zuberstar Kharbuki was confirmed as the Minister from Lawmei to lead the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima from the Kur Kharbuki.
Because e-commerce opens up the possibility of shopping through digital channels where consumers cannot see the products with their own eyes, they rely on reviews on e-commerce platforms for information. to understand the experiences of others who have already purchased these products or used the services.
On the issue of the MTET examination which was held on the 1st of this month, the Minister said that the answers written by the candidates will be the same as the Answer Key. they shall not be ashamed, neither shall they be ashamed.
The Government has taken all necessary measures to ensure that the screening of foreigners is adequate.
Goyal said all educational institutions should be open to startups and should promote innovation and entrepreneurship.
In one of the banners, the KSU wrote, “November 11, 2019, when the CAB became the CAA. the North East and a day of celebration for foreign authorities.
“I tried to play with a rope.
“We are confident that Amit Shah has the necessary documents on his desk and we have given them until 23rd June to verify his statement,” said Donbok.
Shillong, Naitung 30: Tens of thousands of people from Lum Jaintia today took part in a mass rally to protest against the ban on coal mining by the National Green Tribunal. (NGT).
The union urges and requests the government authorities to take more action on this incident so that they can immediately arrest these bloodthirsty men who killed this man.
Explaining in detail the Government's initiatives under the Mission, Minister Duh said there are three main components of the Ayushman Bharat Health Infrastructure Mission to address the shortcomings in the health services of country.
The union once again through this statement congratulates the teachers at various levels on this special day and urges the government to give the rights of the teachers.
: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District on Friday imposed Section 144 CrPC to ban the rally in East Khasi Hills District on the polling day of the Lok Sabha elections July.2024.
The union does not agree with the government's recent order to issue transit passes to the family members to take their children and family members abroad. The Chief Secretary MS Rao has asked the Government about the order issued by the Political Department.
This will violate your rights.
The District Administration has prepared for the smooth running of the election.
The funeral service will be held on 28/July 2024 at his residence in Mawlong, Mawlong Sirdarship.
Shillong, March 13: The discussion on the allocation of special funds by the Central Government to the Autonomous Councils in the North East of India, today caused a stir in the House of Representatives. KHADC on the issue of T.133 crore, in the Zero Hour Discussion in the House which was brought by Sohra MDC Bah D Wanlang.
On the same day, the Chief Minister also distributed awards to the ration distributors who have promoted the implementation of the National Food Security Act.
This story will be written in the two months of July and November.
The pass percentage of students in the MBOSE SSLC results by district is East Garo Hills 35.10%, West Garo Hills 34.63%, South Garo Hills 27.50%, East Khasi Hills 71.97% and West Khasi Hills 58.28%. , In Bhoi 62.40%, South West Garo Hills 23.01%, North Garo Hills 27.88%, South West Khasi Hills 70.78%, West Jiantia Hills 73.41%, East Jaintia Hills 85.09%.
The Deputy Centre-In-Charge, Brahmachari Vairagyachaitanya praised the students for their hard work and also spoke about the role of the teachers in this work.
Dr Giri said that parents should come and cooperate with the doctors so that the children can be like other children.
But as it is, now the threat to our state is drugs.
This will be from the 24th to the 28th of this month.
Police in charge of Dawki Police Station said that an incident has occurred in which a man has been shot dead by suspected Bangladeshis. but he was treated and discharged after treatment.
Sabina was Miss Shillong 1995.
On this occasion, the Board also inquired about the roads under the PMGSY scheme, discussed the scheme of the government to convert from wooden bridges to dewbilat bridges. all the roads in this state because as it is now many of the roads are still wooden bridges.
The Government of Meghalaya wants peace and order in the state, but when there is a talk it should be in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution of India, the Government is still waiting for the letter. a new one to reach peace talks.
Director of Social Welfare, Bah HM Shangpliang, Director, Sports and Youth Affairs, MW Nongbri, District Sports Officers from the districts, athletes, teachers, presidents and secretaries were present on the occasion. sun.
On the other hand, the FKJGP has demanded that the government should punish the accused and the question is how the police opened fire on the people.
The relevant departments reported on the steps taken in relation to the directives of the Minister of Home Affairs at the flood monitoring meeting last year.
These measures have saved the environment and brought about cleanliness and health.
According to the KSU, the child was abducted at the time of her sister's house because it was a holiday and she was staying with her sister but the Bangladeshis came. I'm going to Bangladesh.
In this regard, the union will send a letter to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to seek clarification on the tender invited by UCIL to mine uranium from West Khasi Hills and also from the KHADC. The tender invited by UCIL has made it clear that it wants to mine uranium from this area by force and has disrespected the state government and KHADC. The government and KHADC have not yet issued the NOC, he said.
Speeches were delivered by Bah Jai Skhemlon Sirdar of Madon, Bah K Lyngkhoi, Bah BS Nongrem. the parental side of the children.
According to a statement released by the police, the value of these 12 coins has reached T.70 tyngka.
“The Central Government has so far allocated T.3,000 crore (out of T.6,000 crore) for Meghalaya,” he said.
Shillong, July 2: Ka KSU War Jaintia today visited Jarain PHC to donate a Maruti car for the use of Jarain PHC as there is no ambulance at the government hospital. use it for the sick.
The funeral service will be held on 7/2/2020 at 2 pm at the Malki Catholic Church in Khliehshnong.
Other speakers included Brolding Nongsiej, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Chief Secretary, RV Suchiang, Chief Secretary. The announcement was read out by MR Synrem Secretary and handed over to the Deputy Commissioner. the first was Wilfred Nongsiej.
The Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA of this constituency, urged the students to take advantage of technology as it has the tools to help them in their studies. daily and he also stressed that they should make full use of the good things that technology has to offer and avoid the bad things in it.
Meanwhile, Niaw Wasa played against Jalaphet Lumschram.
“Ka Seng urges the Leaders and the Government not to be biased.
According to information received, the earthquake occurred in the morning of this morning while they were sleeping due to heavy rain, in Mawiong Pyndengrei village in Nongstoin.
The KSU is pleased to make it clear to the government that it is not the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District and the North-East Frontier Railways who will decide on the acceptance of the railway line. At the same time, the union feels that the NFR violates the laws of the state, even the Work Permit of the workers. railroads do not exist.
Shah said various authorities in the country have come up with guidelines and guidelines that help the media to report on child rights in the right way.
“Therefore, because many people have asked because there is no truth in the allegation,” said Dr Jemino Mawthoh.
At the same time, trophies and medals were awarded and cash prizes of Rs 10,000 (shiphew thousand) to the winners and Rs 5000 (San thousand) to the losers.
The holding of the B20 Conference of the G20 meetings has helped tourist destinations like Mizoram.
The request to say that they should be kept in post from the five examination centers was rejected.
The residents of Dong Ladmeri, started setting up shops during the outbreak of Covid-19, and now it has become more convenient after people have seen and learned more especially when they need to buy shops. purple.
Shillong, July: Bah H Kerios Wahlang, the Khasi leader, passed away at 3 pm on 11th July, 2020 at his home in Mawngap.
Nurses came to check on Kong Bindas until 6:30 pm.
Another landslide has occurred on the Lawbyrtun-Rngikseh road in Eastern West Khasi Hills.
The Minister said that this center will also be used to look into how to introduce a system of packaging of clothes that can be exported outside India at equal prices. workplace clothes.
All Governments and people have tried to develop the country.
In this regard, a meeting was held with the government in June this year in the presence of the Symbut CEM of KHADC, the CEM of JHADC. If the KHADC does anything wrong, it will be closed.
Shillong, Lber 03: The elections to the three District Councils will be held in 2014 which is only a few months away.
On this occasion, Bah Teinwell Dkhar urged the EC that if the MDCs win only three years, they will get the shirt allowance. On the other hand, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne urged the EC to amend the Service Rule for the benefit of the employees as they have found that there are indeed those who have faced problems after retirement.
He said that the KSU has also tried to meet with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare but as she is outside Shillong, she has been informed by telephone.
The army also cooperates with other armed forces of the country as well as with the state police wherever they are stationed.
GVK EMRI 108 Trainer Bah Ifberth Tham, GS Massar, Dr. Mohamed Tham, GS Massar and other speakers on the occasion. He is one of the members of the College and Mrs. Daiahunlin Mawlong.
He said that in the next five years the government will provide assistance to the villagers in raising livestock for up to 40% of the households.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has congratulated the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya through the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Roshan Warjri for the opening of Wahkaji PHC. This area has been in existence for about 20 years.
The Central Government has recently announced the construction of AIIMS level hospitals across the country and one in Assam.
Iarapbhathik N. Shangrit was confirmed as President of the HYC, Rapborlang Dkhar and Paiabaskhem Kshiar as Vice President, Mandor Swer as General Secretary and 29 other office bearers.
“After talking to the synsar traders, we understand that they have the authority to control the price of synsar whether they are traders from this state or traders from outside the state,” said Bah Shangpliang.
"The victory of Chandrayaan 3 is not only a victory for India but a victory for all mankind," Duh said. for the arrival of all countries to the moon.
Meanwhile, the Special Judge (POCSO) of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong has ordered the payment of Rs 2 lakh to the child who was raped. by the state government.
This shortcoming is that many people kill their daughters while they are still in the womb. If the killing of daughters continues, it will be a big problem for this country.
The country is rich in refinery production and exports its products to other countries.
Regarding the drug trafficking, the union said it has seen the reason why the chief minister of the state stands up to arrest drug traffickers, but what has happened in these years is that those who have been arrested are only Why has the Prime Minister forgotten that the spread of alcohol has caused the deaths of many people about 25 to 45 people from alcoholism.
The Minister said that the PHC which was inaugurated today will provide health assistance to the people in many aspects to these 24 villages around the PHC. The Minister said the government has already signed an agreement with Reliance General Insurance Co Ltd for the implementation of the Megha Health Insurance. Fourth MHIS Scheme.
The Hima Mylliem Dorbar, Mawkhar Shillong, on the issue of signing an agreement on the Mawpat Hima Forest to be converted into a law by the Syeim, Hima Mylliem, Latho Manik Syiem, Minister MB Kharlukhi, Minister K Langstieh and officers of the Khasi Hill Autonomous District Council (CEM) Shillong.
Furthermore, in the MHIS Phase-3, Government Hospitals and Private Hospitals including those in the State and abroad have been merged.
With this victory, Shillong Lajong Junior Red have three points.
During the inspection this month, the union found that the Sub Pillar of BP No.1273 near the construction site, has collapsed and the Madan Bol has almost collapsed due to the heavy quarrying. and that from Bangladesh.
The award ceremony was held in the name of Myllung Soso Tham, as a quotation from his philosophy for the building of society.
The teachers of this school have been very sympathetic to them and have helped them to take classes during their free time.
Speaking on many of the development projects that the government has done, he said that it has built the first Engineering College in the state in Mawlai. classes will start next year.
He also urged the residents to cooperate with the Dorbar Shnongs and also to follow the directions of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Government so that as a nation and the state as a whole we can win against this disease. The COVID-19 pandemic has spread around the world.
This is according to a report sent by MH Dkhar.
The new office bearers of Tura Judo Association are UGC Momin as President, ULC Momin Vice President, UB Paul General Secretary, UGD Marak Joint Secretary-cum-Accountant, Arabinda Sangma Treasurer and Pradip D. Sangma as Organizing Secretary.
It is learned that on the 13th of this month, Assam came to build a bridge at Ranibari by destroying the road constructed by the Meghalaya government at this place during the rainy season. If the government does not do anything to protect him, he as the Secretary of the Hima will not be able to protect himself according to the law.
India’s space activities aim to expand the scope of science and technology for the betterment of humanity.
According to this proposal, the allocation of funds will be based on the geographical location of the state, the population and the income growth of the people.
I immediately informed the members of the Executive Committee of the village, the youth organization and the women's organization and they took action to investigate until we find out, we will not allow.
One of the demands of the union is that although Arunkumar has been removed as CMD, he has been appointed as Director Finance of MeECL. “This is the job he is doing now so that it will not be a stumbling block to this investigation,” said Bah Synrem.
The AGM discussed and approved the report of the previous AGM, the Audited Accounts; the 2017-2018 report of the General Secretary; the 2018-2019 Budget; appointment of Auditor 2018-2019; MSOA General Secretary, Shri Chiranjib Choudhury, reading out a report on many activities, such as the Annual Sports Calendar MSOA to hold the Meghalaya Games, 23rd June Olympic Day, Seminar The MSOA should suggest to the Sports Department to hold an awards ceremony for the medal winners on Olympic Day. The meeting proposed that the Ex-Council MSOA should direct all the Associations to submit their 10 Year Sports Program to the MSOA for hearing before the AGM. U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, President, MSOA, congratulated the State Associations and the MSOA, who have worked hard to select these youngsters who have brought the name and glory to the MSOA. the whole state.
College Jowai, JMQ Lyngdoh has demanded from the college authorities and the government to allow admission to all the students who have already submitted their applications at various levels.
Shillong, Naitung 12: A three-day meeting between the Bangladesh BGB and the Indian BSF at the rank of Inspector General started in Shillong today, with the arrival of 23 Bangladeshi officials. The meeting was chaired by M Zahid Hasan, NDC, PSc, Additional Director General, Region Commander, Sarail, Bangladesh.
There are 361 recoveries today, 262 from East Khasi Hills, 69 from West Garo Hills, 7 from Ri Bhoi, 7 from South Garo Hills and 5 from South Garo Hills. Hills 5, East Jaintia Hills 3, East Garo Hills 1, Eastern West Khasi Hills 1 and South West Haro Hills 1 have recovered.
The union once again expresses its opposition to the central government's plan to build a railway line in the state because in 2011 the state government itself promised not to allow the North East Frontier Railway to start. The construction of the railway line until strong laws are passed to curb the illegal entry of foreigners into our state.
To express their protest, it was decided to hold a march on the 18th of this month from Madan Student to Khyndaidlad and end with a mombati lighting ceremony at that place.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi was referring to a statement he saw on the MyGovna platform by a man named Ramesh Sharma in Assam.
The group praised the efforts of the state government to make the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra a success even in the rural areas.
The CEO said that the loss of light is due to the ongoing work, but the office has forgotten to inform the public that the work is ongoing.
It is suspected that her daughter has been abducted by unknown persons.
In the same order, Delhi High Court Judge Justice Ved Prakash Vaish has been appointed as a judge of the Meghalaya High Court. This will be done on or before the 23rd of this month.
Therefore, on this occasion, the BJYM (BJP Youth Wing) Meghalaya State said that as the youth, the time is no longer to sit idly by and listen and watch the problems faced by the youth from time to time. To come forward to work together and to set a goal for the development of the youth in all aspects so that the country and the nation can rise in all aspects concluded the appeal of the President, Samla Egenstar Kurkalang .
The film is based on the life of a man who endured many hardships and had the spirit of fighting even in the midst of hardships. I'm from Shillong.
The committee will be headed by the Secretary of District Council Affairs, Bah CV Diengdoh, along with members from the District Councils and various government departments.
The complaint has been lodged at the Khanapara Police Station. The complaint against the school is that they have used the textbook in the school which is wrong and incorrect. The languages ​​spoken in Meghalaya are Bengali, Nepali and Marathi.
There is a need to involve the Rangbah Shnongs, Dorbar Shnongs, Nokmas, Village Employment Councils in a meeting to set up a Village Corona Defense Party in the villages under the supervision of the BDOs to implement this. Social Distancing to raise awareness among the public and at the same time to deliver food items, medicines to the residents and to monitor the villages.
The injection needles were seized by the police from the scene.
At present, there are about 4 lakh students studying this course in the country.
Shillong, Lber 05: The three UDP ministers who will join the NPP Cabinet will be sworn in tomorrow. According to sources close to the UDP, the two UDP MLAs who will join the Cabinet will be from Jaintia Hills District and the MLA from Jaintia Hills District. He has won three terms from Mairang Constituency in West Khasi Hills District.
Such incidents have been done from time to time to rescue the people of India because they are in a situation that they cannot do by themselves. The North Eastern Indian government has had this opportunity to help the people of that country in times of need.
After the meeting, there was a tree planting ceremony by the Mawrie brothers and sisters who attended the meeting.
Through this media, the union wants to inform the government that it should upgrade this school to a Higher Secondary School as there is no Higher Secondary School in East Jaintia Hills.
However, after inquiry from the public and also from the Tourist Operators and the Tourism Department, it was found that besides the availability of vehicles for tourists, Meghalaya lacks adequate vehicles for those tourists who visit the country. along with distinguished tourists for the development of tourism in the state.
However, if you look at what happened, God is wise, because after we have been in power from 2018 to 2023 I want to ask those accusers whether there is a time when under the leadership of the NPP the Government “Is there such a restriction, a restriction, a restriction, a restriction on the worship of God,” asked the State President of the NPP. of customs, beliefs and religion.
Jowai, Naiwieng 17: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Arunkumar Kembhavi, on Tuesday said that the availability of money in the district has started to recover and the queue of people has started to decrease. almost all banks except the Apex Bank.
Pyndap L.Marshilong's statement that LADO is against uranium and supports the uranium road is in conflict with the statement he made as it appeared in the newspapers. uranium and bread to the sea"
Regarding the pending cases in the court, Sadhu said, “Initially there was a dispute over this land and (the ownership) of the Defense State Office was challenged.
Both of them have already been trained at the State Bank of India Rural Self Employment Training Institute (SBI-RSETI), Umran, a free training centre. training, meals and accommodation during the training period where the trainees do not have to pay anything.
During the meeting, the areas in the middle of the crisis were also mentioned and they will work together to resolve those issues and they will meet again in Shillong before 15/8/2023 and after that. The Regional Committees from both the sides will meet with the people in the villages.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC, while explaining the allegations of the MDCs who brought the NC against the EC in the KHADC, said that it has created history by a member of the KHADC. This is not the case in the House of Representatives.
Two houses were destroyed in Mawiong Umjapung Nongneng Block-A on Tuesday morning. This happened at about 8:00 pm.
Shillong, June 23: The Chief Executive Officer of Indigo, Pieter Elbers, on Tuesday said that this is the first time he has visited Shillong to take part in the Shillong, the city of Shillong.
At the same time, the Publicity Secretary of the party said that they do not support any political party or their aims, but any party that can improve the people of the state. , empower them, bring about development projects for the benefit of the people of the state and to maintain the unity.
The Dorbar Kur expresses its gratitude to the Executive Committee, especially to the EM in charge of the Elaka Department for restoring the full Basan of the Raid, Basan Emerson Thangkhiew, Raid Nongkseh and refused to recognize the Thangkhiew clan.
It is also alleged that the Doloi has made laws that if any of the children of the Sutnga Elaka join the Sengbhalang, they will be expelled from the village and to knieh all jobs such as coal mining and deprive them of their citizenship. in this area.
Other judges from Shillong, Jowai, Nongpoh, Nongstoin, Mawkyrwat and East Khasi Hills District, Shillong were also present.
He said that during his tenure as CEM, the scheme for all the MDCs was running together, but as CEM he received more schemes and this is the usual practice of all the CEMs, including u. Regarding the village funds, the JYF and Bindo should ask the village whether the funds are available. em in the account of the village, without knowing don't even accuse klumar and this case is now in the court the court will give the decision not by them.
Police in West Garo Hills have been on high alert as the elections are ahead and it is expected that the distribution of alcohol will be very high during the elections.
State BJP President Ernest Marwrie, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, AL Hek together with party officials led the tree planting ceremony at Golflink. to this tourist attraction.
The Speaker of the House said that the government, the Minister in charge of Education and the officers of the Education Department have worked hard to ensure the smooth running of schools in the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The call of four organizations to “not cooperate” today has affected the work of government offices across the state. long 60% today.
The Naga Elders and civil society groups including the Inquiry Committee have already submitted their report, but the faces of those involved in the crime have not yet been identified.
: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu on Tuesday awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Awards (Academi Puraskar) for the years 2022 and 2023 to 91 outstanding actors in the field of music. The award ceremony was held at Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi.
On the other hand, the government is still considering the demand of the GNLA for peace talks.
Kong Bindas Syiem, after she has been on hunger strike in Shillong for three days, has fallen ill on the way to Umsning. She was rushed to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for treatment.
The State Government in the past few months has paid all the benefits of the ASHAs including the salary of Rs 16.23 crore for the year -2022 is the monthly income.
Icydora Nongrum, Principal of the school, expressed her gratitude to the CBC, Shillong for organizing the exhibition and said that this will help to educate the people, especially the students, about the importance of self-determination. great of the Freedom Fighters for the country.
To expedite the work of the hospital, the Chief Minister today visited the hospital in Ri Bhoi.
The JSU through its General Secretary Treiborlang R Suchen said that the JSU has put the issue of National Games first because the state government has not turned its attention to the Jaintia Hills. This has affected the youth of the area as many of the youth and residents of the area are willing to bring the National Games.
Police recovered several rounds of AK-47 rifle and a 7.65 pistol from the scene, police said.
During these three talks, there was an agreement between the Central Government, the State Government and the HNLC and that agreement was to allow HNLC members to come to Meghalaya which belongs to India. This is because the HNLC leaders who will take part in the peace talks should come without any hesitation.
In this regard, the Union of Village Authorities, Sohra, has also decided to send a petition to the CEM, KHADC, Local MDCs Shella and Sohra, to inform them of the decision. They urged Bah John F Kharshiing to talk to the KHADC authorities on this issue.
This will be the first time for the NPP to contest the MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly as a National Party from Meghalaya. This is the National Party.
The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday decided to appoint the State Election Committee (SEC) of the party to consider the cooperation of the United Democratic Party (UDP). The UDP and HSPDP under the banner of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) have nominated a joint candidate for the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
Speaking on the occasion, Sunil Kumar Choubey, SE (Civ), Officiating Chief Engineer HQ R & D Estt (BRO) spoke about the services provided by the BRO to connect the land, the people of country and of Meghalaya.
As a sign of strong condemnation, they held this march with iong flags in the village.
For more information about the Learning Links Foundation, please visit this website.
In terms of the total expenses, 20% will come from the donations of the sponsors and 80% will have to be spent by the team.
For more information, please contact the following numbers: 6009207397 and
It will be G+5 and this will be used to house the Central Library of the college belonging to the Department of Science and for the Northeast India Audio Visual Archive.
Speaking to reporters at Shilong Press Club in the presence of Manager Bah Edmund Paul Kharir, he said that what happened at the bus was the negligence of one of the employees. knowledge of the owners if the owners knew they would not have allowed such a thing to happen.
ICARE also informs the public that it has requested and received permission from the district authorities to hold the meeting at Khyndai Lad.
On the other hand, in an emergency meeting today, we had the opportunity to discuss the letter sent by the bank and with one mind, we decided to allow it to open for the time being. it was.
Birla said Zone-III of the CPA India Region is the best performing among the four zones.
The Citizenship (Amendment) Act 2019 has united thousands of Khasi people on the need for the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya.
The CAA 2019 does not consider anything and does not address the realities of us living in the border areas with Bangladesh.
The NPP has urged Dr Mukul Sangma to dissolve the Legislative Assembly and hold elections in
At present, the government has given permission to the DCs not to allow foreigners.
At the same time, he said that the Deputy Chairman should not have that feeling but should sit on the chair with a thought because what happens inside the House is outside.
The reason for this is that they have not received their salaries for four months.
Prime Minister Duh said he believes in the understanding, understanding and desire for answers of the minds of the people of the country.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) which was established under the Central Government Act passed in Parliament in 1980 has now established a study centre. I'm from Shillong College.
The meeting was opened by the Secretary of the MHRC, Bah A Mawlong. In his speech, he said that the government will set up a court to look after the human rights in all districts so that tobacco clearances shall be completed within the Districts.
If they speak on public platforms, they will talk about patriotism but when they win, when they sit on chairs, what do they do? That is what we as the public should no longer just ask, but we have understood what such people are like.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Kynsai Bareh, General Secretary, UDP State Youth Wing, said, “To strengthen the party in the state, as a youth wing, we have discussed how to strengthen it. The party in the state through various districts and constituencies to strengthen the party before the 2023 elections.
Special SP, CID, Government of Meghalaya, Amit Chaudhury, Group Head, ICT and Services, C-DAC, Kolkata GoI, MoE&IT will be the keynote speakers at the NES studio. AIR to answer the questions of the public.
State Governments can also enhance this list according to their understanding of the situation.
He said that if the Indian government imposes too many restrictions, teams like China and America will take over this market because this is a worldwide sport, where India also has many players from other countries. countries of the world.
The order prohibits private individuals from parking vehicles or climbing near the government coal mine and from attempting to operate coal vehicles without parking at the coal mine. government.
The ICCR has worked hard to promote the kaitor and barikor from the region to promote their various cultures to the world.
"He has been one of the strongest leaders who supported and strengthened the foundation against uranium in which we as the party will continue to oppose until the day of our death"
Shillong, July 20: The Khasi people living in Karbi Anglong, Assam, which is one of the border areas still in the midst of demarcation, have decided to form a group called tip as the United Khasi People Organization (UKPO).
The Government of Assam and Meghalaya on 30th November, 2023 have decided to hand over the investigation into the incident in Mukroh to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).
This is the first time that students from NEIGRIHMS have passed the Zonal level and reached the National level.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Commissioner Secretary Aldus Mawlong said that as of 5.30 pm, the turnout has reached 60%. reached 65% because there are still many places that have not been counted due to the lack of network.
At the same time, police said that buses carrying passengers in the area have been allowed to pass.
Regarding this tragedy of our people due to the NGT order, we on behalf of the party, we have sent a petition to the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, in this regard. On Saturday, he informed the residents of Jaintia Hills about the problems faced by the NGT without warning or allowing the people to think. and also find ways for others to earn a living before it completely bans the mining and trade of coal in Meghalaya,” said Bah MH Dkhar President of AJYWO Sengkmie.
In his speech, the Chief Secretary urged the people to register themselves on the electoral roll and to take part in the governance of the country as it is the duty of everyone. Everyone shall hold this honor to take part in the counting of votes during the election.
The new department will be headed by the Head of Government in the rank of Joint Secretary.
Shillong, July 16: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu, has spoken to members of Self Help Groups at Baljek Airport, Tura, Meghalaya today (July 16, 2024).
The union has closed its offices to celebrate this special day of the jaidbynriew and even the state government has declared a public holiday on this day to celebrate this special day of the jaidbynriew.
Cornad said the government has allocated T.280 crore to set up Medical Skill Centers in the state from the Ministry of Small Paid of India. register with MHIS and the state will have 485 health centres.
Besides these villages, two other villages in Umsning and Mawhati constituencies, including Umsaitsning-Umsmu and Thad, have been affected by the cyclone.
The DC of East Khasi Hills can amend the rules but it must be approved by the political department.
The meeting was chaired by Paiem Amossingstar Syiem Malngiang, Acting Syiem, Mawsynram Hima. MIDC, Chairman, Spokesperson, Bah Harlinjai Skhemlon, Sirdar Hima Mawdon, Secretary, Ryngkatdor Malai Syiem, Bah Lossanstar Jithod, Bah Lossanstar Jithod, Spokesperson, Bah JS Chrngap, Sirdar of Sinai Hima, Bah Bring Shongwan, Sirdar of Synnei Hima, Dr KK Marbaniang, Minister of Mawsynram Hima, many Ministers and Rangbah Shnongs of Mawsynram area.
On the other hand , the KSU urges them to join hands with the Syiems and Sengbhalang of Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi District so that their demand will be successful and so that there will be no conflict between them. The Khasi and Garo are the only ones who have this issue.
Shillong, November 28: The All India Congress Committee (AICC) is in a difficult situation to decide who will be given tickets and who will be removed. S Rymbai is an MLA. The AICC has appointed Ambika Soni to resolve the issue, but she has nothing to do with it because the Congress as it is now has two groups led by Bah. DD Lapang and one was led by the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
Shillong, November 11: To provide a mobile network in Meghalaya, the state still needs to have 2000 mobile towers across the state. Meghalaya Telecom Infrastructures Policy 2018.
The surprising thing is that all these three parties, UDP, HSPDP, KHNAM, who call themselves the parties to protect the nation, have destroyed the nation by destroying the RITI. They went to the border areas to preach to the nation, but they didn't do anything.
Shillong, July 15: The President of India, Droupadi Myrmu, arrived in Tura by Army Helicopter at Baljek Airport today. Conrad K Sangma, Minister of Education, Rakkam Sangma and Chief Secretary DP Wahlang were also present.
Speaking to the media, one of the applicants for the post of Staff Nurse expressed her regret that the DMHO office has not provided information to the applicants and the names of other applicants who have been applied for. The personal interview has not been published on the website.
With these changes in the Office Memorandum, the work related to the appointment will also start after the issuance of the new Office Memorandum, which may be tomorrow or the next day,” he said.
If we are still to be proud of our national identity, we must know and understand the foundation on which the nation stands.
Shillong, March 12: Unidentified robbers on Friday night broke into the residence of Baphibanker Phawa and stabbed her husband with weapons.
Suddenly the young man swa ban dier por.
During his two-day visit to Meghalaya, the President of India opened the 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 in Tura today. Participants were present on this day.
To avoid any tragic incident, it is learned that the driver of the truck overturned the truck and the two persons died while they were outside. The driver of the truck was taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong. The Search and Rescue Team (SRT) has received information about the incident. The Fire and Emergency Service (F&ES) immediately rushed to Mawblei and helped recover the bodies of the two.
Several entrepreneurs and companies have participated in the NFS. They have exhibited their products such as rice, slasha, musli musla and wine.
In our State, there has never been any complaint against any religious minority.
“We have moved from a budget that looks not only at current needs but looks long-term at future needs," Minister Duh said.
Samla James Hitler Mawphñiang while confirming the new office bearers of these departments spoke about the rapid growth of the world of information through technology, artificial intelligence and how this rapid growth has brought about a loss of color. The foundations of the Khasi people are knowledge, knowledge and righteousness.
I want to serve the people, the state and the country.
Regarding this promise of the DC, the Seng has decided to wait for a while and the Seng has not yet held hands but soon the Seng will request RTI for more details. Aaddhaar is a picture of a picture because it is understood that many pictures have been registered without any proper identification.
We urge the government especially Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of PWD, to take action to complete these works because the neglect of this area shows that the government is against the villagers and against the poor. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Leningrad Tariang, General Secretary KSU Laskein Circle.
Shillong, Nailar 25: Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Meghalaya, especially in Shillong, people have had to work while they can provide food for their families. shed.
Replying to a question by SP News Agency whether it is true or not that the government has already sent a letter to the army in Shillong, the Chief Secretary said yes. .
He said that in the past, there have been government officials who have written books, like SJ Dunkan, Bah RT Rymbai. what they understand and will be of benefit to the nation in literature.
Everyone whose name is registered in the Dorbar Kur register shall contribute once a year.
During his visit, the Prime Minister also met with the Secretary of State, Cardinal Pietro Parolin.
Out of the 67 students, 45 students came in the first grade and 22 students in the second grade. The college currently teaches nine subjects, Sociology, History, English, Education, Economic, Khasi and Political Science.
"KHNAM has suggested that the word 'Autonomous State' should be deleted from Para 1 of the State Reservation Policy 1972, as Meghalaya was declared as the full State of Meghalaya on 2nd July, .
A group of ASHA workers of the West Khasi Hills ASHA Association (MAWU) on Tuesday held a rally in Nongstoin to protest against the The rally started from MCH Hospital Nongstoiñ to Nongstoiñ Market in which hundreds of ASHAs from all over the country attended the rally. The rally ended at the Market Complex in New Nongstoin and continued with a public meeting.
This has shocked the people and many people have lodged a complaint with the KSU. After this, the KSU has sought detailed information about the documents of these foreigners and has also received the documents through the RTI complainants. on this topic.
The RDA has also proposed to strengthen the performance of Government Officers like IAS, IFS and IPS. I am still a member of the Assam-Meghalaya Cadre.
This inspection was prompted by a recent complaint by a non-government organization to the Executive Engineer of Williamnagar Division.
For these Grade-IV posts, the mark is 50% from the written examination and 50% from the Personal Interview, said the Chief Minister.
According to one of the passengers of the truck, the BSF fled the scene and after a while arrived at the Pynursla police station to investigate. on this unfortunate incident.
After the meeting, these leaders also decided to arrange a meeting with the KHADC authorities to discuss the many challenges arising from the violations of the laws of India and the system of governance in Ri Khasi.
“I am delighted to be able to take part in this day, to inaugurate this place which has put Mawiongrim on the map of India for the people of the country, especially the people of the country. tourists by publishing a website.
“These two issues have already been discussed and the discussion on these two issues will be held tomorrow morning,” said Bah Himalaya Shangpliang MLA Mawsynram.
On the Mawrynkneng Constituency, Pala urged the MPCC Election Committee not to meet again as there is still another candidate who has come forward to apply for the ticket. Mayor Constituency.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Shillong and Khapsor at its meeting held today at the Jaiawlum Pylon Dorbar Hall. decided to reject the government's bill.
They also said that if members of the KSU post any posts or pictures on social media platforms that are against the government, the Cyber ​​Crime Department is ready to summon them.
The Meghalaya Government through the GAD Department has already informed the company that is building the house that the Government will do its utmost to pay in the second disbursement of this fiscal year. but in April, it was known as the second quarter.
The French Consul General asked whether there is any detailed information on the customs and traditions. John F Kharshiing, Adviser & Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, said: Consul General said that according to information there are more than 75 sacred laws in Meghalaya under the jurisdiction of the Syiems, Lyngdohs, Dollois, King Nokma, and the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Kurs.
Noting that many of the UDP members are newcomers, Bindo said he has never joined any party since he joined the party and after winning the election. He won the MDC elections in
There are 70,521 students studying in 163 colleges for the year 2011-12, of which 61,706 have received and 8815 have not yet received. ap this their food.
This is the recommendation of the Indian Institute of Management in Ahmedabad. to have the name “Meghalaya Tea” which includes the whole state.
However, although they are independent, there are strict rules under the Constitution.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Karbi Anglong Students Association (KSA) today said that the Regional Committees of the Assam and Meghalaya governments have visited the border areas of the two countries. KSA leaders have threatened that it will be like in Manipur if they lose their land. On the other hand, the KSA wants to express that the paradoh parasnam should not lose their land. The KSU has made it clear that we don't want 10 inches of others' land and 10 inches of our land.
According to the bill, it is prohibited for anyone to disclose that they have the disease except after requesting the court and it is the responsibility of the central and state governments to find ways and means how to prevent the spread of the disease. prevent the spread of this disease.
Shillong, November 05: MPCC President Pala on Tuesday said that there has been a meeting within the party that if there are MLAs and MDCs who want to contest elections, they will not be removed from their tickets. there is no such thing as accusation.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla D.Iawphniaw said that in the midst of such an incident, the HYC expresses its gratitude and honor to the Lord for not harming the soul of anyone.
Nehruji spoke about the ancient traditions of India- for us- the goal is through technology and the improvement of our society.
SHILLONG, Lber 20: U Bah Armerington Kharshiing, the candidate of the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) today filed his nomination papers for the MP elections at his office to be held next month. Speaking to reporters, Bah Armerington Kharshiing said that the main objective of the AAP is to work together with the needs of the people through their opinions as already expressed in the media. The AAP has not made any promises but through the cooperation with the people they will be able to achieve the goal of victory especially in the field of corruption which is the key to development. park in the state and nationally.
Jipson Marak, Muktair of GHSMC, said it is surprising how within six months the case has been brought against the members of GHSMC who are currently in Jowai jail.
Charles said that Mawhati Constituency has been neglected by all and that is why as an MDC he has taken this initiative to speak for the people.
Jowai, Jymmang 15: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) and the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) have expressed their gratitude to the police of Jowai Police Station especially to the SP of West Jaintia Hills Bah HG Lyngdoh. The CEM JHADC has registered a case against Madonbai Rymbai for misusing public funds amounting to Rs 1.18 crore discretionary grant and gratuity relief. (CEM of JHADC) along with seven provisions of the Act on his illegal activities by stealing money in the name of some people from his MDC Constituency and other violent acts against him. the law.
In India, the places where Bonsai is grown are in Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Bangalore and Shillong, but the most suitable and comparable in price to other countries in the world are the short trees. Bonsai" in Shillong.
In a letter sent to the Chief Minister, it was said that these three decisions were taken at a public meeting of the employees of MCCL. They cannot answer and make judgments.
The Vice President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Fredrick Kharmawphlang has announced that a public meeting will be held by 14 political parties on the 30th of this month at Madan Student Jaiaw. 12 am.
We must take good care of them and protect them from Coronavirus.
It is the teachers who suffer from low salaries to prevent these ad-hoc schools from developing in all aspects.
This is to provide child-facing lessons, game-based lessons, reading lessons, and other educational opportunities that will help fully build the growth of children in all aspects from early childhood throughout the state.
It is on this basis that Meghalaya can be said to be free from the COVID-19 pandemic.
As it is, the people have welcomed the party across India and with the hope that this party will be able to do something for the people and the whole country has now recognized him as the son of PA Sangma.
It is expected that on the closing day of the celebration, more than 3 lakh people will attend the ceremony, said Rev NS Phawa in his keynote address after the ceremony. to the flag.
In another raid, police have arrested two persons from Pohkseh and seized drugs worth T.50 lakh, a vehicle number AS-B- 3595 , from which T.1.5 lakh was also seized.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the minister said that as a mother from that area, she is saddened to see that there is no peace and people are living in fear and do not know what will happen next.
He said that the date of issuance of the Admit Cards has been a long time and even those who can spend to write examinations in other States, have found it difficult to meet the requirements urgently. let's go.
According to the NDPS Act, the police cannot arrest without witnesses. The SP of East Khasi Hills said that if the public is concerned about this case, the police cannot arrest without witnesses. They urged them to come forward to help the police in the fight against this crime which has now entered almost every household in Shillong.
Shillong, November 22: U Highlander Kharmalki, Congress candidate from Mawryngkeng in 2018, today joined the BJP at a meeting held at the party office. on Beaver Road.
The Cherry Blossom Festival which is held every year but this year 2020 due to COVID-19 could not be held.
The three persons who tested positive for COVID-19, one is the owner of a snniuh shop, one is a sha shop and one is a beef shop.
It is learned that today is the Patharkhamah Market Day and it is usual for people from Assam to come to sell their goods at this market but on this day due to the heavy rainfall, the hillside has collapsed. it has fallen and caused this damage.
When the fire broke out, the police immediately rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire. which is cleansed with water.
The Land Port is expected to boost tourism and trade in Meghalaya and the country.
One of the ways to develop the villages is cleanliness along with other beauties created by nature and human behaviour.
Because there was no other candidate, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem was elected as the Speaker of the House without any objection.
Shillong, Feb 03: The Hynniewtrep Youth Party (HSPDP) today announced three more MDC candidates for the MDC elections to be held on the 24th of this month. Martle N Mukhim, former Minister of Meghalaya, will contest from Mawkynrew.
The office bearers of the NPP Ranikor Block who also handed over the names of the office bearers of various departments along with a letter of approval from the Presidents and Secretaries of the 62 Primary Units to send the names of Air Marshall, as the party's candidate.
Shillong, July 09: Khasi Students' Union (KHNAM) has welcomed Bah Wanlam Makdoh, Secretary of BJP Mawhati with 50 followers and Bah Lambor Damblong of NPP with his followers. who came to join and support the party and the party candidate in this MLA election
They will send a letter to the state government regarding this issue to seek clarification from the government , and demand that the government should provide clarification on this within six months from the date of submission of the application to the State Government.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Relingstar Rynjahuba, General Secretary of Laitkyrhong Sports Club. This tournament is necessary because as a Sports Club we have a desire to promote and remember Bah Korel Khongsngi, BamKwai ha Dwar u Blei who was one of the pioneers not only of the Laitkyrhong Sports Club but especially Bah Relingstar Rynjah said that the goals and aspirations of the Laitkyrhong SportsClub cannot be achieved without the right hand and the right hand and the spirit of the Laitkyrhong SportsClub. Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh who is not only the MDC of the constituency but also one of the Khundapshynrang of the Bri u Hynniewtrep who always puts the Jaitbynriew first in all situations.
He was also the first Revenue Minister of Meghalaya to convene a meeting with the Revenue Minister of Assam at the Meghalaya Secretariat. The border areas of Meghalaya were drawn and the maps were shown that the border of Ri Khasi extends to the Brahmaputra River.
Nujorki MLA informed the House that Barato village falls under Nartiang Police Station which is about 46 km away.
HNLC(JK) and others were written on these bullets.
He said that when these trees are planted, this place will become beautiful.
: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Thursday expressed its concern and opposition to the BJP Government's plan to hold one nation, one election in India. Election) by saying that this is only a ploy and tool to strengthen the teachings and principles of Hindutva to make India a country with only one Hindu religion.
The Minister also commended the steps taken by the Department.
On 27th October 1989 he was elected CEM of KHADC and remained CEM until 20th October
On the other hand, the BSF wants to have a close relationship with the villagers.
Mary Paul, Administrator of Nazareth Hospital, Shillong, has lodged a complaint with the Laitumkhrah Police Station against Dr.Col.
Ka Sur Ehrngiew ki Nong Malki urges the people to join hands and call for justice so that from now on no human soul will be taken or killed.
“The writers have their role to reflect these in their works," he said, adding, "we have writers who deal with the context of the natural environment, the history, the society, violence as we have seen in recent years and writers should reflect these.
Regarding the letter from the State Government, the Central Government has responded on 25/06/2019 by sending a letter to the Lok Sabha.
The aim is that the BJP, a party based on Hinduism, wants Hindus to become the majority in all the states of North East India so that they can rule these states forever and perhaps the Hindus. to destroy all the indigenous people or to force the indigenous people to become Hindus.
In Rilbong, there was a collapse of a well in which two vehicles were damaged in the collapse of the well and no casualties were reported.
On the other hand, the union said that this allegation is only in East Jaintia Hills but in other districts of the state there is no allegation.
Government employees will receive DA and RA 100 percent of their salary from 1st October this year.
During the meeting, the Governor told about his close relationship with the state since he was a child.
The award winners were Sampath Kumar, IAS for Positive Public Health Management Meghalaya, Dr Phunchok Norboo, Mission Director, ABDM, Ladakh for Integration of Ayushman Bharat Digital Mission with e-Hospital, Ram Kumar S , IAS on Meghalaya Drone Delivery Network, u A.Arun Prince Milton, Scientist at ICAR, Meghalaya on Rapid and cost-effective visual Diagnostic Kit for African Swine Fever Virus, Shantanu Gotmare, IAS on Kritagyata- Online Pension Sanction and Payment Tracking System, Mukesh Repaswal, IAS, Information Technology Director, Shimla, Himachal Pradesh on Mukhya Mantri Seva Sankalp 1100, Krishna Kumar, IAS Deputy Commissioner, Jiribam, Manipur on Manipur E-district Portal, u Issac Zothanpuia, Project Manager at Mizoram State e-governance Society, Mizoram on RTI Online to promote accountability and for ease-of filling requests, Pallav Gopal Jha, IAS, Managing Director at GMDW&, Assam on Web-based water supply connections, Registration & Payment System, Shyambir, IAS, Deputy Commissioner of Ganderbal, J&K on MASHAAL-E-GAASH- A people-driven initiative to promote literacy, u Dev Raj Dhiman, Principal of Himachal Pradesh on Inquiry Based learning for holistic development, Varnali Deka, IAS, DC Nalbari, Assam on Poshan Club: Nurturing children for welfare schemes, Purva Garg, IAS, sECRETARY education, Samagra Shiksha on ECCE Early Childhood Care and Education policy 2020, Varnali Deka, IAS, DC, Nalbari, Assam on Mushrooms as a tasty nutraceutical supplement, Shiv Kumar Upadhyaya and Deepak Shah on Village as Harbingers of change toward optimal utilization of resources, Prasada Rao Vaddarapu, IFS on Bamboo brooms with handles as alternatives Ajit Kumar Ranjan, IAS, DC, Wokha Nagaland on the topic of Entrepreneurs Task Force and Chete Lohe, CEO, Kiwi Production Company, Phek, Nagaland on the Promotion & Marketing of Organic Kiwi Fruit.
Shillong, Lber 07: The Budget Session of Meghalaya for the year 2014-2015 started today, in which the Governor of Meghalaya delivered his speech in the House in accordance with the Constitution. of the Ri.
The central theme of the two-day meeting held by the NEC in the city was to pave the way for the marketing of herbal medicines from the North East to other parts of the country. India.
He read the shloka, and said that the book ends for those people who stop moving forward, but the future of those who move forward improves.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, today said that as of 5 pm today, 52 people have tested positive for COVID-1 it's the people.
Up to 14 nurses have been recruited in various hospitals in Singapore through various agencies and will be recruited within three months.
“The manner in which the Laban Police have taken this incident and arrested it can be said that it is biased and causes racial discrimination,” he said. “It's a plot to incite other ethnic groups to stand against the Khasi and to harass the Khasi residents in the area,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: To improve the quality of service, after the decline in the number of churches in Mawthoh Myrdon District, the authorities of the Ri Bhoi Western Presbytery in the Ri Bhoi Synod, have decided to The district should be divided into two Pastorate, the Myrdon Pastorate and the Mawthoh Pastorate.
The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that at about 4 pm, a mother who went for treatment at NEIGHIRMS Hospital who also tested positive for COVID-1 today I have a son.
“This is a memorable story organized by the Meghalaya government and I am happy to see that today is the birthday of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and today is the birthday of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. “It's a good idea to give to the people of Meghalaya,” said Jhunwala.
In the midst of this clash, the police without warning opened fire on the ethnic groups which resulted in 10 ethnic groups being injured and five of them being shot dead.
Later, the Minister visited Ampati Civil Hospital and discussed with the health workers on the need to improve the health facilities at the hospital.
This is due to the dedication of the Government and departments to achieve the goal of being first among the 40 states that come forward,” he said.
The ammunition was seized in a plastic bag from the Borsora Police Station of South West Khasi Hills District. A 0.38 pistol made in the USA, 2 magazines, 410 unused rounds of ammunition and 35 EFCs were recovered. However, until the seizure of these items, it is not known who owns them. The area is about 1km from the border with India.
The BSF has seized smuggled goods worth T.44 lakh to Bangladesh.
“I didn't have the opportunity to meet him (Hek) because he didn't come to the Assembly.
Dr. Lana said that the main objective of the National Tobacco Control Program is to raise awareness among the residents to reduce the use of tobacco.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) today held a one-day meeting at Mawsynram Border Area College to raise awareness on human rights.
In posts on X, the Prime Minister said: “In 40 days from now, the world will celebrate the 10th International Day of Yoga, a celebration of peace and unity.
The SDRF team from East Khasi Hills District is still searching for the body of the man but no body has been found.
On receiving information about the incident, the village leaders immediately informed the Madanryting Police Station.
This unfair behavior of this Government through the MeECL Department, has made it difficult for the residents to live in the dark without light even if it is the right to have light and it is also an insult to us who live in the countryside. in the border area.
Meghalaya Under 20 players who will take part in the tournament include Babitlang Wahlang, Meshan Banjop Sumer, Mebanaibok Kharbudnah, Firstbornroy Khongsit, Ronald Kharkongor, Nickyboy Swer, O Hi Paia Rymbai, Chibaitki Pomthied, Wanshuwadame Diengdoh, Samlang Rympei, Freedy Jyrwa, Khainkupar Iawphniaw, Willbeson Jaba, Ishanbok Buhphang and Richie Kharbani.
Jowai, Jymmang 21: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Central Body (JYF) has expressed its deep sorrow over the failure of the State Government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) immediately as demanded by the civil society organizations. From time to time, the ILP is the best way to prevent the illegal entry of mynder into the state.
Shillong, Iaiong 05: After the deadline given by the SSA and 4th teachers to the State Government to implement their demands expired on 31st October and the State Government snapped quickly, the Union of SSA and 4th Teachers The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) Central Body has announced a strike in Shillong on the 12th of this month starting at 10 am.
Under this programme, 1640 certificates were distributed to the children who have completed computer and language training.
He said that the central government has taken decisions which have been pending for a long time, one of these decisions is to ensure that the farmers get the right price when selling their produce. the decision on the GST and on the uniform pension for retired soldiers of the country.
On the other hand, Bah THS Bonney invited the leaders from different parts of the Bri u Hynniewtrep to join hands with KHNAM in ensuring that MUDA is introduced gradually and it will become a headache. Shillong: TH Bonney IFS (Retd) said that the Shillong Police Station has been closed since the beginning of the month.
Through this initiative, Modi used digital means to inaugurate and launch two Mobile Food Testing Laboratory (FSW) vehicles at the State Central Library, Shillong in the presence of the Minister in charge of Food Testing Laboratory (FSW). In the presence of Commissioner of Food Safety Dr. Joram Beda, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah and others.
Those who attended the Mahotsav had the opportunity to see the best parts of the North East including handicrafts, sustainable clothes and organic products.
In his speech, Dr. Mukul Sangma congratulated the President of TMC Nongstoin, Bah Macmillan Kharbani for his hard work to strengthen the party and ensured that only the TMC can fight against the BJP. The Leader of the Opposition said that there is a lot of money to be implemented for development works in the state and this he has said from time to time even in the State Legislative Assembly regarding development works.
They said that the people and the opposition parties cannot accept this action of the Government and alleged that it was a Public Hearing which was held in a hurry.
The union has given 24 hours to the Deputy Commissioner's office to issue a written explanation on the environmental clearance of Star Cement from Delhi. groups opposed to mining the area.
Other speakers at the ceremony were the president of the union, Bah AS Katrai, who said that next year only those who have scored 70% or above will be accepted.
On behalf of all the teachers, Saurav Choudhury and Napersara Nongkhlaw congratulated all the students and advised them to continue their pursuit of knowledge in the field of IT. is the owner of this place and gave the welcome speech.
And we know that the state government needs the services of these Asha workers to ensure that the people know and get complete health.
As a society, do we appreciate that and the hard work of the farmers from one year to another for the well-being of the society?
Police have registered a complaint against them under the provisions of the law.
The government will also spray the trees so that the disease does not spread to other trees.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: U Bah Banshai Marbaniang, one of the residents of Mawsynram Village, has requested RTI from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Mawsynram. Mawsynram Constituency has implemented the MLA Scheme.
The Vice-President also urged the youth to be proud of India's achievements.
Because of the fear of the family members that she is a child, she decided to tell what happened, but the MLA's statement that the word of agreement will not come out because this is the case. A child under the age of 14, or anyone who is under the age of 14, shall not be said to have agreed to marry.
The CEM of KHADC said that the names of the EMs who have been removed from the EC and the names of the newly appointed EMs have been sent to the DCA today for the approval of the Governor. the state in connection with the appointment of a new EM.
At the same time, the JSU through this statement, appeals to all the former members of the JSU to take this as one of the most important parts for the building of the country and the nation. This is as an information and request even if the organization cannot send the invitation to everyone.
Yuva Tourism Clubs in Mizoram played a major role in the International Tourism March 2022 which was held in Aizawl, Mizoram.
You don't have to worry about it for a day.
Then the members of the Organization - Bah M Lyngdoh, President and Bah R Thawmuit, Secretary - the elders of these villages and others.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya urged the students to take advantage of this opportunity to become one of the income generating opportunities in the state due to the availability of water wells and streams in the state. .
Regarding this incident, many people have asked what the forest department will do when the Dngiem has bitten a man until he is injured and has to leave the village.
As the number of cases of CoVID-19 in the state has increased rapidly, as an organization that cares for the people of many churches, we would like to urge the leaders to wait for a while because if this case of COVID-19 happens, -19 to enter the Riwar area.
In his speech, Pastor B Snaitiang of KJP Synod Sepngi said that the college has not yet received any assistance from the government. in a petition to the minister today.
After the confirmation of the office bearers, a speech was delivered by the President, Commander Shangpliang.
Police on receipt of the complaint have immediately arrested Bah Khrawbok Shylla and are conducting further investigation.
The union has issued this warning on the allegation that a foreigner in these days, who went to the government office in charge of cleaning and sewing clothes from the cotton wool. Before giving the training, the foreigner invited the Khasi women to send her to cook jhur at his house. The villagers who saw this and conducted a search operation for this person, in which the union after receiving information about this, tried to conduct a search operation. However, the foreigner fled the scene and did not come back to continue the training.
Shillong, June 19: The Election Department of the Meghalaya Government has directed the three District Councils in the state to purchase their own EVM machines for the MDC elections to be held this year. to come.
The most surprising thing about this village is that all the households here now plant and cultivate the famous shynrai Lakadong, and this has happened because of the new method of saindur and the hard work of a woman, who shows a good example and a pioneer.
So far, 22 cases have been confirmed, bringing the total number of cases to 36, 13 recoveries and one death.
The Seng also sends its best wishes to all the participants who will represent the State in this tournament.
Himalaya said that only these people can preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi people. On his part, as an MLA, he strongly supports the need to preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi people.
Shillong, Nailut 01: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA of Jirang on Tuesday said that he has no complaints regarding the development works whether they come from Assam or Meghalaya. I am afraid that Assam will take over the land of Meghalaya”.
He said that since the electricity was supplied in 2022, but the light has been on for only 12 months and has been out for a long time. The Sordar of Sohynduh has requested the government to take action. they shall have light.
Shillong, July 23: The celebration of Meghalaya Day has reached 45 years, but the state has not yet achieved political independence, but has not yet achieved its own border.
He alleged that the opposition is taking this opportunity as a political opportunity to mislead the people that only the ILP can prevent the influx of foreigners.
These four books include Mother: A Root of Generations, The Forty in the Bible, The Treasury of Knowledge and The Precious Gifts of Nature. Western Synod, Mission Compound, Shillong.
The union also urges all the people to cooperate at this time and to respect the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to avoid the spread of Covid 19 and to avoid the long lockdown. .
Since the inception of the BJP in Meghalaya, all the State Presidents have come from the Khasi Hills and this will be the first time for the BJP to get a State President from the Garo Hills. the MP election.
He launched the cycle at the Youth Hostel, Shillong at 6:30 pm.
“Therefore, the approval of the Governor does not require the CEM to be elected by the Council.
From the NPP, Prestone Tynsong, Sniawbhlang Dkhar, James K Sangma and Comingone Ymbon have been elected to the Cabinet.
Jowai, Naitung 25: The Chairman of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) Bah LS Shylla today sent a letter to the Chairman of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) Bah LS Shylla to inform that journalists from the area will not be allowed to participate in the meeting. wrote the news of the JHADC dorbar because the office could not provide the documents brought into the dorbar.
On the part of the DC, he promised not to release the gang from the hands of the law and promised to take action to ensure the rights of the family.
The Government should conduct an independent inquiry whether the policeman threw the bomb by himself or whether there were officers who authorized him to do so illegally,” said the statement.
When asked what they talked about today, he said he cannot say anything because it is not his job to talk, his job is only to inform the state government. and to the federal government what they had been talking about.
Speaking to SP News Agency, at his office in Jowai, he said that the meeting was held with the members of the Coordination Committee on International Border (CCIB). to the land owners to get information regarding the purpose of the land.
BJP Meghalaya Spokesperson Bah Mariahom Kharkhrang said, “We are gathering here not only as a sign of opposition to anything. but to convey to the Vice President of India as a whole that we do not agree with this incident.
Speaking to reporters, Dr War said that the visitor to Meghalaya was from Assam on 21/November 2021 and on that day he was tested for COVID-19 at Umling. and his accommodation was at a guest house in Langkyrding, but before reaching Shillong he was called from home and had to leave.
In this regard, the relevant department has conducted an investigation from Janmit 13th June 2023 on this allegation. The investigation is ongoing and will take about 2 to 3 days. to get a report whether this allegation is true or not.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today called on the leadership of political parties regarding the counting of votes on the 4th July/2024 for the MP elections. The Lok Sabha is the 1st Shillong Parliamentary (ST) Constituency.
Shillong, July 30: There are 14 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 5 cases in West Garo Hills and 9 cases in West Garo Hills. It has risen to
The return of people to their home state has started since yesterday and the MLA urged all the villages to work together and respect each other without any feelings.
The overall voter turnout was 60 %.
Soon the Meghalaya government will introduce MUDA laws in Mawkyrwat, Nongstoin, Nongpoh, Khliehriat, Smit and so on and all those who build houses will be shocked.
However, it is said that he has often reminded the State President on the issues proposed to do something to strengthen the party in all aspects especially due to the internal conflict within the party in the state.
On the other hand, the Maxi Cab drivers said that they will now wait for the date scheduled by the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB).
At the same time, the union urges to set up more checkpoints for the authorities on the NH-6, as many of these smugglers from Bangladesh come through the forests of Bangladesh. thian Leaf.
The most important thing is the safety and protection of our fellow citizens living on the border with Assam as well as those living on the border with Bangladesh,” he said.
In other districts, South Garo Hills 1 civilian, East Jaintia Hills 4 civilian and 2 foreigners, Ri Bhoi 6 civilian and 1 civilian civilians and 9 BSF personnel in West Garo Hills.
Shillong, June 04: Former Minister of State and former CEM of JHADC, Bah ECB Bamon from the NCP today joined the Congress party.
After the meeting with the Executive Engineer of the PHE Investigation Division, the FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle leaders, accompanied by Bah Dundee Khongsit, General-Secy, immediately called for an explanation. FKJGP Central Body has met with the Chief Engineer of PHE, where the CE PHE has promised to take action and promised before the leaders of the Seng that PHE will fight to improve the existing schemes. At the same time, as part of addressing the problems of the three villages (Mawnianglah, Mawkhan & Mawrashe), the Department has prepared a proposal to the State Government for approval.
B Basaiawmoit Secretary of the Executive Committee of KHADC said that the JHADC has informed that they will not be able to attend the meeting as there are no meetings already scheduled within the JHADC. , Jymmang 03: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah PN Syiem today told the members of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) that whether they receive or not receive the NOC from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), The KHADC government is ready to invest T.25 crore for the repair of the road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji.
When people look at it, they see that there are seven MLAs from one house and others are their followers. His help is for this reason that they will follow because they are friends of other than Bah Charles Pyngrope.
Subhasankar Debsarma Biswas also presented the presentation to the Minister and informed about the implementation of the project.
So, when the biggest crisis in 100 years came, we decided to rescue our small businesses and strengthen them.
Publicity Secretary Poibiang Lamare concluded the statement.
In his speech, Commissioner & Secretary, P.Sampath Kumar said that the work through this 100 days bill scheme has improved the time and the government now has a plan to build 7000 bills. sources throughout the state.
Dozens of office bearers of the Umsning Town Committee, Bah Dipul Ryntathiang and other dignitaries were also present. old.
Shillong, November 17: U SC Sadhu Secretary, Finance Department, Meghalaya Government today informed all the departments of the State Government to pay the salaries of government employees and pension allowances during the Christmas holidays. on Friday 21/12/2
Shillong, July 31: Today is the opening day for the filing of nomination papers for the MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly to be held on 27/2/2
The driver of the truck, instead of stopping the vehicle, drove fast to escape being caught by the BSF. Pump, Nozzle.
He said that as a father he strongly condemns all these incidents and said that the law will do whatever is necessary to punish those who have committed the crime.
Perhaps it was for this reason that the French named the Cossayah Hills Political Agency.
The Supreme Court has ruled that those who have not passed the MPSC or DSC examinations, or those who have not followed the appointment rules and have not paid their salaries, have been recognized as government employees. However, there are a few who have not been recognized as government employees.
He said that many of the students do not reach their goals as their parents want, it is because instead of focusing on their studies they expel them. ap to the nation.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: Members of the Central Executive Council of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) under the leadership of General Secretary Donald V Thabah, Sonstar Nongkhlaw and Reuben A Najiar today met with the Chief Minister of Manipur. Biren Singh to speak on the persecution of Khasi in Manipur.
Judo is the only martial arts sport to have been included in the Olympic Games since 1964 and 1984 for both men and women.
The Seng strongly urges the law enforcement agencies to arrest and punish according to the law, said the statement.
Jibon Singh, Wailadmi Passah, Lalchhuanmawia fanai, Robin Gurung, C.lallawmzuala, Samuel Shadap, Taisuke matsugae, Ongnam milan Singh, Boithang haokip, Lalrammuana, Redeem Tlang, Bipin Singh, Singam Subash Singh, Shaikho Ruhaborolang glenn tuboi, room.
New, Delhi, Nailur 30: The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) today issued a new directive for the reopening of businesses in areas outside the Containment Zones.
The Dorbar Bah will start at 11 am with a march from Jaiaw Jingthang Briew and end at Madan Student and at 12 noon there will be a public meeting at Madan Student.
Jowai, July 07: The All Jaintia Youth Welfare Organization (AJYWO-EJZ) through its President Bah Wanshwa S. Suting has demanded that the Deputy Commissioner and the District Transport Officer of East Jaintia Hills District should Private vehicles operating in East Jaintia Hills District have been arrested.
The DIG said the state police department is trying to find out whether the NLCN has any links with any armed group from Nagaland.
In this ceremony, a bull and a white goat were sacrificed by the priest and the sword to kill the goat was handed over by the Syiem of the kingdom. he shall kill the goat to perform the ritual.
“As an advisor to the Budget Dorbar and for the sake of the elected leaders, it is necessary that all members of the Dorbar should be able to understand the true meaning and participate in debates.
These unidentified persons had announced to seize the weapons of the BSF, so they had to shoot again for the second time. One person was killed and another Bangladeshi smuggler was also injured.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has estimated that 12,81,593 people have been vaccinated against COVID-19 so far.
If the NDA government has any intention for the benefit of the students especially the low paid JEE and NEE examination candidates, it should hold the examination at the headquarters of the NDA government. Districts where students can take their examinations online and at the same time off-line.
The Chief Minister also informed that two government ministers have been sent to Garo Hills to visit to find out the facts.
Brandon Sunn, one of the founders of NE Entertainment, said that the goal is to receive 25 talented entertainers from among those who have applied. Models for the display of dresses and those who will dress them will be 40 dressers.
The Seng has met with the Executive Engineer of PWD Nongpoh Division and demanded that the EE PWD Nongpoh should take action against the contractor who has taken the contract for the construction of the bridge. he shall finish it quickly within two days.
Members of all the political parties have gathered at the protest site to demand that the government should implement the gates to check those who enter and leave. who came from the bar state to this state.
In his speech, the President said that 2014 will be a year of relief from the suffering as in the past years it has brought suffering in the field of politics. .
The Finance Secretary of the JSU said that the police department should think twice before raiding the homes of the members of the Union. struggle for the life and death of the country and the nation.
The Government has already taken many measures to improve income in the state and the Government will work hard to ensure that in the next 40 years Meghalaya will be one of the leading states in the country. shiphew states have grown in India.
If anyone is found carrying more than the required amount, the money will be confiscated.
Shillong, Iaiong 15: A cold weather has hit Laitlyngkot area at noon today and the most affected are the rice farmers in the area.
On the other hand, the government wants to bring lasting peace in the state.
A special honor went to Sharmin Choudhury, who became the first woman from her family to study at the Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Shillong.
It is recalled that recently there was a murder of a woman in Umkiang area by Bangladeshis and now there is illegal trade in the area as due to the urgency of the work, the traffic has been banned. People within 5 km of the border into India from 6.00 pm to 5.00 pm.
Further intensification into a severe cyclonic storm is expected by the morning of May 26, 2024, over the northwest and adjoining northeast Bay of Bengal.
This workshop will provide an opportunity for women entrepreneurs to get information, share their experiences, suggestions on access to resources and support.
The award of Rs.5000/- for the Best ASHA of Mawkynrew Block 2017-18 was presented by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA and MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency. He is also the Minister of State who was the chief guest.
We hope that the authorities will take measures to look into this to open up many opportunities for the children and youth in many areas which are the future of the country.
Shillong, Nailur 29: U Samla Pynshngain Langpen today became the winner of the Bodybuilding Competition organized by the Meghalaya Body Building Association (MBBA) at Asom Kristi Kendra, Shillong.
The protest of the teachers who have completed the special training in teaching jobs is that the authorities in charge of NIOS have failed to release their results. teacher which has been since last year where there have been many mistakes.
To complete this road in this village, the government has now decided whether to run from Jan Block to Umran Dairy by passing through the village or whether it wants to pass through this road. depending on the government, as civilians they just want to see the work done.
“In each of these events, there are surprises and shocks which have greatly affected the animals and birds within the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary.
Meanwhile, BSF troops at Baldamgiri, South West Garo Hills district have seized 3 kilograms of heroin which was intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh. himself to escape arrest.
Lytan Working President said that in these days they will receive a letter from the Election Commission of India and after receiving the letter they will submit an application to request for the shap of the Election Commission of India. you party.
Speaking on the tourism sector, he said that it is an example of such an industry which has no impact on the environment.
Our athletes have raised India’s profile among countries.
Ardent said that when they formed the government, they held a prayer but later followed with theft and fraud because they prayed only to mislead the people. the hope that they will win from all the places where they will contest.
They urged the CEM to take action on this issue as even the banks give loans only to those who bring Dulir registered with the office of the Deputy Commissioner.
The KSU Laban on Friday lodged a complaint with the Chairman of MeECL alleging that some of those who were allowed to ring light illegally in the area. MeECL has sent its personnel to the area to cut off those who have been accused of illegally ringing.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has nominated two MLA candidates for the 2023 Lok Sabha elections. One of the leaders of Mairang Constituency.
The appointment of Bah Brolding as Minister of State is to fill the vacant seat left by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh from the UDP before he contested the election for the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
Thousands of people from all over the country attended the 113th Anniversary of the Shad Suk Mynsiem organized by the Seng Khasi Seng Kmie at Weiking Square.
The BSF said that this area has been used by smugglers such as sugarcane and cows, piat, kyiad and many smugglers have been smuggling from this area. investigation to find out the truth.
Young Edilbirt Ryndongsngi in the Elite, and 85kg.
Shillong, November 01: The State Government has appointed a Search Committee to help resolve the issues of Meghalaya SSA School Education (MSSASA) teachers in the state.
After investigation and testing, it was found to be heroin and the total weight of the drugs was 107.78 grams. A case has been registered against the suspect at Madanriting police station. Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Rangbah Shnongs of Umroi area which includes four villages under the leadership of Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuki today met with the Minister in charge of NDPS. U Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar to request the government to release the four villages from the recognition of the Umroi area as the government.
John F Kharshiing said.
Under the social agreement, the Dimasa Welfare Council will be established by the Government of Assam to protect, preserve and promote society and rights.
Speaking to reporters, Bah A Dkhar Vice President of the UDP, said that after discussions and receiving feedback from all the District Presidents of the party, the party has decided to take Dr Mawthoh as the new President. the party's candidate for the Lok Sabha MP elections.
Officers and staff of NSSO (FOD) RO Shillong were present at the programme.
On the part of the family, we pray that God will grant rest to his soul.
They freed themselves from the shackles of lenders and enhanced their borrowing capacity from banks.
In another incident, police recovered a body from the forest and the deceased was identified as Silnam N. Marak, 22 years old.
Encouraging the promotion and regulation of self-employment can be another way to further develop this scheme.
The SP News Agency has written this news after the state government has already released the FCI for three months.
Shillong, Lber 31: Unidentified persons have set fire to a bridge at Photkroh village in South West Khasi Hills District on the night of the 30th of this month.
Seven persons were arrested from different parts of Khasi Jaintia Hills and one child was arrested from Khasi Hills. An ejahar has been registered against them in Indian crimes. Penal Code and illegal activities.
Therefore, to solve these problems, which the residents of our village, have been facing for decades, is only to bring the Block Office closer to the people, by releasing Ranikor Civil Sub-Division to include our villages in Mawkyrwat C&RD Block and also not to include our villages in the proposed Ranikor Civil Sub-Division. mentioned.
Shillong, Naitung 06: A group of MDCs of the People's Democratic Alliance (PDA) in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. to remove Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem from the post of CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Shillong, July 01: The State President of the Bharatiya Janata Yova Morcha (BJYM) Meghalaya has appointed Samla Manish Rynjah as its Vice-President.
He is sorry to leave the party but for reasons that cannot be avoided.
At this meeting, the Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya said that he was informed that at this meeting today there were experts, judges from the District Courts. Council, authorities, will speak and discuss at this meeting and this will be of great benefit.
of Meghalaya and this award will be even bigger as it has come through the Ministry of Youth Affairs & Sports, Govt.
According to sources, it is understood that the MDA has not convened a meeting to discuss the issue, but the discussions between the MLAs in the MDA government have started to discuss whom to elect. as the new speaker of the state legislature.
On the 15th of this month, a post mortem was conducted on the body at Shillong Civil Hospital.
The family members have requested video clippings to prove the allegation.
Others who have registered
This is the last time that the petition has been submitted to the government for 42 years. If the government does not do anything, they will not be able to hold a rally at the secretariat. to force the government to listen to their demands.
I am now here for the people and the people themselves will trust and vote for me," he said.
Therefore, I send my condolences to the family of these elders, although I am not able to be with them at this time, but I also put in my prayers that God will comfort and strengthen the soul of the deceased. and their own.
Shillong, March 13: The Headmaster of Mit Changdong Secondary School, Nongsyllei Secondary School, Fairson Kharjana, has urged the education department of the state government to allow the students to write the final examination of the SSLC in
This amount is for the period 2009 to
Not only that, a BJP Minister has expressed his dissatisfaction with the Cabinet's decision on the government's unilateral amnesty of income tax to AISs working in Meghalaya.
Regarding the request of MLA 54-West Guwahati Constituency RN Kalita, Bah Miechel Warjri sent this letter to the Minister of Road Construction, Government of Meghalaya on
There have been 537 recoveries from East Khasi Hills District, 253 from East Khasi Hills District and 84 from Ri Bhoi District. there are 58987 people.
Shillong, March 16: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the first duty of the government is to protect its own people.
He also reminded that all the food items we use in the state come from abroad, from fish, poultry, dohmasai and even pork, so he reminded that these are the jobs that the youth can do. to employ themselves and employ others as well and the market does not exist.
The seizure of money by the police during the elections has been in the tens of crores so far and the police have been giving an estimate of what they have seized every 48 hours.
This year, it was also demanded that Land Holding Certificates (LHC) should be issued to all Khasi households living in Mizoram.
Communication opens the door to success.
What the government has done in 2012 to introduce this Act is that it has violated the Central Government Act which cannot be done by the State Government. The MCRM Act 2012 but as the government this year has introduced amendments and what the churches want has been achieved, on this basis they will lift the smoking ban.
Speaking to SP News Agency, police said that the child is currently undergoing treatment at the hospital.
Meanwhile, four HSPDP MLAs did not vote as they had already decided not to take part in the presidential election.
MCCL initially produced dewbilat known as Wet Fed and in 2006 it was converted to Dry Fed, but due to problems, the plant was closed down in
Titosstarwell said the UDP party has already held a meeting in the past few days and in the coming days the party will hold another meeting to start recognizing the candidates in the constituencies. .
On this occasion, the Minister said that many of the diseases that people get are due to uncleanliness.
Using the Mother App on their phones, ANMs can collect all the information about poor mothers including age, risk factors, date of birth, when they went to check, accommodation and other information.
“Bobby's claim that HANM Mairang Circle has been dissolved is misleading, all the members are within the party,” said Saiñborlang Basaiawmoit.
The Ministers who were present were Lahkmen Rymbui, Hamletson Dohling and Kyrmen Shylla.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of 19-Shillong South on Tuesday met with the National General Secretary of the party, Ram Madhav. The BJP is one of the parties in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) coalition government.
Until these days, these small parties have not dared to express or stand against the BJP, only the Congress party has stood to protect the rights of the people from the BJP's violence against the people of Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Warjri said the government should take strong laws to punish the perpetrators. those who are involved in this incident feel that the soul of man is no longer there.
“In the past few days, I have already told my friends that there will be another storm and a car accident in this area,” said one of the elders of the village.
The discovery of the body of this child has shocked the residents of the village as recently the body of a young child who went missing from Umlyngka was also found from Umiam Pond.
On this occasion, they talked many things about the land which falls under the raid Nongtung Block II, in which they really want and desire as the party and the land owners in this boundary arrangement, but what is wrong is that There are two Umlets, one Umlet in Mawlasnia, but the true Umlet is the Ummat.
The people of this road have been in darkness because we don't know what's going on, until the government authorities in charge of this road have left it alone. “Some vehicles have not paid the road taxes, so that vehicles from the largest to the smallest are no longer allowed to pass through this road,” said Bah Kyrshan Dkhar.
We hope that the investigation by the CBI will be satisfactory, according to a statement sent by Herman Nongrum President and Aristotle Lyngdoh General Secretary.
The celebration was held at Tirot Singh Memorial Hall, Pyndengumiong, Mairang in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner, Bah W. Nongsiej as the chief guest.
The vehicle will not go around the villages to announce to the public to invite them to the Festival which will be held from the 22nd of March to the 24th of March
The BSF has placed under the supervision of Deputy Inspector General Shillong Sector Avtar Singh Shahi to strengthen the fight against smuggling to Bangladesh from Meghalaya.
There is a vice versa belief that people are desperate or foolish.
Offices, shops in the village are kindly requested to come out on this day at the school village to clean up the village with the bringing of mohkhiew, borsha, wait etc. Happy New Year to all of you in Ladweitang.
Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa in a statement sent to the media said that on Thursday last month, police received a tip at about 6.30 pm. The driver of the truck, Shakeep Sheik, who was trapped inside the cabin of the truck, was identified as Shakeep Sheik. The victim was rushed to the Civil Hospital, Khliehriat for treatment.
In Meghalaya, the State Government has taken action on this issue, recently the district authorities like West Jaintia Hills and others have banned the use of plastics below 50 microns.
Pala said he is ready to assist those who will appeal to the Supreme Court regarding the casino. If the Congress comes to power, the casino will not be allowed to come to Meghalaya. bring policies for the benefit of the people.
It is worth mentioning that Bah Nongrem was one of the leading leaders of the Congress party in SWKH District, but with the arrival of Martin M Danggo in the party he has joined the party. Shillong, Naitung 08: Students from Paren District of Nagaland today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, the MLA of this area, Bah Adelbert, said that the police should be vigilant and should be strengthened in many areas so that such incidents do not happen from time to time. At this time, because of the COVID-19 pandemic, it has affected the livelihood of the people.
He has also participated in UN Peace Keeping in Mozambique and is one of the leaders of the UN DPKO in New York. it will help to be with this army and the people of this area.
HNYF Mawsynram Circle sends its condolences and prays that the Creator will come to console the family members and loved ones even in the midst of this sad and unthinkable incident. I also wish the injured who have been admitted to Mawsynram, Civil Hospital Shillong and other hospitals a speedy recovery.
As EH Carr said, "A pursuer of history without facts is groundless, facts without a pursuer of history is dead and meaningless".
Regarding the government's delay in providing assistance to the ANVC rebels who have come to talk peace with the government for two years, the government should take action on this issue as there is a danger. They will return to their old ways and this will make them worse.
Bah S Kharjana OC of Mairang said that parents should be friends with their children especially those who are young to avoid these problems later. because the law is there.
The two organizations (FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle and KSU Upper Shillong Circle) have decided to stand firm until the end and will not allow the attempt of the army to succeed as planned by anyone. in man.
Rilinda Khmah, wife of Bah Roning Nongkynrih, who was shot dead by the Border Security Force (BSF) on the night of 6th June, 2023 at Mawshun, Pynursla Sub-Division, She has not received any assistance from the BSF although the State Government has recently announced that it will discuss with the BSF to pay the compensation.
The DC's office said that if anyone does not distribute the rice or gives bad rice and someone takes more than the price set by the government, they should inform the office of the Deputy. Commissioner.
On the other hand, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Chairman, KHADC, expressed his pleasure to meet and discuss this issue and expressed his readiness to meet with the Executive Committee, KHADC to take action. on this.
An ED team of 12 officers arrived at Kejriwal's residence with a search warrant on Friday evening and interrogated him before arresting him.
Shillong, Nailar 24 : The Deputy Commissioner cum Chairman of the Rural Development Agency, Shillong, on Tuesday said that as part of the Government of India's plan to provide assistance to 20,535 beneficiaries through the portion of the PMAY-G housing scheme, and that the funds will be released to all the beneficiaries so that they can complete the construction of their houses by March ).
He said that the peace and prosperity of Manipur is an important issue for us, and ordered the officers to take strong action against any act that disrupts the peace and order.
At the same time, the exemption from the CAA 2019 from the Sixth Schedule areas has prevented other Khasi-Jaintia and Garo people who have entered or fled from Bangladesh to live together. we para where para kha.
Therefore, as the Seng, we don't want to hear any more complaints from the public regarding this in the future but we urge all the employees to work hard and cooperate with us as the Seng.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The AJYWO Central Body, which is one of the 13 synrop organizations in Meghalaya, has demanded to curb the illegal entry and exit of mynder in Meghalaya. In a statement issued by Bah MH Dkhar, President of the party.
“All the people and experts of the country should come forward to participate in this," he said.
Referring to the road construction department, he said that out of the five states, Meghalaya has been selected to receive the PMGSY Road Project-II from the World Bank. Under this scheme, 290 roads will be constructed at a cost of T.810.42 crore.
India has received more than 1,300 technology startups last year, bringing the number of technology startups to about 25,000 to 27,0
Shillong, Iaiong 20: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today called a meeting with the companies that have signed a memorandum of understanding with the state government to generate electricity in Meghalaya. and similarly from private sector companies.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 29: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday visited three cities to inspect the production of drugs in these areas.
Under the North Eastern Region Power System Improvement Project (NERPSIP), 14 electrification projects are being implemented in Garo Hills.
Shillong, November 21 : The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) led by its President, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, Reuben Najiar (Asst.General Secretary) and Manly Nongpluh (Finance Secretary) on the evening of 21st November Ampareen Lyngdoh, Cabinet Minister, Government of Meghalaya, on the appointment of jobs at NEIGRIHMS which has caused many problems.
Meghalaya has 12 villages, West Bengal 780, Kerala 461 and Tamil Nadu 376 villages. , Maharashtra-279, Uttar Pradesh-267, Andhra Pradesh and Telangana-228, Jharkhand-188, Gujarat-153, Karnataka-127, Assam-126, Odisha-116, Madhya Pradesh-112, Rajasthan-114, Punjab Haryana-14, Bihar-60, Goa-56, Uttarakhand-42, Jammu & Kashmir-36, Tripura-26, Manipur-23, Chattisgarh-14, , Nagaland-7, Himachal Pradesh-3, Arunachal Pradesh-1 and Mizoram -0.
The testing is being conducted to enhance emergency communication during disasters and ensure the safety and well-being of citizens.
“Through the monitoring, the villages in Mawlai which were not covered by the 100 days scheme have now been converted into Census Villages and not Census Towns,” said Bah Pathaw. he is an MDC elected by the people.
He also urged the people to stop calling the people living in Mawlong Market Area 'Harijan Colony', 'Punjabi Colony' or 'Sweepers' Lane'
This consultation should be conducted in a democratic manner.
He added that the initiatives of the government are showing positive results.
The Kaziranga National Park is located in the lowlands of the Barmaputra River. Therefore, when it rains, there is flooding. animal.
Many Congress MLAs want the AICC to listen to the feelings of the majority and as it is now, if the AICC does not listen to the demands of the MLAs who are in the majority, it will be destroyed. The Congress party has not been able to achieve this goal.
Meanwhile, Meghalaya, which owns the land, became the second best state with one gold, seven silver and four bronze medals.
The union cannot just listen and sit idly by to see that the government has started selling the rights of the people of the state to private companies without thinking carefully about the unemployment of many youth. of those of us who have graduated and other qualifications to lose their jobs in all parts of the state.
The Chief Minister's E-Champion Challenge and the PRIME Incubation Program are the two cornerstones of this effort.
In Tura seat, there are 8,26,156 lakh voters.
Conducting the meeting, the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, called for the cooperation of the residents in the fight against the spread of drugs.
The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of Vajpayee and said it is a great loss to the entire country. Different sources have expressed their deep sorrow over the passing away of this great leader of the country.
Shillong, March 26: The KSU Mawkyrwat Circle under the leadership of Plosbor Kharjahrin, Organizing Secretary of the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, has conducted a search operation to find more weapons. This month, the union has raided 10 illegal immigrants who came to work for the Ultra Marathon and found that these 10 people do not have work permits and proper documents. to prove their origin.
The Congress leader said that there is an understanding between the TMC and the BJP, why the TMC is a party of The Indian team can work with the Congress in West Bengal if they have done in West Bengal and in Meghalaya they will do the same.
Before getting light in their homes, citizens have to prove their ownership of the land or house where they live.
Therefore, the Union has warned the contractors not to bring in foreign workers who do not have the necessary documents of the contractors. who are against the society in the village.
AICC Spokesperson Anuma Acharya told reporters at Congress Bhavan Shillong today that the march will have nothing to do with politics but is only to meet with the people of Congress. this country and to discuss the problems they face.
The HYC has decided to continue its strike at the Additional Secretariat.
When asked by SP News Agency whether it is true that the BJP has gone to form a government in Meghalaya, he said, “No. you still have to ask".
Shillong, June 29: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Mawlai Circle has recently renewed its office bearers and elected Bah Sanbor Rapsang as its president, Bah Pynshailang Warjri as its general secretary and other office bearers.
Other leaders from other political parties who spoke on the occasion were Bah Lambor Malangniang, MLA Independent, Bah Ivanlumlang Marbaniang, President of the PDF, Bah Ivanlumlang Marbaniang, President of the PDF; HSPDP President KP Pangniang, NPP Leader Sniawbhalang Dhar and Chief Minister President of the NPP were also present on the occasion.
Secretary KSU West Khasi Hills district and Senior Faculty Bansara Institute of Optometry Science (BIOS) Bah Anton Decruse.
Shillong, November 18: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Sawmer Unit on Tuesday held the 2nd Mayshaphrang Academic Awards Extempore Speech 2016 at Sawmer, Upper Shillong at 2 pm.
Shillong, Lber, 28: Three civil society organizations from Mawlai area, including the KSU, FKJGP and HNYF, have visited Madan Heh, Phudmuri, Shillong. for the reason that the contractor who carried out this work did not attend on this day.
Over the past nine years, our cooperation with the UAE in areas as diverse as trade and investment, defense and security, food and energy security and education has rise good good shah.
The Minister of Power said that a letter should be sent to the MSERC to request for an increase in the light bill which has not been increased for many years.
The President of the VPP said that those who are competing for wealth and want the people to elect the rich have started to stand up for the rich and this government has started to distribute T.10,000 to them. and he shall be a farmer for six hundred and five years.
At this public meeting in which tens of thousands of people attended to support the KMSS, they demanded that an inquiry should be sent to the CBI to reveal all the facts.
As a party, we are also concerned about the rights of non-Khasi people,” he said.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that the total number of cases has risen to 17, 12 have recovered, 1 has died and the total number of cases has risen to This is the state of Meghalaya.
To recall that Sabina became Miss Shillong in 1995, this is the first time from Meghalaya to win such a contest and this will be an honor for the state in which she will emerge. India at the World Championships to be held in London.
The Working President of the Congress party, Deborah Marak, told SP News Agency that this is the responsibility of the prime minister.
The members of the Umdihar Presbyterian Church, Ribhoi District have mourned after the church was robbed by unidentified robbers on Thursday night and who destroyed the church furniture.
If all these schemes had been implemented properly, this area would have changed.
With this donation by Kong Chiarmon Dkhar to Moopynieiñ, her charity works in Wapungskur village have been completed today.
For the children of Jaintia Hills as well as the children of Khasi Hills, these editions will be held at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
Besides, the Minister of DoNER recalled that last year at the beginning of the first dam closure, the Department of Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER) had already started the work by installing T .25 crore to be used by the North Eastern States for preparations to fight the disease, although at that time the North Eastern States were not yet affected so much and many States like Sikkim and Manipur has been free of Coronavirus.
In his speech, the Director of SSA said that no matter what your intention is, you should pursue your career as a doctor, teacher, engineer, manager. to it government jobs, the important thing is that you have confidence in yourself.
As a benefit to these officers, Bah Paul said that the State Government has approved the proposal to increase the tuition fees for the programs up to T .15 lakh for which provisions have also been laid down as an example.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and all the Ministers of the MDA government have been present since the day he was brought from Delhi to Guwahati. Sohra and tomorrow morning there will be a last ceremony in Sohra.
However, he said the party has to consider the candidates before making any decision.
Convalescent serum therapy is not effective and can cause a lot of damage to the human body.
The Prime Minister said it is difficult to achieve the goal but it will be done to achieve the goal.
and Riyoo Sten (Private Party) of Barato Mukroh,
In recent months, the increase in the price of oil in the world market has led to an increase in the price of petrol and diesel at petrol and diesel outlets and this shortage has been around the world.
The training will be conducted by officers from the 1897 earthquake in Ri Khasi. the District, the army.
In this speech to the youth in Mawkhar today to urge them to be vigilant, the village officials of the Mawkhar Dorbar Shnong were also present and they also urged the youth to be vigilant.
The Government has ordered that from tonight onwards, old notes of 500 and 1000 notes cannot be exchanged, but what you can do is to deposit them in bank accounts to get new ones. .
The BJP is also deeply concerned about the violation of the NGT order as it appeared in the newspapers. The benefits to the people and the government but it is a problem where there is a struggle in terms of tax collection.
Justice Paul Lyngdoh General Secretary KNGCSU said that there are still many people in the state who doubt the Aadhaar. It has been issued on 15th March 2015 regarding Aadhaar in which it has made it clear that it cannot be used until another decision has been made.
Many of the passers-by said that the construction of the parking lot is to provide parking space, but for unknown reasons, the Shillong Municipal Board has not yet decided. grant permission to build more shops in the parking lot.
AICC leader Supriya said the people of the state want to know and ask the BJP and the Prime Minister whether the BJP will implement the Uniform Civil Code in Meghalaya. '.
In the letter, the Ar Sengbhalang said that they have received accurate information that the government through the PWD (Roads) department has already called an E-Tender for the Pasyih-Garampani road on 20th July The construction of this road at a distance of 26,982 km at a cost of 66,70,33,300.00 has been allocated under the Meghalaya Integrated Transport Project scheme.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: Air Chief Marshal BS Dhanoa PVSM, YSM, VM, ADC today arrived in Shillong and was welcomed by Air Marshal R. Nambiar, AOC-in-C, is not in charge of the Eastern Air Command.
He urged the party workers to work hard to bring a glorious victory.
The meaning of the word “" is victory and this is a tank made in India. This stamp is designed in the style of a foreign stamp called the Vickers Mark. -1.
AIM Meghalaya will also have to express its views on the education situation in the State especially on the children who have no access to education for the sake of rights and freedoms as they should receive through the EDUCATION POLICY. .
Senior state government officials participated in the programme.
After the appointment, the new Executive Committee will take over the work of the party.
As soon as the Khasi Students’ Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills District Unit, got information of the same, they rushed to the Hospital and confirmed that the equipment was indeed removed from the premises.
The meeting also decided that if the KHADC does not remove the Lyngdoh, the people of Nongwah-Mawtamur and the people of Sohiong Hima will turn to the KHADC to demand the removal of the current Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Nailar 29: In a statement issued by the Police Department today, they said that the public is aware that the abduction of women and children to be involved in illegal activities has become widespread in these days. and this is not only in this state but it is happening all over the world, that there are groups who do this kind of lowly work.
These runners became the messengers.
The petition also stated that as the market of Ri Khasi is only a market, to assist the farmers, there is a need for a market in the country so that the farmers can set the price of their products as it is. now the farmers cannot set the price of the crops at the price of the farmers.
All members of the Seng from different Units and Circles are requested to attend the meeting at the appointed time and place so that the objectives of the Seng will be carried out smoothly. .
In the Khasi culture, too, there are superstitions, but the most interesting thing is that there is another freedom of choice.
These MDCs who have won the mid-term MDC election will not be able to sign the documents as full MDCs until the Government announcement from the Governor that they have won the election. MDC mid-term will be announced on the 16th of this month.
Regarding the rural areas, the Food and Distribution Department will have to arrange how to ensure that the people in the rural areas can buy their food and drink according to their needs. and also through the media to inform the public.
Shillong, June 20: The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, AT Mandal, has not yet taken a decision on the post of Leader of the Opposition in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
The 58GTC Pipe Band also performed on the occasion.
The dewbilat factory has not received the necessary materials to start operations and this has caused problems in terms of income for the residents who work in the dewbilat factory. the Dust Factory.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Spiton said, “The Khasi people have their own day of the beginning of the year like other people and to celebrate it separately is necessary to know the heritage of the ancestors”.
KSU Ranikor Circle has spoken to Amyca and said, “First of all I thank God for being with me. Without him, I wouldn't have been able to reach this point. .
Shillong, Nailur 16: Replying to a question by HSPDP MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit on the construction of houses by Brahmaputra Realtor Private Limited within the border, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, said: He said the government has directed the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to investigate into the matter.
The union demanded that A Nikhla should be appointed as MD of the MTC. On the other hand, Bah Tining Dkhar, Commissioner and Secretary of the Transport Department, said that The department has already issued a government notice that the MD of MTC has been dismissed and replaced by another.
Regarding the pension, he said that teachers who joined before 2010 will receive the same pension, but those who joined after 2010 will receive the same pension as government employees. of the National Pension scheme.
also to the leaders of FKJGP East Khasi Hills District under the leadership of Bah Elton.
Speaking at the meeting, u Bah Teibor said, “If the people give me the opportunity to become a leader in the District Council, I will fight as much as I can to advocate in the House for the sake of the minority. crowd".
He said that this year the Seng will also bring a prominent coach from the state to witness the tournament.
Speeches were also delivered by JC Diengngan, Dinarson Syiemlieh, Roshem Myrthong and other supporters of the party.
He said that if it can be resolved, it will be possible to remove the corruption that has happened in the past which has been deposited in the accounts of private individuals.
The union also demands that the JHADC should issue Trading License and Employee's Service License from time to time throughout Jaintia Hills and also to close down all shops without Trading License to open up the doors to the indigenous people. Your job is to earn money in your own country.
Besides these two senior party leaders, the resignation of Dr. B. Marweiñ as President of the Women's Wing in Mawkyrwat Block as well as the resignation of Bah Valdo Lyngdoh as President of the Women's Wing in Mawkyrwat Block was also witnessed. District Youth President.
The purpose of these Zonal Conferences is to inform the State Governments, UT Administration on the three Missions of the Department to pave the way for the effective implementation of the schemes in the next 5 years according to the performance. together with the Central Government and the State Governments to ensure that the social changes as envisaged under the Missions are achieved for the benefit of the women and children of the country.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District has been informed of the discovery of these injection needles. officers will be sent to investigate.
Shillong, November 17: Tura MP Conrad K Sangma has lodged a complaint with Home Minister Rajnath Singh and Children's Home Minister Kiren Rijiju regarding the beating of priests. and priestly students in Madhya Pradesh.
Shillong, Naitung 22: Leaders of NESO, KSU, JACSO and LYWA after talks with the government have said that they will continue to oppose the proposal to build a two lane road to to the Mountain.
When asked whether anyone has come to apply for a No Objection Certificate to export to Bangladesh by buying shallan from other places, the Divisional Forest Officer said that the office has not yet received any. such applications have not been received.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, and Amit Pual sang together with Kishore Kumar's song “This participation of the Chief Minister in the song” more on this day.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The National Cadet Corps Girls (NCC) under 17 years old team has won the Subroto Cup International Football Tournament against the Sports Authority of India in the semi finals 2-1
The dance ended in the evening and after that the Hima Khyrim ceremony started inside the Sad Hall which no one is allowed to enter the ceremony.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 14: The SRS, under the leadership of its President, Field Marshall Mawphniang and Scalling Basaiawmoit, General Secretary, today met with the Deputy Commissioner (SRS). DC) Poonam Pandey at her office in Nongpoh.
Jowai, July 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today left for Jowai where he met with officers from the two districts, East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills. These two districts have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
During the meeting, they explained to him the state of peace and order in Garo Hills and the influx of foreigners into the area.
Regarding the shooting of union members in Saba Mukroh, the union has taken action and has spoken to the government to take strong action. The report from the DC of West Jaintia Hills is still awaited.
Therefore, the Seng has sent a letter to the Chairman of the Committee of the Assembly, as the Committee has its own authority to investigate this matter, in which it cannot call or ask for an count of the meeting. Meghalayans working in these central government offices in Meghalaya.
Grace M Kharpuri of HSPDP received Taxation and Education, Process T Sawkmie of KHNAM received Water Resources and Fisheries, Hadrian Lyngdoh of UDP received Council Building and Education. Donkupar Sumer of UDP received Market, Mines and Minerals and Rona Khymdeit of UDP received Law and Legal Matters and Marriage and Divorce.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The Cabinet today decided to set up nine BOPs on the border with Assam and the places where the government will set up police stations are areas of instability on the border. and the state of Assam.
The Minister of State for Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal, visited the Pump Storage Program at Purulia (PPSP), located in West Bengal, which has a capacity of 4×225 Mega Watts of electricity which has been implemented since 2007.
The weapons seized from the scene include a 7.65 pistol with three rounds of ammunition, three grenades, two laptops, four identity cards of Norok. Walsare C Marak Deputy C-In-C, Narga R Marak as General Secretary and Rilkam R Marak as Sgt Major.
Referring to the NGT's ban on coal mining, he said the government has immediately spoken to the central government regarding this problem faced by the people and has sought solutions. What are the ways to solve this problem?
After receiving the letter sent by the Chairman of the NCST to the Union Minister of Home Affairs, MHA, Government of India, the delegation met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma. on 13th Jan 2014, and handed him a copy of the letter received from the NCST, and requested him to take action to consider the matter.
He said that the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India on 11th October, 2024 has issued the Citizenship (Amendment) Rules, 2024 for the implementation of the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, .
Other speakers at the meeting were Panborlang Ryntathiang General Secretary, Starfing Pdahkasiej, Party Executive Member, Sucil Dkhar. The meeting was conducted by Wanshwa Nongtdu. Hundreds of people have joined the party.
Besides, many documents showing the sale of firearms were also seized.
One of the most important factors in building our country is the empowerment of the future generation.
“As soon as we received the information, we immediately went to the church to see the situation and the hostility of the robbers,” said Bah Shadap.
This is a memorable day that India has moved forward in democracy and the determination to maintain democracy and this new Assembly will strengthen the rule of law.
Other speakers at the meeting were Samla Laitphar Syngkrem President of War Jaintia Circle, Samla Leningrad Tariang, Samla Dakishanlang Malngiang, Assistant Office Secretary of Seng Kmie.
New Delhi, July 14: The World Health Organization (WHO) has recognized the National Institute of Indian Medical Heritage (NIIMH), Hyderabad, an institution under the Central Council for Research in Ayurvedic Sciences (CCRAS).
Shillong, July 15: U Bah J.Keniar Warjri, 92, passed away at his residence in Ichamati, Mawlong Sirdarship on his way to Shella.
On the other hand, the government under the provisions of the law, the government is helping them, but to say that the government will change the payment of the government will not be possible because the government has signed a contract with GVK and GVK. you appoint people.
Households below the poverty line can apply for Gas through Gas distributors within Nongstoin, by providing their name, bank account and other documents. The DC's office will only issue applications and not for gas.
In his speech, Bah Process said, “We have a working Chief Minister, that is why we have been able to hold this day to open this road”.
Shillong, Nailur 09: As part of the implementation of the Solid Waste Management Project in Shillong, Bah AL Hek MLA of Pynthorumkhrah in the presence of Rangbah Shnong has distributed 3000 garbage bags.
Assam through the NRC intends to expel or not recognize the post-1971 immigrants in the state who will lose all the benefits that Assam provides except for the requirements set by the United Nations. , namely food, housing and shelter.
The Minister said that these conferences are not only for the purpose of providing information on these three new laws but also for the purpose of gaining knowledge from those who are well versed in the field of law. Look at the areas that still need to be improved because the legal system in India is not stable but it is complex and flexible according to the needs of the times.
Pala said that it is now easier for the Congress party to reach out to the people because the candidates are not yet qualified. Many of the candidates are educated and retired officers. there is no doubt that they will do better now than they did last time.
He said that there are more than 1000 students in the state who have joined the NCC and with the increase in the number of training centers in schools this will increase the number of students and the NCC because the goal is to bring about order in all aspects.
The sohsaw was bought from the market in Iewduh and transported to the border and smuggled to Bangladesh.
All the people are now looking to the government led by Conrad K Sangma as Chief Minister to provide the best services to the people in all aspects, but if this government goes wrong If you take this decision, the people of the area will lose confidence in the government from now on,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
The party stands firmly on the grounds of supporting the KHADC that this Bill should become law soon to protect the jaidbynriew.
“The first reason is to explain to all the MDCs, what will be the impact if this government announcement is implemented if the Code of Criminal Procedure and the Criminal Procedure Code are implemented. ".
Heavy rain with thundershowers and gusty winds (30-40 kmph) are expected in the Gangetic districts of West Bengal, Bihar, Jharkhand and Odisha for the next five days.
Bah Kharsyntiew said that if the people follow the rules, the disease will decrease and the government will allow them to go to earn money because as it is now, the people have suffered a lot because of this. plague.
Other issues approved by the Cabinet include the increase in the salary of MLAs from T.600/- to T.1200/- tyngka , one is to pay the driver's fee of former MLAs T.10000/- per month and T.2000/- per annum.
The celebration was inaugurated by Additional Chief Secretary Hector Marwein in the presence of CEO FR Kharkongor.
“Recently, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare informed that seven companies have applied for the EMRI-108 and out of these, three have been selected to submit the tender.
Avoid jamming streams, rivers and streams during floods.
Shillong, November 15: The CEO of NE Starlight Entertainment, Bryan K Sangma today announced that the two-day Fashion Design Festival will be held on 18th and 19th July 2024 at Hotel Vivanta. .
The UDP has sought clarification from Bah PN Syiem on nine issues and the CEM of KHADC, Bah Syiem has sent a letter to the MDCs of the UDP, in which he said that the five issues Three issues have already been discussed in the Executive Committee and at the meeting of the PDF and MDC(S) from the UDP they will explain to the party.
“Unfortunately, these foreigners who were arrested have escaped, but when they were arrested and arrested again, the members of the Sengbhalang were charged under various provisions of the law and accused of involvement in various incidents. “It is clear that it is a violation of the human rights of those who demand the rights of the jaidbynriew,” said Fredrick Kharmawphlang. He also strongly condemned the arrest and allegation by the police of Eldie N Lyngdoh, Information and Publicity Secretary of FKJGP, that he was involved in the petrol bomb blast at the puja pandal in Umsning. He said that the arrest and charges against the members of the Sengbhalang have been unfounded and it is only a ploy of the police to arrest him. you are more and more.
Furthermore, the outstanding amount of T.53 crore for the MMBS and MABS, which has been pending since 2013, has been released in the state between 2021-2022, which is another milestone.
The Director of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government in a statement sent to the media said, “The damage and destruction of Government property is a crime against the being punished.
Meghalaya currently generates electricity from five hydroelectric power plants with a capacity of 355 megawatts, while purchasing another 228 megawatts from central government power plants.
The arrested said they were threatened that if they escaped, they would call the GNLA to shoot them.
Shillong, November 01: The Services Sports Control Board (SEB) on Tuesday announced the title of the 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship at the SAI Indoor Hall. They have won 10 victories in this final.
In Meghalaya, out of 600,000 lakh households, about 400,000 households have benefited from the delivery of water supply implemented through this scheme, up to 61% of the households.
While other State Parties are weak and do not have the power to run or provide stable governance and many times many Governments and Executive Committees led by the National Parties last only a short period of time. He said that the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people are too small compared to other people.
Not only in Shillong, the KSU has also increased the issuance of Work Permits in various offices in Khasi and Jaintia Hills which is still ongoing.
When questioned, they said that they came from Umsning on foot. They said that they came from Umsning on foot. They said that they came from Umsning on foot. They are not those who have come from outside the state or those who have come from the Umsning area.
Furthermore, the owners of sha and ja shops should provide a cooking area and put hand sanitizer in front of the shop, should use leaves and paper to serve food or sha to the customers and should not use plates or cutlery. plastic.
In the way the band writes songs, it always knows why it writes songs and for whom, but the song 'Survive' is very strange, because it is not known exactly what it means. , until a dark cloud came over the group, with the death of one of the members, Bah Baiaineh C.Shangpliang, who was fondly called 'Nah'
The purpose of this training is to educate the people how to protect themselves from the earthquake. The participants included SDRF, Civil Defence, MPRO, Police, Health Department, Fire Department, MeECL, PWD, EMRI 108, NCC volunteers, Bharat Scouts and Guides, Indian Red Cross Society.
“As the people, we have hope that the young man will lead us in many areas because he is still old enough to carry the burden of the constituency for many years. “It's not like those who are older and have lost their physical strength and these two elders will not be able to serve for many years for the people of the constituency as a whole,” said another. from the crowd while talking to a reporter.
Out of the 14 districts in the state, 47,096 people have tested positive for COVID-19, followed by West Garo Hills with 10,725, Ri Bhoi with 10,323 and West Jaintia Hills with
The cause of the fire is still unknown.
Police have conducted the raid after receiving a tip that there will be illegal traffickers passing through the GS Road. They seized the vehicle and recovered these items.
Because We’ve been preparing for months.
On the same day, a wreath laying ceremony was held in front of the statue of Mahatma Gandhi by the state government officials.
Shillong, March 20: U Bah Wanshuwa Nongtdu, President of the East Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday met with government ministers and officers to inform the government that the There is no need to have an office of the District Forest Officer.
Shillong, November 26: Three new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills today.
The union has suggested to the DC not to allow the chiefs, villages to authorize them or any other person to take over or manage the rivers.
The SP News Agency has issued the order as it stands.
Regarding the suspension of MBBS courses at the hospital, the Union Health Minister has promised to take action to resolve the issue. The Union Minister has promised to recognize NEIGRIHMS as one of the doctoral colleges and to release the fees of various departments, he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem today said that they will provide assistance to the Mawroh School. strength.
In order to maintain peace and order on the border between Meghalaya and Assam due to the upcoming Lok Sabha elections, the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah Donald P. Wahlang, on Tuesday held a meeting with the Additional Chief Secretary. Home (Police), Director General of Police Lajja Ram Bishnoi, Commissioner and Secretary, ERTS Sanjay Goyal, Chief Electoral Officer Dr BDR Tiwari, and its officers Election Department, Secretary Home (Police), Inspector General (IG) Frontier Headquarters, BSF Meghalaya and State Police Nodal Officers including MK Singh.
At this meeting, KAS urged the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to follow up on their demand and to introduce an official Bill in Parliament to include the Khasi language. and Garo in Article 5 of the Constitution of India.
The CAB also amends two articles of the Constitution of India, Article 14 and Article
The Union wants Assam vehicles to drop people from Assam or Guwahati only to Shillong, and from Shillong to rural areas or tourist tourism areas will be taken by state vehicles. they want to go.
: Within 24 hours, former Pator of Sumer Pastorship, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Remington Paslein has admitted that there was a theft of votes at Pala Polling Station in Sutnga Saipung Constituency in the Lok Sabha elections. The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal on Saturday sent a complaint to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal requesting for a thorough investigation through the CCTV footage installed inside the polling station. Station to find out the stolen voting as he alleged.
At present, all vehicles from Tripura, Mizoram and Lower Assam passing through Meghalaya have to enter Ri Bhoi District due to the lack of a single road. that riew old.
The Seng demands that the police should not be biased and should not be used only to arrest and detain Khasi youths as soon as something happens to foreigners and if there is an attack on the indigenous people they should not do anything.
Banshailang Khongwir General Secretary of the BJP Meghalaya Unit urged the people to attend the meeting tomorrow morning to hear for themselves the schemes of the NDA government. the public.
KHNAM also congratulates these leaders who have been elected by the people as leaders of the indigenous people for their ability to unite to speak out for the cause of the State. by darkness, gloom and destruction from the hands of the authorities and those who take advantage.
This award from the WHO will encourage us to abstain from tobacco use, to have a brighter, healthier future for the State as a whole.
He is also the grandson of Dr. HCC Wallang, also known as Dr. Hem, and Silincy Meris Kharsyntiew.
If anyone finds anything, please inform the office as this is a corruption and those who do it will be punished according to the law.
No casualties or casualties were reported in the petrol bomb blast.
This year's theme is “Let Us Fulfill Our Promise”.
We request all trainees from SSA, Govt, Ad hoc and Deficit teachers to come out on the 24th and 25th of this month to demand their rights.
Speaking to reporters, he said the strike will last for five days, starting on the 4th and ending on the 8th of June in Shillong.
The Government is ready to release the policy to promote cruise tourism.
On the other hand, the Governor in a letter said that if there is a need to send an inquiry, it should be done after talking to the Chief Minister. of District Councils and some have not followed the rules.
Police are conducting investigation to arrest the perpetrators.
Shillong, March 02: The GSU and AAYF today seized a police vehicle carrying illegally felled timber.
The kilo cut has affected the farmers as it continues today.
“This is only the beginning and not the end of the struggle against corruption in various departments of the government,” he said. The law to strengthen the cooperation by fulfilling the role assigned to them to provide a clean and transparent service, concluded Majaw.
On the other hand, the Principal Secretary, Labor Department, Government of Meghalaya, spoke on many of the laws and rules in the Government such as the Workers Act, 1996, the Child. Labor (Prohibition and Regulation) Act, 1986, the Inter State Migrant Workmen (Regulation of Employment and Conditions of Service) Act, 1979, the Unorganized Workers Social Security Act, 2008, the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961 and the  Labour System (Labour Bonded Abolition) Act, 1976.
Shillong, March 09: The BJP in Meghalaya has welcomed the decision of the civil society groups to suspend their protests from the 10th to the 16th of this month in honor of the Durga festival. Worship.
If you have any questions, please contact the following numbers:.
The students who attended the event had the opportunity to meet the stars of their favorite sports.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah K.Umdor, Executive Engineer, said that the delay in cleaning this road is due to the fact that the stones and soil above it have been removed. They have been able to complete the cleaning today and if it doesn't burn anymore tomorrow morning they will be able to release the vehicles.
Shillong, Naitung 25: Unidentified persons today set fire to government vehicles near Wahkaji in South West Khasi Hills District. in the middle of the day.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: BSF troops have seized 29 cows from Rattachera in West Jaintia Hills and East Khasi Hills districts within 24 hours.
To upgrade the Sub-Centre to the status of PHC, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has urged the Village Leaders to provide a large area of ​​land at least 5 acres for the purpose. Speaking to media, Bah Hek said that what prompted him to visit these health centers is because it is his duty as a public servant. and also as the Minister in charge of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for the provision of comprehensive services to the people of the state.
Tura, November 11: An employee of the Tura Municipal Board, Tura Municipal Board, was on his way to break the garbage at a garbage dump near Tura Super Market at 7.30 pm today. When he looked, he found that it was a bomb that had stolen the time.
Girls from Government Shelter Home for Girls, SOS Village, Umiam, Anne Margareth Barr, Kharang, East Khasi Hill, AV Thomas Children's Home, Shillong and St Mary's School were also present. Convent Orphanage ,Shillong.
Another issue is regarding the permission of the villages for any land, the government has taken, but to be known to the people, there should be a public hearing to know. and all the land shall be counted.
Friends, if we are patient and follow the rules, we can overcome this Corona virus.
Suchiang said the meeting will also be an opportunity to talk to the people who have been imprisoned in India and Bangladesh. and the Border Security Force of India.
Shillong, July 31: Tens of thousands of people from all over the Bri-U Hynniewtrep today attended a march organized by the Confederation of Hynniewtrep Social Organization (CSO) to express their opposition to the government. The CoHSO also invited all political parties in Meghalaya to participate in the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 led by the BJP. The meeting was attended by the UDP, PDF, HSPDP, BJP and KHNAM which are part of the NPP-led MDA government. The opposition Congress and the ruling NPP party in Meghalaya did not send anyone to the rally to oppose the CAB. The Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 of the Central Government has been called by the CoHSO although the group has called for all the political parties in the state.
Such baseless allegations not only endanger soldiers working in stressful conditions but also lead to avoidable conflicts.
According to many reports, there was no damage to houses or injuries in the cold weather.
Rymbai said that the RTI request from the EE of PWD (Road) Shangpung Division is because he has no intention of lodging a complaint with the Meghalaya State Lokayukta. long and well jotted.
At the meeting held at the Additional Secretariat, Bah Aristotle Rymbai in his speech said that the union has decided to demand from the government to release their salaries and arrears within the 20th. This month and if the government does not do so, they will not be able to appeal to the High Court.
Shillong has grown and developed and will soon be redeveloped as a smart city, so as market vendors we have a big role to play in advising the government authorities on the safety. Shillong should be the city of the people, the market vendors and also the rich people. The Minister in his speech as the chief guest praised the efforts of the market vendors association. to promote the market vendors and to ensure that the Government has the desire and intention to work for the welfare of all the residents and to bring about economic development for all.
Before sending it to the Governor, the Government has already considered the JHADC Bill. (SP News).
Speaking to SP News Agency, when they arrived at the blang farm, the staff of the government blang farm said that there are 80 blang goats as many of the mother goats have given birth. year.
This letter from the MHA is a testimony that the Sixth Schedule is no longer only for the Khasi because they have to involve themselves and sit in Dorbar with other ethnic groups in the life of the Sixth Schedule.
: The State Government has decided to allocate an additional 1.4 acres of land for the relocation of 342 households from Them Iew Mawlong. July, 2024.
The Government has issued the Meghalaya Minor Minerals Concession Rules,
We will build indoor stadiums in all five districts of Tripura.
Their demands are that the Government of Meghalaya should immediately arrest the police and Forest Guards involved in the shooting of their fellow citizens and that the case and trial should be held within the The Courts of Meghalaya are not in Assam.
On the other hand, the Rama Krishana Mission has struggled to reach the areas where the tribals are still lacking in many areas.
Shillong, July 23: The Ri Bhoi Youth Welfare Organization (RBYWO) has received a letter from the DC's office regarding the implementation of schemes through the Chief Minister. The funds were raised to T.50 lakh, said Ban Kharnaior, President.
Judah JM Wahlang joined the People's Democratic Front (PDF) in the presence of his father Rev PBM Basaiawmoit, his mother, mother, brothers and sisters and supporters from all over the country. at a meeting held at Nongbsap Village.
Shillong: Seven new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong today, one from East Khasi Hills, one from Ri Bhoi, one from South West Garo Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills. 1, West Khasi Hills
During the meeting, the KHADC listened to the complaint of the union regarding the problem of the cow market belonging to the Hima Mylliem in Khanapara which has been there for a long time.
After handing over the memorandum to Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs and Kyrmen Shylla, Local MLA and Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management, the leaders of the state government said: The MSCSO members expressed their gratitude to the two ministers after promising the members of the union to take care of this issue and to provide for its needs in relation to this demand. The youth of the Dong and Wapungskur Village are one of the evil deeds that affect the society in Wapungskur Village, concluded the statement.
He said that the state needs peace as the COVID-19 pandemic has affected the income of the people in the state as a whole. The government should ensure that evil should not be allowed to recur.
The President of the party also warned the members of the party or anyone who takes advantage of the opportunity to collect money in the name of the MLAoVI that the party itself has already dissolved.
Meanwhile, the Election Commission has said that the public display of any election-related images has been banned within 48 hours after the end of the campaign period.
The opposition is to the action he takes.
Regarding the committee, the Minister said that Meghalaya has not yet set up the committee which includes Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Nagaland, Sikkim, Daman & Diu, Dadra & Diu. City Haveli.
The market is the largest market in Meghalaya where people from all over the country come to buy pets.
Regarding this, he said that this is the responsibility of the state government, but as the Council will follow up on this and during the tenure of CEM of Bah HS Shylla there was a resolution in this regard. and this has been sent to the government.
The competition will be attended by the stars of the State as well as foreign artists.
It is also the Chief Mister of the State who has allowed this group to set up camp in this district. said Mr. Nongsiang.
The one who laughs, should have cried, the one who is happy, should have been alone.
The SP said that after receiving a tip, East Khasi Hills Police arrested Bah Storgy Lyngdoh from Mawlynrei village on Saturday morning and seized a Bangladeshi SIM card. and u.
The purpose of the farmers' market is to teach the people to use the foods available in their homes because these foods are more nutritious than eating foods that have been harvested. manufactured in factories.
The DC said that the organizers of the meeting have been asked to send the necessary documents but they have not sent them at all.
Shillong, July 13: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem today launched a garbage truck for the use of Pohkseh Village at a public meeting held at the ground floor of the Dorbar Hall.
Dr Mukul said he does not see any evidence from research to extend the first and second vaccinations from 12 or 16 months.
Bruno A Sangma, MPS, Commandant, SF-10, Shillong has been appointed as Superintendent of Police, F&ES, Tura.
Regarding this, the FKJGP this morning informed the government authorities that the bikes from Assam have gone up to Mawsikar where the people have blocked the road.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The North Eastern Hill University (NSU) has taken part in the All India Inter University Kickboxing Tournament for men held at Jaunpur, Uttar Pradesh from June 14 to on the 18th of June.
On the other hand, JACATCM feels that this action of the government has been without thinking. Not only does it work and the teachers will not be able to continue their strike. They will conclude the day with a public meeting at Madan Malki.
Answering questions, the Chief Minister said that the statement by the Chief Minister of Assam that Meghalaya has crossed the border 53 times with Assam is the answer in the House.
While others who do not have the documents have been asked to stop, the Deputy Commissioner has asked to call those owners of the Coke factories. They have not come and they have decided to suspend the letter sent since July this year but there are still those who have started to leave.
The Hima Umniuh-Tmar holds this festival every year with the aim of preserving its own culture as the Khasi people and at the same time to preserve its own culture. the kingdom which is known as the shad beh sing.
It is learned that in these days there has been no influx of Bangladeshis, but the incident in these days has shocked the people.
The Minister said that the Government has worked hard for more than 10 years to ensure that the people of the country can get the vaccine faster.
Thousands of people and supporters of the NPP party have gathered at the venue to take part in the campaign. you are the house of the state council.
"The VPP held a protest on Thursday last month and on Tuesday by turning to the Secretariat to demand the Government to re-appoint the three officers dismissed from Meghalaya. Lokayukta on the grounds of dismissal of three officers while investigating corruption against the family of the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma.
To date, 30 temporary shelters have been set up and 91 villages have been affected.
Hard work is ongoing to build roads and bridges in different parts of the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: There are 69 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 55 cases in Eastern Hills and 55 cases in Eastern Hills. West Khasi Hills 1, South Garo Hills 1, South West Garo Hills 2, West Garo Hills 6, West Jaintia Hills 3 cases.
Shillong, Naitung 14: A bomb exploded at the police station in Khliehriat at 1.40 pm today, said the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa. of East Jaintia Hills District.
On this occasion, there was a tree planting ceremony around the school by the students.
Women in the Indigenous community have led the way in environmental protection and shared their knowledge to promote adaptation and mitigation.
He said that the high price of food items has also affected the poor.
He was ahead of his time, because he had a keen sense of history.
Police of Mawlai Police station have launched an investigation to find out the cause of the fire. 13 vehicles were damaged in the fire.
After the KSU members entered the room , there was a heated argument between the CEM and the KSU members but in the end the CEM relented and talked to the KSU members about the work of the members The KSU Lakadong Unit also promised to take action on the demands of the KSU.
Police investigation revealed that the drugs were smuggled by Vicky Kipgen from Manipur.
Nongstoiñ Police Station has arrested Medius Mawlot from Mawkaton village on suspicion of involvement in the murder of Bah Macborn.
The BJP has agreed to form the Government for the third time in collaboration with its allies.
In order to reduce the number of daily deaths, the States have been advised to strengthen the facilities of nursing homes they have been specifically directed, to increase the number of single beds, oxygen beds, ventilators/ICU beds as needed.
Funds under the Swachh Bharat Mission (G) should be used for wastewater treatment and water recycling.
In a meeting with the media, he said that the nomination will be filed on the first day.
Ahluwalia said the income in Meghalaya has increased more than the income in the country as a whole.
This is a fund of the Central Government which has been set aside for the people of the North Eastern Region of India.
However, despite the ban on traffic jam at Umïam Bridge, many of the drivers did not ignore the request of the police and the traffic jam caused traffic jam. extremely.
It is not like the Congress party speaks only during the elections or only in its Manifesto.
On the other hand, the Inspector General of BSF of Tripura Frontier, Patel Piyush Purusottom Das IPS, said that the meeting agreed to strengthen the customs and traditions between the two countries. and to have clashes between the two countries on the border.
The aim is to improve the livelihood of the farm workers in the state.
The Chairman of the COMSO, Bah Roberjune Kharjahrin, said that the meeting with the Union Home Minister tonight was disappointing because he did not give any information. Reply to the request for Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya.
Dozens of villages from Phlangdiloin, Phlangmawprah and others used to come here to collect money for NREGS works in their villages and they had to walk 3/4 hours just to collect money. that they should not go away empty-handed.
From Pynursla area, BSF troops have seized T.3.30 crore worth of sarees worth T.3.30 crore from Pynursla area. .
The Election Committee has completed the examination of the nomination papers of all the candidates for the 10th election of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on 22nd June the names of the candidates who will take part in this election.
In this meeting with the CEM of KHADC, the STIEH group said that the EC should expedite this work and leave it to the discretion of the EC to do so. you don't have to.
Answering a question by Bah Samlin Malngiang MLA, she said that they will continue to talk about this cooperation with other ethnic parties as at present they are not in the Regional Democratic Alliance and the UDP and they will continue to talk. let them continue this work.
This step was taken by the union after seeing and witnessing last year the difficulty in purchasing textbooks for the preparation of examinations and various needs of the students.
The government is trying to increase the number of staff in the department.
KHNAM said that without a proper border and without a strong law to curb the influx of foreigners, the construction of the railway line to Shillong and Sohra as required by the Prime Minister, state, will not bring about economic development but will bring about the destruction of the nation.
The Hima has taken steps to get permission from the government to open the market and the government has now listened to the request so as the market dwellers should respect what the government has ordered to avoid from being locked up again.
The disease is most prevalent in 13 states of the country: Rajasthan, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Odisha, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Karnataka and Maharashtra.
Shillong, Nairung 21: Leaders and Members of the FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle under the leadership of Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, President of the FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle who is also the Chief Organizer of the FKJGP Central Body. Balarihun Kharlukhi at her residence in Kyndong-Nongkyntir, Mylliem.
Meghalaya today commemorated the 188th death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiem, the Syiem of the Nongkhlaw Hima who fought against the French. son of thousands of Hima who was captured by the French and imprisoned in Decca until his death as King.
There have been 278 recoveries from West Khasi Hills, 58 cases from West Jaintia Hills, 55 cases from West Garo Hills and 53 cases from West Garo Hills. Bhoi 53, the total number of recoveries is
The union urges all the students who have come forward from Jaiaw to provide their information by sending their documents to the union. to encourage young people in education.
On the claim of those who oppose the public hearing, he said that the Minister does not know exactly and to what extent it is not clear, but what the Minister has said is that if Occupation of land within the Eco Sensitive Zone will not be allowed.
Shillong, Nailar 27: Speaking to media after being announced as the winner of the mid-term elections, Bah Pius Marwein, the new MLA of Ranikor Constituency, said that the in front of you is the Road.
According to the rules laid down by the Government, the letter NO.PER(AR) 152/76/6
The protests will be peaceful but it will depend on the situation, he said.
Shillong, March 15: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) NEHU-UNIT strongly condemns the violence against its members.
On the other hand, Bah Robert requested the Supreme Court to look into this matter.
Therefore, the union invites all teachers especially SSA teachers who fall under the border of Mawkyrwat and Ranikor Block South West Khasi Hills District to attend this awareness program to get detailed information on how to to receive the courses of the D.El.
The Minister of Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, on Tuesday, 6th June, 2024, said that the heavy rain, cold and strong winds on the evening of Friday, 5th June, 2024 has damaged 483 houses and more than 29 Community and Rural Development Blocks have been affected in the State.
On the other hand, COMSO in this meeting urged the DC that the DTF should also visit the urban border areas as Meghalaya borders with Bangladesh. If you suspect that there are poiwir as a group, you should inform the DTF to investigate.
The benefits of economic development have begun to reach the people.
During the inspection, the group found that the Residential School still needs to be improved from various buildings and at the same time the members also allowed the Waheh Shnong of the school to Sabahmuswang and the land owners to express their concerns regarding the school so that the Residential School can be run forward.
He believed in the power of the youth and said that the time is not far away when India will host such a great tournament and every Indian will support his team to participate. in you.
Erwin, Legal Adviser of MIPRL, ​​said the party has decided to meet the Prime Minister of India, Nirendra Modi to discuss the issue of the people. They will leave for the meeting first, waiting for the decision of the NGT, after which if it does not listen, they will leave in the first month of next month.
After waiting for several days, no sign of action has been seen from the office and the Rangbah Shnong has informed Samla Banshai Marbaniang, a volunteer of the office. The area to assist in reporting the incident to the higher authorities of the office.
Also present on the occasion were the Chairman of Mawkynrew C&RD Block, Bah T Pohshna, Sordar of Nohron Village, Bah C Nongrum, PDF Mawkynrew Leaders, elders and beneficiaries. MLA Bah Banteidor said that it is necessary for the farmers of the area to turn to other crops so that it will help them in their income.
The incident occurred after police were searching for the suspects who detonated the bomb in Tura.
On the other hand, the Governor said the government has already mentioned many losses due to the protests last year.
The HYC said that the claim of the Meghalaya government that it has not received the SSA salary from the Indian government is false and unfounded.
Shillong, Nailar 05: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that there are people who give false information when they come to the state, especially at the testing centres.
Speeches were also delivered by Pynkmenlang Sanmiet, President KSU NEHU Unit, Sama Emosjohn Nongsiej, President KSU Bangalore Unit.
The Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills, said that according to the report of the doctors, one of the children who was released was found to have been raped and a new complaint has been lodged against him. Bernard under the POCSO Act.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 96615 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 94952 have recovered and 1622 have died.
The DC said that Rangthong PHC will be closed for two days to clean up and quarantine people who have contact with the area.
He said that the transfer of posts in Jaintia Hills is not only for officers but also for teachers and peons from Jaintia Hills to other districts. This action of the government is unacceptable.
You will get peace of mind when you visit these places in the North East and foreigners will follow.
The allegation that the girl was raped by Nantu Das happened inside a guest house of NEHU in Kiang Nangbah at about 11 pm.
At this meeting, the KSU said that the government should not pay compensation to the families on the grounds that these residents have had to use this wah without any reason. They are not allowed to go to the market from other places.
At present, the BJP is strong in the state to defeat the Congress.
According to information received, Bah Ymbon had submitted his resignation letter to the office of the Chief Minister, while the Chief Minister was on his way to Delhi to take part in the ceremony. According to the latest news, the resignation of the Minister is based on the report in the media today that Bah Ymbon MLA of Mokaiaw The NPP will contest the MLA election
The KSU urges the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep not to be misled and deceived by any person or group and even the Sengbhalang who pretend to love the nation only from the outside but from the inside they are only brokers of the authorities. Government, bad picture country.
The NCP has so far announced 12 MLA candidates, six from Khasi Hills and six from Garo Hills.
At this meeting, they demanded to set up a temporary gate before entering the Riwar area along with the test kits especially those coming from Shillong and other places near the Riwar Mihngi.
The party will also celebrate the Golden Jubilee of the party which will start in 2017 and end in
Students are requested to submit their mark sheets and admit cards on or before 30.11.2019 to the Rangbah Shnong, Rangbah Dong of the village where they reside.
The union demands that the state government should immediately suspend the talks with the Assam authorities, as the talks have not reached anywhere and the union also urges the state government authorities to leave. The Central Government has urged the Central Government to set up a Border Commission so that the land can be redistributed. the rights of Meghalaya and those of Assam.
Referring to the income reforms in the 17th Lok Sabha, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that thousands of duties have been removed to improve the lives of the people.
He urged all the elders to take action and be wise to seek to know their rights and customs and traditions because in this rule there are many laws that violate the rights of the people. the world.
During this meeting, people gathered near the IEC Vans and talked to officials from various Central Government departments, banks and oil companies and asked for advice on bank loans and also the Pradhan. Minister Ujjwala Scheme.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Governor said that to maintain cleanliness should start from each other, individually and this will bring about cleanliness like the Mawlyngnong village and said that this market will also be clean with the cooperation.
On these requests, one day was allowed to submit more of the writings and it was ordered that the writings should also be submitted to the Muktiar of the complainant. 2020.
Her visit coincides with the feelings of the people of the North East after the passage of the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019 on how the citizens of this region can get citizenship. you are protected.
Shillong, July 17: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laskeiñ Circle on Tuesday (12/1/21) has renewed its office bearers for the year 2021-2
Shillong, Nailar 13: Hundreds of farmers from Nongjrong and Nohron villages in Mawkynrew Constituency, have received sohmrit seeds from the hands of the MLA of the constituency, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, who is the The Minister of Agriculture at a meeting held at Nohron Village on Friday.
In particular, the Chief Guest urged all the youth, parents and residents to cooperate in all aspects so that all the good intentions can be achieved.
Prestone said the policy is to strengthen the network in the state where other companies can use the network from the tower of another company.
: you don't have to shad pyllun in the field.
Then the village customs; These are some of the highlights of the Mawlai Documentary Film which will be released soon.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the completion of the power plant will be a blessing to Garo Hills.
Answering supplementary questions, he said that the initial allocation of the scheme is T.193.39 crore and the funding of the scheme is 90% from the Central Government and 10% from the State Government. The scheme is through JNNURM and now it has come through AMRUT. It was reported in the House that another T.65.57 crore is needed to complete the work and the government has already released T.12.25 crore. To continue the work, the remainder of the work is that the contractors do not want to work at the old price and want to work at the new price.
Shillong, Lber 08: There are 13 new cases of COVID-19 in Shillong, 3 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 3 cases in West Jaintia Hills. Seven districts have tested positive for one case.
Silbi Passah, a retired Hindi teacher, lives in Riatsamthiah, Shillong, Meghalaya.
On the issue of drug trafficking, the NEIPF has decided to demand that the State Government should implement the Prevention of Illicit Trafficking in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (PIT-NDPS) Act The state to eradicate this alcoholic beverage which destroys the youth, families and society.
The temporary teachers who have been dismissed from all over the country have come to take part in the protest. Shillong, Nailar 04: To fight against criminals who steal property from people's homes under the leadership of MPS Joyti Wahlang Bah P.Syiem SI Nongthymmai Wanstep Lyngdoh, 27, and Banroplang Jyrwa, 24, were arrested at Nongthymmai.
Adhyatmik Vishwavidyalaya (Spiritual University), 351-352, Phase-I, Block-A, Vijay Vihar, Rithala, Rohini, Delhi-110085Ha Karnataka, 9.
After the hard work of the police, the bodies were recovered and taken to the Civil Hospital for post mortem.
The curfew will be in all areas under the Shillong Municipal, the entire cantonment and the areas under the Malwai Block.
The government has approved the Weightbridge at 25 Miles in Shangbangla for the purpose of weighing heavy vehicles on the NH-4
bikes and a Scotty were seized from Nongsohma and Nongkrem villages. Police are conducting investigation to find out more. those who have a hand in this work.
The curfew in other parts of Shillong will remain the same.
Shillong, June 23: Former MLAs from the Union Territory of Goa have arrived in Shillong today to meet with former MLAs of Meghalaya at the Assembly office in Khyndailad.
From Meghalaya, Prodenson Sangma Havildar of 1MLP Battalion Mawiong received the President's Police Medal for Distinguished Service. Ram Bahadur Sonar ABC/32 Tura.
In a meeting with Bhatt in Delhi on the morning of 05th July, 2021, Bah Pyniaid said, “There is a PWD road connecting to Mawshbuit village which has to pass through the campus of 58 GTC”.
The Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs, Arjun Ram Meghwal presented the award to the Meghalaya Assembly at the National Workshop on NEVA held at the Convention Hall, Ashok, New Delhi on 25th June,
This decision was taken at an emergency meeting of the conveners of Jaintia Hills, East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi districts held today after the NIOS failed to implement the The results of the D.El.
Speaking to media, he said that as of today, the Cabinet has approved the decision to increase the revenue through the Excise Department, but there is still a need to change the wording of the decision. it cannot be explained in the morning after the writings have been provided.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The KSU Nongpsung and Sohiong have urged the Meghalaya government not to delay in the ongoing border settlement with Assam.
Shillong, March 09: Mawbidong Village, South West Khasi Hills District, has been visiting this beautiful and attractive place to visit on Lum Tyngngaw.
On the border with Bangladesh, there is peace and order and as of now, the state government has decided to complete the fence with Bangladesh on the border to prevent the smuggling of foreigners. outsiders and at the same time to prevent terrorist activities.
To implement these Smart City Missions, the Central Government will spend up to T.2,05,018 crores and Shillong will be one of the beneficiaries of this allocation.
During this G-20 Presidency, India will hold about 200 meetings on various issues in different parts of India.
After careful consideration, it was found that the weightage of 10 marks instead of 10 percent will affect the students from the state.
Many food stalls at the Festival Mile are packed with tourists, locals and delegates who want to buy food items. .
Shillong, Nailar 16: The District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai today in collaboration with the Raid Buam Environmental Protection Association (WADA) held a tree planting ceremony at Amlarem Sub-Division. Krangsuri today.
Buam (Amwi District), Dkhar (Khliehriat), Kharkongor (Mylliem), Kharkongor (Umphyrnai) have already submitted their names. ), Kharshiing (Mawphlang), Kharbuli (Khyrim), Khongwet (Raid Nongblai), Khonglah (Pynursla), Khongsngi (Khyrim), Kurkalang (Khyrim), Kshiar (Khyrim), Mawiong (Raid Ri 6Kur),  Mawthoh (Khyrim), Mawrie (Mylliem) Mawnai (Forest), Marboh/Myrboh.
Because the village has been declared as a dam area, it has been arranged that the food items sent by the MDC have to be delivered only halfway before reaching Shiliang Jashar. People from the village came to pick up the food items to deliver back to the homes that should have received them.
This repair has been carried out with the initiative of the village leaders of Tyrna as the deterioration of the road has been excessive.
The reasons are that the NPP wants to allow mothers and to empower mothers.
The whole reason is that the Nongmihkhmat have not been able to advocate for the cause of the people and have done wrong from time to time.
Only one!Our country is on the threshold of great achievements.
In the letter, Agatha wrote that they work in Delhi NCR. In the past few days, Rosy complained of illness and was taken to hospital and died with her brother Samuel. alleges medical malpractice led to the death of his sister.
She said it has become clear that women are at the center of conservation activities.
On this day, there were two services, one in the morning and one in the evening, in which the faithful took part in both these services.
On behalf of the doctors, Dr. Andreena Lyngdoh, who came to take part were school children from Smit area.
The Secretary of the Peace Committee, Adinson Ch Momin, has requested all the civil society organizations that have organized the protests to release the 30th day to honor those who died in the protests. MBOSE. Although the protest against the ILP is still intense across the state.
During the meeting, the Union Minister of State for Child Development promised to Bah Sanbor Shullai that he will look into the remaining schemes through the The scheme is known as the Central Swadesh Darshan Scheme.
Bah Dkhar also praised the rapid growth of the school in 10 years, its progress to the Higher Secondary level and the students have passed well through the hard work and dedication of Ma Protassius Suiam. and his teachers.
All these things are according to the traditional thought of the Khasi.
“I have already decided not to contest the election because I have won twice as an MLA and twice as an MDC, but it is the people who have urged me again. and that request is about the incidents that happened in this country in 2014, that is the responsibility of the Rangbah Shnong, MUDA, the people say don't Shylla don't leave us. “I don't want to stir up the people,” said Bah Shylla.
In the Khasi Democracy, unlike other democracies or those 'people's rule', the Khasi Khadar rule is based on 'who has the will of the majority' which means 'consensus' which means how. how ninety (90) to one hundred (100).
There was no tragic incident in this incident, the garbage fell on the road was cleaned by the employees of Shillong Municipal to free the highway from the pollution.
She said that the economic development of Assam can be the cornerstone of the economic development of the entire North East.
This training is to explain the various legal provisions that women should understand.
Speaking on the topic, regional connectivity opportunities to bring the Northeast on par with other parts of India, Birla said the Northeast has the economic opportunities to catch up with other other parts of India.
U-16 Boys Best Batter – Aloto Sumi (Nagaland), Best Bowler – Md Danish Khan (Manipur), Best Wicketkeeper – Shyerinlo Thong (Nagaland).
He said that the party strongly condemns this incident and demands that these Harijans who have been using violence from time to time to create trouble should be punished.
He welcomed all those who took part in this day and congratulated them on their work.
The KSU sends its condolences to the families of the five victims and to all the residents of Mukroh, said KSU General Secretary Donald V. Mountainous.
At present, the Government has also accepted the working methods of the Punjab Government in the field of agriculture to follow the example of how to improve agriculture.
Shining Nongdhar (11’) and Rheadolf N Daloi (30’) scored for Sawmer in the first half, while Rabi Hansda (67’) pulled one back for Nongthymmai in the second.
I the party will take action and the HYC will also take action,” said Riang.
Furthermore, if it is true that the President of the Seng demands money, why doesn't he ask for money as it appears in the media? In our understanding, as Sengbhalang leaders, the demand for money should not have an amount limit because even if you demand even 10 tyngka, it is illegal.
GSU President Tengsak Momin said they will not continue their protest if the government does not hand over the investigation to the CBI or send a judicial probe.
The main objectives of the scheme are, assistance from the Central Government in the construction of residential buildings. The scheme provides a CFA of 60% of the system cost of a 2 kW system and 40% of the additional cost of systems between 2 to 3 kW. The CFA will be limited to 3 kW. At current prices, this means a subsidy of T.30,000 for 1 kW system, T.60,000 for kW system and T.78,000 for 3 kW system or above.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: One of the outreach programs of the Martin Luther Christian University today conducted a free eye treatment at Kdonghulu village in Ri Bhoi District.
He said that the purpose of this public meeting is to invite his friends who are studying in Shillong.
All these expenditures are the money that we pay to the Government as various taxes.
Hundreds of members of the HYC from all over the Khasi Hills have arrived to take part in the protest at the State Central Library under heavy surveillance by the police. state.
She said she is confident that programs like the Meghalaya Games will encourage the athletes to give their body and soul to their sports, promote the spirit of competition and lead to strong sports careers.
The NCP will contest in up to 42 constituencies.
Speaking to reporters on Thursday, Bright said that the issue will be discussed within the party and a decision will be taken to take the necessary action on the clash with the police.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) in its review of the Meghalaya Landlords and Verification Bill, 2013, has found that the bill which the Meghalaya government intends to implement within the The State shall have no authority on any ground to prevent the entry of foreigners into the State.
We have called on the Social Forestry Department to take action to look after the condition of the area and other departments such as Arts and Culture to look after the decoration of traditional paintings and other departments such as Information and Technology, if National Informatic Centre.
Shillong, Lber 09: The Meghalaya State Planning Board (MSB) has convened a meeting with the 39 C&RD Block Councils to discuss the Central Schemes of the Central Government such as MGNREGS, IAY and others. The Meghalaya State Planning Board (MEB) has held an open session with the Rangbah Shnongs, Secretaries, VEC Officers such as Chairman, Secretary and Women's Representatives of 99 Villages. More than 160 VEC leaders were met at the Community Hall, Khliehriat C&RD Block, on 7th March 2014 to listen to their views. They expressed their views on their performance and especially the challenges and benefits of the Mahatma Gandhi NREGS/NREGA scheme, IAY scheme and others.
The injured were taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment and police are investigating the incident.
Chemphang Syrti MPS has been promoted to the post of Commandant of the 3MLP Battalion, Bikram D Marak MPS has been promoted from the post.
Speaking as the new president, Bah Kyrmen Shylla said that he has arranged to hold a meeting on 7/03/2023 where they will sit down to discuss what they have discussed today. After they have spoken, they will inform the people what they have decided today. The call for the meeting was that he did not want to decide alone but should take responsibility for the matter.
Minister Kharlukhi said that the Hima has directed all shops to comply with the government's directives and if there are shops which violate the rules, the Hima will close down such shops. .
Pathway to Welfare and Women as Investors, Knowledge of Financial Affairs and Private Investment in Financial Markets, Digital Services Offerings of Banks and Opportunities in Indian Stock Markets (link and technology), raising capital for private investors.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: All the victims of the collision between a truck and a railway station at Jadokroh near Nongspung have been killed in the attack. At least 17 people have been killed and 62 injured.
In the history of world wars, this is the only war in which the largest number of troops surrendered after World War II. up to 93,000 people.
He said that it is also necessary for the hard work of the students to come forward in the examinations so that the government can turn its attention to these schools so that it will be an honor not only for the school or the village but for the country. and the whole nation.
Most of the cases tested positive for COVID-19 today are those who have been tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills. cases, West Jaintia Hills 7 and East Jaintia Hills
In fact, this class room has been repaired for about 3 years but the surprising thing is why even after 3 years it has not been completed properly.
Referring to the suggestion to set up a committee to look into this, the Prime Minister said that the government will look into if there is a need for a committee. After explaining, the Prime Minister has decided to withdraw the matter from the House.
He has worked tirelessly to protect forests and is also involved in encouraging people for plantation and conservation of natural resources.
The Principal also expressed his gratitude to Bah Syiem for bringing closer relationship between the people through the Civic Action Program and other programs especially to provide assistance to the residents of this area especially the poor. 4th MLP Bn, Sohpian.
The increase was taken at a cabinet meeting held today.
All of these can be used to broadcast on a variety of platforms.
In this raid, Ri Bhoi Police have seized nine song of cannabis and arrested two persons suspected of being involved in the smuggling of cannabis. tylliat bha and he said that he doesn't like other alcoholic beverages.
After the arrest of Mawlai Nongpdeng, Hmar Ramengmawia of Madanriting and Shokomang of Madanriting were also arrested. The traders who bring these beverages to Shillong.
The ceremony was organized by the Meghalaya State Branch together with the East Khasi Hills District Unit, Mairang Adhoc Unit and Ri Bhoi District Adhoc Unit.
Therefore, the existence of a Higher Secondary School run by the Government will be a blessing to the families,” he said. the welfare of school children in the Nongthliew area.
The President said this is in line with our Constitution and the strong democracy of India.
Neil Sootinck, Paramdeep Singh Gill, Rajiv Atam Ram, Ritesh Chakraborty, Rupak Debroy, Salalith Tottempudi and Sharat Chander Singh, VC James and VL Hruaizela Khiangte.
In a public announcement, Bishop Rev Victor Lyngdoh said that the closure of church schools will be in both districts, East and West Jaintia Hills districts on the 23rd of this month.
Reports said that the weakened GNLA has started to revive it by recruiting new students and turning it into a training center as the remaining leaders of the party like Sohan D. Shira, Baichung Momin, Baltush and Kartush are also in the area along with 21 other newcomers.
The training was sponsored by the Office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Khasi Hills and the Office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Mairang Subdivision.
At this year's 54IFFI, the participants of the 75 Creative Minds of Tomorrow (CMOT) will receive specially prepared training by film industry veterans and a Talent Camp will be held to recruit more employees. 20 companies.
Jowai, Nailur 15: The Dorbar Shnong Mynsngat has expressed its disappointment over the statement of the CEM of JHADC, Ma Thombor Shiwat, that the Council will investigate the case of the Waheh Shnong of Mynsngat.
This will apply to all, from those who own showrooms, petrol pumps, factories and others, it should not be owned by Khasi,” he said.
Shillong, March 31: The PGIMER Chandigarh, NEIGHRIM Shillong and the Union SEA, New Delhi have launched a campaign to remind and inform the public of Meghalaya on the issue of tobacco products.
After a discussion between the two SPs, the SP of Hamren agreed to immediately withdraw the police from the area and to remove the gate set up in the village which has been destroyed by the residents. live in the village.
The DIG said that the woman had admitted that she had been pregnant for three months but when she was tested, it was found that she was not pregnant.
He said he wants to use this money from this department and that is why sports activities have been included in the NEC budget. .
He said that Meghalaya is a state which is struggling to develop, in this regard almost all the government departments are still in trouble because this is not yet to be resolved. measures to be taken for the smooth running of the process.
During the Christmas Market, many of the robbers robbed the market vendors by robbing their own people. Many of them were injured in the robbery. part of the road and also in Iewduh and the robbers have taken whatever they get whether it is mobile phones or money.
Perhaps the most appropriate word is: it means the power of understanding; it means the ability to act; it means to inform others; it means to send a message to the public.
A War Sordar of Mawtap Pyllun Village said that today the PWD has sent Bah Majaw who is the overseer to meet with the residents of the village. He explained to the public that the PWD does not have any permits regarding the road which has been closed for the construction of the footpath.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Roshan Warjri said she has sent the Director General of Police PJ Hamaman to visit the police station. this area.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) welcomes and expresses its satisfaction that the two Governments, the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam, have agreed to hold talks. complete the boundary in the second phase (phase 2).
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, MS Rao today informed that the elderly who are over 60 years of age do not need a Car Pass when they go to work, but they have to carry the ID card as proof of age.
The Kur Pomthied has cited the example of planting trees in Jarain village.
The KSU Ranikor Unit today visited the SBI bank branch and found that the people had to stand in line from 7 pm just to withdraw money. The bank was supposed to be open until 10 pm.
The four MLAs of the HSPDP are Ardent Basaiawmoit, Plastingwell Pangniang, D Jyndiang and Witting Mawsor.
Other sources said that according to the CCTV footage, a robber who had already waited in the ground floor of Bah Rishar's house and opened the door immediately. Bah Rishan was tied with silver chains and Bah Rishan fell down.
In Shillong, the President will lay the foundation stone for the Shillong Ropeway Project on the 16th of this month.
In his resignation letter, he said that as an understanding person, he cannot accept or support the Citizenship Amendment Act,
Opportunities for persons with disabilities: This bill provides for the special needs of persons with disabilities by providing for the ability to develop rules for access part of all.
The meeting was focused on the AD Rules and the matter has been handed over to the Law Department to look into and this will take time to resolve exactly, whether it is in relation to the election, the AD Rules or the management of the funds.
He said that the great men should be remembered and the spirit of patriotism should enter.
The list of participants, selected by a panel of judges, is announced.
Other speakers at the meeting were the Chief Secretary, Shri KS Kropha, Theilin Phanbuh, Chairperson, MSCW and Additional Chief Secretary, Shri PW Ingty.
On the other hand, Bah Gavin M Mylliem, MLA Sohra, said that the incident is not only in Sohra Constituency but it is a serious issue that affects the people of the State.
Samla Redyonstone Nongrum, Education Secretary KSU Sengkmie, said that as members of the Seng, we have many challenges to serve the Jaitbynriew. prepared in order to ensure the Nation’s survival.
He said that many Hima/Elaka when they face problems have to go to the white house to protect their rights and customs because of the politics that has entered and disrupted the Khadar rule.
Therefore, as an organization that looks after the welfare of the country and the Minority People, we will not stand idly by but will continue to monitor this issue related to Non-Tribal businessmen. works and lives in Jaintia Hills.
In her speech, Ms Matsiewdor N War, Deputy Commissioner, said that as traders, they have to ensure that the goods should reach the district, the goods should be sufficient, besides that they can still help the people. who are poor in such a por.
Nongmynsong Police have arrested Bah Henry Dingdoh, 47, for allegedly raping his own daughter at his residence in Lumphira, Nongmynsong.
Speaking at a public hearing on the party's foundation and recruitment of members held at Lawbah village, Mawsynram Constituency on Saturday, Ardent said that if any MLA of the party If they ignore this directive, the party will lose their ticket in the MLA elections to be held in
The death toll has risen to 1485 in the state, with 1009 deaths in East Khasi Hills District alone.
The Youth Parliament also discussed politics and economic development and politics to address the increase in unemployment in Meghalaya.
In a statement, the MPCC said that the AICC has not yet set a date for sending the applications of the candidates who have applied for tickets to Delhi. in the state of Meghalaya.
“He said that he had no knowledge of the protest of the people because he came to this public hearing as directed by the Deputy Commissioner and he was just fulfilling his duty. tear gas bombs were fired outside.
The main purpose of this training center is to provide training in modern technology.
Among them, there are those who have appealed to the court.
CEC Rajiv Kumar in his speech, stressed the Commission's commitment to have a fair, orderly election, free from violence and incitement of people in inappropriate ways, and he urged all those involved in this process to work together to maintain the dignity of the electoral process and ensure a fair contest.
This Civil Sub Division will cover the areas under the Administrative Unit of Jirang C&RD Block which is located in the west of Ri Bhoi District.
Thomas Passah said the Government of India and 25 States in India have already canceled the call for personal interviews for government posts at the rank of Gp, B, C and D from in 2016, but the state government has not yet done anything.
However, it has more NCERT books than its predecessors.
My visit to Thailand was on the invitation to Mega Star Production, my visit was my pleasure because I don't usually take part in such competitions, but this visit has also received this honour. from this competition.
Because at present, this area is in the middle of the fourth century due to the permission of Syiem Jirang to quarry stone and soil to the Assamese and many of the hill areas have turned into plains and soon reached Assam.
This means that people get out less money.
