Shillong, Nailur 25: The Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL), Meghalaya Government, AC Marak, today told the members of the FKJGP Mawsynram Circle that the students of Mawsynram Government Secondary School They have been announced as regular candidates for the upcoming Board examination.
In his speech, Bah Joe Bareh Secretary Shnong said that at this time we should not look at people but as people we should help each other without discrimination. Pray that the Creator will forgive the sins of mankind throughout the world to remove this disease from the face of the earth.
At the same time, it was noticed that the hostel is not beautiful and there is a need for many improvements in the hostel. to spend money.
New Delhi, November 28: The Popular Front of India (PFI) and its affiliates have been found involved in illegal activities, including terrorist activities and financing of these activities.
As a symbol of the aspirations of the people, our Constitution has guided the country over the years.
In a letter to the DC, the UHM said that it has received information that the Vivanta Taj at Police Bazar has applied for the recruitment of skilled workers from abroad.
Suresh Matlai, Gen Secretary Kiang Kholar and 44 members.
Shillong, March 8: The filing of nomination papers for the mid-term MLA elections to the three Assembly Constituencies in Meghalaya, 13th Mawryngkeng, 24th Mawphlang and 47th Rajabala.
Looking at other states like Sikkim which has a Restricted Area Permit and Protected Area Permit Act which is similar to the ILP Act, Mizoram has ILP and Article 371(g) in Nagaland. There is an ILP Act and under Article 371(a), the Government of Assam has implemented the NRC, while the Government of Meghalaya alone has no responsibility for the future of the people.
So far, 90 crore pain kham has been manufactured and the count has reached 82%.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The District School Education Officer (DSEO) East Khasi Hills District has convened a meeting with the school principals on Tuesday. parents of vaccinated and unvaccinated children.
Many of them said that this vendor on the roadside where vehicles are passing and standing will cause serious damage if the vehicle collides and it will cause serious injury to those who vendor on the roadside in places where vehicles are not parked. don protection.
It may be recalled that Bah Michael Warjri was arrested by the Assam Police from his house in New Balakhawa after the mob damaged his house on the 7th of this month. .
Their contribution continues to this day.
Among the 13 Kurs who have reached the second round are Nongkhlaw, Buam, Thongni, Khongwet, Kharshiing, Marbaniang, Mukhim, Nongrum, Kurbah, Khongsngi, Nongbri, Kharumnuid and Sun.
Those who published this false news are only supporters of the MLA and MDC who work for personal gain, but not the soldiers of the party who will work for the cause of the people.
On the day of assumption of office, Nand said that it is his duty to fight for the protection of the tribals. of the rights enshrined in the Constitution of India.
She said that Ampareen will launch the campaign in the first or second month of January
Besides these problems, Wapungskur village and the people have faced in connection with this road.
The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Ajay Kumar Mishra and Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs were present on the occasion.
The union wants this border clearance work to be completed as soon as possible.
After discussing the issues and delays in the implementation of the schemes, the commission has directed the government departments to publicize the schemes within their departments and urged them to conduct more frequent meetings. public meetings to explain the schemes.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The KSU Mawlai Circle today under the leadership of Samla Rapborlang Nongrum, General Secretary and Assistant Finance Secretary of the CEC, visited two households who have suffered from floods. The fire broke out on the evening of 1st November
Ayush, which has the medical facilities and solutions to help people, has been at the forefront of the welfare movement across the globe.
The MSME officers explained that they have a major role to play in making India self-sufficient and the task of MSME is to assist self-employed entrepreneurs such as that small kakhna.
The meeting was conducted by Bidhayak Das, one of the senior journalists, in the presence of the Director of DIPR, NM Nampui and journalists from Meghalaya who attended the meeting. Take part in the celebration of the National Press Day.
Regarding the border security measures, he said that there should be vigilance to fight against criminals from across the border and the infiltration of anti-nationals as the Bangladesh government is now expelling them. They were banned from entering India.
Saindur Private Limited, which markets organic bags, held a public hearing on these bags. MLA Adelbert Nongrum and PN Syiem Chairman of KHADC said: he don't just.
Shillong, Lber 01: After 47 elections to elect Members of District Councils (MDCs) from 1952 to 2019 (67 years), only 12 CEMs (one every three years) have been elected. The same can be said of what has happened in JHADC since the separation of the United Khasi Hills District Council through notification No.TAD/R/50/ 64 dated 23.11.1964 in which he was appointed CEM of JHADC from 11.11.1967.
The JSM-WJC has arrested this man in connection with the rape of a 13-year-old girl, which is against the law of marriage and against her will. .
Speaking to reporters, the Secretary in charge of HYC Education Cell, Samla Enlang Sawian, said that the HYC has received information that the Tribal Ministry of the Government of India has released the scholarship. It is surprising that Meghalaya has not seen any signs of the release of foodgrains.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today after receiving a complaint from the people and the MLA of Kharkutta that the school building of Adokgre RMSA Higher Secondary School has been destroyed. go and investigate and find out the truth.
Finally, the KSU said that once the ILP is fully implemented in Meghalaya like in Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Nagaland and Manipur, the KSU will negotiate with the people and the government on the issue of railways.
Shillong, Nailur 08: U MLA of Mawlai, Bah Embha Syiemlieh, together with FKJGP today visited the garbage dump at Mawlai, Old Road and after that they met with the Minister of Labour. Ronni V Lyngdoh, Deputy Mayor of the city, has demanded that the garbage dump should be removed from this area.
This is the third time that the NECDC has held the Achievers' Awards Night and the 9th meeting.
Shillong, March 11: U Rangbah Shnong of Lyngkhat, Bah Stering Khongkiang, on Tuesday night, has tied a bottle of kyiad with a bottle of kyiad.
Meghalaya currently has 25 NOIS training centers in four districts, namely East Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills, Ri-Bhoi, East Garo Hills and West Garo Hills districts.
Shillong, July 29: The number of pla smugglers has increased not only in Police Bazar, but also in Motphran and the market.
Participants must pass through all gates.
“I see their hard work and it is a great honor for St Thomas School.
This will increase by 73 per cent to 3114 from 2014 to
In his speech, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that whether the students are medal winners or passers, what is important is that everyone has their part to play.
Synnah and the opponent's rangiakura fought hard until the fourth round, but in the end Joshi managed to score more points than the rangiakura of the state.
The EPFO ​​surveys in recent years show how much the Government's policies have helped in job creation.
They have not done anything but have fulfilled their duty for the sake of the people, while the journalists have nothing to do with the Trading License of the KHADC Police but have joined in to fulfill it. the room in the collection of news.
The Seng has donated to the house of Jessica Majaw who was affected by the fire at Lumdiengsier Mawiong. The Seng has donated to the Mawiong Women's Association throughout the year. brothers and sisters who need assistance in many needs of the Shnong and the Church when someone comes to inform them.
Besides the leaders of the Seng Khasi, Justice HS Thangkhiew, Judge of the Meghalaya High Court, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa' CEM of KHADC, Adelbert Nongrum MLA North Shillong, Matsiewdor War Nongbri, leaders of political parties and others.
This census shall not only apply to him or her alone but shall also apply to the spouse and children who are still under the care of their parents.
Speaking to reporters, Gabriel T Mawlong, 24, from Mawprem, said that he went to take part in the India Talent Fight in Dherradhun which started in November this year. He reached the semifinals but lost on 11th July
Shillong, May 13, 2013: The Sahitya Academy has held a presentation ceremony and explanation at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong. you're right.
Finally, the meeting decided to request the government to suspend the opening of Mardors Shipor and urged the government to hold a meeting between the government and the village headmen. and also with the leaders of these three Sengbahlang to look into whether the SOPs which the government will implement are satisfactory or not, so that the people in the villages and townships can be explained clearly. region.
The BJP has demanded that Dr Mukul Sangma should apologize to Dr Mukul Sangma, while the economic growth in the state has declined and the government has been sleeping only on festivals, he said. “It is said that the money is available for charitable works but for development works the government does not have money,” said Egenstar Kurkalang, State President BJYM, Meghalaya.
He said that the activities related to the North East Zone should be showcased and informed in the country.
These are Alpha Design,Satsure, Oneweb, Data Pattern, CentumAzista Aerospace, Caliche, L&T, Skyserve, Ananth Technologies, Agnikul, Digantara, Pixxelbad Dhuruva Space.
This guidance can be found on the website of the I&B department –.
“We have a Chief Minister who doesn't understand the powers of the district. In this government, the NPP, PDF, UDP, HSPDP have been in the same government but they don't. Conrad K Sangma knows only how to speak English and doesn't understand the law.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The shopkeepers along the Ryndang Briew Dam side Viewpoint road under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Mawiong Rim today held a meeting with the village leaders. Police forces who came to stop the sale of land in this area.
So that they can deposit the train fare into their account.
(b) The Registration of Land and Record of right meant for some other purposes, the evaluation of land shall be done as per the prescribed rate by the office of the Syiemship.
The College was delighted with this achievement and today the College held a welcome ceremony for him.
Banpynbiang said that this is not the first time that students have to come out to fight for scholarships.
“I am ready with any party that is concerned to resolve the border issue faced by the border villages of Meghalaya and Assam,” said the HSPDP president.
According to the estimates of the Government of Meghalaya, there are 1811 Hati in the forests of Meghalaya. The election in the state has not been held and now it is time to revive but we have to fight with the Assam government.
On the part of the Project Director, Dr Dr F Kharkongor, she said that money is a problem but the problem faced by MACS is that they don't have the skilled people to do this work.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister of India said that the DoNER system will soon be abolished and replaced by a new and more efficient one.
He said that there are valuable soh and thied in the village areas.
“The Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra has been the best platform to reach out to people who have not joined government schemes yet,” he said.
Speech was delivered by Bah RB Shadap, President, Union Rangbah Shnong, Ri-Bhoi District, who urged the unity of all in the Ri-Bhoi District not to allow this project to affect the people. land of the poor people.
He said the government should blacklist the company and should not allow any government department involved with the company.
The Central Government has decided to fight against the disease by 2030.
The Rangbah Shnong of Nongjri, Bah Myghter Marwein, said that the decision has been taken to ban the entry of people into Nongjri until 2nd July 2020 to prevent the spread of COVID-1 19 in this state.
In an order issued today, the Magistrate said that she has received information that there is instability and this could cause trouble in the areas under the Lumdiengjri Police Station and the Lumdiengjri Police Station. Sardar Police Station where there was a robbery and damage to shops.
Ronnie V Lyngdoh, one of the members of the committee, said that the government has scheduled this meeting to allow the people to express their views on the issue. Bill.
Mother Mary Thresia.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The dorbar of Umran Dairy village scheduled by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today to understand who will oppose and who will support the petrol pump to be built inside the village. in any decision-making because it has reached the point of confusion to include other people in the Dorbar.
On the other hand, the DC urged all those who have completed the training to work hard and minutely to focus on these jobs so that they too one day will be able to do the training. to have a job and to be a blessing to themselves and their families.
This can be prevented by taking vaccines and by being clean and he urged the public to participate in this vaccination campaign.
However, as those who support the right to have a ration distributor, the question is how can a Rangbah Shnong without a license run the village affairs without being forced to take responsibility? .
On the other hand, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that when the Minister of Home Affairs was walking in Shillong, four or five patrol vehicles were sent to the Minister of Home Affairs. The Minister of Home Affairs has been given strong security and what is the impact on the lives of the people in the Psiar area.
In Ri Lum Garo, this is the third time that drugs have been seized during the elections and the money has been seized once. don't worry about the elections.
The Government should direct the companies that if they pay the salaries of those who hire agencies, those agencies should be from the state and not from outside the state. the rate of interest is set by the state government.
The meeting lasted more than two hours.
Speaking on the distribution of computers to schools, the IT&C department said that as of today, more than 1000 schools have benefited from this scheme with the assistance of the NEC. this year the goal was set to give back to many schools.
They said that in the Indian Elections, only NOCs (No Objection Certificates) are issued to political parties and candidates who wish to hold meetings within the boundaries of the Dorbar. Election Commission in providing polling stations, accommodation for Election workers.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Sylvester Nongtynger, said that they are still working to find the bodies of those who were killed. you can't cream coal.
The strengthening of the North East Corridor through various connectivity links to the economic hubs, ports and others.
On the other hand, KHNAM urges the government to take action to ensure that the youth live in peace without any intimidation.
During this visit, he met with the family members of Agnes, Bah John Kharshiing and the children of Amita.
The recent celebrations of the 50th anniversary of Project Tiger and the 30th anniversary of Project Elephant demonstrate India's commitment to the protection of biodiversity and the protection of their habitats.
We have made progress in our work with faith in AtmaNirbhar Bharat and Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat.
Gigur Myrthong, MLA and MDC of the area, said that he as the leader has discussed this with the authorities in charge of the bank and said that it is still in the process of the manufacture of which has not yet been completed.
On the other hand, Bah RV Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, said that he will look into the matter.
The 18-member BSF delegation led by PK Dubey, IG BSF, Meghalaya Ftr, Jai Bhagwan Sangwan, IG Tripura Ftr, NS Jamwal attended the meeting. , IG, Mizoram and Cachar Ftr with officers.
During the inspection, it was found that many shops in these three villages have been closed due to lack of trading licences.
The topic of discussion was only on the construction of the two lane road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah but now a tender has been awarded for the mining of uranium. to the children of this work.
On the other hand, the NCC chief said that he is sad to see that the states of the region have not encouraged the youth like other states in the eastern parts of India. Sharma said he has met with the governments of the region to discuss the establishment of the NCC Academy in these fields. Assam has sought land and Manipur has said that it is ready to accept this proposal. The answer has been received from all the states.
Although this proposal has not been accepted, we are encouraged by your speech in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, and the 11th September 2019, will be a memorable day because it is the first time that There will be a discussion in the House on the proposal of Article 371 of the IOA & AA. Along with other members of the opposition who supported the proposal, there was also a discussion in the House. The ruling party stood up to convey to the State Government the need to set up a special State Committee to look into this important issue for the protection of the Ri Khasi.
It was reported in the House that so far there are 12 areas which have demanded the opening of Civil Sub Division and the government is considering all of them and Laskein Block is one of them.
Government Ministers and officials also attended the first Cabinet meeting in Jowai.
The committee also includes former government employees, teachers, writers, barikor, those working in social fields and representatives from various ethnic groups.
The worst earthquake occurred at Raitdiengling near Government Boys where the earthquake struck many houses inside the house. the hand went into the house.
John F Kharshiing said that the conflict between the Constitution of India and the Khasi States can be seen in the appearance of the word "Khasi States" until today when the Hima Khasi States have been forcibly incorporated into the state. Assam under the First Schedule and this is illegal and a delay because the Hima Khasi States have not agreed to sign the Instrument of Merger.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Meghalaya Congress Pradesh Election Committee (MPC) today decided to extend the deadline for three days for those who wish to apply for the MP election from 1-1 Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
The training of the BSF is to train the youth either in their own jobs or in the training of how to be physically fit in the struggle to join the central army.
The Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Arpit Upadhayaya, Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, Giri Prasad, MD, NHM Ramkumar S. and officers from the relevant departments accompanied the Union Minister on this special visit.
He said that if this continues until the next Lok Sabha elections , there will be parties that will take advantage . He said it is the duty of the National Parties to show the way to avoid protests against small parties.
At present, there is no government-owned commercial vehicle.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Hima Mylliem today held a public meeting with all the market dwellers at Iewduh to discuss the cleanliness of the largest market in Meghalaya which is also located inside the capital. state.
Other questions that have not been distributed after the end of the examination should be posted on the Websites and should also be posted on the Public Notice Boards so that everyone knows that there is a difference between one Question Paper and another.
Shillong, Nailar 30: Sarita Lyngdoh Nongpiur, wife of Bah Founder Strong Cajee, former MLA of Mawlai, today announced that she will not be able to attend the ceremony. This is the MLA Election
All political parties are urged to support their demands and we ask for your blessings and support from you Paradoh Parasnam of Bri u Hynniewtrep on these demands, said Bah Isaac W Basaiawmoit Organizing Secretary. The HYC said in a statement sent today.
The ceremony was conducted by Bah Pran Jala, Leader of the Nongshad Nongkhein Association.
This has led to the saving of time and the avoidance of many diseases caused by unclean water.
The golf course was constructed under the SwadeshDarshan scheme of the Government of India.
Shillong, Iaong 24: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today sent a letter to the Chairman of the MPSC to ask him what the office has done regarding the demand of the MPSC to install cameras. syntait during the job interview for young job seekers.
In his opening speech, Bah Vincent said that in order for the language to survive, it must be spoken and written. the culture, that is why the language should be preserved.
To conduct the AICC presidential election in Shillong, the Congress party leadership has sent Rekibuddin Ahamed MLA from Assam as the officer to oversee the AICC presidential election in Meghalaya.
Speaking on the Government's commitment to develop and encourage space technologies for the country, he said, “The Indian Space Program has been introduced with the aim of taking advantage of the opportunities arising from the space-related technologies to solve human problems.
It is learned that such incidents are more common in the rural areas.
Before his death, he lived a difficult life because during the protests against the Nepalis in 1987 and the protests against the construction of the railway line in the state in beaten, bombed, tied, tortured by the authorities of the law until your body is broken.
Speaking to media, the HNLC's appointed ksiang, Bah Sadon K.Blah, who is also the President of the HNYF, said, “We have discussed today the need to open the door. The Government should drop all criminal charges against the HNLC leaders and members.
On his part, he promised to work with the party for the betterment of the community.
This brave army of the 101 Area sacrificed their lives and this brought about the liberation of present Bangladesh.
He said that the duty of these BSF troops is to patrol the border areas but these troops came to search the vehicles carrying food and beverages on the grounds that they were trying to smuggle. Bangladesh.
Rescue teams including F&ES, SDRF and Home Guard have recovered the body of Ladianghun L Mawlong, 42 years old. Shillong, Nailur 23: U Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik today met with the President of the Republic of Meghalaya, Warsan Lyngdoh. India President Ram Nath Kovind at Rashtrapati Bhavan, New Delhi today where they discussed many issues related to Meghalaya.
We work with the international community with peace and equality, and we talk about thought processes and support to encourage others.
The purpose of this ordinance is to promote and facilitate commercial activity, the most important amendments in this Act are, to remove 16 provisions if companies violate the legal rules from the special court to arbitration which has been done and this will reduce the work of the special courts by 60% and the court can be more vigilant against companies that violate to the more strict rules.
Therefore, the public is prohibited from taking private vehicles to transport goods. If anyone is found to be in violation of this law, they will not be arrested and punished according to the law.
Shillong, November 27: Three days after the door of the Baptist Church in Tura was broken into by unidentified persons on Christmas Day, police have arrested three suspects. today.
The participants also had the opportunity to take part in therapeutic art activities led by Maya-ika and they were able to express their feelings and showcase their talents in the mural. making and also where they also received Seed Papers to be planted as a sign of renewal and change by throwing away their problems.
Because India includes many indigenous nations.
He said that Khatarshnong area is farther from Sohra and there is a PHC in Khrang.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui on the dismissal of contract teachers, the Minister said that the government has taken this decision to appoint them. by full-time faculty.
This is the third passenger train between India and Bangladesh.
LPS.Urban Govt.
He said that according to the results of the last two days, in the month of April this year, about 17 lakh people have joined the EPFO ​​and have played a strong role in the income. the book of the country.
Chief Justice of India Justice, NV Ramana, Justice UU Lalit of the Supreme Court, Union Ministers like Kiren Rijijubad Prof SP Singh Baghel, Judges of the Supreme Court, Chief Justices of High Courts, Chief Ministers and LGs of the States and Union Territories were present.
At this meeting, the party has set up two committees, one committee to look after the illegal entry of mynder ri and another committee to look after the smooth running of the party and the EC. it was decided to have 25 members.
John Kharshiing recalled that Mawkhiew was one of the 18 members of the Khasi Pharmacists Association who attended the meeting with former President of India Dr APJ Abdul Kalam in Delhi. year 2003 as herbalists.
This was done according to the law issued by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
Prestone said the incident ha Lawmali has prompted the government to direct all government hospitals in the state to inform the government immediately if there is a shortage of beds. DHS to ensure that patients do not suffer.
Shillong, November 19: Langsning United and Rangdajied United today won their Group B match of the Meghalaya State League.
He urged the residents to join hands for the welfare of the people.
Shillong, November 28: The PWD has sent contractors to clean up the road from Polo to Nongmynsong. This year in the spring months, the PWD has sent contractors to clean up the road. and it remained there to this day.
At this meeting, there was a discussion on how to improve the number of voters by increasing the number of polling stations in accordance with the rules laid down by the Election Commission.
has repaired the Umïam Bridge and set a target to complete the repair within four months.
His body was taken to Thangbuli by an ambulance of the KSU Umkiang Border Unit.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: Australian runner Samantha Gash has finished her 3000 km race in Shillong today. Knowledge is the power to change society"
Shillong, July 06: The KSU Warsan Lyngdoh Circle has expressed its surprise to see through the media that Bah Ready Myrthong has resigned as General Secretary Circle along with four others who have resigned. you are on the roi of the park.
Speaking as the chief guest, he said that he is pleased that he has been able to fulfill this need of the people. He also announced that funds have been allocated for the construction of the project. the outdoor places and the drinking water sources for the people who come to burn or bury people.
This was stated by the General Secretary of the Khliehriat Block Congress Committee, Ma Rimis Dkhar.
The union led by the Chairman of the Employment Cell, Reuben Najiar, has met with the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof Prabha Shankar Shukla to discuss the issue.
During these two days, the participants of the event were the Khyrwang Shad, the Khynroo Shad, the Pada Shad, the Karbi Shad according to their customs and traditions. Tiwa people, such as the Maithruwa, Wanswa dance and most importantly the Lakhempong dance by dancing around the village.
Adding to the reply of the Minister in charge of Arts and Culture, Dr Mukul Sangma, the Chief Minister said that there has been a demand to include the Garo language in the Eight Schedule.
I am speaking on the Khasi Jaintia Hills side, and I am not speaking on the Garo Hills side.
In this light of this tree, there is a light.
The demand for the implementation of the ILP is not to undermine the purpose of protecting the indigenous people but is a way to prevent and protect us from the illegal entry of mayors. emerge".
Shillong, March 03: The Political Department of the Government of Meghalaya today said that the government is deeply concerned about the entry of foreigners into the state as well as the civil society.
As a sign of gratitude and respect to the government, the leaders of the Government Employees Union today visited the Chief Minister as a group at the office of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
Shillong, K.Lyngkot 31: Police have arrested a suspect in connection with the bomb blast in Police Bazar on Tuesday. He is the Area Commander of Shillong Region.
The annual Shad Suk Mynsiem at Weiking Square was attended by Khasi children from all over the Khasi Hills and there were also people from outside the Khasi Hills who came to witness this. the joy of the soul of the father huh ba phing.
The referral of cases from the District Courts to the District Councils should be transparent so that there will be no misuse in the future if the cases reach more people. Shillong, Nailur 21: Police today morning arrested a man who has been arrested for allegedly stealing a car. Police have recovered 18 grams of heroin, 1.85 grams of heroin, a mobile phone and T.1750/- from the suspect.
Others who were present on the occasion were Bah FR Kharkongor, Commissioner & Secretary, Sports & Youth Affairs, Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President, MSOA and other government officials.
Police have registered the case at Laban Police Station and investigation is ongoing to track down the suspects.
NEIGRIHM should also allow them.
Minister of Youth Affairs and Sports.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Education Cell will hold the Tur Shaphrang Academic Award, 2024 on the 17th of this month.
KHNAM today announced that it will nominate Bah Toiler HS Bonney IFS (Retd) as its candidate for the MP election 2019 from 1-Shillong Parliament Constituency. give your support to this candidate.
These families receive cooking utensils from khiew, plates dabor, etc. and syiap clothes such as tusok, rajai syngkhlieh, etc. so that they can use them in their homes.
Shella PHC to conduct a thorough screening and survey of fever patients in the villages to find out the reason for conducting awareness campaign in the villages to know the symptoms of this disease and how to treat Protect and observe strict hygiene to avoid this disease.
The arrested persons were identified as Mahindra Sangma, Patus Sangma and Loveling Sangma from Mawpyllun. The BSF also seized the bike without license plate number. They confessed that they had taken the drugs from Lein Akhongre of Tura and brought them to Police Bazar Shillong to smuggle them to Bangladesh.
He also led the relief and rehabilitation operation when Gujarat was hit by floods and worked tirelessly during the outbreak in Ahmedabad.
The meeting was organized by the Government of Meghalaya, the Meghalaya Early Childhood Development Mission (MECDM) and the Meghalaya Health Systems Strengthening Project (MHSSP) in collaboration with the Sesame Workshop India Trust with the support of the SBI Foundation and the Indian Institute of Technology. Banking & Finance.
In India there are more than 1 million Garo speakers, in Bangladesh there are 0.2 million Garo speakers. Garo language.
The Voice of the People's Party (VPP) on Saturday lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District regarding the insults of the party on social media.
At present, there are more than 10 petitions against the implementation of Aadhaar, including a petition against the Aadhaar Act,
Bah Kynta said that most of the Khasi Jaintia people have their own houses, land but now there are many households without land due to extreme poverty.
Others who attended the function were Dengnakpara MDC Sadhiyarani Sangma, DC CVD Diengdoh, Headmaster of the school RA Sangma and other dignitaries.
Lighning strikes.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 422 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in West Garo Hills. There were 3925 of them.
Furthermore, all ration recipients will be required to wear masks at the distribution points.
It is also learned that the purpose of these robbers was to rob, kidnap and kidnap his wife.
Therefore, the JSU urges the Jowai Municipal Department to immediately clean up these areas.
He said that the position of the Sengbhalang has not changed and they stand firm on the position that the government should implement the ILP in the state. Members of the State, the people, Village Leaders in urban and suburban areas and across the State to attend the meeting where the Sengbhalang Leaders will attend the meeting to deliver a speech on the issue. demands of civil society.
This is the article which is still displayed on the website of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills until the 8th of this month.
The slaughter of these affected birds has been completed at CPDO, Mumbai and the cleaning and disinfection work is in progress.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Government under the chairmanship of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma today discussed the request of the people to reopen the Iewduh and Police Bazar. .
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Amika K War of Auxillium Girls' Higher Secondary School, Shillong has scored 431 marks in all subjects in the HSSLC examination conducted by MBOSE this year. .
They were identified as Abhay Das, 22, and Ricky Thapa,
The Minister urged everyone to fight against fake news and said, “On this day, I urge journalists to fight as much as possible to curb these fake news and false information.
At present, under the Lokayuta Act 2002, this Act is only a suggestion to the government to do what is necessary but there is no time to investigate and punish those responsible.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawlynrei, Bah Ornel Pyngrope, said that 20 houses have been damaged by the cyclone at the time of the inspection by the village officials.
Dr Mukul said the Congress' complaint has made it clear that they have done it because they have lost their temper, because they have lodged only 10 MLAs, while there are 12 MLAs who have come out with this. it has been more than three years according to the fourth article of the Constitution.
To provide street lights in Shillong, the Chief Minister said that the government has now implemented the Green Shillong City Project where the street lights will be installed with solar lights.
For more information please register or call 6909110529/7005861828/8
Earlier, the ADC & PD, DRDA, RZD Shira, who is also the District Nodal Officer for the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra, spoke about the objectives of the program as well as the activities and programs to be held during the days. He urged all the relevant departments to cooperate with the people during these programmes.
Therefore, all were invited to attend these two days.
He said that soon the Government of India will have to move forward to fulfill these agreements and promises.
Shillong, Lber 02: The construction of the road in front of the MPSC office to the Passport Office which started in 2022 at Lower Lachumier has now been suspended.
In his speech, Bah Don Sumer Executive Member of KHADC, congratulated the KHADC for giving this award to these students who have done well in their examinations.
He said that Zahidul Islam is involved in theft of vehicles from Dudhnoi and Krishnai and has a NBWA case against him at Krishnai PS. PS, Assam.
He said that the ECI officials will continue to visit the state in preparation for the MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly to be held in 2023 which is only two months away.
The Prime Minister has directed the people not to listen to rumors about the country's scientists who are developing medicines, health services, working methods in India and working methods elsewhere. The differences in this regard have gained the trust of all countries of the world and this trust has been gained through the orderly conduct of all activities.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: Answering a question by Balajeed Ranee, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) said that there are 45 Khasi pharmacists who have submitted applications for recognition. the work they do.
He said the Modi government has always considered the Northeast as an important part of India.
Processions shall not be held by one party at a place where a meeting is held by another party.
This explanation will be taken only from those who have identified these two persons or have accurate information and who were present on the step of 23.08.2013 or the evening of
In a statement sent today by Saiñkupar Nongtraw Publicity Secretary, HNLC, the HNLC said that the statement is about what happened after the end of one five years after another. These leaders of the State Government are fighting to shed a lot of blood for the internal wars, instead of producing a lot of blood for the sake of peace which is in conflict with the aspirations of the people and the HNLC. In the past 10 years, the MUA Government under the leadership of Mukul Sangma has used itself to talk only with the new political parties in Garo Hills which have not had a strong foundation in which the politicians have been involved. I have forgotten that peace in Khasi-Jaintia Hills has not been restored for more than 30 years.
The speakers on the occasion said that the opening of this footbridge in Wahshkot Village will be a great blessing as it is very important and it is also a source of inspiration. u Budlum for the farmers as well as for the villagers.
Roshna said that to achieve this, they have trained personnel and equipment which has been installed in a Mobile Refraction Van or a vision vehicle.
The team of players was welcomed at the Banalari World Cars headquarters and walked through Petrol Pump Road, Mawlai Iew Rynghep and entered Seng Khasi College Road. Then to Jaiaw Mawbynna, Mawkhar, Motphran, Police Bazar, Raj Bhawan, IGP, Additional Secretariat, Main Secretariat and return to DC Office and walk through Wards Lake and down to Polo Market and end. The MFA Football Stadium in Polo.
The KSU also raised a question on the issue of Inner Line Permit (ILP) but Prestone replied that it is still pending with the central government.
The Union also wishes all the students to prepare and do well in the examinations which they are preparing to take in the coming days.
He began to follow the Ojapali under the leadership of Chandra Kanta NathOja (Bam kwai at the door of God), who was a skilled leader.
He also stressed the need to dedicate themselves to achieving the government's objectives across the country to make the country clean, free from garbage and free from outdoor cities.
Ma-Mong-Manda Mahari Ku-Monggrikari has known Dr Mukul Sangma since his parents, place of residence and marriage until now he is known as Manda (M) Sangma.
In the women's category, Mawsynram Pink Panthers beat Sohra Super Nova to win the title while Mawsynram Cluster beat Sohra Cluster.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and his delegation on a visit to Bangladesh have visited the Nongkhlaw Hima. when the King of the Nongkhlaw Kingdom died.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that all these actions are carried out by the opposition who want to win the MLA election in 2018 by using these activities. to stir up trouble among the people by touching his house.
The story is written by Robin Lawryniang, produced by Bantrei Sawkmie, composed by Ram Suchiang, directed by Sam, actress Sharilin Khongwar and others. these are the participants.
Bindo M Lanong Senior Vice President of the party said that whoever knows about them is doing it himself and this is not new.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The High Level Committee (HLC) set up by the government to resolve the issues of the employees within the EMRI, has been scheduled to resolve the issues within two months. The pork has ended on the 22nd of this month, but the government has not been able to do anything.
Besides Reding, other members of the group were Tengrang A Sangma, Pintu R Marak and Kiljang M Sangma. Seldom K Sangma, Hame Ch Marak, Baini Ch Marak and Tengman M Sangma.
“I strongly warn all the Mahajons within the KHADC boundary not to hide their goods and not to sell them at a low price and if the Council finds that the Mahajons are taking advantage, He said the government and the Mahajons have announced that there is a lot of food and beverages, but according to the complaint he has received, many of them do not. This has put in difficulty for many vendors to provide beverages in the villages.
National Population Register (NPR).
Shillong, March 27: U Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul has sent his condolences to the family of Vikas Nandwal on the passing away of Vikas Nandwal. Shillong.
““As a generation today, we should not ask who will do the work of the nation, but it depends on the will of the youth of the nation.
After the police announced that they have arrested five persons who shot dead drivers in Khyndailad.
New Delhi, Nailur 27: Union Minister of State for Finance Bhupender Yadav today released the fourth report (July-October, 2022) of the three-month survey of India. The All India Quarterly Employment Survey (AQEES) is available.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The AJYWO Central Body has urged the State Government, District Councils, Dorbar Shnongs and the people of the country to be vigilant and vigilant against the entry of foreigners into the state especially at this time when 07 lakh The residents of Assam have not been included in the NRC of Assam.
During the meeting, the party reminded the Prime Minister of the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution of India.
It is learned that at that time, those who came asked for fruit and while he was turning around, they threw petrol on him and burnt him at the cash register.
The loss of NREGS funds of Myntriang Village in these years is 5,14,900 tyngka.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Minister, the President of the party, Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, said that there are about 90 Government LP Schools in West Khasi Hills District and the number of students is about up to 100 students in each school.
Chairman of JACSO Bah Wallam Syiemiong said that the government has not given enough clarity on this issue. A tender has been called for the mining of uranium.
During the rainy season, the pump enters the homes of the people,” said Bah Shullai.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has urged the authorities to crack down on illegal immigrants at Lum Survey which is opposite the Fire and Emergency Station, Iewduh, Shillong.
Police said that all the injured were taken to hospital for treatment while three CRPF personnel who were in the vehicle were taken to Military Hospital for treatment. The accident occurred at about 4.30 pm.
They were on their way from Guwahati to Dawki when they were involved in the incident.
Shillong: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has approved the release of the Electoral Roll in Meghalaya, which will be released tomorrow morning. .
The party urges the unity of the people of Hynniewtrep and all the political parties to come together on the issue of opposing this attempt of the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma to attack the people.
Shillong, November 19: The Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma today on Twitter said that it is a shame for the government of Conrad Sangma to misuse Section 144 CrPC in connection with the case. GHADC employees protest to demand their salary which they have not received for 32 months.
He said that states are competing among themselves when it comes to infrastructure development.
The department wants the people to come forward to donate their land for the improvement of the area.
Nongpoh, Iaiong 02: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HNM) Sengkmie today visited Kdohhati near Mawhati to condole and provide assistance to two families who lost their lives due to the floods. you are burning house.
He said that because people trust them, they play an important role in providing scientific information to the people.
Commercial University Ltd.
He also accused the JHADC of financial failure under the leadership of the NPP and until now there is no proper plan to improve the council and the people.
The Shillong Traffic Police and the Enforcement Police of the Transports Department on Tuesday continued to search for motorcycles and two wheelers around Shillong.
Block Development Officer, Mawkynrew C&RD Block, Bah LT Tariang and District AH & Veterinary Officer, Dr (Mrs) A. Laloo were also present.
The salary of these two persons will be under Grade 'C' and this will take effect from the date of assumption of office as stipulated in the Finance (AF) Department's O.M.No.FEM.44/2 /Pt II/158, dated 17.09.2010.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: During the meeting with the Union Home Minister Amit Shah today to discuss the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2019, Meghalaya sent only one letter against the Citizenship Amendment Bill. this is the Bill.
The HYC will also meet the Minister in charge of GAD, Bah HDR Lyngdoh to demand an explanation from him regarding the Aadhaar issue.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that this is the first time for him to participate in the public demonstration of the skills of the Indian Army. elsewhere their skills.
He also stressed that the authorities of the Central Government can provide assistance if there is the cooperation of all the people from the state to the people.
Earlier, he spoke on the three laws, BNSS 2023, BNS 2023 and Indian Safety Act (BSA) Deputy Inspector General of Police Davis NR Marak explained about these laws.
“Therefore, the police should punish Gopal Dey on these charges according to the rules of law.
On this occasion, there will also be a prayer, a traditional costume from each circle, a patriotic song and a traditional dance.
Tura, Nailar 29: With the aim of improving the income of the state by improving the environment, the state government has decided to plant siej in the state. agriculture and soybean cultivation in the state.
The Bangladeshis, who came to Nongjri, about 10 km from the border with Bangladesh, also took away a rifle, two mobile phones and from the scene police recovered more than 7.65 MM. Police have conducted a search operation in the area to rescue the youth who was abducted by Bangladeshi vehicles.
The Shillong team will leave Shillong tomorrow for Kolkata to pay tribute to the 81 victims of South Judo.
He said the BJP has urged the government to set up a committee to look into and improve the situation so that it can satisfy everyone.
“One such incident happened in Meghalaya this month.
This has now been extended to other farming and fishing industries.
To install adequate water pumps so that the residents of the three villages (Mawnianglah, Mawkhan & Mawrashe) can get adequate water every day.
“We have sent the Enforcement Police and I have directed the Superintendent to submit the report until they (foreign traders) come here and we will see what we should do.
On the demand for Civil Sub-Division, the Co-Chairman said that he would try to discuss and take this matter to the State Government.
Meanwhile, the Hima Nongstoin Land Owners and Coal Traders Production Association (HHIA) has lodged a complaint with the Supreme Court. The affidavit shall be on the basis that the land belongs to private individuals.
The election of the office bearers was conducted by the Political Secretary of the party Bah R.Thangkhiew and the meeting was conducted and confirmed by the Organizing Secretary of the party Bah Denis Syngkli.
Heads of institutions said that as institutions prepare for the next decade, the emphasis on skills development and the use of technology opens up the opportunity to take chess to the country, said the Professor.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Prestone Tynsong expressed his gratitude to God for allowing him to witness the ceremony of the Hima Khyrim.
The standards set by these schools will be followed by other schools.
Animal Husbandry Promotion Center & CSC can now be opened at PACS and train tickets can also be booked.
If he wants to rejoin the party, he should send a letter to the Central Body and the Constituency Committee so that the members can discuss.
Furthermore, if the plan of the Executive Member (EC) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to split the constituency works, Bah James Sylliang will reach the goal without any doubt. It can be said that it is a big camp and no one can shake them because they have already promised to support Bah Sylliang.
If we look back at the tournament which was held in 2022, although initially there were shortcomings in many aspects, but after overcoming the problems and improving the tournament, 19 sports events were held at 13 venues with the active participation of 3000 youths.
The discussion also highlighted the importance of the MG?NREGA scheme and the success they have achieved in the villages, which also confirmed the government's commitment to the development and welfare of the villagers. paid residents.
The HYC Sohiong Circle urges the KHADC to take action in all areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council so that illegal companies will not be able to take advantage of this country. At the same time, she urged the KHADC not to issue Labor License to foreign workers if the work can be done by Khasi.
“We are pleased that the BFI and the MBA have worked together to organize this tournament.
The party has changed its name, but I will remain with the same party,” he added.
At the time of writing, the police are still struggling to gather information regarding the loss of goods in the shops.
At present, Bah Nongrem, the incumbent MDC and former CEM of KHADC, is still receiving the support of many people. These two cases have put the Congress party in a dilemma over who will give the ticket.
The people are eager to hear what the Government has done in this regard, because they know that it is a State which is lagging behind in all these areas, so it is necessary to take responsibility and work hard to face this great challenge.
The Election Petition 1/2016 was filed in the High Court by Muktiar KC Mittal, S Jain and Bah QB Lamare on behalf of the Congress candidate. The results of the mid-term elections were announced on 19th June 2016 by the Returning Officer of the 2-Tura Parliamentary (ST) Constituency.
On the occasion, various dances were organized by the Department of Culture and Heritage in collaboration with the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR), Shillong. central government.
Davyson Kharkongor of SDKA won the best runner among the children, Glikerius Buhphang of SDKA won the best runner among the children. Emika Deimaia Myrthong of SDKA and Phikerbha Kharbihkhiew of AMKA won the second prize. The opening ceremony was opened by Bah Joe Marwein and Banri PF Lyngdoh.
Shillong, July 10: Ka KHNAM has held a meeting with the Jugali employees whose names are in the third list who are awaiting appointment letters from MeECL on 09-01-2 Dorbar Hall Lumkshaid.
The Seng has requested the people to join hands in this two day protest to demand the release of three members of the Seng from Balar Border Circle, who have been arrested in these days. The President of HANM Balat Border Circle, Bah Kharwbor Rangdkhew, two members, Bah John Syiemlieh and Stadbor Dkhar and for the police department to stop searching for the members of the HANM.
The JSU demands that the 7 MLAs of Jaintia Hills District should take action and resolve this issue of job seekers, and also the Commission (MPSC) to hold a meeting. The examination should be conducted in Jowai, as one of the Centers for all those who give addresses in Jaintia Hills as it has been established since ancient times and should not be abolished.
Also present on the occasion was the Minister of Forest, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui as the Chief Guest.
“Once again, I and all the MPs of both the Houses of Parliament are determined and will work hard to support the call of the President under his leadership”.
This is because there is no stability due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The smugglers, when they saw the BSF on the border, broke their goods and fled to escape the arrest of the BSF. These drugs have been handed over to the Customs for further investigation.
Shillong, November 05: U Bah Baiateilang Lapang, President of the Ri Bhoi Youth Organization (RBYO), on Tuesday said that the organization demands that the CBI should inquire into the cutting of the hills in the construction of the airport. Airport age.
He studied at St. Paul's Seminary, Upper Shillong in 1988 and from 1991 to 1992 at St. Xavier's Minor Seminary, Shillong. From 1994 to 1997 he studied Philosophy at Christ King College, Shillong.
For those under 18 years of age and those with disabilities, the running routes are: Parking Lot, Polo Ground – Polo Bazar – Lad Lawmali – Jaiaw Jingthangbriew – Jaiaw Mawbynna – St. Joseph – Jaiaw Pdeng – Lad Jaiaw Lansonalane – Jaiaw Shyiap – Riatsamthiah Presbyterian Church – Umsohsun Road – Sani Mandir (GS Road) – 9-Lad – Pegasus Hotel – Hotel Polo Towers – Polo Bazar – Parking Lot, Polo.
Shillong, July 08: The JSU War Jaintia Circle strongly condemns the shooting and rape of a woman in Dawki Bakur.
The Chief Minister said that the GR Code will be installed on the new shallans to ensure that there will be no smuggling or smuggling of shallans.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: U Jonial Marak today lodged a complaint with the police that Bah K Surong has handed over 72 transportation challenges of coal to Jomil Marak in the year 2017.
Bah Mawrie said he would stop first and said wait until I come to your room.
On this day, there will be a march from Jit Bhoomi to the Statue of Tahor at Brookside Rilbong Shillong at 5 pm and at 5 pm at the State Central Literary Hall. which will have many traditional dances.
Police have registered a case under Section 5(j)(ii)/6 of the POCSO Act and the investigation has been handed over to WP/Sub-Inspector Lavinia S.Kongwang.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: A house fire broke out in Mawprem village in Sngithiang district this morning. No casualties were reported.
The law will punish those who deserve to be punished.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said, “This event allows us to remind the people that climate change is real and it is happening right here in front of us.
Police are investigating whether anyone has donated money to the group. If found guilty, they will be investigated and punished according to the rules under the Unlawful Activities Act. Prevention Act.
The Government will release guidelines on this tomorrow.
What is more surprising is that the 'ng' is no longer replaced by another, the 'ï' is replaced by the 'y' in those Jaintia characters.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today addressed the 68th meeting of the North Eastern Council held in Guwahati on the construction of the highway from Guwahati to Chitanggong, Bangladesh.
Shillong, July 29: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today said that the Meghalaya government has decided to write to the Central Government through the Ministry of Home Affairs to urge the Central Government not to transfer of current employees in Meghalaya.
The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, who is also the Chief Guest of the Free Eye Camp, said that the eye care campaign is a good thing. Wahthapbru Village has done and it is a blessing to the poor families.
Janailin Lyngdoh of the DC's office, Ri Bhoi District;
On this occasion, volunteers who have dedicated themselves for the sake of others were also honoured.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Friday demanded that the KHADC should recognize the Langpih area, a village within the border of the Khasi Hills District. (L) Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh who has been an MDC and MLA for many years.
There are 23 recoveries, 16 from East Khasi Hills and 3 from Ri Bhoi. The total number of recoveries so far is 82,4
“The BSF troops have not been able to fulfill their duties.
Speaking on Khaddar Governance, the Vice President said that there is a need to bring about change according to the wishes of the people.
Broad band connectivity will also be introduced through optical fiber networks, and about 50,000 new start-ups will be launched.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Director of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Dr B Rijal said that the department has been conducting a thorough research for several years regarding the breeding of piglets. Without the need for a pig, they can do it now.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The office of the Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills District will conduct a massive tree planting campaign in all five blocks of the district under the CM's Youth scheme. for Green Campaign" through the Mission Green scheme of the IBDLP. The tree planting will be conducted in collaboration with the Ministry of Environment and Forestry of the Government.
Nangaibormi Sutnga is the Publicity Secretary, Francis Syrti is the Treasurer, Stableson Syiem is the Auditor, Elisha Sayoo is the Auditor General. Mr. F Synnah, Secretary, Village Secretary, and Mr. Ioanis Manner, Secretary, Village Secretary.
Shillong, July 05: U Governor of Meghalaya, RS Mooshahary in his opening remarks at the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA) strongly criticized saying that many of the government's action plans have failed due to lack of proper implementation.
Anupama Anand in her speech, said that the role of government procurement is very important and said that such workshops are an opening for the introduction of more efficient working methods, which and those who are newly involved in government procurement.
Now this work is in Delhi, we don't know how much the State Government can convince the Government leaders in Delhi to include the Khasi Language in the Khyrnit Baphra,” said Dr. Nonglait. .
Lahkmen said that what he wants to see is that the people should have peace and order, on the border there will be cooperation between the BSF and the state police to curb crime and to see to it that the police earn the trust of the people.
He said that this place will inspire all the steps of India and remind us that defeat is not the end.
The ceremony was conducted at the Laitumkhrah Parish Cathedral by Archbishop Dominic Jala and other priests.
This will happen on January 26, 2024 from 5:00 pm to 6:00 pm.
Shillong, Nailar 07: U Bah Hispreachering Son Shylla, 66, MLA and former MDC of KHADC, passed away today at Super Care Hospital Shillong after a long illness.
IG, BSF Meghalaya Frontier, Inderjit Singh Rana congratulated the teachers and said that they are an example for the youth who will become the leaders of the country in the future.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The body of Bah Sylvester Mawrie, 25, was found dead at his residence in Nongrah Nonglum Block-C at 9 pm today. Rynjah Police Station.
Therefore, the Catholic Association of Shillong appeals to all the residents to restore peace and to put these issues in the prayers of the association, said Richard Kahit Vice President and Barnabas. City General Secretary.
The farmers also said that the lack of money and kiad has become too much in this area and this is another big problem for them.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: Shillong Lajong have moved up to third place in the I-League 2023-24 points table after beating TRAU-FC in the 2023-24 season. on Saturday of last month.
Many of the Catholic faithful were unable to take part in the service due to traffic jam and many had to walk many kilometers to reach the service.
The Symbut Myntri Rangbah said that everyone has to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
This is the only way we can stop the influx of drugs," he said.
The Government is still banning the entry and exit of people from other districts to East Khasi Hills or from East Khasi Hills to other districts.
According to a source from the Secretariat, only 25% of those who came to work at the Main and Additional Secretariat today, the figures from each district are still being collected.
The rebels also sent letters demanding money from the public.
The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) has given the ticket to former MLA and Cabinet Minister Zenith M Sangma to contest the MP election from the 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituency. the present time.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Mukul said the decision of the Cabinet taken today is to overturn the decision of the previous government which took the decision on the 24th. November 22, 2009.
In a message of condolences, the Defense Minister of India, Amit Shah, said that this is a sad day for India on the loss of the Chief of Army Staff of India, General Bipin Rawat. wife and 11 soldiers on board the helicopter.
He said that it would be better for the people to have one Government within the District Council so that it can run smoothly.
“Our visit that day and when we asked for the documents, they were not there.
When it is urgent, it means that the CEM only after being elected to the Council, can go to the office of the CEM and start his work, which we all CEMs including the CEM. The current Dy.CM who was elected CEM in 2004 does not; and the first task is to send the list of MDCs who should be appointed by the Governor to be Executive Members in accordance with Rule 20 (1) above.
How can MR say that the ILP cannot be implemented, which the High Level Committee set up by the previous government has approved to implement?
Kharkjahrin said the demand for the ILP is to fully protect Meghalaya from the CAA, while the Meghalaya Residence Safety and Security (Amendment) Bill will protect only from the entry of foreigners. the state.
“But we are in a society where we have to have a collective responsibility not only for ourselves but for others as well.
Mawlong is the birthplace of Bah Teiñwell Dkhar and he married into the Khyllep Mawlong clan.
The union will follow up on the dam until it is completed for the benefit of the people.
Also present on the occasion were Chief Minister Conrak K Sangma, Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, Home Minister James K Sangma and other NPP MLAs. witnessed the inauguration of the new MLA.
The appointment of RN Ravi as Governor of Meghalaya was read out by the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah PS Thangkhiew. air forces and armed forces.
Shillong, May 24: The Chief Minister of Manipur today laid a wreath in honor of the seven soldiers who lost their lives in the shooting of insurgents.
North Garo Hills won the toss and elected to bat first. Shillong Cricket Association (SCA) scored 121 runs for the loss of four wickets in the 20th over. .
As a sign of protest against the increase in the price of petrol, diesel, tyndong lyer and others which have affected the people, the party will hold a march from the ground to the party office at Congress Bhavan tomorrow. Police Market.
At the same time, FAMASSTA expresses its deep sorrow that this global situation has affected the education of the children. ways to educate children.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing said that the Dorbar Ri has held four meetings to present the views to the Delhi authorities and they will discuss this issue again after consultation with all the Himas.
On the other hand, the HNLC has not taken any part in the office blockade called by the HNLC on the 9th, 12th and 13th of this month. The HNLC and the party when it has any needs, it does it.
At present, the border areas are still lagging behind and there are still many development projects in many areas. If these markets can be reopened, it will be of great help to the people of the area who live in the area. border with Bangladesh.
The MDCs of the KHNAM party have strongly opposed the convening of this special session, saying that there is no urgency to convene this session because this convening is for their benefit. politician.
These aspects reflect the operational capabilities of the states, the threats they face and the threats that exist.
Although the contractor has not arrived at the site, the three organizations have conducted an inspection to find out whether the work is adequate or not.
He was born on 9th June 1959 and graduated from the National Defense Academy, and joined the Army in November
The Aerobatic Team, popularly known as SKAT, has won the theme “Sadaiva Sarvottam” which means they are always the best. He also invited the public to see the skills of the Indian Army.
He said that if Genetically Modified (GM) seeds are used, the region can not only feed itself but can also export to the world.
The relevant land port in Bangladesh is at Tamabil, in Sylhet district.
The Seng also informs and urges the President/Secretary and all members of FKJGP of various Units to please attend the meeting at the office of the Seng on the 3rd July at 3 pm. .
In addition, the character replaced by 'ng' is a phonetic alphabet that is included in a list called kaka which is only for Latin characters prepared in in the nineteenth century to arrange the sounds of those letters.
Police have registered a case under Section 103/3 (5) of the BNS and investigation is ongoing to arrest others involved in the incident.
Modi said this has connected lakhs of students with the working methods of the country's Parliament.
Police have seized 5,000 liters of kyiad, T.17 lakh and 466 grams of heroin.
On receiving this information, the police rushed to the scene to search for the robbers.
And if they don't have their own pla, they can write whatever they want.
Speaking at the meeting, Retd Professor SS Majaw stressed that as writers they should not be disturbers of the village with their writings.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Village Administration Bills (VAB) passed by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be in accordance with the Constitution of India. The KHADC should take the current bill and pass a new one so that the Governor of the state can sign it to change the law.
Today, India has more than 1.90 crore women in administrative offices, more than 17,000 women elected to Panchayati Raj groups, and more than 10,000 women in the national security forces.
“It is unpleasant that people who were not authorized to enter or walk to the illegal Coke Plants during the demolition,” the District Magistrate said in the order.
Jowai, July 06: The JYF Lakadong unit has re-elected its office bearers in November
Regarding the awarding of the Meghalaya Day Award, the award will be increased from Rs 100,000 to Rs 2 lakh. The increase to Rs 100,000 was made in 2013 and the second application. can be online.
Rajiv Kumar also spoke on the need to use science to monitor elections so that they can be used effectively along with digital platforms to facilitate the dissemination of information developed by the states and the ECI. The CEOs have been directed to ensure that they invite the leaders of the National and State Disaster Response Force to discuss the issues that need to be addressed.
This is very sad, he said.
According to the Chief Electoral Officer, Dr BDR Tiwari, the total number of voters in Meghalaya according to the final rolls is 22,17,100 lakh.
The Shillong All Faiths Forum (SAFF), which stands for peace, harmony and justice, has expressed its deep sorrow over the recent killings of foreigners in Ichamati and Mawlai Mawroh.
He congratulated the CEOs that since the launch of this project from 1st July, 2022 more than 2.5 crore AADHARs have been collected through the voluntary donations of the people.
Referring to the Mining Policy, the Chief Minister said that the policy was adopted in 2012 for the purpose of smooth running of mining activities in the state and the government will implement it. The PIB (SP News) said that the project has been implemented within 10 years in accordance with the laws and regulations.
On the other hand, the KHADC has appointed Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin to lead the discussion on the issue of reconciliation as the Hima Jirang has accepted the road and this work has started since a year ago. kingdom Jirang.
The number of youths registered by district is 14993 from East Khasi Hills, 4982 from West Khasi Hills, 3052 from South West Khasi Hills, 7236 from West Jaintia Hills, 1576 from Ri Bhoi, There are 694 cases in East Garo Hills, 731 cases in North Garo Hills, 1215 cases in West Garo Hills and 593 cases in South West Garo Hills.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Aquafest, the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District said: , Bah W.Nongsiej congratulated the Fisheries Department of the State.
Regarding the education of the students, this year it is difficult for them to study MBBS and engineering because they have to go abroad. There should be no public explanation through the Dorbar Shnongs so that the people can understand.
The office has invited all the Rangbah Shnongs of Jowai, Thadlaskein, Amlarem Block to attend the event. day.
She urged the nurses in the area to do something to bring about a change in the lives of these people.
The group will submit a petition to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to remind him of the demand for Civil Sub Division of the people of Mawsynram Block.
Besides Karaigora, the villages that received the assistance are Balabita and Rangasora. These villages fall under the jurisdiction of the BOP Karaigora which fall under the SWKH District. and Kuldip Singh.
She said that in the past 15 years, the number of vehicles registered with the District Transport Officer (DTO) has not reached 1000 per year. less than 10 times.
When asked whether the Office Memorandum dated July 14, 2023 mentioned the month and year of implementation of the Roster.
Shillong, Naiaiweng 17: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today issued a notice that from tomorrow morning, commercial vehicles will be allowed to carry 100% passengers from the village land. to private vehicles.
The Union Minister said that the training center at NEHU including an Agri Business Clinic at NEHU Tura.
Amit Shah said he is confident that through cooperation, we will be able to overcome the drug problem and reach the goal of a drug free India.
Markun Marbohpat said she has built her house under the PM Awas Plus Yojana for the fiscal year 2021-2
The statement urged the Director Generals of Police of the States of India and the Union Territories to inform all the police stations in their states to arrest the suspect. N Marak.
Dr Sailo passed away on the 15th of this month and the family members wanted to bury him in Nongpoh at the Pham House in Nongpoh Proper but the village did not give permission on the grounds that this place is too old. in the center of the village.
The BSF saw the arrival of the suspect and arrested him after he entered India.
The foreign assistance before 2018 was T.2500/- crore and now it has increased to T.7500/- crore.
In this regard, everyone is requested to join hands with the CoMSO group to make this strike a success.
Once we were able to talk to her and since 5:30 pm although we tried to talk to her by telephone we couldn't talk to her.
In his speech, Prime Minister Narendra Modiu spoke about India's digital transformation.
When Dapoiwanmi Laloo arrived at China Bazzar, he admitted that it belonged to him and no one could challenge him because he had all the documents and according to the law. partnership with a foreigner and the income is equal (50-50), at the same time he said that he bought the china bazar market, and when asked to show those documents His manager could not explain or answer, while the employees said they knew only the foreigner who was sitting at the counter. The salary is also received from this foreign state.
The Prime Minister congratulated all those who have contributed to the purchase of these 25 ambulances for the benefit of the people.
According to information received from those who have registered, more than 500 farmers have attended the third dorbar bah.
“Some civil society organizations in the state have suggested to erect statues of the heroes of the country like the statues of the heroes of India, Indira Gandhi. and Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose'
Speaking at the inauguration of the police station, the Chief Minister said that the police force has to do many things and has to take responsibility in many things and they have to fight many things. problems.
Earlier, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh said the UDP and HSPDP, which are working together under the banner of the RDA, are confident of winning the Shillong seat.
Speaking on the occasion, CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, said that the awarding ceremony was held to ensure that there should be a smooth running of the KHADC. work, shall be responsible for the work assigned.
Immediately, the driver of the truck was arrested for failing to show the documents to carry the shini. In another raid, BSF Meghalaya seized smuggled goods worth more than Rs 28 lakh which were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
Shillong, Nailur 06: A meeting was held today between the Chief Forest Officers of the three District Councils, KHADC, JHADC and GHADC. Member in charge of Forest Department, KHADC, Bah Victor Ranee said that today the CFOs of the three District Councils have met in Shillong to discuss the purpose of the Forest Department. The Central Government to introduce the Indian Forest Act.
There is power in unity – to be united in spirit even if they are in different groups.
The purpose of submitting these documents to the Symbut CEM is to verify that the villages under the Nongtung Raid Hima called Block II belong to Meghalaya.
The funds allocated under this for the provision of medicines shall be administered by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has dropped the charges against Zenithsku J Sangma CEO of Tura Municipal Board after he apologized to the Legislative Assembly. today.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Aristotle Lyngdoh, General Secretary of the Union.
Shillong, November 04: U Bah Comingone Ymbon, Minister in charge of Electricity and Rural Development, today sent his resignation letter as Minister of State under his leadership. Dr Mukul Sangma.
Tura, Naiwieng 16: A total of 163 members of the ANVC who came to the peace talks with the government in 2004 are staying in different places set up by the government.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the President of the union, Samla Forwardman Nongrem, said that the first topic was the discussion on the 100-bed hospital in Mawkyrwat. November 2022 but still missing many parts.
All participants benefited greatly through these discussions through interaction and oral presentations from special guest speakers.
Shillong, Nailur 02: U Delhi North East Chief Minister Daniel Stone Lyngdoh has warned the people of the state to investigate before entering private jobs or educational institutions due to the large number of companies. just lie.
The C-In-C of the GNLA said that the GNLA has not demanded any money from the mother. The GNLA has directed all area commanders to investigate the incident. that if anyone is found taking the name of the GNLA for their own benefit, the GNLA will not forgive them.
The Church has donated 10,000/- per month to support this school which opened the Arts Stream in 2012 and is pleased that the results are 100%.
Speaking to reporters after meeting with the 12 MLAs who left the Congress party, Metbah said that after receiving the letter from the 12 MLAs, u They were invited to meet today in their office.
Guwahati, Naiwieeng 24: An officer of the Assam Garment Department was rescued from a gun in Bugalmari area today after a clash between Meghalaya and Assam police. hands of the rebels who abducted him from Garo Hills.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MIDC, Spokesperson, said that the work has started until the National Commission for Tribal Affairs. , (NCST) The Government of India has decided to direct the Ministry of Tribal Affairs, Government of India to take the necessary steps to fulfill the promises and agreements signed between the Government of India and the Khasi States.
He said that this disease has affected even the richest countries.
Therefore, in our meeting with the DC today, we demanded that he should immediately inspect the factory and close it down immediately if its presence affects the factory. cleanliness of the environment and put the health of the people at risk”, said Bah H.Deolangki Dkhar.
The interview will be conducted at the conference room of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District.
We therefore demand that the Labor Inspector, the District Level Team and also the District Task Force should not force us to do their duty otherwise they will have to take responsibility later.
Arun was born in Durban on 14 June 1934, the son of Manilal Gandhi and Sushila Mashruwala.
This is the ninth in a series of 12 webinars conducted by the Government to seek views on the implementation of the announcements under the 2023 Budget of the Union Government.
He said that as members of the Rotary Club it will be a pleasure to be able to help the people in need and the most pleasant thing is the help that you don't know who needs it. aid.
Before the start of the Freshers' Meet, the new office bearers of KSU NEHU Unit were sworn in by Donald V Thabah, GS KSU CEC. He is from Wapung, East Jaintia Hills.
Therefore, we demand that the Fire Service Department of the State should set up a branch in Balat or Dangar village so that it can provide adequate services in this area.
This program shows how we can get jhur ki jhep and others by harvesting leaves from the forest in Linsamer.
Together, we can overcome poverty, stupidity and inequality.
The Seng ka Mana urged the people involved in this crime to come forward and apologize.
“The KSU will stand firm on the basis of protecting the Jaitbynriew and will not allow the authorities to invade our country,” he said.
Speaking at a public meeting attended by the party supporters from all over the constituency, Bah Charles President of the party said that if they are elected to power in the state in the MLA elections 2023, their goal is ahead. Their job is to implement schemes for the benefit of the people.
He said that on his part he doesn't have any insult to them but it is because the area has not been cleaned which can affect the health of the people living there. wet here you bag.
After listening to the complaints of the people, HANM urges the government to take immediate action to protect this village from the attack by Bangladeshi robbers.
The selection of poor households to receive this assistance was done by these two voluntary groups.
Of these, 248 PACS started their work.
At the same time, the Director said that the total number of recoveries today is 87, 44 in East Khasi Hills, 18 in West Jaintia Hills, 8 in West Garo Hills, 3 in East Garo Hills and 3 in North. The total number of recoveries so far has risen to 9455 from Garo Hills.
Tens of thousands of people attended the funeral of the former General Secretary of the HNLC.
The new office bearers of the HYC Malki Circle were sworn in by the President of the HYC Malki Circle Bah Robertjone Kharjahrin in the presence of the Secretary of the Malki Dorbar Shnong Bah Miquel Badwar.
Shillong, Lber 10: The HSPDP has received the resignation letter of its president Ardent M Basaiawmoit and the party will soon convene a meeting to discuss the matter.
Under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, India will continue to look into test-track-treat-vaccination and lifestyle to prevent the spread of Covid-1
How many people have given honor to those who have fought until they have won, let us give honor to those who deserve honor.
The Government has taken this announcement to continue the ban on the internet after receiving information that there have been incidents across Jaintia Hills, Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi, due to the incident in Mukroh and the sending of Videos, photos through WhatsApp, Facebook, can affect your peace of mind.
On the other hand, the BSF has handed over the muid and cows to the police for further investigation. The muid and cows have been handed over to the Shella Police Station. the police were angry.
On the other hand, the inaction of the State Government makes the robbers of the Sengbhalang group believe that they are above the law.
“This decision of the State Government is an insult to the people and especially to those from East Jaintia Hills who have to face daily difficulties due to the excessive deterioration of the road,” said the statement. .
Speaking to reporters after the talks between the three parties, HYC President Roy Kupar Synrem said that they have decided to write to the government to ask how many people are living in the country. in normal Shillong, because as it is now, the government does not have an account.
He said the government has decided to deploy drones to investigate the flood affected areas in different parts of the state so that emergency assistance can be provided to the people in times of need. .
On the other hand, the RPF police who accompany the trains when they travel from one place to another are very concerned to ensure that illegal activities should not take place as this is to provide security to the trains. Railway passengers and this police force has been deployed to provide security to the passengers.
The offices that have been closed are the offices of the Khadi and Village Industries Commission and others who have protested by opening their offices on this special day to celebrate the New Year at Mawdan Weiking.
In his speech, Conrad K Sangma said that the arrival of these leaders in the NPP is an honor for the party in Mahendraganj constituency.
East Jaintia Hills Police have seized drugs from a vehicle without register number and East Jaintia Hills Police have arrested drug traffickers who were trafficking from one state to another.
These orders were handed over to Bah NK Syiem Superintendent of Police in charge of traffic at his office.
Mawphansaw, Mawmynsor, Mawmynsor.
In another question, the Minister in charge of Housing, Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare, in reply to a question by Bah Mayralborn Syiem regarding the construction of the Polytechnic at Nongkhrah-Pahambir Nongpoh, the Minister said that the delay was due to lack of land where it could not be started on time.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The police station in Sohra, which is no longer in use, was built during the British period. the capital of the North East, which was then known as Assam, still stands today.
The BJP Meghalaya State Unit led by State President Rikman Momin and Minister of State Alexander L. Hek on Tuesday met with Union Home Minister Amit Shah in Shillong this evening. Wednesday.
A clear statement to the people of this coke factory you cannot buy us at all we will stand firm on a firm foundation and we will not stop to move forward to demand even if it takes years.
This logo and theme are the hallmarks of many Indian news outlets.
3006 pharmacies in different states and UTs will be connected to the internet on this day.
The meeting was held at Raj Bhavan.
“We have found that there are many current police officers in the Home (Police) department who have violated the Act 2010,” he said.
The JSU Sengkmie appeals to all the people of Hynniewtrep and all the political parties to unite and demand that the state government should take immediate action to talk to the central government. The ILP has been implemented by the people of Hynniewtrep for a long time.
Shillong, July 10: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle through this statement would like to inform you that the Maitshaphrang Khasi League Basketball Tournament, 2022 has been postponed due to the increase in the number of students. the COVID-19 pandemic.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today sent a letter to the Deputy CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (HYC) Telinia Thangkhiew. .
Shillong, November 12: Officials of the Medical Council of India will visit the North East Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Medical Science (NEIGHRIMS) to inspect the medical education at the institution. is appropriate as this study will begin in the spring of
In his welcoming speech, former CEM and KHUDA Leader Bah PN Syiem said that as KHUDA, we are in favor of this project. the parts that affect the life and death of the Jaidbynriew.
The Fourth MLP Battalion in Sohpian will serve the people of West Khasi Hills and the Fifth MLP Battalion in Williamsnagar will serve the people of East and South Garo Hills.
The polling for the election of the new MP from the 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency is only three days away. The mid-term election was held today in the presence of all the relevant government officials.
Shillong, March 12: The SP of East Khasi Hills District, Bah M Kharkrang, today announced that there will be a training for youths who wish to join the police force. Chief Minister’s Career Guidance and Counseling Scheme’.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed his satisfaction that the digitization of all courts in the country has been personally overseen by the Chief Justice of the country and congratulated him for his initiatives.
The two foreigners were identified as Ishan Singh and Sujit Dutta.
Shillong, Nailur 14: There are 127 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 75 cases in West Khasi Hills and 18 cases in West Khasi Hills. The total number of cases has risen to
The minutes of the meeting were signed by both sides after reaching an agreement on several issues related to trade and customs procedures between the two countries.
The Foundation and the land owners strongly oppose the decision of the Chief Secretary of the State on the meeting held on 25th July 2018 where he gathered experts to discuss these tree bridges without informing the who owns the land.
Police urged the public to cooperate with the law enforcement agencies to fight against these drugs which affect the society especially the youth.
: Medulance, a leading emergency services company, has been appointed to operate the EMRI-108 in Meghalaya.
Other speakers on the occasion were Chief Administrative Officer KK Kulshrestha Director Dr KK Baruah. part of them.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The State Election Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to confirm the mid-term MDC election of Bah HS Shylla Bay. He is the candidate of the party from Nongkrem Constituency.
In their letter, the four organizations demanded that the government should take action to resolve the border between the two states which has been in existence for many years. to be corrected.
The Office of the Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities in collaboration with the State Resource Center on Disability Affairs on Tuesday celebrated the International Day for Persons with Disabilities at the State Central Library, Shillong.
The government has also sent magistrates and police chiefs to be present at the scene while the MEMRI leaders are applying for permission to march from the scene to the Secretariat.
He said the council in collaboration with the World Bank will also set up an RRC or resources recovering center which will also be part of the separation of waste, rotten and non-rotten waste to facilitate the recovery of waste. how to bread them.
The terms of reference of this scheme provide for the ease of doing business and encourage village shops and others to become the providers of Wi-Fi Hotspots – Public Data Offices (PDOs).
The purpose of the program in these schools is to provide training through the Manbha Foundation to school children from class 7 to class 12 on the dangers of drug addiction.
Prof Dutta said that science is the journey to the end and the journey is only the beginning.
Johny Nongrum, Sports Secretary KSU NKHD Unit opened the tournament at 8 pm and Donald V. Thabah, General Secretary KSU, closed the tournament at 3 pm. CEC in the presence of Rapbor Nongrum, Ex Finance Secretary, KSU CEC, James H Mawphniang, General Secretary, KSU NKHD Unit and others.
Therefore, the HYC, although we accept the government's intention to resolve the border issue, we demand that the Meghalaya government should not make a mistake in this second phase.
Shillong, March 29: The HITO of Ri Bhoi District has sent a letter to the District Health Medical Officer of Ri Bhoi District to urge the officer in the district to appoint those who have education. if there are vacancies.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The Meghalaya government has not yet turned its attention to the Land Custom Stations (LCS) in the Khasi areas bordering Bangladesh.
The search for these children is ongoing by the family members as well as the police.
“It is surprising how a Nepali from another country dares to appoint himself as Rangbah Shnong in an area within the border of Jaintia Hills which falls under the 6th Schedule of the Constitution of Jaintia Hills. in India.
To eradicate the disease, the measures taken include screening of all and early detection of the disease, information and counseling before marriage, monitoring of treatment of those with to this disease.
It is estimated that the total amount of T 2.59 lakh crore will exceed the GST payment from the 2021-22 fiscal year.
In his speech, he highlighted the need for youth to develop the North East of India.
This is according to a statement sent by HYC President and General Secretary Ricky Iawphniaw.
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar will also be present on the occasion.
Chiran Musharry, Armed Branch Constable/2297, has been on duty since Tuesday night, said the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger.
These information have been posted on the dash board of the app so that doctors and health workers can follow up on those mothers who are at risk and those who are about to give birth.
Shillong, March 14: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Seng Kmie through its CEC Meeting held today has decided to discuss the issues faced by the students from time to time.
The Vice Chairman suggested that the Northeast Cultural Center to be built in Dwaraka, New Delhi should have facilities to hold exhibitions, discussions and programs related to dairy.
In a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, Shillong, on November 3, 2018, the police received a complaint at Mawngap Police Station. A 12-year-old girl who was studying in Class VII was raped by a man named Mortonjune Kharbani (45-50 years old).
Speaking on the turnout, Process congratulated the Election Department for bringing the number of voters in the state to 18 lakh, but asked whether these The people are only Garo Khasi and Jaintia, he asked.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The office of the Government Child Welfare Department has informed that if the family members know that a child who was abandoned at Wahingdoh Shillong on 20th November 2016, they can go to the police station. within 60 days, otherwise the office may hand it over to the people to approve it.
When asked who is the brother of the minister and who is the minister, Bah Himalaya declined to give her name and said that if you want to know, ask the ADC and he will tell you the name of the minister. we are people.
Those who strive to bring wealth are the weapons of the country that must be strengthened.
The FIR was filed on 27th November.
He said the program will continue for the traditional healers in Meghalaya.
The arrest of this Khasi youth came after some people spread a picture of a foreigner dead with the words, “Dead a foreigner While the picture is of the body of a foreigner who died of the disease.
The Seng apologizes to those villages where we have not yet reached to provide assistance and we hope and strive as hard as we can to provide assistance to you at another time.
“I express my opposition and condemnation to the incident on the 6th, November 2023 regarding the sale of drugs in the heat and light as if selling cigarettes without fear or respect in a place where “I believe we have all seen that it has spread on social media and this will be a war against drugs,” said Bah Adelbert in a statement sent to the media.
He said the government will provide medicines to government hospitals.
He said that the Ri Bhoi Police will provide assistance to accompany the families to take the bodies of the two workers to their village.
The deterioration of the road inside the biggest stadium in the state has created a scene of invisibility as Meghalaya has only one stadium in the state so far, but the deterioration the road affects the reputation of the sports department.
Former Ministers Raj Nath Singh has been reinstated as Defence Minister, Amit Shah has been reinstated as Home Minister, Shivraj Singh Chouhan has been reinstated as Home Minister. HD Kumaraswamy of JDS has been appointed to the Factory Department.
Rupshi Bungalow at Laitumkhrah, Chandralaya Bungalow, Bivar Road, Inverniel Bungalow, Laban, Greenview Bungalow No.1 Rilbong, Greenview Bungalow No.2 Rilbong.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Ester Ryngkhlem congratulated the management of NEIMA for dedicating their body and soul to provide adequate services to these 25 children. Niwasly Rymbai President of JYF-EJH, while advising and encouraging these children, you should always be humble children. and thank God that you have caregivers who are more than your parents who can provide you with a satisfying service here from food, drink, clothing and other necessities. every day of your life.
Another scheme affecting more than 7000 Asha workers in the state is the Asha Benefit Scheme which they have not received since 2014 till now.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has sent a letter to the Union Home Minister regarding the infiltration of Bangladeshis into the border areas. state of Meghalaya.
According to the times and events from generation to generation through the years and ages in society, all these things have changed through the snap of the great people of Rithor.
Speaking to reporters at the party headquarters, Ernest Mawrie said that the TMC's proposal is like buying voters before the MLA elections to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. in the year
Government authorities have arrested the truck and the driver of the vehicle, Bah Andreas Thabah.
Speaking at the Dorbar, Paiem Latho Manik Syiem, Syiem of Mylliem Hima said that it is only the Dorbar Ri which will be the STIEH of the Hynniewtrep people. the dorbar which shall preserve these customs and traditions which are difficult to see in other nations.
The President of the Union, Bah Napoleon Mawphniang, said that the Union has already sent a letter to the Minister of PHE, Marcuise N. Marak and the higher authorities of the department. to find ways and means to pay the salaries of casual employees who have served for 10, 20 and 30 years.
In his speech, Amit Shah said that under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, India is taking a big step towards digitalisation.
Speaking to reporters, he said that Limison has left the Congress party and his supporters and today they have joined the NPP. you party.
Riangtem said that as teachers, they have decided to continue this strike until they get their rights. If they are not qualified to teach, why doesn't the government stop them? After 59 people were appointed and why they were sent for more than 10 years.
The Chief Minister has appealed to the people to continue to cooperate with the government, as the government will restore peace and order. and yesterday he called a meeting of the people to bring peace and stability in the village.
The purchase price of these equipment is T.14.06 crore. 34 units have been completed and the remaining 12 units will be completed in the coming months.
With the passing of the days, the spending of drugs is no longer limited to Shillong but has also entered the rural areas of the State.
They also spoke at the meeting and also on behalf of the Sordar of Riad Majai.
“This protest is not for the benefit of anyone but for the benefit of all,” said Bah Niangti.
The Chief Minister said that once you come from outside the state, you have to undergo the test according to the rules laid down by the government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
In 1971, it took part in the war known as East Pakistan and in this year it was handed over to the Shylet and Mainmensing Districts. who arrived in Dhaka and who was the first to arrive in Dhaka.
He also raised the question of who holds the key to the sale and purchase of synsar in the state.
Thousands of Warjri members attended the 25th Anniversary of the Seng Kur Warjri at Thynroit.
The report shows that by 2030, more than 80% of deaths caused by tobacco use will be in low and middle-income countries (LMICs). ).
The MSPCB has found that there are 30 coal mining factories which have not yet received the CTE and has applied to close them down.
The question now is how many youths will be shot and arrested by the government.
Shillong, Nailar 07: The judo camp scheduled to be held in Tura from this month has been postponed due to various reasons. programs of the youth of the state which will be held in Tura.
Gandhiji spoke of swadeshi with a different spirit.
The deceased was identified as Bah Phul Dkhar, 60, of Umpling.
Many passengers who went to buy tickets had to return home empty-handed due to the closure of the counters at the area.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) CEC cannot just listen and be mere spectators to the inability of the NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government to resolve the issues and demands. ASHA workers in the State.
UDP party leaders, President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, along with his family members are expected to attend the swearing-in ceremony at 4 pm. to be a full MLA of the Legislative Assembly of the State.
“At this time, we feel that the law should be supreme.
Furthermore, free rice, ie rice under the PMGKAY scheme, will be distributed at the rate of 5 kilos per head for those who do not have AAY and PHH ration cards. The government has directed all FPS dealers not to destroy the food items under the PMGKAY, NFSA and Non-NFSA schemes. those consumers who do not have Aadhaar Card and those who have lost their ration cards.
Police have informed that anyone who knows Gongme Marak is kindly requested to collect her body from Civil Hospital Shillong. For more information please call 0364-2224818 and 0364-2 of Sardar Police Station.
“East Jaintia Hills is a small district with only 1,22,939 residents according to the PPF, 2011 Census.
The Hima Khyriem in Nongkrem, on the other hand, when the house in Nongkrem was destroyed, the Syiemsad moved to Smit.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today convened a meeting of the Climate Change Council in Shillong to review the schemes implemented by the government from various government departments to climate change. to nature.
After the shooting, the gunmen managed to flee to the forests of the area and when the police searched the body of the deceased, they found from the body of the deceased. Shillong, Nailar 24: Conrad K Sangma, MP of the National People's Party (NPP), on Tuesday said that the decision of the Meghalaya High Court to terminate the The PIL on the allegation of armed robbery is exactly like a slap in the face to the government of Dr Mukul Sangma and the government as a whole, as well as to the officers.
The three cases who tested positive for COVID-19 till 10 am are two from East Khasi Hills and one from Ri Bhoi District.
He said the government has already decided to set up a government department to look after the production of soybeans from Meghalaya. market the products by shaping them in the way of marketing the products.
All teachers who have passed the D.El examination are urged.
He was an ARC soldier who lived at the Assam Riffle Market in Happy Valley.
Many kinds of sports activities were held on this day which entertained not only the youth and children.
The BSF seized the two vehicles and arrested the drivers of these vehicles. They were identified as Wanglangki Phawa, 20, and Sankryang Lamin,
Police have arrested the driver of the vehicle identified as Nehtinmang Haokip, 36, from M.Songgel village, Churachandpur district, Manipur.
It is alleged that this border agreement between the two countries has not been taken according to the soskular.
New Delhi, June 03: The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Dr Jitendra Singh, today held a detailed discussion through Video Conference, following all the social distancing guidelines. officials from DoNER, North Eastern Council (NEC) and NEDFI regarding the spread of COVID-19 and the measures taken to combat the disease in the North East.
HANM President Lam Kharbani said that this is like putting another soh pyut in the same pot so they will all rot together. The number of cases of COVID-19 in the state has increased significantly.
Nine wrestlers from the state have qualified and only two have reached the pre-quarterfinal, but they have lost despite showing their skills in this match.
Shillong, July 16: U Prestone Tynsong Symbut, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that the government has decided to reopen the Iewduh from the first day of 22/6/2
Police have recovered a rifle and two mobile phones from these two persons. Police said that these four persons have links with insurgent groups in the past. The complaint was registered at Siju Police Station No.
The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang has also warned that if the Meghalaya Government does not listen to the demands of the residents of Umkiang area to improve the NH-6 in these days they will hold a protest by taking to the streets.
Shillong, March 07: Meghalaya will host the National Games in 2022 in three and a half years and 2018 will be the end of the year. only two months.
He said that the loss of this house has been severe because of the loss of all the necessities such as equipment to be used in the cultivation and care of the insects. The house cost Rs 5 lakh and the property valued at Rs 2 lakh.
The march led to a stone throwing in Motphran in which several policemen were injured.
Shillong, July 12: The Hima Khyriem today held a meeting with Dr Balajied S Syiem, Syiem of Khyrim, and Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Grand Council of Chiefs. The Federation of Khasi States (FKK) has met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma and urged him to take action to ensure that the cow markets in the state should not be closed down. the reason for the federal decree.
Shillong, July 04: The 15th Finance Commission (FC) headed by Chairman NK Singh today held a detailed meeting with the Government of Meghalaya. important.
He said that what the committee can do is that after explaining to the public on the IOA and AA, they will prepare a report and submit it to the Executive Committee of KHADC. see what they will move on to.
He was charged under Section 8 of the POCSO Act,
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. DD Lapang expressed his gratitude to the leaders and members of the Young Minds Association of Ri Bhoi who have honored him by building the statue. honor him as a leader who has contributed to the development of Ribhoi and the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: U Bah Biangkey Lyngdoh has lodged a complaint that in October, unidentified persons have withdrawn T.60 lakh by check from the PWD office belonging to the PMGSY. According to the complaint, the check was deposited at the Meghalaya Rural Bank in Nongstoin and was withdrawn between 9th October and 16th June. Police are investigating the case and have seized T.59,99,274/- from this account.
The death toll from COVID-19 in the state has risen to 20 with 1842 recoveries so far and 19 recoveries today.
In this article alone, some acceptable and perhaps unacceptable words have been developed such as the word Culture, which is forcibly translated from the English word “culture”, which has its own original word Deiriti. , the word literature which is forcibly translated from the English word “literature” in which there is no original language Ka Thoh Ka Tar, especially since such languages ​​are the heart of the Khasi people.
Six students, Embokshisha Lartang, Minasi Lyngdoh, Ibanroi Lyngdoh, Iakidabiang Langstang, Lusanias Lyndoh and Bancyqueen Lyngdoh, have received First Division and Distinction in various subjects.
On the decision of the Government to introduce a Resolution in the House to demand from the Central Government to include the Khasi Language in the Fifth Schedule, the Seng welcomes and should do so on the day of introducing the Khasi Language. “They will hold a rally in Delhi if necessary,” said KAS President Dr DRL Nonglait.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Bharatya Janata Party (BJP) has vowed to file an FIR against Congress MP candidate Dikkanchi D. Shira for criticizing the BJP during its election campaign.
The installation of these gates has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers and this has also caused traffic jam. This has caused a lot of trouble for the people who come and go. should be closed if they still exist.
KDA President Bah S Kharjana in his speech said that these perpetrators do not care even for children with disabilities and this has happened across the state. man shall not be punished severely.
MLAs from all parties in the government, army chiefs, Meghalaya government chiefs, family members and others were present on the occasion. supporters of the ministers who were sworn in today.
you should get both shares.
: Nonhimarng C, Nonhimarng C, Haa Patha, Plakata, Nonhymmai, Mykrualr, Pathakpgibi, Umsohrna, Pynoke, Pynoke BIA, Pathakbhanga, Umsen, Gorspung Pilangku, Iewmadam (non existing), Pynker Thymmai, Tamalkushi, Borohuin, Nongkylla Khasi, Byrni, Amjuk, Dermile (non existing), Garobnangi, Nerbung, Rajabagan, Panitula Damsite, Umtrew Colony, Pahamsohbar, Nongthymmai Joroirkuna 15Mile and Ransa
Along the roads, the roads were filled with heavy stones which fell during the landslide during the heavy rain. difficult.
The lack of employment among the youth of the country has led them to become involved in various evils such as drinking alcohol, drugs, prostitution, and even theft. They shall not rob only to satisfy their desires when they are in poverty, nor shall they be able to survive in the world of unemployment.
Referring to the NSUI, Dr. Ampareen said that it was the MPCC which had written to the party in Delhi to suspend the activities of the NSUI in Meghalaya to prevent the flight of people. from the party.
This letter was sent to the MP of Tura on 17th June
The President of UHM demanded that the government should provide government jobs to each of these families so that they can support their families in the future.
The HYC strongly opposes this statement of the Assam government and said that if the Meghalaya government does not do anything on this information of the HYC, the HYC will The Assam government should not be allowed to build a police outpost on this site in any way.
For the people of Meghalaya and other ethnic groups in India, LiFE or Lifestyle for Environment is the way of life of the people and the foundation of income, policy and society.
After the dissolution of the ANVC(B) in 2014, he met GNLA member Bade Ch Marak and invited him to join the GNLA in
In this regard, a complaint has been lodged with the police and they are conducting investigation.
Those who violate the rules and regulations of the KSU should inform the following members of the KSU, Umden – Toning Lapang – +91 96123 60755, Nongpoh – Sainkupar Syngkli – +91 93661 72780, Umsning – Laraplang Nongbri – +91 60093 37989, Thain Umiam – Battilang Nongbri – +91 85751 07852, Thain Umroi – Wanteilang Marwein – +91 97746 48279, Thain 20 Mer – Overson Lyngdoh – +91p Byr 81 Paul9 1 86387 71590, Thain Jirang – Fulkinstar Wahlang – +91 60095 74580.
It may be recalled that on the 12th of this month, a sudden riot broke out at Police Bazar where unidentified persons rioted and a vehicle was set on fire by unidentified persons.
During the meeting, the DC promised to take immediate action on this issue.
Referring to the production of weightbridges, the Minister said that this does not fall under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Agriculture.
Therefore, through this step, we want our fellow citizens to understand what this Act is, how it will affect us and what we as a nation should do to oppose it. Act of the Government of India which aims to forcibly citizenship of foreigners especially Hindus from Bangladesh.
Regarding the expulsion of the market owners from the new market, the MLA said that they should not leave until the government has provided.
The survey has reached the Pnar, Bhoi, War areas in Nongphlang and the western Hima and found that they are mostly found in the western Hima such as Mawkyrwat, Phlangdiloin, Mawthawpdah, Umdohlun, Mawthabah and other Himas. Nongstoin, Nongkhnum, Jakrem and Mawmahwar.
Before the rally, many shops in the market and Police Bazar were closed, and in the afternoon a group of people marched and closed the shops on GS Road.
He said that three mantras including Act East, Act Fast and Act First have been implemented.
“Ka seng also requests the National Green Tribunal to consider these tens of thousands of precious souls who have started dying of starvation due to the ban on coal mining and trade,” he said. AJYWO (SP news) concluded the statement.
This year, the State Tobacco Control Cell was awarded the WHO Director-South-East General's Asia Region Award.
Shillong, July 11: The General Executive Council of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) today discussed three issues, namely the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019, the Inner Line Permit and the Border Demarcation. and the state of Assam.
At this meeting, it was also informed that the online application for the Scheduled Tribe Certificate will start from this office in July.
Shillong, July 08: U Bah Embhah Syiemlieh MLA of the United Democratic Party (UDP) from Mawlai on Tuesday said that “the insurgents are our children and brothers and sisters. to speak of peace.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said that they will also send a letter to the Central Government. it is with the decision of the House.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club today, Twinklely Iawrod said that she will compete in the Indian Talent Fight Season
Only 19 blocks of graphite, nickel and phosphate have been acquired by the State Governments out of 107 blocks allocated to various State Governments.
When we serve others, we also serve God. We take up this work, (because it is a) good work," she said.
The four organizations also request the people from the youth to the parents and especially the village leaders of East Jaintia Hills District to take action by coming. They are invited to attend this public meeting so that they can hear with their own ears about the neglect of NH 44 by the government and also so that with one voice, mind and strength we can take together. Therefore, I would like to ask you to take strong protest decisions against this blindness of the government in relation to this road otherwise the disaster of the west will soon come upon us each and every one.
SP News Agency has tried to contact the Returning Officer of the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Abhishek Bhagotia for clarification. the Returning Officer did not respond.
Shillong, Lber 13: Glaucoma is one of the most affected diseases in India with more than 12 million people affected.
The government will now provide special training for 23 days in five phases.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today held its General Executive Committee (GEC) where all the branches of the KSU have attended the meeting to discuss the Inner Line Permit. These are the demands of the party for more than a decade.
No & Name of Constituency                           Candidates selected1                   Christ Nartiang – ST                                       Sniawbhalang Dhar2                                         Christ Nartiang – ST                                                             Raliang – ST        Coming One Ymbon4         Mowkaiaw – ST                                                      Qually Suiam5                                                                                       at – ST   Amos Dkhar7           Amlarem – ST      Lahkmen Rymbui8          Mawhati – ST     Phingwel Muktieh9             Nongpoh – ST     Dr.D.D.Lapang10               Jirang – ST                                             Barnabas Nongbah11           Umsning – Dr 1 Sh do Ele – ST Ngaitlang Dhar13 Mawryngkneng – ST Pynehborlang Mukhim14 Pynthorumkhrah              A.L.Hek15                                              A.L.Hek15                                                                             East Shillong – ST          Ms.M. Ampareen Lyngdoh17          North Shillong – ST        Smt.
The day was also celebrated in Jowai at Syntu Ksiar where a monument of Kiangnangbah was erected.
participants from each district will be selected for the “Meghalaya Who Got Talent” which will be held in July 2017. The state will have only three candidates, while 12 others will be selected by a dance competition from among the participants.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has demanded that the Uranium Corporation of India Limited (UCIL) should close down its offices in Shillong and Wahkaji on Tuesday. The Executive Department of Radioactive Minerals (RDM) has ordered the Government of India to suspend the proposal to mine uranium in West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills. Hills and all over the country.
The plight of the poor was discussed through the speeches of the dignitaries, including the Head of ICSSR, Prof B Panda, and Dr Janak Jhankar Narzari, u head of the Santikhetan Kala Bhavan Practoni.
According to the VECs, there is no requirement to repair the old works but they can only replace them as new works.
The protest against the railway line is not new as such protests have happened in Garo Hills in the past few years.
According to the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016, India does not recognize Hindus, Sikhs, Jians, Buddhists, Jains and Parsis in Afghanistan. Pakistan and Bangladesh are not part of India.
The KSU also urges the people of the area to give their right hand and left hand and to stand firm not to be deceived by the security agents who do not care about the lives and peace of the people and the area.
NPP. There are four candidates who have filed their nomination for the post of Returning Officer, 7 Amlarem Assembly (ST) Constituency. UDP) and two independent candidates, Dunno Nongpluh and Stephenson Mukhim.
The Regional Committee for West Khasi Hills on Tuesday held a meeting with the residents of the border area especially in Langpih area. The meeting was held at the Tyrsem Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office.
Speaking to SP News Agency, witnesses said that there was a fire and suddenly there was a wire burst and a fire was seen on the post light.
For the smooth running of the work in Jaintia Hills, the party has appointed Bah Roiwan Sohtun as the supervisor.
On the introduction of the MRSSA, he said that this will not prevent the illegal entry of mynder into the state and only the ILP can prevent the illegal entry of people into the state.
The Government wants to encourage the state owners to come forward in such activities to set up factories.
He also warned that the situation continues to change and people need to be vigilant at all times.
On the other hand, the MSHG said that during the meeting of Nail Badal Das, they broke the door of a room where the fire was burning and poured water to extinguish the fire.
At present, there is a need to train about 3793 sambas in the implementation of this 100 days employment scheme, as at present the problem is that there are no specially trained personnel in this scheme. This part should be done immediately.
In his speech, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin President of the HYC, congratulated the former MDCs and MLAs who brought about the ban on the trade of other ethnic groups by passing the Trading By Act. Non Tribal in KHADC, former MLAs have passed a law to protect the land and also the good of jobs, the question now is whether these MLAs and MDCs are now willing to implement the NRC, The ILP does not protect the nation.
A 30-year-old man has been buried alive in a garbage dump at Marten, Mawlai.
Previously, Ribhoi was still part of East Khasi Hills, which was known as Ribhoi Subdivision.
Raksim Ch Momin joined the GNLA in 2012 and in 2013 left the GNLA along with others to form the ASAK along with Reding T Sangma. His funeral today was attended by religious leaders and family members.
RONGBIRIA YEAR END Celebration Six days before the New Year Celebration, the Seng Khasi Kmie, through its Rongbiria Committee, held a Rongbiria at Second Ground, SRGT, Polo.
Teibor said the implementation of the Digitalisation of Land Record is the wish of the Government of India to improve many aspects of land records and this will bring great convenience to the people.
A football match was also held between the Nongstoin Football Association and the Officers Club Nongstoin (Veteran).
On this occasion, the Director of IBSD, Prof. Pulok K. Mukherjeeto distributed the hand sanitizers and masks made within the IBSD. protect COVID-19.
Shillong, Lber 26: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has issued an order that the distribution of ration should be completed by 4th June
The names of the participants are Dayalangki Challam, Loreenia Mawlong-Individual Committee, Daiaihunlin, Phidawsannilee Wahlang, Edahunsha Challam, Gideon Tympuin, Fredrick William Rani, Badondor Ryntathiang Laknong, Gregor Lakhon Laknong, Wilson Mawlong. Zimeon Sun, Cheltis Shylla and Teiborlang Lapang will all compete in the singles.
David is from Adugre village in East Garo Hills District in the presence of police from Shillong.
He also requested the owners of vehicles especially the taxi drivers to check their trading license before sending their vehicles abroad. License will be given to contractors when they carry out their works, they are requested to cooperate with the DC. Their goal is to preserve the country and the nation, because our nation is known as the Sixth Schedule, and a clean marriage also affects the country and the nation. Kai and the nation.
On the other hand, Bah Hek blessed the Bank to continue to grow in providing services to the people.
I will also support if it is necessary to remove this gate or even to build a fence on both sides of this road like the 101 Area and Air Force so that the people can travel easily without being harassed,” he said. he said.
On the other hand, the Congress supporters have submitted a letter stating that Irin Lyngdoh has left the Congress party and her resignation letter has been accepted by the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee.
In these two constituencies, it was learned that many people have received a letter from the Forest Department to stop and without fighting against the quarrymen have stopped their work in this field. quiet maw.
The Railway Ministry can assist in the transportation of perishable goods and plants such as kiwis and flowers by transporting them through a high-speed AC wagon.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) will continue its demand for the implementation of its 14 demands for the Inner Line Permit System. The demand for the suspension of the construction of the railway line before the implementation of the ILP, the Residential Permit for Immigrants which prohibits the entry of Mynder into Basa Thurmur Village in Hynniewtrep.
To become children who will improve in the field of sports requires a lot of physical training and training, and it also requires step by step.
Justice Lyngdoh, and Ma Harvis Phawa who encouraged the management of this children's home and not to lose hope if they face challenges in the journey because the work they do is a work that exists. respect and to help others especially children who need care for their future.
The training is in accordance with the Ethics of Disaster Management Act, 2005, which is how to act during disasters.
During these two days, they met with government officials, District Administration, political parties and security forces.
When the drone was shot down, the BSF searched for it and found that it had fallen at Ghagar and Singhoke villages. to the special ksew that have been used today.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: U Bah Pangniang on Tuesday said that the reason why the HSPDP has withdrawn its support is because of the situation in the state and especially when the party stands on the ground to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state.
The Deputy Commissioner said that after receiving the results of the test, there was nothing wrong, so the containment area has been removed from these houses in Laitkot Nongdaneng. from the house of Kledis Mawrie, Wandalin Lyngdoh, Jokistar Kharkongor, Risuklin Kharumnuid, Biola Mawrie to Queen Mawrie and Persilona Mawrie.
Lukas D Sangma Sub Inspector has launched an investigation into the incident and has been able to provide evidence in connection with the murder. decide.
The students were led by Nangroi Lyngdoh and Justice P Lyngdoh and were accompanied by the students of NEHU. solve this problem.
MPCC President Vincent H Pala said the protest was to show the support of AICC leader Rahul Gandhi. but what they do is that as a party from the state they are with the leader.
The District authorities of West Karbi Anglong and Ribhoi District held a meeting to bring peace and stability in the area on 26-8-2021 and at this meeting the two DC's agreed not to implement any development schemes. The governments of Assam and Meghalaya have not yet appointed DCs.
Therefore, the Sixth Schedule is not sufficient as it is now to curb the entry of foreigners.
This was stated by Bah Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew General Secretary KSU Mawryngkneng Circle.
She said that the government does not interfere in the tender but it is the duty of the government to select the best company not only for the citizens of the state but any company should also take care of the issue. 108 employees are not currently available.
Shillong, March 16: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 16,44,581 people have been vaccinated so far. There are 10,88,047 candidates for the first round and 5,56,534 candidates for the second round.
Police have been monitoring the movement of these people for some time and after receiving the right information, they raided the house at Nongkhyriem in Nongthymmai and found The drugs were seized and the six persons were arrested.
Ltd, Kolkata, West Bengal', which does not sell, manufacture or distribute roofing sheets as stated in the profile of the company,” said Bah Roy.
On this occasion, doctors of Bawri Nethralaya treated the people with various eye diseases.
“All these volunteers will now move forward in the mantra of Fit India,” said Myntri Rangbah Duh and urged them to look into four activities namely water, nutrition, exercise. body and adequate sleep.
However, his principles and philosophy is to contribute to the supply he has for our people," he said.
In a statement, Chuba R Marak, President of GSU South Garo Hills, said that the PWD and the District Administration have not honored their promise from time to time. It is time to repair the roads even in Baghmara.
The BSF troops provide these assistance from time to time to the villages on the border with Bangladesh in different parts of the state.
The meeting was conducted by Bah W.Nongrum Sordar Shnong Mawkdok. Former Sordar of Swer Village Bah Soldron Nongrum gave a keynote address followed by the speech of the President of the Union Bah Pailastar Kharkongor. Laitkroh Elaka and the last speech was delivered by Bah Egenstar Kurkalang who is also the General Secretary of the Union.
Last Marngar President of AMSSATSA said that the permission they have received for this strike is only until 4 pm as teachers should respect the government's order to stop the strike. protest.
In this regard, the union has met from time to time with the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) and on 5th July 2023 has submitted a petition urging the SMB to take action. to destroy these people.
These seven Government schools which have been upgraded to Upper Primary School since 2013 are located in Jwai, Shangpung, Mynso, Mowkaiaw, Sutnga and Saipung.
Therefore, history shows that it is not the Khasi but the Karbi who are the illegal settlers in our border.
On the other hand, the KSU Jaintia Hills said that many households in East Jaintia Hills have been afraid of the police's arrest.
A total of 279 youths from Assam, Manipur and Meghalaya have participated in the competition. Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Nagaland and Tripura are the only states in West Bengal and Uttrakhand.
Grace Mary Kharpuri EM in charge of Markets, in reply to a question by Bah Lamphrang Blah, said that the KHADC has no plans to set up a new market. The Hima Mylliem, in response to a question by Bah Karnes Sohsang, said that the KHADC wants to have markets in all districts depending on the availability of funds.
The KSU demands that the preliminary assessment should be conducted to find out the true age of the perpetrator. “The KSU Women Wing will hold a mombati ceremony on the evening of the 15th of this month,” said Bah Nongrem. 1st of this month at Mawkyrwat as a sign of condolences for the child who lost her life in this tragic incident.
A new National Education Policy has been launched, new medical colleges, IITs, IIMs and IIITs have been launched and crores of youth have received training under the PM Kaushal Vikas Yojana.
The driver of the truck (AS-01-BC-4337) fled the scene.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with the Union Health Minister, JP Nadda and submitted a petition to the Union Health Minister. The Central Government has not authorized the North East Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Science (NEIGRIHMS), Shillong.
After the conversation, the man went outside and after a while he came back and put two unused bullets and documents. and he went out immediately.
The deceased were identified as Everstar Kharumnuid, 45, of Umphyrnai, Dismi M Sangma, 26, of Rangmal Badim, Williamnagar, Sengsrang R Marak, Traiwin. R Marak, 23, of Bolkinggre, Williamnagar, Tangsimbirth M Sangma, 24, of PWD old colony, Williamnagar, and Chekamchi G Momin, 18, of Balsrigittim Williamnagar.
At the same time, the Sordar also requested the law enforcement authorities and the government authorities in charge of wildlife to conduct an inspection and punish severely. to those who are involved in the enemy of the dead according to the law.
The Seng also urged the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to inspect the CHCs and PHCs in South West Khasi Hills District and Mawsynram.
On this occasion, he promised in the House that he will not interfere but will run the House according to the AD Rule of the House.
The President of the party who was the chief guest on the occasion also opened the office of the candidate.
Also present were PW Ingty, Additional Chief Secretary, Bah B, Rangbah Shnong Nari and other government officials.
“Not only the presence of bitor in the food (Rosgola) but the danger is that many foods have been placed on the table without any protection from the skins and tdem, and also the most dangerous for the people is the place. “If the Food Inspectors don't do anything to this shop, it will be destroyed,” said Bah Rani. The party has decided to close down this shop.
Whether a license has been obtained to sell kyiad and to operate a shop, whether there has been an inspection in terms of cleanliness and whether there has been a syrnod.
This visit was after receiving complaints from the market.
On the other hand, the Umsning MDC said, “I don't use the word Tynmen Basan, I use the word Nongshrai Balang”.
Shillong, Lber 24: The improvement of the road from Mawphlang to Weiloi has been slow despite the fact that the work has been going on for more than a year.
I feel that they should continue to wait because it is not easy for the Government to dismiss all the cases especially if they are cases that have already been prosecuted and those that have been heard in court after prosecution. sit in the court.
He said that all the allegations by the former president of KSU Mawlai Circle Donboklang Kharlyngdoh against the KSU Mawlai Circle and the party are groundless.
The officers visited these three sites and the Minister said that the block will be operational within this fiscal year.
Many of the traders who pass through this road said that it is unfortunate that the road construction department of the state government during the rainy season has sent to repair the road by cleaning it with soil.
These programs are part of the one-month celebration of the Ministry of Finance (MoF) under AKAM from July 6 to 12,
The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the Cabinet has also approved the rules to grant permission to the schools and to grant the identification of schools to be opened.
Through the railway, it is clear that foreigners and foreign authorities can easily enter the state.
Ms Roshan said that in all these years, this school has produced many great personalities in the community who have left this place.
Speaking to media, Sangma said, “The MRSSAB is another option instead of the Inner Line Permit which we have approved in the Legislative Assembly and we have not yet received it. The Government of India has sent a letter to the Government of Meghalaya saying that the Government of Meghalaya has sent a letter to the Government of Meghalaya. there are some sections that do not meet certain rules.
One of the coal depots inside the depot which had a sign board clearly stated that the coal was seized under the MMDA Act 1957. The coal is estimated to be 280 Mt, Latitude 25.369522, Longitude Heaps.10  District Magistrates.
Prestone Tynsong said that the government's dewbilat factory has been dead since before the curfew. I don't know why I'm dead.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: U AL Hek of the BJP and Lambor Malngiang of the Independent Government of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) have said that the coalition candidate should not contest the MP elections. you are the shape of any party.
Maneka has also written to the HRD Minister, Prakash Javadekar, regarding the issue that all schools in India should be open in accordance with the provisions of the RTE Act. 17.
The government of Tarun Gogoi has not hesitated to say that it does not know all the companies in Assam.
The purpose of this Press Tour is to enable the media to understand the situation regarding the implementation of Central Government schemes in Odisha and to see for themselves the progress of these schemes in Odisha. state.
The Union Minister said that if he announces it is not good because this issue is still in the middle of discussions. decision, on his part he will not be able to announce.
Shillong, March 28: The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem today accepted the resignation of three EMs from the Congress party and sent it to the Governor of Meghalaya. un received.
The students of the college have demanded from the authorities that the government should provide them with food assistance but the central government has not listened to them. you are theirs.
The amount approved for borrowing by the 28 States and the amount that has been raised through special means and released to the States and Union Territories so far is as follows.
In Bulaghat, BSF troops had to use firearms to intimidate the cow traders as they resisted.
Consistency in the achievements of training and implementation in government and private schools through a transparent online platform after the introduction of the SSSA in the states.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 50, 37 from East Khasi Hills, 9 from West Garo Hills, 2 from East Jaintia Hills and 2 from South West Garo Hills.
Shillong, Lber 01: The State Chief Information Commissioner of Meghalaya, Bah H.Nongpluh, while opening the two-day meeting of the Standing Conference of Public Enterprises (SCOPE) held at Vivanta Shillong, said that the law The Right To Information Act, 2005 does not provide for the protection of Public Information Officers (PIOs).
Rangbah Shnong Mighter N Marwein and General Secretary Badonboklang Shylla said that the distribution of rice to 30 farmers in Nongjri is 25 kilos each. and half a quart of oil.
He said that at present in Meghalaya, the anemia of the people is widespread due to the lack of food.
Shillong, July 12: Today, a private organization in the name of “HOPE” distributed food items to the market vendors at Stand Bhoi where hundreds of people received food items. day.
Many government offices in West Khasi Hills District have been closed today.
Two mobile phones, a Maruti Eeco with Assam registration number AS 14 AC 0984, an EPIC, an Aadhaar card and the case was registered in accordance with the rules of law.
The Green Shillong Steering Committee (GSC) headed by the Chief Secretary, the Cantonment Board, the Hima Mylliem, the Chief Secretary, the Cantonment Board, the KHADC and SMB are members of this committee.
Sohra, Mawphlang, Mawngap, Jongsha, Thynroit in Shillong and other places.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Jambor said that the decision of the Boundary Committee meeting is clear as the NPP has stated that it is not the KHADC to appeal to the court but those who will appeal are the KHADC. Hima affected by the social settlement.
Bah Wanbok Rinbon in his speech welcomed the establishment of the HYC unit in the village and hoped that the cooperation between the unit and the village will bring benefits in many areas especially the peace and stability in the village. community.
Permission has been received to close all Catholic schools within the Shillong Archdiocese on the 23rd.
John F Kharshiing, Working President, MSOA and Finely L Pariat, General Secretary, invited the Minister of Sports to take the time to visit the MSOA office to discuss and meet. Bah S. Warjri, Minister in charge of Sports, has agreed to come to the MSOA office as soon as possible after the dorbar. The Meghalaya Assembly.
General Upendra Dwivedi has been a prominent soldier in many fields as a commander of the army who has served for 40 years in the army.
“Mr Rangbah Duh stressed on the importance of women-led development and how this is essential for the country to move forward.
On the other hand, the Chief Secretary briefed the Chief Minister on the damage caused by the natural disasters, the loss of houses, schools, agriculture and the distribution of food items. electric bor ding.
If the union finds that they are not sufficient, the union will take the necessary action and what is sad and regrettable for the union is that they also see that the council issues licenses to foreigners without thinking of the citizens. If you are from Pakistan or Bangladesh, the JHADC will issue a licence.
Speaking to media after submitting the petition, Barilang said that if the Government cannot resolve the shortcomings, they will appeal to the High Court.
“We are sorry and we are thinking for you, tomorrow when the shops of other ethnic groups are filled you will work in something else,” said the President of the KSU. If you don't have a permit to open a shop, you don't have the support, the time will come when we will stop the shops of foreigners. shops here in Pyntha-umdan, many times we have to come down from Sohra to drive out all the foreigners who have smuggled in once a day.
This was stated by the President of HANM, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani at the confirmation ceremony of the office bearers of the IB at Pdengchakap. The MDA-II government should talk from now on that the Assamese should no longer cut down their Kwai trees and tympew. If the Assamese continue to do these illegal activities, we too will start harassing the Assamese living in Meghalaya.
This ban applies to all kinds of torture of animals and so on at any public gatherings such as fetes and other public places of entertainment.
Shillong, Iaiong 04: Heavy rainfall on Tuesday night until Monday morning has caused landslides in many parts of East Khasi Hills District. there is nothing unpleasant happening.
Prestone said the Cabinet has also introduced a program to look after the welfare of young people, the Meghalaya Program for Adolescent Well-Being Empowerment and Resilience. Empower.
A person with Sickle Cell Disease (SCD) has many health problems including fatigue, fatigue, anemia and this affects his or her lifestyle.
“In this regard, I urge the MENA region to join India's LiFE initiative,” he said.
Previously, we removed a lot of mandatory duties and old laws.
Earlier, a Christmas cake cutting ceremony was held as a sign of the festivities and there was a distribution of gifts to the elderly and children during the Christmas festival.
Both these leaders said that the people should be made aware of this slander against people and which has led to such tragic incidents.
The ICMR was taken to Chennai.
At the same time, he said that if Amit Shah cannot do this by 23rd June, it means that it is only an election rigging by the BJP through the Union Home Minister.
“This RTI request should inform the public regarding the collection of T.6,29,18,877 crore by the Shillong Civil Hospital in three years alone. "Well," said Mr. Disparsing.
The road from the Hills of West Bengal to Garo Hills via Bangladesh will connect with the NH-37 known as the East Corridor. It is the gateway to the North East of India.
He said that in Delhi there is an NPP MP Agatha and they also called on Congress MPs to oppose the CAB when it is introduced in Parliament.
This was stated by Plosbor Kharjahrin, Organizing Secretary, KSU Mawkyrwat Circle.
It is to be recalled that NIOS has released the results of D.El.
Shillong, November 02: The people of Laitkroh Constituency today came to take part in a meeting convened by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). MDC constituency.
On this occasion, KN Kumar launched the Arsla slasha at Shillong Club, which is produced in Meghalaya.
They can also send their messages to the Officer in Charge, Lumshnong Police Station at 6009090286, the Officer in Charge, Saipung Police Station at number  6009093595 lane u ba In-charge, Umpleng Anti Dacoity Camp mumber  6009109460.
The CEM was accompanied by Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA and MDC, Legal Advisor Bah Erwin Sutnga and other members of the KHADC committee. Many MDCs of JHADC accompanied the CEM Ma Madonbai Rymbai to this meeting to discuss how to improve the Lineage Bill of KHADC and for JHADC to introduce the bill. fresh.
The Central Election Committee (CEC) will meet in the next few days to consider the names of the candidates who will be announced by the party. four will also include the constituencies in Jaintia Hills.
The religious state of Nongstoin has been without a judge since 2016 since Bishop Victor was sent to Jowai.
In the past few days, there has been a lot of misunderstanding by the exploiters in the relevant areas. With the hard work of the staff of the office, they have been able to reduce this training and misunderstanding to the public.
The people of Manipur living in Meghalaya took part in this mass march.
However, now it will be shown only during the curfew hours, he added.
The ADE said that the issuance of patta is usual and they have nothing to say about this, but this issuance of land to non-tribals is against the issuance of Meghalaya Transfer. of Land Regulation Act, 1970 , because according to this Act of the State Government, the land should be owned only by the owners of the State and this issuance of patta to non-Natives is against this Act. .
Police want to arrest Chandra Mohan Jha, Chancellor of CMJ University.
In his speech, he said that India is an example of unity among many religions and in different ways of speaking, he said that Tibet did not want to leave China. .
Regarding these incidents, the KSU said that they have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner and the Superintendent of Police of East Jaintia Hills District but nothing has happened. BSF troops in the area especially to the residents of Sonapur, Rattacherra and Hingaria.
Dr Sumeeth Jerath said he has already spoken to the Regional Director of RBI, Guwahati and has promised to provide all the necessary assistance to the state.
Speaking at a meeting of the Rajiv Gandhi National Institute of Youth Development (RGNIYD) in collaboration with the NSS Regional Center Guwahati and Meghalaya.
New Delhi, Naitung 23: Vice President Jagdeep Dhankharu today said that democracy is about dialogue, consultation and discussion, and said that confusion has nothing to do with beliefs in democracy.
The tournament was inaugurated by the President of the Union, Bah E Kharkongor as the chief guest in the presence of Bah S Kharsohnoh, Secretary of Nongumlong Village as the chief guest. General Secretary of the Union, Bah R Nongneng and other office bearers of the Union.
The Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Dolloi, Wahadadars, Nokma, and many elders and women from the Hima/Elaka from different groups were introduced.
In his speech, the Governor said that the state has to bring about changes in order to boost income by bringing the railway line to the state as it is a game that can bring about economic development. income growth.
It was arranged to be held on that day.
On the occasion of the Women's Day, the Archbishop expressed his satisfaction that women have now emerged and progressed even in society compared to men. female.
He said that in these days, the people of Laban will receive the adequate Umbam allocated from the AMRUT scheme and others.
Satin Credit Care Micro Finance from Delhi Head Quarter has donated school uniforms to the students of Class 1 and Class
In the past few years, the Department of Sohphan has tried to educate the people on how to benefit from sohphan to increase their income by holding a festival on this sohphan. The first festival was held at Williamnagar in East Garo Hills and the first festival in Khasi Hills was held today at All Saint Hall Shillong.
The government has also decorated its offices such as the Secretariat, the office of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and the Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank. their homes to celebrate this Christmas.
On the upcoming elections, Prime Minister Duh said elections are essential in democracy.
When SP News Agency visited the area, it was found that the road connecting Assam at Sabuda has been like a dirt road all the way and the residents want the government to turn its back. lem To this area in relation to the road which has been abandoned for many years.
In the MDC elections, the UDP came second in Gusuapara with 4286 votes, Tura with 4272 votes, Damasa with 5868 votes, Darugre with 4448 votes, Dengnapara with 2729 votes and Tura with 4272 votes. and Wajesik received 2315 votes.
The NHWU has sent statements to the hospital authorities regarding their demands but so far the hospital authorities have not believed them.
Shillong, Nailar 10: A total of 39472 students have registered with the Employment Exchange of the State Government under the Labor Department till July 30 this year.
Shillong, Naitung 25: Tura Police today received a tip that some criminals from Mankachar in Assam were carrying drugs. to search the vehicles coming from Assam.
Shillong, November 15: On his return from Delhi, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today met with the civil society organizations at his residence. The purpose of the special session was to take a decision on the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya.
He said the appointment of Prof. Shukla came after NEHUTA lodged a complaint with the President of India Droupadi Murmu and the Governor of Meghalaya Phagu Chauhan.
The meeting between the DCs and SPs of these two districts bordering Meghalaya and Assam was necessary to ensure that the polling stations in those districts will run smoothly and efficiently. There is a cooperation between the two District authorities.
This can be witnessed in some ambulances or public vehicles or in equipment such as chairs and others which have been provided through various schemes, including the MLA Scheme.
The Cabinet has also approved the Meghalaya Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management Act, 2006 for introduction in the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly. you will not be able to do it.
Some of them are still alive today.
He said the Cooperation Department has done a lot of work under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to promote cooperatives.
The turnout reached 88.06% and the highest turnout was in Nartiang and the lowest in Shillong North Constituency.
On the other hand, the BJP-led NDA government has suspended the subsidy to the dewbilat factories because there is a suspicion that the public money has been paid to these factories in the wrong way. blame.
The MoU was signed by Angshuman Dey, Joint Secretary, MDONER, Moses K Chalai, Secretary, NEC and Prof. DP Goyal, Director, IIM Shillong in the presence of Chanchal Kumar, Secretary, MDoNER and other senior officials of DoNER. , NEC and IIM Shillong.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, B Mawlieh, District Coordinator of Bharat Banking, said that the machine was first installed at Lawbah village. Mawsynram.
Regarding the development works, the KHADC has no objection, he gave examples like IAY, NERGS because these are the schemes of the central government. The Central Government wants everyone to have a household and receive a daily wage.
The Book Line will continue to hold the Book Fair in Shillong.
The meeting was conducted by the Syiem Pa,im PM Syeimlieh, welcomed by the Syiem Khynnah, Bah KM Syiemlieh and welcomed by the Syiem Khynnah at Madan Tirot. Congratulations to Minister of Boldness L Nongum.
The raid was successful in which the police were able to thwart the attempt of the group to form a terrorist group. The arrest of the suspects will bring peace and order in the area. In East Garo Hills, police have registered a case against them and the investigation is ongoing.
The petition is in relation to the demand that the government should issue an order to ban all types of vehicles from other states from carrying passengers from Shillong by taking them to Shillong. There are no tourist attractions in the State.
At this meeting, they demanded the establishment of a Fast Track Court in East Garo Hills District.
Police have seized a scooty number ML 05-N-7249 which was used in the smuggling of drugs.
“I am standing to contest the election because I am confident and I am confident that I will serve the people.
The party also takes this opportunity to invite and encourage those who wish to join the party to serve the constituency and the country as a whole.
There was also a time of less than two hours in which more than 35 speakers spoke every two minutes due to the bell ringing, to allow everyone to take part in the Dorbar Ri of the Son of the Thousand. , who have given many suggestions especially in relation to the Hima Constitutions which have been approved and signed by the Government of India.
According to the order issued by the Deputy Commissioner on Friday, commercial vehicles including STPS Buses, SSPTS-Maxi Cabs and Local Taxis will start operating with Odd and Even Numbers. from the 5th of this month.
From time to time , the union urges the government to ensure that the offices within the border of Meghalaya should give priority to the unemployed youth of the state .
After collecting these drugs, the HYC has set fire to them and ordered these drug users to come to the office of the HYC together with their relatives so that the HYC can give them a warning. I want them to escape from the life of drug addiction.
John F Kharshiing said in a statement.
The theme of the race is “Run with different abilities”. The race will be held to bring about a change in the mindset of those with disabilities.
A total of 140 youths took part in the competition and he wished them success in this competition.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The National Food Security Act, 2013 has been enacted to ensure safe food and nutrition by ensuring full access to quality food in the country. price you bit.
VPP MLA Adelbert Nongrum has rejected the statement of Senior Lawyer Vivan G. Kynta by saying that the people will judge. who doesn't explain city and who doesn't know.
These two rivers join, one from the East and one from the West.
The Seng is also surprised that the government has decided to remove the Home Guard out post from Kyrshai.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The residents of Lawsohtun, today expressed their deep satisfaction after the initiative taken by the VLE Lawsohtun in collaboration with the MLA Bah Hamlet Dohling who As the Minister of Information and Technology (IT) in the State Government, they have launched the PMGDISHA Digital Literacy Scheme which is also a scheme of the Central Government.
According to our information, the syllabus of the National Curriculum Frameworks (NCF) may also be released in November this year.
The program started on Tuesday when the President of the party Rikman G. Momin first submitted his comments.
Speaking to media, the Minister of Education said, “We are currently considering the proposal to adopt the CBSE Curriculum to improve the education of our students in this the state.
Shillong, November 22: Five new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, November 22: Five cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District and one case in East Jaintia Hills District. after.
To protest against the ban, the Congress party will hold a protest across India tomorrow morning and allegedly this was done with the knowledge of the central government.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Additional Chief Secretary Ingty said the state government has taken action and has spoken to the Assam government, but they have not received any reply yet. The government has also spoken to the North Eastern Council (NEC) on the issue of the doctoral students who have been selected to go to Assam.
The Result Booklet can be obtained from the MBOSE website.
The competition was held at the District Library, Jowai on the 8th July, in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah PS Dkhar.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai, Bah C. Shullai, in an interview with the media on Friday, said that the decision of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong is based on the silence of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance Government. (MDA) which has not listened to the request to repair the PWD road and the village roads and footpaths in the village where the PHE department has dug and installed water pipes for more than 10 years.
The inability of the authorities to control the inhabitants of the area has threatened the residents of K.O.R and Laban as well.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: There are 372 cases of coronavirus in the state, 56 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today said. Hills District 44, West Jaitnia Hills 4, West Garo Hills 2, South West Garo Hills 2, Ri Bhoi 1, North Garo Hills 1, Eastern West Khasi Hills 2 cases.
At this meeting, it was also discussed that the Constituencies and Districts should be allowed to nominate candidates and with the participation of the youth in front of the party, it will be possible to know who really wants to work for the party. part of the people and the state as a whole.
The KSU sends its heartfelt condolences to you as a family and prays for your peace at this time of great sorrow.
The Advocate General was also invited to the meeting as there are many provisions related to the law.
At this public meeting, they will discuss how to do this to ensure that those involved in such crimes should be punished according to the law.
At this meeting, Bah Vincent H Pala said that in fact he is an engineer, but it was under the guidance of Bah OL Nongtdu and Bah DD Lapang who led me to politics. .
“I am very sorry that the letter sent by the Sengbhalang regarding the meeting was sent by a foreigner to me the owner of the land and I refused the information because according to the rules they should give it to me the owner of the land. " he said.
In a statement, PETA said they received this information through Facebook where Sengkud Sangma had posted pictures of the trees.
On the other hand, the government authorities should take action against anyone who is misleading the government by informing them. sha house judgment.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of 19 South Shillong Constituency today distributed work orders to various groups within the constituency under the SUWP scheme worth Rs 2 crore.
We have also informed the family members and the investigation into the incident is ongoing," he said.
Other winners among the younger category were Dy Comdt RS Yadav of Assam Rifles and Lt Col S Mondal of MH Shillong.
Angela Rangnad said that if the government feels that it will bring about a decision by purchasing land, it is wrong. the village is created.
Other speakers at the meeting were Carlos D.Horticulture and other government officials in the area. when they receive this money.
Shillong, November 15: The Minister in charge of Education today inaugurated 50 step schools in the villages which have been improved under the Meghalaya School Infrastructure Improvement Program scheme.
On the other hand, the sahep said that he has already sent a letter to his superiors to send 3 or 4 lineman to these areas.
The state government will revive the Meghalaya Games which will start in November this year.
For the rural areas, 100 Mbps broadband has been allocated through the BharatNet project and has been implemented in all the villages in the country. and work for the laying of cables is ongoing and efforts are also being made to broadcast through radio and satellite media.
To promote this game, the Club will promote it through a Mobile App which will allow people to download these games and the sound of it and this will bring the more and more love on the part of the people for this club.
The letter on the incident was sent via email to the office of the Superintendent of Police of West Garo Hills, the Commission said in a statement sent to the media.
KSU South West Khasi Hills District today 29/02/2024 visited the District Medical and Health Officer South West Khasi Hills District to seek clarification and meet with the District Medical and Health Officer regarding the shortage of 16 posts. Advertisement issued by the office of the District Medical and Health Officer.
To strengthen the capacity of companies to make arrangements that can and must be followed.
Shillong, March 15: U Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDC of Sohryngkham Constituency, on Tuesday launched the film “Thong Iong Nga” at the Shillong Club.
On the same day, the new office bearers were elected as Vice President, Working President – ​​Bah Daminot Kharshandi, Assistant General Secretary Dr. K. Makdoh, Secretaries. Kyrmenlang Uriah, Kamailang Nongmalieh, Dalanee Nongmalieh, Mawjam Makdoh, L.Lapang, Finance and Fund Raising Committee.
Tyllang said that the illegal immigration of the Khasi-Jaintia by the people involved in crossing the border into Meghalaya will lead to bloodshed between the Khasi and Karbi. The state government should also take action to talk to the Assam government.
“To provide urea worth up to T.3000 per barrel worldwide at a price of only T.300 per barrel to farmers, the Government has provided T.10 lakh crore as subsidy. for urea.
The Incident Commander Zone IV has been directed to arrange with the BDO to arrange how to deliver the jhut ki jhep from the farmers to the buyers.
Shillong, Lber 17: Due to the fear of Corona Virus or COVID-19 which has spread rapidly around the world and also in the states of India, the Dorbar Shnong Mawlyngbna has decided to The tourist attractions within the village boundary have been temporarily closed.
In fact, it has been almost 40 years if I am not mistaken and there are cases where the employees do not receive their salaries properly because it is an Independent Board.
According to the Richerscale, the magnitude of the earthquake was 5.5 on the Richter scale and the earthquake occurred at about 7.50 pm.
Mobile number 961760415.
The Seng Kur Committee shall have the report of the elders of the Kur to be read before the Dorbar Hima and to hear the Report of the work of the Hima as one of the priority tasks. in the Dorbar Kur once a year.
The HFU requests all the farmers of Jaintia Hill to take this news as an information and to come together as the HFU stands for all the issues. that farmers face in the region and the state as a whole.
Shillong, March 15: U Shardul Kumar, owner of Palce shop, has donated cleaning supplies to several households in Wahtahpbroo village through the village women's association.
At about 10.30 pm, a sudden storm struck and destroyed up to 20 houses in Mawlynrei village, Shillong and also destroyed an electricity post.
The Executive Committee of the JHADC has appointed a committee to look into the Jaintia language and has appointed Prof. PM Passah as the Chairman of the committee. Rikut Parein, OR Challam, President of KSIKWTJ, DR Michael Buam, CA Suchiang and Riquoma RQ Laloo.
At the same time, despite the difficulties faced by the GHADC, it was alleged that the office had purchased tables and chairs at a reasonable price for the seating of the EMs and Chairman.
In a statement, he said that in fact, Bah Che has been used by all the IBs and SBs to meet with the party to discuss.
The UDP speakers strongly criticized the MLA for cheating and deceiving the people of the area.
Shillong, Naitung 09: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that 12 persons, 10 BSF personnel and 2 civilians have tested positive for COVID-1
On this issue, the group of civil society organizations under the Lama of JACSO has written to all the MLAs, MDCs, Rangbah Shnongs and Syiems to ask them what they have to say on this issue. He said that if the District Council convenes such a meeting, it would be good to talk face to face with the opponents and supporters.
Shillong, November 20: Ka Kong Amirda Nongkhlaw has lodged a complaint with the Mawdiangdiang Out Post Police Station that on the 19th of this month at about 3 pm, there was a robbery at her residence in Umroh. Mercy.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that to regulate the number of government employees is a difficult task but the government has struggled to ensure that this is not easy and this task too. it is the affective part.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The body of Wanteimon Jyrwa, a child who was raised under the care of SOS, Umiam, was brought from Mysor today to the place where his brothers and sisters were killed. iam very sorry for this tragic incident.
DoT assures that these alerts are part of the planned testing process and do not indicate an actual emergency.
In the next session of the Rajya Sabha, the MP said he would bring to speak and discuss the zero hour notice.
The design scheme has been launched for various technical institutions under the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD), Industry Associations, Social Enterprises, Self Help Groups working to provide support to employees. MSMEs including private enterprises from rural areas and related to manufacturing.
Mawkohmon Village, Dongiewrim, Mission Mawphlang, Mawphlang Village, Kyem, Pyrkseh, Laitsohphlang, Pomsanngut ng Umbri, Lawkhla, Mawlong, Kyrphei, Umlangmar, Laitmawsiang, Nongriwah, Wahrisain, Laitmanglong and Nongspung including all the small villages.
The by-election was held after the resignation of Rajya Sabha MP Thomas Sangma of the NCP on 4th June this year.
“Young people from the countryside, and I say this with conviction, that these powers of India are now very visible, these small cities of ours may be small and poor, but they Their desires, efforts and works are nothing short of powerful.
Over the years, the government has become increasingly strong, and we are happy that the members have come to surrender themselves before the law, but as it turns out now we see that the HNLC has strengthened the government.
The Chief Minister said that the state will not be able to compete for leadership in cricket, but in the field of football, Meghalaya will have the opportunity to grow. I'm going to try to set up this Mission Football.
On the other hand, the CEM said that the government has done its part in providing for the needs of those areas. The KHADC has sent a letter to those Dorbar Shnongs which have accommodation for the returnees.
Shillong, Nailar 25: Civil society organizations from South Garo Hills including GSU, AAYF and ADE have met with C Purkuyastha, General Manager of SBI in Guwahati. on Friday to discuss the issues of the SBI Branch in Baghmara and the reopening of the SBI Branch in Rongra.
Besides agriculture, the Chief Minister also spoke about sports which has a great potential to increase income and employment opportunities for the youth of the state.
We urge the Government to forget about political feelings but start the path you should help,” he said.
In his speech, the Governor said that forests are a gift from God, therefore there is a need to protect them.
The Government of Meghalaya should not speak clearly if it cannot resolve the border issue.
This method of mining is found especially in the rural areas on the border with Bangladesh.
Five houses were destroyed in EKH district, two in WKH district, six in SWKH district, one in EJH district, one in Ri Bhoi district and two in South Garo Hills district.
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) has announced that the preparations for the 6th Meghalaya Games to be held in West Jaintia Hills District are in full swing.
Among the products that were exhibited at this place were the Lakadong shynrai who attracted people to visit this shop which was set up at this place. dung until you turn into a podwer.
Malnourished children up to 6 years of age are provided with more nutritious food.
In the past two months, the union has spoken to the authorities in charge of the university but they have not given a clear answer whether they can or cannot. If you don't write, you can write, but until today you haven't received a clear answer.
He said that indigenous languages ​​are being promoted even in technical education.
She said that they don't demand to be allowed to take part in the election of Rangbah Shnong but they just want to take part in various committees of the village. They have been demanding since 2011 that women should be allowed to participate in the Dorbar Shnong.
Ms Alvarinea urged the parents not to allow their children to take part in the Scouts and Gudies activities in the state as this will help their children to grow not only in the country. knowledge but in many ways in the world.
From Ri Bhoi District, Meghalaya, Silme Marak had the opportunity to talk to the Prime Minister.
At this meeting, the union asked how many coal factories have received permission to burn and how many applications there are. The officer said that in South West Khasi Hills there are 6 coal factories which have received permission. cases in West Khasi Hills and 14 cases in Jaintia Hills.
KHNAM requests the opposition leaders to continue their demand for discussions on the ILP as well as on the deterioration of peace and order in the state.
He pointed out the reluctance of women to spend money for treatment.
Despite his old age, Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh MLA of Nongstoin is still collecting all the writings that have been written since these years which the Meghalaya government has not taken action on.
It was not for any personal gain but for the benefit of the Jaidbynriew as a whole.
Egenstar Kurkalang, one of the leaders in charge of drivers in Meghalaya, said that the union will meet tomorrow morning to discuss and resolve the issue. He also spoke to those from Assam on this issue which has arisen among the drivers.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today said that the government has already set up special courts to hear cases of rape of women and children. These crimes are prosecuted by the authorities.
He said the party has suggested that it is necessary to include the word “member of the Khasi community” to take part in the KHADC elections. Khasi to take part in the elections, will inevitably kill the idea of ​​having an Autonomous District Council in accordance with the provisions of Article 10 of the Constitution of India.
New Delhi, November 13: Since the International Film Festival of India (IFFI) was established in Goa, the state has welcomed the festival and its participants.
It is clear that non-Khasis cannot enter the Maharam Syiemship without proper permits from the office of the Syiem and the Dorbar. Syiemship without valid documents issued by the Syiem and Durbar).
At the same time, V Swer will continue to hold the post of Block Development Officer of Mairang Block, according to a government announcement signed by R Lyngdoh, Commissioner and Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Iaiong 19: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titosstarwell Chyne today inspected the works of the KHADC. .
The training was inaugurated by the Minister of Agriculture & Horticulture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew Constituency in the presence of Kong S Nongbet, Director, Horticulture, Horticulture, Mawkynrew Constituency. Sumarlang Kharlukhi, Asst Director, Horticulture Department, BDO Mawkynrew C&RD Block, LT Tariang.
The tournament is expected to start in the first month of February this year.
The Education Cell of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow over the decision of the State Government to implement the load shedding at this time when the students of the state themselves are suffering from load shedding. all of whom are in the midst of various examinations.
On this occasion, the state police also held a commemoration ceremony by firing guns at the site at a meeting held in front of the main Secretariat in honor of those freedom fighters who surrendered. you are alive.
These markets are located at Anjalee Parking Lot, Sanmer Upper Shillong Market, Upper Shillong Market, Shankhamti Demseiniong Market, Shilliangum Market, Lat Smit Umphyrnai Market and Mawiong Regulated Market.
"The government departments of Meghalaya which have attended the Trade Fair are the Department of Agriculture, Forestry, Trade, Media, Textiles and 40 others. Groups of private sector organizations sent by government departments have taken part in this year's Trade Fair.
The Government of India will provide the right medicines to the people of the country, he said.
Before distributing the items to these families, Bah H.Deolangki Dkhar, Finance Secretary, Chiarmon Dkhar, gave a speech of welcome and thanks to Kong Chiarmon Dkhar and a prayer to God. Neighborhood.
The Governor said that the climate in Meghalaya is suitable for planting many varieties of tied.
This song encourages those who came to vote for the first time, encourages those who will vote in the future and young voters, expresses the aspirations of voters who are over 100 years old. of age.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, MP Shillong Parliamentary Assembly, Vincent H Pala were also present to take part in the ceremony.
Sanbor said that the total number of beneficiaries of this scheme in the state is 99,552, including the elderly and 53,5
Their protest is that MeECL should appoint those who have passed the Jaguli examination as announced.
The food provided under this program varies from district to district and they usually provide jhur under this scheme.
On receiving a tip, police together with Umsning Police Station seized an Alto rong iong (ML05-K-0314) on the NH-06 Umsning Bypass. sat two men.
College students,  members of the NCC and NSS, members of various Dorbar Shnongs and members of self-help groups were also present during the occasion.
According to the announcement of the Governor, the meeting to elect the Chairman will be conducted by the Deputy Commissioner tomorrow.
Speaking to the nation, Rahul Gandhi strongly criticized the Prime Minister Narendra Modi for keeping silent on the bloodshed in Manipur.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Executive Committee of the Seng Kur Jyrwa Nongsiej today met at 4:30 pm to express its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Bah E Shersing Jyrwa. Bah Liw, resident of Mawkhar, Shillong on 15th June
All remuneration shall be in accordance with the prescribed Government rules and shall be effective from the date of appointment and this notice shall remain in force until further notice.
He requested to exempt the states of the North East from the use of single use plastic to protect the environment.
The deceased was a civilian and police are investigating whether he was a follower or a driver of the bus, said the SP. The EJH District is the head of the District.
?He said that the ABVPP strongly condemns and demands an inquiry and to ensure the rights of the indigenous people to get jobs.
Due to the violence of the crowd and members of the Sengbhalang, the police had to fire tear gas and sticks at the crowd.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of KNGCSU has demanded that the Union Minister in charge of HRD should take action to resolve this issue for the benefit of the students of KNGCSU. to order the state government to comply with the rules of the UGC in the appointment of principals in government colleges.
On the other hand, the Congress members have condemned the BJP government with slogans.
India includes many states and kingdoms that have joined it and some have been forcibly annexed.
On the other hand, the Kesh Village Authority said that this road has been getting worse and worse as the days go by. had to be carried by men.
When Shillong became the capital of the new province of Assam, the building was converted from a government building to the Chief Commissioner's Residence.
Shillong, March 11: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided to reduce the salary of MLAs by T.8000 tyngka from T.2.10 lakh.
This statement was sent by the General Secretary Samla Lurman B. Talang.
Justin Dhkar MLA, Khliehriat, Sultan Ahmad, DIG SHQ Jowai, RW Lyngdoh, IAS, Dy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills, RS Manners, ADC, Dr SHQ Wilson K, Comdt, CMO, Dr (Mrs) Menka Bharti, 2IC, CMO, Shri Annu TP, 2IC, L Sangma, MPS, Addl SP, East Jaintia Hills were also present on the occasion.
He said that there has been an increase in the number of BSF troops, but there is a cooperation between the government and the BSF troops in which we have been able to protect these villages and others who have come from other states. where they have to follow all the rules laid down by the government.
These groups will use modern technology to improve income and there will be one center to teach at the level of Ph.D.
On this day, they were taught and explained how to prevent this disease.
Furthermore, if Farooq Abdullah, President of the National Conference (NC) and Mehbooba Mufti, President of the People's Democratic Party (PDP), both former Chief Ministers agree on the basis of the Instrument of Accession, Article 370 of the Constitution of Jammu and Kashmir, and if Thuingaleng Muivah, General Secretary, NSCN-IM can clarify on the basis of their own nation.
Protests calling for curfew and closure of offices have affected development works in the state.
The delegation was led by Chairman Samuel Jyrwa in the presence of NESO Adviser Samujjal Bhattacharjeya, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar and others.
After the ceremony, Bah SD Khongwir was taken to the cemetery of the Presbyterian Church Nonglum for burial.
Shillong, March 28: Shillong Police have seized a Maruti car number ML05-D-9905 and arrested four persons from the vehicle. woman.
“This is a G+3 building where the ground floor will be a parking lot,” said the MLA who was accompanied by the Project Director, DRDA East Khasi Hills. Paiem Freeman S Syiem, Syiem of Sohra Hima, members of the Executive Committee of Sohra Hima and others.
All homeowners now have to have a permit before they build their house.
T.Dkhar, SIO, NIC, Shillong said that this government hospital will be the first hospital in the state to have eRegistration and this will be a link to all the hospitals in the country. It was inaugurated by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on 1st November 2015 and is now exactly one year old.
Faithful War.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The AJYWO Central Body (AJYWO) has demanded that the present state government under the leadership of Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma should immediately set up a new C&RD Block in Lumshnong and also to establish a Wapung C&RD Block in Lumshnong. The foundation stone was laid on the 22nd June,
The delegation was led by Tura MP Conrad K Sangma and during the meeting, the Tura MP discussed the roads to Garo Hills such as NH-5 it will be T.250 crore.
Shillong, July 13: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today said that 305 people have tested positive for COVID-19 and 4623 people are still in critical condition.
The polling for the election of new MLAs from these two constituencies will be held on 30th March 2021 from 7.00 pm to 4.00 pm.
The meeting discussed the working methods of the West Bengal Assembly and received a brief report from the Chairman of the Estimate Committee, West Bengal, who spoke about the Medical Colleges, Fly Over Bridges, Education System, Health Sector and others.
Bipul Thangkhiew president of RBYF, Nabam Khoda, spokesperson, Arunachal Students' Union Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has elected about 300 members of the 1st Meghalaya Farmers Parliament (MMFP) through different blocks in Khasi Jaintia Hills District. 4 and 5 November, 2018 in Shillong.
Song and dance competitions were also held and prizes were awarded to the winners.
The union has held talks with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Education Minister Lakmen Rymbui and Chairman of the State Planning Board Lambor Malngiang.
The manager was identified as Shushil Sangma. Police on receiving the information rushed to the scene to search for the perpetrators.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The new EC of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHDF) today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Pagu Chauhan at his residence at Raj Bhawan Shillong.
The Sordar of Sohkynduh, Bah Center Phanbuh, while talking to reporters, said that the village has been in darkness without any light.
BatesiTV on Tuesday witnessed that the army had crossed the border to the PWD road by digging a new trench to erect a fire pit opposite the old gate to enter the tourist spot at Lum Shyllong.
The reason for the inability to reach all the villages is the lack of Internet. He said that only in Mawsynram village can access the Internet, so the MHIS office has arranged to set up a place. It was also explained that the MHIS in this case is no longer like in the past when many people can have one smart card, but now one smart card. It is for one person who needs this Smart Card to go to the designated places.
The screening and treatment started on 30th July, 2024 and ended on Saturday.
Vehicles carrying tourists shall be carried in accordance with the provisions of the Motor Vehicles Act, and other provisions of the Motor Vehicles Act. -95 is required this will be even for those who drive private vehicles.
On 22.05.2015, the mother of the child lodged a complaint at the Jowai Police Station that her 11-year-old daughter had been raped by Bah Wanmi Lyngdoh, 20 years old.
On the other hand, KSU Mairang on this occasion honored the students who have passed well in their examinations.
The Seng questions how the children born to non-Garo mothers can become Garo and how can a non-Garo person born to a Garo mother be recognized as a Garo. be unacceptable.
Shillong, July 06: The Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement (HANM) has said that the election of Disparsing Rani as the Ksiang of the party has been taken by the party as a whole. ) today submitted a petition to the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah PN Syiem to demand that the Executive Committee should issue a No Objection Certificate for the construction of the road. from Nongstoin-Wahkaji and from Ranikor without entering Mawthabah.
The total number of passengers in the truck (ML06-4474) was
Speaking to reporters, Rangkynsai said that Paul Leong has recently submitted a court order on his authority to run shops in the house he owns.
However, it explains that it should continue from 1995 onwards.
There were songs by Bah Pynshailang Lyngdoh, Mawphlang Hima, Chosterfield Khongwir, Nongkhlaw Hima, and traditional dances such as Shad Shut Wai, Mastieh from Khadar Lyngdoh, Nongpoh Sirdarship, songs by friends from Garo Hills and many more. other other.
Eliza Lyngdoh won the Player of the Match award and the Player of the Tournament award.
We are committed to the state and we ensure that the bright minds of the children studying in anganwadi centers will get the best things in life and these children will grow up and learn through primary and secondary education and can contribute to India's future economic growth.
: means the symbuds in writing and publishing news.
In fact, from time to time we have been talking to the Government about the burning of these uranium waste tanks but unfortunately the government authorities have not taken action and this may cause. This is a threat to the area and the District as a whole.
Shillong, July 27: A tragic incident has occurred in Nongshram village in Shallang area of ​​West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday night.
Parents should encourage their children to choose their education according to their understanding so that they can use their talents properly in the future.
In this article, the KJPA writes clearly that the church as another group, which stands for the welfare of the villagers, has a great role to play. and authorities to bring about improvement to improve society.
Myntri Rangbah Duh thanked all the Members of the House for their contribution to the work of the 17th Lok Sabha.
Shillong, Nailur 22: Seven new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, 1 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in West Garo Hills and 1 in West Garo Hills. There are 48 cases.
