Furthermore, members have been directed to reject all appointments related to the immediate implementation of NEP 2020,” the statement said.
The question is why has it happened so much when so much work has been done? The answer through the PHE department is that it is only because there is a shortage of water supply sources such as drinking water wells in Mawsynram Village which has led to the shortage of drinking water.
Shillong Labet FC beat KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle by five goals while the match between KSU Mawkasiang Unit and Mawkasiang Sports & Cultural Club ended in a goalless draw.
UDP General Secretary Jemino Mawthoh, who was also present on the occasion, said that the leaders alone cannot work but they need the cooperation of all sides including the people to have a spirit of unity.
Behring received the first Nobel Prize for the discovery of medicine in
The UDP Parliamentary Party (UDP) has convened an emergency meeting of the MDCs today to discuss the news. party leaders and let the party higher authorities take the decision.
The letter will be made public on that day.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The Chief of Air Staff of the Indian Air Force, Marshal BS Dhanoa today inaugurated the two-day meeting of the Commanders of the Eastern Air Command.
Shillong Parliamentary MP Ma Vincent H Pala has announced at an election campaign rally that the Government of India has allocated T.8700 crore for the construction of a railway line in the Hills. Khasi Jaintia through Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: Teachers under the leadership of the Principal and President of Khadsawphra College held a meeting in the Conference Room. ".
On the occasion, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, along with the necessary documents, also handed over a check of T.50 lakh to the MSOA for the purpose of hosting the National Games. 2022 to this state.
On this occasion, Prime Minister Narendra Modiun received the sacred symbol of clean and orderly governance.
On the other hand, the Speaker remembered his contribution in the House as a leader and his service to the state as a whole.
In a statement sent by Artist V.Thongni General Secretary of MSSASA-Mawkyrwat Unit, he said that the union has taken this step after many teachers teaching at the elementary level from class I to class VIII including SSA, Govt, Ad Hoc, Deficit and Private teachers within the boundary of Mawkyrwat and Ranikor Block expressed that they are facing difficulties in getting D.El training.
In his speech, Bah Wealthy Sunn said that the purpose of this partnership between the two groups is to raise funds to help the poorest of the poor families who need assistance to treat the sick. This assistance is not only for the sick but also for the families of those affected.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The United Democratic Alliance (UDA) today met to discuss the issue of the resignation of the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) in the KHADC. seven MDCs from the ruling party.
Shillong, Naitung 12: An Autorickshaw has overturned due to the reckless behavior of people cutting down trees. In this incident, a mother has died inside the hospital. children and grandchildren.
Other speakers included the Assistant Director of Constitutional Affairs, Kong D.Kharjana, Advocate of the Supreme Court of India who is also the author of the book Daniel Stone Lyngdoh, Sordar of Nongrmai, Bah S. Nongrang and one of the members of the Lyngdoh Nonglait Kur, Bah Marshall Lyngdoh. Lighter.
The decision of the central government to ban the use of shihar and san spah notes has shattered the budget of all the rebel groups and now the supporters who invested their money are looking for ways how to replace it. to this money.
On the other hand, the National Manager said that they have confidence in the law enforcement agencies in the state and he is confident that the perpetrators will be arrested.
On the other hand, the GOC congratulated the police for working closely with the army from time to time in many areas.
"When we appointed him as Rangbah Shnong, he expelled the residents and this shows that he doesn't take care of the household, the village and the land," he said. Mr. Joppa.
Shillong, Iaiong 14: U Bah Charlie Rani President of UHM has demanded that the Meghalaya government should bring back the three persons who were arrested by the police from Sabuda village. to Meghalaya within 24 hours.
This morning there was a prayer in the houses of those who are still holding the niamtre and this is to pray to drive away the disease and to ask the owner of the house to give healing. to bless you with good health and prosperity.
Shillong, Lber 06: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Employment Monitoring Cell has sent a petition to the MPSC regarding some complaints received from applicants for various posts and some issues to improve and develop. on the planting of the jam.
What would happen if she lost her car in the middle of a long way to reach.
The KHNAM on Friday demanded that the State Government should abolish the Personal Interview for the recruitment of Group-B, Group-C and Group-C employees. -D in various departments of the State Government.
They also discussed the National Voters Day to be celebrated on the 25th July
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Border Security Force (BSF) has seized Rs 7 lakh from Sumiron Sangma of Gumaghat in South West Khasi Hills District.
In his speech, the Education Secretary of the KSU Central Body, Bah Donald Thabah, expressed his appreciation to the Khasi people living in these areas for their culture and unity. At the same time, he gave encouraging speeches to them in many areas especially in relation to their way of life in these areas.
On this occasion, the owner of the wine store opened the wine store which has been moved to a new location after the High Court ruled that the shops should not be within 200 meters. from the highway, from places of worship and from educational institutions.
In 1994, Meghalaya won the gold medal at the North East Sports Festival held in Shillong.
At present, the Government has introduced amendments to the rules and regulations and these cooperatives work together to improve their income in accordance with the objectives of the Co-operative Act and the Co-operatives Act. rules that have been created.
The maintenance of the road is only by lowering the road in the middle of the road and building it by JCB and only 4 or 5 labourers.
The Minister said that along with the growth of sports, industries will also grow and when the country grows, sports will also grow.
Shillong, Naitung 09: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District has demanded that the government should immediately stop the search for its members especially the leaders and members of Umdohlun Circle from Phlangdiloin area. KSU Photumiap Area Unit, Phlangdiloin Unit and other leaders from other units of KSU South West Khasi Hills District have been arrested on charges of involvement in the burning of vehicles and shooting of people in Mawthabah and Wahkaji.
However, after the independence of the state, the ILP has disappeared and even after the demands for ILP have been raised since 1987, no government has been able to implement it.
At present, the residents of Shella to Shilliang come through the footbridge, as well as the people from Shilliang.
Not only that, there was also a song and music from the Nala Rympei group.
There will also be a special prize for the best bulbering vehicle in the competition.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 485 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state. day.
KJDSTA expects that the treasury officer will hold the floor as a true and responsible officer.
This is so that the poor patients do not have to be burdened with the price of the same medicines from private vendors in the market.
The weight of the sugar seized from the truck was 10,000 kilos. When asked about the weight of the two persons in the truck, the driver and the passenger could not give a clear answer. he is with you and you are shini.
Dundee said the prime minister has promised to take action on the party's request.
Former Rangbah Shnong of Lyngkhat, Bah Miffed String Khongtiang, said that the MLA of Lyngkhat, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has never visited the market. .
I heard, but I couldn't open my eyes.
He said that this group is really necessary for the rights of the voters because it is not a group to campaign or call for elections or even to criticize anyone and only one path has been taken as The group is committed to how the people are walking on the clean path of the upcoming elections.
Many of the residents have questioned whether the Super Market Complex has been completed as stated in the Detail Project Report.
Police are investigating to find the others, said the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills.
These 14 persons are in police custody.
On the other hand, Bah Kitborlang, while turning to the candidates who wish to contest the mid-term MLA elections from the 35-Ranikor Constituency, congratulated them because in public administration, no one can be banned. The purpose of contesting the election, whether for MP, MLA or MDC, is the same.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) is setting up public testing centers in Shillong to identify people who have COVID-19 to prevent the spread of the disease.
The BJP Meghalaya State Unit has questioned the inclusion of the Jaintia language in the Meghalaya Anthem, which was released recently to mark the 52nd anniversary of Meghalaya's independence.
Among the Union Ministers, the Chief Minister has met with Union Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj and during the meeting, the Chief Minister has spoken to The Union Minister has urged the Union Minister to work together to expedite the construction of roads connecting Shillong-Tura and Dhaka.
The Army will celebrate its Platinum Jubilee since November 2016. Under his leadership, the Army now has four branches. The army will continue to rise under the supervision of the Army Commander, Central Command, Lieutenant General Balwant Singh Negi.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the reading is a necessary tool for the resolution of pending cases in the courts.
To improve the message to the villagers is very important and through this the life of the people to the villages has brought about many changes and this has brought about changes in all aspects of income. of the people.
So far, in Garo Hills, the contest has been between two candidates, Purno A Sangma of the NPP and Daryl of the Congress.
The total revenue of the people in the state is T.9.13 crore.
Regarding the release of commercial vehicles, the government has directed the DCs to release up to 50% of the vehicles in the rural areas and in Shillong 30% of the commercial vehicles have been released.
Shillong, March 31: The North Eastern Council (NEC) Secretary Ram Muivah today said that they have approved schemes worth T.112 crore for Meghalaya. for the fiscal year 2016-2
She urged to improve the income of women and to participate in the management of jobs. She said that from the forest plants, medicines have been made. how to market what can be obtained from the forest by planting it.
Before the march, they held a rally in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah near the Civil Hospital Shillong. From there they marched in front of the Secretariat and threw flowers with slogans against the government.
“We also have schools where we have taught children from poor families.
“If the government wants to solve this problem, in fact it should have resolved it together, or if it doesn't agree to allow the officials and drivers to enter the country to get garbage, the government should have approved what. They demand a waiver of 50% of the tax on commercial vehicles and 50% of the tax on fuel,” said Bah Jyrwa.
The Seng invites all the members of the committee to attend the tournament.
Finally, Bah Khraw urged the people of the area who have the right to elect their leaders (EPIC) to give their strong support to achieve a glorious victory.
These issues have to be discussed with the Ministry of Home Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Trade and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Union Government.
The party is not against foreigners but at this time we prefer the health of the people especially at this time when we cannot say that the area is free from the corona virus.
“We will hold meetings and workshops as well as programs in collaboration with the ADCs. So this financial year, we will hold workshops with the three District Councils on the rights of children,” he said. state.
The first group of policemen consists of those policemen who bomb the crowd, the male policemen who touch and bomb women, the policemen who have 50-60 policemen who stand armed with weapons such as tears. Gas and guns to protect foreign factories and also a police force ordered by the foreign officials of Topcem to bomb the Hynniewtrep people.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting of the 5 State Executive Committee of the BJP party held at the Assembly Hotel today, Dr Sharma said he has not met Dr Mukul Sangma for a year. 2012, on the statement that he would form a BJP government in June, Dr Sharma said there is no such thing and Dr Mukul Sangma has not even asked.
Speaking to media, Vincent H Pala said that the meeting was only to take a decision to elect the candidates for the mid-term elections. that three constituencies.
Shillong, Iaiong 12: The Meteorological Department of the Union Government of Meghalaya has warned that in Meghalaya in the next three days there will be strong winds and thunderstorms.
At this meeting, all the speakers who spoke on this occasion expressed their urge to work hard so that the party can hold back this constituency which the president of the party has led for so long.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday submitted a letter to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) demanding the removal of the garbage dump in Motphran, Shillong. .
The Prime Minister was speaking at a meeting of the working groups held at Dakopgre.
Those who attended the meeting were Paiem PM Syiemlieh, Deputy Syiem of Nongkhlaw, Bah H Skhemlon, Sirdar of Mawdon Hima, Bah HL Ryntathiang, Lyngdoh of Nongkhlaw. Hima Lyngiong, Bah J Khyriemmujat, Rangbah Shnong, Nongmadan Smit, Bah MH Thabah and others.
The four candidates who joined the BJP today are AL Hek from the Congress, Sanbor Shullai from the NCP, Roninus Syngkong and Justine Dkhar from the Independent.
Speaking at the meeting, MPCC President Dr Celestine Lyngdoh said that the BJP has taken power in Karnataka and that is why the Congress party today held this meeting across India. The opposition to the power of the BJP and this is the destruction of democracy in India by one party.
This was announced by the Deputy Commissioner (Election) who is also the District Election Officer, Mairang.
The two police chiefs sustained minor injuries and were taken to Shillong for treatment.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The ICAR-National Institute of Animal Diseases (NIHSAD), Bhopal has confirmed that there is an outbreak of African Swine Flu in pigs. in Meghalaya, the Ministry of Agriculture, New Delhi, according to a letter sent on 24th July 2020 and on the report received from the NERDDL, Guwahati.
In their speeches, all of them expressed one voice that only the NPP can work for the people to bring about development in the state.
At the same time, he sent his condolences to the parents of the student.
After this, the AO summoned both the parties and Dolloi Nartiang to her office on 10 August
Shillong, Nailur 02: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu, on the occasion of Teachers' Day, will present the award to 75 teachers selected from across India. “National Teachers' Awards 2023 at Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi.
Speaking at the meeting, Governor Ganga Prasad said the government's goal is to increase the income of farmers, but this goal can be achieved if the farmers They were taught how to bring about changes in the way of working besides agriculture, by encouraging them to grow rice and other activities such as planting.
The KSU urges the government that instead of preparing that road, it would be better if it strengthens the demand for ILP from the central government and not just end up in the media.
On this issue, the teachers have also spoken face to face with the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma and on the part of these Ministers of the state government they have promised to implement what the Association demands. teachers should get.
Shillong, Lber 02: The Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik today honored the NCCs who took part in the Republic Day 2021 celebrations in Delhi.
Shillong, Lber 21: With the aim of promoting tourism in East Jaintia Hills district, the Society for the Promotion of Tourism in East Jaintia Hills district will hold a 'Discover East' Jaintia Tourism Festival' 2017, which will start on the 24th and end on the 25th of this month at West Youth Welfare Ground, Khliehriat.
Census 2011 literacy 72.89% 28 girls are illiterate.
On the opening day of the session, the Sixth Schedule Amendment Bill, 2016 was also introduced. Amendment ) Bill, 2016, other bills introduced on this day were in relation to the Nongspung, Myrdon, Nobosohphoh and Mawdon Himas.
, said Bah PN Syiem CEM. At this meeting, the PDF also decided to write to the Governor and the State Government to ask for an explanation as to why the The Village Administration Bill, although the KHADC since November has already sent clarifications regarding the Home Ministry's request for clarification on 12 issues.
Today's world is a source of much anxiety and as we strive to achieve a world where prevention is more likely than treatment, yoga plays an important role in treating diseases that mih from the way of life.
Gabriel Wahlang hopes that the government will provide assistance to the workers if the factory is closed down.
The DC also warned the people that if anyone violates the rules, they will be punished under the rules of law if found.
Mawkyrwat, November 21: The Assam Rifle Army today honored Kitborlang Lyngkhoi, a soldier from the Assam Rifle Army who surrendered his life. his life for the sake of his country in Siachen.
As a leader, he also praised the selflessness of the sisters who are in charge of the Shantivan who without any hesitation have shown love and happiness to the patients from all over the country. Many patients don't have that feeling of distance from home or strangers in the hospital.
The dorbar and the residents have a joint responsibility to ensure the cleanliness of the village.
Other districts including Eastern West Khasi Hills, East Garo Hills and East Jaintia Hills districts failed to win medals.
The counting of votes will be held on the 3rd of October.
The group also requested the map of the KHADC as well as the maps of the Hima under the KHADC and the names of the villages in the middle of the border dispute.
This year, the government has pledged to spend T.11 lakh crore on infrastructure, adding that such spending on infrastructure will create more job opportunities and promote economic growth. .
Opening the ceremony, I.Laloo ADC in charge of election work explained to the people the right to elect their leaders by taking part in the election. the thymmei in the public synsahr.
All the Rangbah Shnongs who were invited to the meeting attended the meeting and there was a discussion between the District Task Force and the Rangbah Shnongs. come to this law.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, in the presence of ADCs, VECs, Gram Sevaks and other officers of the C&RD Block.
He said that these projects include the road where the Government has not been able to solve the problem of land acquisition.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister congratulated the Ministry of Mines, the authorities, the environmentalists and also the owners of the parks who have supported the government. Introduce the policy and rules for coal mining.
As the organization that looks after the society and development in Bhoi, it urges the paradoh para snam in Block-II to unite as residents to prevent the government authorities or other groups from coming to It is a border area between Meghalaya and Assam.
Governor of Bihar Rajendra Arlekar, Chief Minister of Bihar Nitish Kumar, Union Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Dr Subrahmanyam Jaishankar, Minister of State for Child Development, Pabitra Margherita, Assistant Ministers Bihar Chief Minister Vijay Kumar Sinha and Samrat Choudary, Chancellor of Nalanda University, Prof. Arvind Panagariya and Vice Chancellor of Nalanda University, Prof. Abhay Kumar Singh were present on the occasion along with other dignitaries.
Former Deputy Chief Minister Bindo M Lanong, who is also the leader of the UDP, said that the party has decided to send these two MLAs to I will leave for Delhi tomorrow.
Angkit Tamang bowled three maiden overs from the tennis court end while Banialam Mylliemngap (1/4), bowled from the pavilion end, bagged the lone wicket to fall, that of Mizoram’s Marcus for 2, caught behind by wicketkeeper Dipankar Barua.
The seminar was held as part of the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav and the public advocacy program of the DoT to celebrate this day and also to bring about Atmanirbhar Bharat by ensuring a strong network and full service. .
In a meeting with the police of Laia Police station, the KSU and BVKJWO demanded that the child should be released from the hands of the kidnappers immediately. “We should take action against the kidnapping of the child,” said Donal V Thabah.
The polling officers have arrived at all the polling stations in the state today and the preparations have been going on so far.
Speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan in Shillong, the Congress leader said that the BJP is a two-party party. The state is divided into three districts: Pyniapara, Destory, Pynjot and Pynthud District.
According to the report issued by the Tribunal, if the coal owners fail to spend the remaining coal in their depots before the 15th of this month, the coal will be taken away. The government has not allowed the sale of coal.
Therefore, the union has doubted the admission office for the students and said that those who intend to study B,Ed and other courses have to take admission from the office. Hercules Suting General Secretary HYC Ri-Bhoi District said that the office has been in existence for more than 10 years but the company has not found anything. You must have a trading license from KHADC before you set up this office.
The ACHR said there was no reason for the Moists to justify their actions against the unprotected.
“To combat this drug trafficking, the Police Department has introduced measures such as public awareness campaigns especially among the youth by conducting public awareness campaigns in schools, universities and the search for drug traffickers. “Dang bteng,” said Bishnoi, adding that drug traffickers are the most dangerous and many gangs from other states are involved in which the Meghalaya Police have fought to eradicate them.
The NHAI has used heavy equipment to speed up the work especially in the area where the truck has fallen due to the snowfall. Vehicles will be allowed to travel on this highway to Silchar which connects Tripura, Manipur and Mizoram.
In his speech, Dr. Joram Beda, Commissioner and Secretary, Government of Meghalaya said that despite the many problems due to the land conditions, the government officials do not ignore the problems but go to introduce them. names of people to get Aadhaar to the people in due course.
When the documents were examined, it was found that the amount of money was less than T.53,93,621/- from the school fees taken from the children.
The General Secretary of the union, Kabir Mastopha, has sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to convey their demand.
If the MBOSE continues to ignore the guidelines/criteria, it will become silent killers as drop outs will increase. time of the children.
The MHIS Card can be used and selected by the hospital according to the name of private and government hospitals in Meghalaya and abroad.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The District Youth Congress of North Garo Hills District has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner regarding the condition of the bridge at Soksan and Chidaret which has been under construction for many years but has not been completed. complete.
This is a ploy by the BJP Government to ignore and remain silent on the fact that it has to accept those others in Bangladesh, Afghanistan, Pakistan who have been attacked (in the name of religion). ) but I speak clearly that there is still more violence by the authorities against us indigenous people than the violence against them.
According to police, the truck was coming from Jowai and was heading towards Guwahati, but when it reached this place, it collided with shops on the side of the road in which four people were killed. The names of the deceased have not been released at the time of writing.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the MLA of Jingrang said that he has informed the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma that the construction of the road by the Assam government is in progress. that he will meet again with the Prime Minister on this issue.
There are three political parties in the Opposition , the Congress with five MLAs , the All India Trinamool Congress with five MLAs and the Voice of the People Party with four MLAs He also recognized Congress MLA from Gambegre Constituency Saleng A Sangma as the Chief Whip of the Opposition.
“In Meghalaya there are three District Councils, it is not known which District Council is not working but to count all the District Councils as not working is wrong and unacceptable. ," said Mr. Pynaid.
The presence of more police in the District will help to make it easier to work for the welfare of the District as a whole.
Shillong, The French Foreign Minister in charge of his office in Kolkatta today visited the North Eastern Region of India and Meghalaya. The ceremony was held at Mawphlang in the presence of Bah John F Kharshiing.
The DC has warned the shopkeepers that if they sell more than the price, they will be punished severely, said the District Magistrate in a statement. .
The expenditure of the Chief Minister's Relief Fund for the purchase of ambulances, biomedical equipment for the community quarantine centers is T.7.4 crore and this has already been paid.
The MPCA has called for this public meeting to explain to the public the problems arising from the use of Aadhaar.
You shall not tie the ox with its neck, its legs, or its thighs, nor shall you carry a sling.
At the same time, these militants admitted that they came to arrest them to protest against Operation Hillstorm which the government has been implementing for three months in the Garo Hills. The operation will be conducted with the use of SF-10 commandos.
Shillong, March 12: Police today arrested FKJGP leader Eldie Newton Lyngdoh, Information and Publicity Secretary of the FKJGP from Umsning. bomb at the Puja Pandal in Umsnong on Tuesday.
All the speakers recalled that during the elections, the NPP, especially the president of the party, Dr WR Kharlukhi, said that if the NPP wins, they will release coal. to do either, they said.
The Seng would like to congratulate all these residents who have come forward and set an example for others.
He urged the leaders, officers and others to take part in the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra to inform the people and encourage them to take the benefits they deserve.
The topics discussed were the Performance Grade Index Report (PGI). In this regard, the union expressed its satisfaction despite the slight increase in grade points compared to previous years. However, the truth is that the state has been in the last list for three years now.
We only want to be in the Executive Committees of the Dorbar Shnongs to discuss, see and mention especially in those villages where there are no women in the Executive Committees of the Dorbar Shnongs,” she said. Priest.
The GSU will soon meet with the CEM of GHADC to demand that non-Garo should not be given any jobs in the GHADC. The GSU but many other political parties in Garo Hills have the same feeling.
According to the president of the party, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, according to the permission received from the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, only 20 people are allowed to sit at a time. they have to beg every day as they continue their hunger strike.
Ltd, and SPIKAP, also delivered a speech by Bah John F Kharshiing,, who also thanked the health workers/ Nongkhem/ Nongpynkhakhun who have supported the health care to the poor. He said that through this training, the PHC or CHC has been a blessing because it is difficult for the Government to appoint Doctors or Nurses in every village. The residents of the rural areas can get a detailed and clear explanation on how to act, and where to go if they encounter such a problem and when the problem is severe due to the pyrjong.
The donation ceremony was held at Mawkhar Christian in the presence of the President of the Khasi Seng Kmie, Bah MF Blah, Bah Jai Skhemlon and other witnesses.
The total number of participants in the 5Meghalaya Games 2024 in Tura has reached 3000 and the games will be held in 23 sports and these will be held at different venues across Tura.
The President of the HFU said that the state government has issued a notice that the 4th Dec will be the day for the farmers to celebrate this day.
Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh as the chief guest at the Holy Mass where the parish was opened and consecrated with the empowerment according to the authority of the Canon Law of the Church.
The indigenous languages ​​are Chhattisgarh, Gondi, Halbi, Sargujia, Pahari, Sheena, Gojri, Balti, Ladakhi, Karbi, Khasi, Jaintia, Garo, Nagamese, Hmar, Paite, Thadou, Kabui, Mao, Tangkhul, Nyishi, Adi, Monpa, Ao, Angami, Kokborok, Mizo, Lepcha and Sikkimese (Bhutia).
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Khasi National Awakening Movement (KHANM) under the leadership of Bah Thomas Passah, Working President of KHNAM today visited the National Awakening Movement (KHANM) in writing to the Deputy Commissioner of the Labor Department of the State Government regarding the rate of wages of the employees.
After the lehniam at Law Nongthroh, there was a ceremony to honor the mei mawbuh in which there was a sacrifice, a khriam, a beitdak and a peteshin by the elders to receive the blessings for the procession. on the 2nd of June.
On the other hand, the union will meet with the Director General of Police on the second day to urge him to take action on this issue.
The times in which we live demand that we stand up to defend the nation not only with our physical strength but also with the sword of knowledge.
Shillong, Jymmang, 7: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that six people have died of COVID-19 positive in the state. you 199 people.
He said that in the coming days, Kiang Nongbah Govt College will also launch an Integrated Teacher Education Program which is a 4 year course but only for these departments the College does not have a building and the classrooms are not clean.
The Barato Police Out Post will be located under the Nartiang Police Station.
He said that the new Executive Committee will monitor the introduction of new rules to benefit the District Council in the restructuring of the Khyrnit Bahynriew which is currently under the Ministry of Home Affairs. Government of India.
The work of PMGSY has been expanded to include new initiatives.
Shillong, June 05: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, on Tuesday warned the traders not to sell beverages to all the people and not to take advantage of them. the price is high.
In addition, even the Standstill Agreement signed between the Government of India and the Federation of Khasi States has been violated.
Shillong, March 16: Despite the 12 hour curfew called by the civil society to demand the government to implement the ILP in the state tomorrow, the authorities in charge of the The District Administration will continue to hold the Cycle Race in Tura as scheduled.
Regarding the vacancies in the four Indian Reserve Battalions (IRBNs), 207 vacancies were reported in the 3rd MLP Battalion, Sahbsein 9 Tactical HQ, Vikashpuri (New Delhi). There are 18 cases in the 4th MLP Battalion, 84 cases in Sohpian, 85 cases in the 5th MLP Battalion, Samgong and 20 cases in the 6th MLP Battalion, Umran.
!!According to the White Paper on Indian States published by Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, in Parliament in 1949-50 regarding the FKS and the 25 Khasi States, the words in the *clause 1* of the *Annexed Agreement reads as follows*" The Federation of Khasi States agrees that all existing administrative arrangements between the Dominion of India and the Province of Assam *on the one hand* and the Khasi States *on the other hand* shall with the exceptions noted below, *continue in force untill new or modified arrangements have been arrived at between the respective authorities concerned.
“The cooperation as we have done a lot and I welcome the election of any candidate who wants to contest and let the people decide,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Shakliar Warjri, Minister of Sports, Meghalaya, said that the Sports Department is preparing for the Meghalaya Games. 2024 in Tura and on his part he had the opportunity to visit with his own eyes in connection with this preparation.
This is a long standing demand.
Shortages of these vital raw materials or their availability in only a few areas can lead to supply chain issues.
W Basaiawmoit (Secretary HYC-Sengkmie).
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, the scheme has been approved by the Road Construction Department of the Central Government and is awaiting approval from the Central Government to allocate the funds for the construction. This road will connect with Assam.
Shillong, July 10: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma today met with the staff of EMRI Ambulance. 108 morning in his office.
The Health Team of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare is following up on all those who have returned to their villages and the discovery of these 400 people who have violated the quarantine rules. it is through the means used by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to monitor them.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The death of a 16-year-old girl from Umlangka village remains in the dark and even the police have not been able to clarify the cause of the death even after the death. complete the mortal post.
In conclusion, the Seng expresses its regret to see such incidents, however, the Seng also expresses its anger and strong condemnation of the behavior of these village officials and others without thinking carefully. in all directions.
The Seng sends its special condolences to the family of Hurupukni near Dangar for the death of a woman in the blast of pyrthat that night. families who have survived the tragic incident due to the collapse of trees in the houses that have collapsed in the storm.
He said it is regrettable that the government is not willing to discuss the Reservation Policy.
Two persons involved in the illegal trade in these drugs have been arrested by the Police.
When inquired, Kitbok said that the Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary has said that the Urban Affairs Department has directed the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department to provide land in Upper. Shillong.
Shillong, July 15: Police of East Khasi Hills District have arrested two drug traffickers, Sonmingla Hangboi and Jessica Mate.
He said that the request is to set up a Boar Semen Collection Center and a Demonstration Farm. He said that when the benefits come from the government, they should be given first to the farmers who have started the business for a long time. who have completed training and who have the willingness to breed and certification from the Veterinary Officer before receiving the scheme.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: U Bah KP Pangniang, President of the HSPDP party, at a meeting of the Coordination Committee of the Meghalaya Democratic Government. The Alliance (MDA) on Friday said that the government should first introduce the Khali Act.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: Chief of Army Staff Air Marshal DK Patnaik has visited the eastern Indian Air Force Base at Hasimara in West Bengal for two days.
At present India is a country that has grown rapidly in terms of economy and education and the youth are part of the economic growth and the youth should take this in the fog.
Friends, this is also the time of various celebrations across the country.
The Dalloi and the elders of Nongtalang Elaka said that the Elaka Committee together with the Exporters have already met in a meeting and the Exporters have agreed to temporarily suspend the work until they see the truth. the preparation of the Government for those adequate safety measures before taking a decision to open.
Bah John said that he is confident that this cooperation of all will open the doors to resolve many of the problems that we as a nation are facing and struggling through many laws. Once again I urge everyone not to lose hope trust in the wisdom of the people and the greatness of India because unity is victory and to sign your name on the name of the BOM (UDP) for the Dr Jemino Mawthoh from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency 1 and Ms Agatha Sangma from KOT (NPP) and Ms Agatha Sangma from Tura Parliamentary Constituency 2 who are both joint candidates of the MDA. Shillong, Iaiong 09: The election meeting for the MP elections to be held on the 11th of this month ended at 4 pm today.
He said that during the recent unrest, the government has taken a firm decision on these issues.
KHNAM also urges the people not to believe and listen to the scientific tricks of the sheep's-skin myrsiang because we don't want the Khasi youth to be arrested without any grounds.
Minister Duh said rescue efforts were ongoing.
Regarding the share of mineral resources, the Deputy CEM said that the government does not always give a clear figure, the Council will now meet the government to ask for a clear figure. when it comes to this tax.
Latest reports said that the police have now started to track down the perpetrators through the videos of the CCTV cameras which they have taken from the shopkeepers.
The visit was a place for the trainee officers to get detailed information from the Governor and at the same time he showed them how to follow the instructions and how to use them. They shall not send information in the manner appropriate to the present time.
In 2022, the Hospital will celebrate its 100th Anniversary and on 19 June, the Centenary Jubilee will be celebrated.
There is a Finance Commission which oversees the financial matters without discrimination.
We have received complaints that many illegal immigrants are unknown and some claim to be Ronghiya Muslims.
The cleaning of the road from Lat Mawreng to Lawkyntang has been completed today and the improvement of the road from Lat Mawreng to Lawkyntang has been completed today by the contractors. .
This is a Below Poverty Line (BPL) constituency but until now there are not many people who have this BLP. The 58 MLAs in the Legislative Assembly, How can I go to anoint the Chief Minister for the development of this constituency.
The IMD has warned that there has been a change in the weather conditions and rainfall in parts of the East Central from the Bay of Bengal and towards the north-north-eastward at a speed of 15 Kmph.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Tarcisius Dkhar expressed his regret that the residents of the village have been facing problems for more than a year due to the absence of a full-time Rangbah Shnong.
On these four issues, the President of the party, Bah W.Rani, said that regarding the light switching, the minister said that they have to do it because MeECL has faced many problems but they will ensure that it will not affect the students.
This bill was rejected by the Lok Sabha in those years and it is surprising that even the President of the MPCC does not know about it and it is clear that this leader only wants to spread false news. “It's just for our own benefit,” said Bah Pohshna.
Therefore, we have to take this decision that after 10 pm the people should go home,” she said.
To date, T20 has conducted 50 programs in India and abroad and produced 135 short forms and 250 policy briefs out of more than 400 planned briefs.
Shillong, November 07: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 20 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills. there are 251 people.
Speaking to reporters, Dr War said that the man works as a pharmacist at the Civil Hospital Shillong, but as he had close contact with another person who tested positive, he was sent for quarantine. The sample was taken from him but on the second day he left the Quarantine Center to go to Rangthong PHC and the result was positive.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, in a statement sent today, said that the District Administration has arranged for the people to attend the ceremony. The Independence Day of India was celebrated at Madan Polo today.
The day was enriched by the students of the College, in the presence of the elders and the people of Mairang.
About 14,90,015 voters will go to the 2,485 polling stations of the 60 constituencies to elect their representatives on 23rd June and the counting of votes. it will be held on the 28th of June.
The CCIB, together with the land owners and other civil society organizations KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, FCRWM and other groups today held a sit-in protest near the Additional Secretariat to express their opposition to the They also thanked the government for the inspection of the ksainar shiah which has been completed in these days.
This issue affects not only Meghalaya, but also other states. One of the volunteers has lodged a PIL against the overweight of school fees for Maharashtra children. The Mumbai High Court has taken the necessary action. The Government of Maharashtra has also set up a special committee to look into the matter. The committee has submitted 5 findings and 44 recommendations. According to the report, 58 percent of school children under 10 years of age suffer from mild muscle pain and 75 percent of children under 12 years of age suffer from mild muscle pain from time to time. school bags.
“The purpose of this march is to showcase the culture and traditions of the people of Meghalaya and the people of the North East,” said the Chief Minister. in his speech before the start of the march to showcase their roots.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The final of the Shillong Premier League 2023, Shillong, has been prepared for the upcoming 2023 FIFA World Cup. The club will play against Rangdajied United FC tomorrow, 11th June 2024, at the SSA Stadium, First Ground, Polo, at 3 pm.
While the talks were going on inside the police station, a police vehicle on the ground floor of the police station was set on fire by unidentified persons. to those who burned the car.
On the other hand, the NBCC has decided to continue as part of a number of programs to strengthen the people to the strong foundations of the Indian National Congress.
: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday said that the State Government is still considering the Meghalaya Residents, Safety and Security (Amendment) Bill (MRSSAB), 2020, after it was returned by the Ministry. of Home Affairs (MHA) to the Government of India.
Recently, the G20 summit was held in Jammu and Kashmir.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Donald Thabah expressed his regret that even after the 50th anniversary of the independence of the state, there are still many indigenous people who have not been able to achieve their goals. shilliang cover shilliang, you are not allowed to be in poverty.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner said that as the chairman of the committee in charge of water supply in the district, he has written to the Chief Engineer of the water supply department to Inspect the availability of water tanks in Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that he could not talk to the Deputy Commissioner of South West Garo Hills District because of the mid-term elections.
The Government of Meghalaya on the 12th of this month has issued a notice that those who have reached the age of 70 years and above will no longer be eligible for employment and re-appointment in Government departments. State to adjust the cut-off age if there is any unemployment or re-employment.
Speaking to the contractor, he admitted that he did not accept the work permit and agreed to expel the foreigners immediately from the site and employ the locals as demanded by the Seng.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that most of the cases in East Khasi Hills are due to the use of tobacco. 66.9% were female and 43.1% were female.
The KSU also urged the DGP to set up an Anti-Infiltration Check Gate at Tongseng village to prevent the illegal entry of Bangladeshi officials into the dewbilat factories. The Anti-Infiltration Check Gate at Umtyra has not been able to prevent the entry of foreigners.
Before concluding, Rahul Gandhi promised the people of Meghalaya to fight against the injustice and problems faced by the people under the rule of the BJP. he will be the soldier of the people of Meghalaya in order to convey the issues in Delhi.
Up to 27 young women have registered with NAVIS for language training and cultural immersion in Bengaluru.
The KSU Laban Circle strongly condemns the arrest of the members of the circle by the police without any grounds, but they have been accused and forcibly punished for those acts which are inappropriate and which we cannot accept at all.
The celebration will start this year and will end until 2023, through community building activities and along with activities to educate children and youth so that the celebration will be a flourishing one.
Umkiang, November 01: The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang, East Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday expressed its gratitude to the Local MLA, Bah Shitlang Pale, for donating a garbage truck to Umkiang Village.
During the meeting, they also discussed the complaint of three people from Ichamati to the Governor of the state against the state and the allegation is groundless and the people understand this and from this The group wants the peace and stability in the state to continue as usual.
“We stand strongly for economic development in rural areas," he said.
The dates of the meeting have been fixed on the 7th, 12th, 8th, 24th and 28th and the venues are Rangiya, Tinsukia, Alipuduar, Katihar and Lumding Division.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that the decision to increase the MCF is because what the state has now is too small as it can accept only T. crore, the revenue for development projects in the state has been increased to T.505 crore.
The government's failure to attract the youth who have been misled by the assistance programs so that they can live their lives again like other achievements goes to all those who have worked together to bring peace.
The EC does not want to hide anything on this, they will collect all the schemes and put it in the form of a book and it will be distributed to all the MDCs to clarify. This is the amount of T.133 crore.
This time, the JSU has already discussed with the KNGCSU leaders and the students' leaders (Senior students) to find ways and means to admit all the students who have not yet received admission. The KNGCSU and student leaders have already met with the Director of Higher and Technical Education last month with a letter to demand the admission of students.
Shillong, Nailur 29: Shillong, Nailur 29: He said that the Congress will lead the government in Delhi and will not form a government other than the BJP. The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the party in Mizoram.
In the same way, the investigation into Kiang Nagbah was also conducted.
In the 2013 elections, he was removed from his ticket and contested as an independent candidate and won again as an MLA from 56-Gambegre. In 2018, he won again as an MLA from the Nationalist Congress Party. In 2023, after the disappearance of the NCP in Meghalaya, it will merge with the Congress party.
The dam has been constructed in such a way that the dam's foundation is strong and the area of ​​the dam is up to &.7 Hakter or 19 to 20 acres. 528 million liters of water will be produced at this site and this will provide water to many villages.
In his speech, Preston Tynsong Symbut, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, recalled that he has contributed not only to the state but also to the country as a whole. the leader is still a child.
In the afternoon, the ICYM Jowai Diocese also awarded prizes to the youth who brought honor to the parish at the sports meet of the ICYM Jowai Diocese. He was also the Principal of Ambrose Memorial Secondary School Khlehriait.
The Congress will contest Dr Mukul Sangma's daughter Miani D Shira, the NPP's Clement Momin and the BJP will announce their candidate next month.
Ed Trainees of the 1st batch 2013 to arrive on time with the flags as agreed at the meeting.
New Delhi, Jymmang 23: Hardeep S. Puri, Minister in charge of Housing and Urban Affairs and Petroleum and Natural Gas, briefed the members of the Consultative Committee on the progress of the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs. by the Smart Cities Mission.
The meeting was conducted by David Laitflang President Shillong Press Club Shillong in the presence of Alantry F Dkhar. He said that it is this government department that has not conducted such public explanations in the past.
The 18 members of the RBYF who were arrested were charged and went to block the government office at Byrnihat in Ri Bhoi District.
The construction of the store room and two other rooms in the Old High Court Building of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has cost Rs 7,00,0
Still dying, let's keep enjoying the celebration of filmmaking ... and share this with others.
During the meeting, it was found that these foreigners received syrnod from the Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills.
The HYC urges the government to follow the directives of the government not to gather people during the shopping hours, because according to the findings of the HYC, many shops especially the shops of foreigners are still gathering people. as usual during the shopping season, and this unfair behavior of the shopkeepers to protect the customers, will cause panic and endanger the health of the residents as a whole.
Soon this has spread to all sectors where the people of the country have found ways to earn money without any problem!The Government has also used technology to monitor the sectors.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has expressed its deep sorrow over the stinginess of the Meghalaya government on the demands of the ad-hoc teachers under the leadership of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM). ).
John F Kharshiing said that unless the Government of India allocates its own funds to the Dorbar Shnongs, Raids and Himas, all the allocations as it is now would be in vain because of these allocations. They are only for MDCs to use as MDC schemes which are distributed like MLAs and MP schemes which are only for colored people and this is the difference between political rules and rules. the council is without partiality.
The Government has set up testing centers at Pasture Institute Lawmali, Civil Hospital Nongpoh, Civil Hospital, Tura, Civil Hospital Ampati, Civil Hospital Williamnagar, Civil Hospital Baghmara, Civil Hospital Williamnagar and CHCs at Mawkyrwat, Khliehriat and Resubelpara. and MCH Hospital Jowai.
Tura, November 11: Police in East and South Garo Hills have seized several weapons from a GNLA camp in Durama Hills on Tuesday. month.
According to the ninth section of the Cessation of Liabilities Act, 2017, anyone who violates the fourth section of this Act will be fined up to T. 10,000/- tyngka or to increase five times the amount seized depending on the amount of money.
Shillong, June 18: The Secretary of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) today sent a letter to the Director General of Police (DGP) and directed them to submit a report within six months from the date of receipt of the report. written on the burning of three people.
The Minister urged the educational institutions to strive to overcome the attitudes that existed during the rule of the authorities in relation to the implementation methods.
This unit will fall under the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle and the KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
Itanagar, June 30: The DoNER Department and the Government of Arunachal Pradesh in collaboration with the North Eastern Council held a discussion on the 'welfare of the indigenous peoples and border management' on Saturday. at the DK Auditorium of the Arunachal Pradesh Assembly in Itanagar, Arunachal Pradesh.
This time too, it can be said that this ceremony of the Khun Khasi baïar has been a truly glorious, blessed ceremony, with the participation of the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep Hynniaw Wasa.
In Shillong, SSA teachers have staged an indefinite sit-in near the Additional Secretariat where they have slept on the street to demand their rights.
The Chief Minister said that the increase in the number of cases in these days is due to the arrival and struggle of people before the containment was announced and now the number of cases has decreased but the government has We want to further reduce the spread of this disease by announcing this curfew.
This money will be in the form of an untied fund, which can be used for any activities related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and will not be included in the existing grants of the Central Government.
Shillong, June 23: The Kharraswai Kur Seng Kynrang Lawbah Zone will hold its annual meeting on the 28th June 2018 at Kynrang Lawbah Zone at 10.30 am.
Shillong, July 25: The Union of Village Authorities of Upper Shillong (UVL) has sent a letter to the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronie V Lyngdoh. It is because of the works of MUDA that the people have suffered too much”.
From Shillong seat, Bah Vincent H. Pala has been elected as MP of the Congress.
He said that those people who speak ai will come into the state to talk and understand.
“We congratulate the Municipal staff and the SDRF team who have worked hard to find him (Bah Marshall) and as a family we have no hope that he will survive,” said Hymmen Kynsi.
BSF troops on receiving a tip conducted a raid on the border with Bangladesh at Iew Thymmai in East Khasi Hills District after seeing two persons walking on the border with Bangladesh. Bangladesh.
This is according to a statement from the Divisional Forest Officer, Shillong.
During the meeting, the Minister had a face-to-face interaction with the youth who attended the meeting.
The Incubation Center was established from the Prime Minister's vision of “the country's self-production capacity under Make in India” which will enable start-ups to acquire skills. strategic leadership, mentoring, workspace, funding and working together to develop effective strategies.
This can be seen from the first Khasi book by Thomas Jones, entitled The Book of Cassia in
It is worth mentioning that Zakir Naik has been banned in many countries.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr. Vijay Kumar praised the contribution of Dr. Nongkynrih.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The tower at Domsohkhai, Nongnah in South West Khasi Hills District has not been maintained for more than two years and it seems that it is about to collapse. The residents especially the households near the tower have been affected.
According to police sources, the earthquake suddenly covered them and both of them fell to the ground and died shortly afterwards. The deceased were identified as u Edwin Kharbihkhiew, 42, and Pynbhalang Kharsohnoh, 35 years old.
Sister Udaya CHF, Head of the Holy Family, said that she takes this opportunity to thank the Prime Minister of India for his praise for the consecration of the saint. the sister of Bl.
All the credit goes to those who have the spirit to help and without mentioning their names who have been willing to donate their right hand and left hand to make this medical center successful. it will be as it is until now.
All the states expressed their satisfaction with the implementation and use of the IT platform to ensure the smooth running of the vaccination campaign which will reach many people across the country.
“It is also part of the campaign to encourage the people to love and understand the value of the environment and not to throw garbage in the village or on the streets, as it pollutes the environment and causes diseases,” said Bah. Nightmare.
The Dorbar Shnong Ladthadlaboh Jowai has supported the opposition to the road blockade on the 5th, 6th and 7th of this month. The village councils have brought many problems to the village especially to us in Jowai because during these times of the month many Dorbar Shnongs, Schools, Churches hold Fetes. This has caused them a huge loss because this is the only way to help them generate income to meet the needs of the community.
Those teachers who should come, how can they come, when even to get their salary they have to go to the streets, they have to be sprinkled with water, they have to be shot, they have to be bombed, they have to be tied.
In a letter to the government, they have requested the government to pay the remaining amount of T.24 crore. because they have faced difficulties in providing for the needs of their families.
In addition, existing platforms have been used to ensure the delivery of basic services such as online education, e-medicine, fintech.
In East Jaintia Hills 1.
He said that he has thought carefully before saying anything on the Reservation Policy so that it will not mislead him after many people have telephoned him on this issue in the past few days.
The BSF and police on the border with Bangladesh have worked together to ensure that there will be no smuggling on the border and this is also to fight against illegal activities on the border. and Bangladesh.
In this night market, the focus is not only on earning the same but having a close relationship with the vendors.
On the request of Bah Chyne, the Speaker of the House, Bah Pynshgnainlang Syiem, asked for the approval of the House whether the House accepts or not the decision of the House.
Now it is up to the party who is eligible to nominate as candidates from Shillong and Tura.
The students said that they did not get the full 3 hours and 20 minutes to complete the examination at these centres, due to various reasons such as wrong questions, broken OMRs and others. reason.
Shillong, November 24: The number of people who have tested positive for COVID-19 in Shillong today has risen to 12, the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said.
Before the inauguration of the Unite Mission, a swearing-in ceremony was held led by former CEC of India H.Brahma, in the presence of Bah FR Kharkongor CEO of Meghalaya, Bah PS Dkhar. DC of East Khasi Hills District and other government officials along with more than 2800 students from 120 schools in Shillong.
According to the rules laid down by the Central Government, to have an Aganwadi, there should be 300 to 800 residents, to have a distribution center, there should be 150 to 300 residents. There are 1500 of these rules.
Leaders in this field such as FICCI will discuss on corporate financing as a tool for brand development and social welfare.
On the other hand, the DC(A) has expressed her gratitude to the people who have been able to conduct this election smoothly without any incident. They have been involved in the conduct of this election.
Cyril Diengdoh (IAS) on the other hand, has ordered the management of the CHC in Ichanmati to issue Birth Certificates to all those who come to the CHC. , the Seng feels that as one of the Khasi officers, if he really has a sense of responsibility for his country and nation, he should have thought carefully and known the root cause of the situation. The border areas are not suitable for issuing broad orders or calling for the Jaitbynriew to become low paid in their own country.
The AAMSU has also called for a road blockade on the 28th of this month to prevent vehicles from passing on the two National Highways leading to Garo Hills.
The march will start at 10.00 pm from Iewrynhep Square and end at Don Bosco Stadium in Laitumkhrah Shillong.
Mahbubul Hoque, School of Science and Technology Meghalaya, Ri Bhoi District, Meghalaya and Chairman, ERDF, were awarded the honour. contribute to the development of education.
Answering a question on the Congress party, Nongrum said, “The Congress party is a good party, not a bad party but there are those who have been misled, but he has not spoken. Let us know”.
The union wants to know whether Assam has done these things by informing the WJHD authorities or not?  Do such robberies bring peace?”, said S.Niangti.
“Today, India is known for its steadfastness in political affairs which is essential in today’s world.
On this day, they shouted, “We will not rest until we get Garoland”, to get Garoland is their right.
The first flight from Shillong (Meghalaya) to Agartala (Tripura) under the UDAN scheme has started today after the launch of the flight from Shillong (Meghalaya) to Silchar (Assam) yesterday.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Rangbah Wallambok Syiemiong, Chairman SSSS, South West Khasi Hills District in the presence of Village Ministers, Women's Associations and Village Youth Associations of the District. come and witness this affirmation together.
Police have arrested two Khasi children in the case of Laban PS Case No.21 (04) of 2024 and the charges against them are Section murder), Section 364 (kidnapping with intent to murder), Section 325 (with intent to injure) and other provisions of the Indian Penal Code.
To reach this village, Father had to spend a lot of money to build a road to make it easier for the people to travel, but when he turned to the leaders, there were no people who were ready to help. part of the road and was done by the authority of Father.
The Meghalayan Age Store is located near Rajiv Gandhi Handicrafts Bhavan on Baba Kharak Singh Road, Connaught Place, New Delhi. as well as the marrep that come from this state.
They themselves have to button the controls.
The 1-Shillong PC was first won by independent candidates in 1957 by Hoover Hynniewta and from 1962 to 1971 by George Gilbert Swell.
These items were seized by the East Jaintia Hills Police from vehicles coming from Assam to Meghalaya. The Meghalaya Police have decided to work hard to fight against these drugs. wan rung within the state.
He said that it is through this dance that all the elders, youth and children have gathered together in one place to take part in this religious service which we thank God. Nongbuh Nongthaw who has protected us for 10 years and has delivered the Raid from the plagues and also to deliver us from the problems during the following year especially the dance that Longshwa mynshaw has done. and we also call it the Shad Rah Kynthei.
The KSU also wants all the MLAs to discuss the National Education Policy (NEP) as well as the delay in starting the Shillong Medical College and the upgradation of all the Polytechnic Institutes to full fledged Engineering Colleges.
At this meeting, they sent a letter to the Minister, in which the KSU has made it clear to expedite the construction of the hydropower plant from Wah Kynshi which is currently under construction.
The users of Airtel network urge the management of Airtel to take action to resolve the problems of supplying diesel to the towers, so that it can bring about the Please note that this network is not available to the public.
In a letter of request sent to the Public Information Officer of the Meghalaya State Medicinal Plants Board (MSMPB) under the Forest Department, the request for information is from 2010 to
Shillong, November 28: The name of the Sad Iing Sunon House of the Hima Khyrim in Smit as Iing Trep as published in the class III textbook “To Tip Laka Pyrthei” is the decision of the Ministry of Education. and the Government of Meghalaya to the Hima Khyrim and the son of the thousand of the Hima.
On the implementation of the SSA, he said that the allocation of funds for the scheme is in the ratio of 90:10, the central government allocates 90 per cent and the state allocates 10 per cent. Meghalaya in the last 16 years the allocation of books for children has been T.150 tyngka in lower primary and T.250 tyngka in upper primary. said Mr. Paul.
In the 2nd Division, Golflink defeated Metalica and with this victory Golflink qualified for the First Division.
The HNLC has said that the actions of Justice SR Sen are unacceptable and will affect the North East as a small paid people, said Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw Publicity Secretary of the HNLC. HNLC in a statement today.
Shillong, Iaiong 09: A fire broke out at the NERCORMP office in Dhankheti at 10.30 pm on Tuesday night.
Shillong, July 17: The government's decision to suspend the internet connection during the past few days of protests has affected many job seekers, students and the people of the state. It is used in many ways.
Dr. SR Marak, Senior Medical and Health Officer in charge of the disease, gave a detailed explanation.
HFU President Commander Shangpliang said that after being invited to attend the reopening of the Dawki Land Custom Station (LCS), the HFU has decided to to attend the day with the aim of promoting the marketing of agricultural products.
He said that it is the District Council to recognize the Kurs and Jaids, while the electoral posts should have full authorities.
Police have urged the public to inform the police on 0364-2222277 or fax 0364-2
Other leaders of the civil society organizations who attended the function were Joe Marwein, President of FKJGP, Bah Sadon Blah, General Secretary of HYNF, Betty Jyrwa, President of HANM-Women's Wing, Bah Gilbert Kharraswai, President of HNM. with others.
“I appeal to the people to forget any party feelings and give their full support as directed by the MLA so that the RDA candidate will be an MP who can bring about change in the state as a whole,” he said. he said.
He urged all to be united to demand their rights as allocated without fear.
The BSF troops on receiving this information rushed to Umsyiem and when they reached this place they closed the door and these carriers tried to fight against the troops and when they didn't get anything else they broke. to the burdens and fled to free himself.
In a letter sent to the police department, the MHRC said that what they have done on the incident should be sent to the MHRC within six months from the date of receipt of the letter. .
The SP of West Garo Hills, Mukesh Singh, said that after receiving a tip, they raided Darekgre village, near Rongmasugre at 6.30 pm and released them at 6.30 pm. 9.30 am.
Shillong, June 26: The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri War Mihngi, Bah Edmund Khongngai, has expressed his concern over the increase in the price of commodities especially rice. The price of rice has reached T.1700 to T.1800 per 50kg.
In this regard, the union will investigate why MeECL has taken years to complete the 33 KV line from Nongpoh to Umsong.
Regarding the request of the DC Nongstoin to renew the Nongstoin Town Committee, Bah Paul Lyngdoh EM in charge of the Town Committee said that they will do so by introducing an amendment to the AD Rule. The EC will now issue an Executive Order on the election of office bearers.
He suggested organizing special programs in every college and university in the country to connect more youth with this initiative.
The muid and cows were seized near the border with Bangladesh and this shows that these muid and cows were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh and not used in India.
The RPF seized them and handed them over to Customs.
Robi Suchiang was sworn in as President and Shkem Lapasam was sworn in as General Secretary.
Superintendent of Police Rituraj Ravi said that the arrest of Tarson Lymba from Dawki and Ebakordor Nongpluh from Malki was based on strong evidence that these men were arrested. Two persons were involved in the blast in Them Iew Mawlong.
States have been advised to use the INSACOG laboratory network to screen for those coming from other countries. monitoring of cases through Sentinel Sites (RT-PCR labs or hospitals, health facilities that deal with COVID cases) and monitoring of any increase in cases.
Shillong, November 12: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District today announced that a curfew has been imposed in the areas under the jurisdiction of Lumdiengjri Police Station and Sardar Police Station.
A short speech was also delivered by the OC of Mawsynram Police Station, Bah O.Syiemlieh.
 Seek shelter in a safe location as soon as possible.
The committee once again requests the full support of the people of 17 North for the 2018 election.
Bishop Victor Lyngdoh led Fr Alfred Lyngdoh Nongbri to visit the surroundings of the Duwan and the position of Khet Jingphla.
Abhinab Saikia of Assam won the Best Challenger Boxer and Pradeep Bisht won the Best Official.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Secretary of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today lodged a complaint at the Lumdiengjri Police Station alleging that some people have suddenly entered the office and broken the doors of the office of the CEM, u Bah Pynshngian N Syiem and the room of the Secretary and the House.
The purpose of this Act is to ensure that the allocation for minorities will be allocated in the State Plan Outlay, and the Act 2013 provides also the provision to punish any officers who violate the rules of the Act, as part of the development of the tribes.
On the other hand, the Minister in charge of Food and Civil Supplies has directed that from now on, the ration should be given only to those who have their ballot papers. It will put pressure on the food distribution department because they cannot deliver to those who have been registered in the census.
Referring to the new People Democratic Front (PDF), James said the central government has allocated T.1333 crore to the KHADC. There is a difference between the MDC schemes, but the Congress government has distributed the MLA scheme equally regardless of party.
Replying to a supplementary question by Bah PN Syiem, the Minister said that at present, the exact figure cannot be given as it is still within the census counted by the AG's office. when it is finished, it can be given.
On the last day, hundreds of dancers, men and women, along with children, came out to take part in this dance, which is a sign of thanksgiving to God from above. , in honor of the blessing which he has bestowed upon mankind in the past year.
Other railway lines are in Barak Valley, from Lumding to Silchar, one 503 km from Rangiya to Murkongselek which was completed in
The El Elyon Institute is a training institute which provides various training to the youth in Ri Bhoi District.
The HITO will not allow them to campaign for the elections, especially against those who have already been elected, especially those Cabinet Ministers, who have sat without speaking after the deadline for their resignation. the answer they get from them is that they are waiting for those various schemes.
This fact was discovered during a financial literacy campaign conducted by the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) with the support of the National Bank. (NABARD) Government of India.
The starting date is March 1,
In a letter sent to the SDO Mairang Sub Division office, they also informed about the lack of delivery of assistance to the eligible families.
Other organizations that will participate include the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People, Ri Bhoi Youth Federation, Arunachal Students' Union Shillong, Shillong Socio Cultural Assamese Students' Association, Mizo Students. Union, Naga Students' Union, Twipra Students' Federation, Shillong Karbi Students' Association, All Bodo Students' Union and others.
Therefore, the Federation urges all the people with disabilities in this shatri and others to join in this protest to force the government to fully implement their rights. 4% of the unemployment rate under the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act,
The union expressed its surprise that this morning, someone received a phone call from the Police Station, informing them that they cannot register a case against any illegal coal smuggler. “I don't want to register a case,” said Bah Donbok.
In fact, it should have been given time and not closed as it is now, said Vice President Bobby Basaiawmoit.
Shillong, Lber 21: Speaking at a meeting of the North Eastern Council to discuss the Look East Policy, Governor of Meghalaya URS Mooshahary today said that the presence of insurgents in the North East Policy. the region has been influenced by this policy which has been prepared by the central government.
Anyone who fails to comply with this order shall be punished and fined according to the law, not only the fine but also the imprisonment for one year and the imprisonment may be extended to three years. along.
The organization, through its small funds, has been able to distribute rice and wheat to the families who have been affected by the lockdown especially in their income.
He said that the Prime Minister also explained what the government has signed with the Assam government regarding the border issue. the chief minister of the state.
It is an insult to our people, especially to those old leaders who do not know or take into account these laws of the Government of India.
Referring to the MPCC president, he said he is like a father. “I don't mean to say that what I say doesn't mean it's right”.
The President of the Press Club explained about some of the measures taken for the welfare of journalists in Meghalaya.
Hundreds of employees of GHADC have staged a protest in front of the GHADC office to protest to the government authorities that the employees of GHADC want to get their salaries which the GHADC has not been able to pay. paid for 32 months.
The Chairman of the MSPB, Salseng C Marak today convened a meeting to inquire about the work of the PWD department regarding the roads in the state, which are part of the schemes of the central government. , special grants from the NEC and also roads constructed from the state budget.
Those who took part in this event were the students of this training school.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The two day festival entitled “Na Thymmei 2022” was inaugurated today at Madan Weiking by the President of the party, Bah D Dkhar in the presence of party office bearers. .
We have made it clear that until the Government has dropped all the cases against the leaders or until the social ceasefire has been signed, the Chairman or General Secretary of the HNLC will not be able to take part in the table. Chairman cum C-in-C Bobby Marweiñ and General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary HNLC Saiñkupar Nongtraw said in a statement.
Let us all strive hard to lead our country to new heights of victory and prosperity.
Speaking to reporters at the ground floor of the Governor's House after the swearing-in ceremony, Bah Hek said there is no difference between meeting and calling. spirit yes.
S.Nongkhlaw, OC of Mylliem Hima, said that he has no knowledge of the allegation. During his investigation, the market dwellers said that they gave the money. by their own free will.
During the search of the plates of these people, the villagers also recovered from their plates nar rot which had already been cut lyngkhot and usainar, which it is suspected that these people are also involved in the theft.
He expected the State Government to take action as soon as possible to bring this issue to the House and urged his fellow MLAs to support this important issue of the nation.
Shillong, November 04: Unidentified robbers have robbed the shop of Badawanhun Diengdoh in Laitlyngkot and stolen goods worth T.20,0 .
It is learned that this road has become very bad and the people have suffered in coming and going due to the fact that the KHADC has not completed the work as agreed with UCIL on their part. The residents of Mawthabah area demand that this work should be completed, said Bah Sangriang.
Robert said that the party will meet with the Minister of Home Affairs James K Sangma to demand that the government should have its own police force. that it belongs to the Infiltration Department and that the Government will provide for the needs of this government department.
The Gram Swaraj Abhiyan has launched seven flagship programs for the people of the country.
UP, Bihar, Rajasthan, Maharashtra, MP, Gujarat, the turnout was less than 58.10 percent.
The erection of the monument to this great man is to honor him for his great contribution to the people of Laban area as expressed by many speakers.
Lum Mawpalai is located within the boundary and under the jurisdiction and ownership of Umsawkhwan Village.
Nongthymmai finished on 3, having beaten fellow strugglers Nangkiew Irat.
West Karbi Anglong District was led by Deputy Commissioner Krishna Baruah and Superintendent of Police I. Barua while West Jaintia Hills was led by Deputy Commissioner Bah BS Sohliya and Superintendent of Police. Police and Bah Chemphang Syrti.
If the BJP has started to grow in Meghalaya, it is because of the inability of the prime minister and the inability of the Congress to rule. .
Vehicles coming from Nongthymmai and Shillong will have to park at the parking lots near Angele and Boucher Road and at the parking lots at Motphran.
Shillong, July 08: The 772 youths who have passed the Jugali examination conducted by MeECL since 2nd July 2016 have expressed their concern that they will lose their jobs due to that this list will only last one year.
During the inspection, the union found that there are more than 100 mynder from Nepal and foreigners from Assam, Uttar Pradesh and Bihar who do not have work permits and certificates.
He said that while the new Office Memorandum has not been issued, the Office Memorandum issued on 3.02.2022 is still standing which stipulates the age of appointment to 32 years and extended for another 5 years to 37 years.
At the same time, he said that when the country celebrates this day, let us instill in ourselves the dedication to serve for the state and the country as a whole.
In this regard, the residents demanded that the government department in charge of road construction should explain how the road has been maintained, especially the is the PMGSY scheme of the Central Government.
The BJP leader called on all political party leaders and civil society leaders to join the BJP party to strengthen the hands of the Prime Minister. Narendra Modi for the development of the state.
Government officials from various departments involved in the protection of women have arrived.
Up to 30 women took part in the 5 kilometer and 3 kilometer races.
The government has tried to open the market but these incidents have happened and it has been temporarily suspended.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: Fairvene Junes Warjri, daughter of Bah N Dkhar and Isabel Warjri, passed away on 29th June
Assam has two MPs in the Rajya Sabha.
Shillong, November 06: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Shillong Medical College at Mawprem.
These are Andhra Pradesh, Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Bihar, Goa, Gujarat, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, Odisha, Sikkim, Tripura, Uttar Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh.
The total number of cases in East Khasi Hills District is 263, West Khasi Hills 37, West Garo Hills 23, Ri Bhoi Jiantia Hills 16 people.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The NEHU has postponed all the examinations scheduled earlier as Meghalaya will hold elections on the 23rd of this month to elect new leaders.
The MLA elections will be held in four states in the North East, Meghalaya, Tripura and Nagaland.
On the other hand, the CEM said that they have been able to receive it in the morning.
Shillong, June 09: The KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle has strongly condemned the arrest of three members of the KSU Lumshyiap on the night of the 3rd of this month.
Speaking to reporters, Paul Lyngdoh said that no administrative order is on any Act of Parliament, the Legislative Assembly or the Autonomous District Councils.
It was also this Syiem who planted the seeds of the spirit of fighting and how to love one's country.
Shillong, March 01: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today inaugurated the new building of St Andrew's Secondary School Block at Reking in North Garo Hills District.
The receipt of this money from the Central Government is the initiative of the Chief Minister, the Minister in charge of Rural Development and the Principal Secretary of the Rural Development Department and the Central Government. The funds received from the Central Government will be sent to the VECs this month.
She also went to open the door, but when she came back from opening the door, John Marak stabbed her daughter.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District today convened a meeting of the Waheh Shnongs and Secretaries of Shnongs in Khliehriat to discuss how to stand on their own feet in terms of income.
People who saw the injured youth on the road informed the EMRI 108 who rushed to the scene to take the injured youth. to the police station.
The bus number ML01-7388 will leave Shillong for Nongstoin every day at 8 pm and will stop at MUDA Iew Mawlong.
The injured were taken to Shillong Civil Hospital. In the incident, a Garo mother died on the way to Shillong Civil Hospital.
If the Police Outpost has been set up since those times in Psiar, it is clear that the Assam government would not have opposed it at that time.
Nongpoh, June 07: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), Nongpoh Circle, has warned all political parties not to mislead the people with alcohol or money to vote at the polling booths of Ri-Bhoi District, on the 9th of this month for the election of the Speaker to the Lok Sabha.
On the other hand, the KSU SWKH District condemns and at the same time warns the District authorities not to slow down this activity through the actions of the forest dwellers by going out night after night like Nongtuh.
It has also installed its Forest Check Gate within the boundary of the village.
The Meghalaya People's Front (MPF) has already decided not to contest the Rajya Sabha Bye-Election. Wansuk didn't win without fighting against him.
East Khasi Hills Police will investigate to ensure that those involved can be arrested and punished according to the law.
The ban appeared to be something as admitted by Zakir Naik who alleged that Indian government officials had approached him to allow him to move freely and to dismiss all the cases. .
However, he also said that the repealed laws should be understood from the point of view of the circumstances of those times and that they played a role in the introduction of procedures in the law but, while the changes time, they should be in line with the objectives of Viksit Bharat.
Now the union finds that the Marba Hub has been owned by a brother and the allegation against Bah Mayveen Marbaniang that he has done benami is like an accusation against the nation.
The new figures come after the Disaster Management Department held a Review Meeting on July 30, 2023 chaired by the Minister of State. u Bah Kyrmen Shylla.
It was ordered that people should go out only to buy food items, but it was found that many people went out without crowds and gathered people and there were still people who did not wear masks when they went outside and this violated the rules. directed by the Ministry of Health.
Instead of pointing fingers, as people in the government, we should direct the Chief Minister to implement the decision of the Supreme Court of India. to introduce a Mining Policy and to obtain approval for the mining of coal to continue smoothly to avoid this illegal activity.
This will also open up the opportunity for people from outside the North East to come to the region and set up businesses here in accordance with the objectives of the Act East Policy.
: Many Khasi youths have been injured after being bombed and tied by a group of about 30 foreigners.
In a meeting between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and Himanta Biswa Sarma in Shillong, the Chief Minister of Assam said that the Assam government also owns these land. which needs to be resolved by consensus.
The shops from Khyndailad to Umsohsun which were closed during these days have been allowed to reopen.
"I'm looking for people who have been left behind," he added.
Vehicles ending in numbers 1, 3, 5, 7 and 9 which are commercial vehicles and private vehicles will run on Tuesdays, Fridays and Saturdays.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 31 with one death, 13 recoveries and 17 undergoing treatment.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sunlight Shadap, Chairman of SNRBD, said, “We feel that the discrimination by excluding the three districts of Ri Bhoi District is an insult to the people of Ri Bhoi. The area even though they are part of Ri Bhoi which affects the feelings of the people.
The cattle were handed over to the police.
There are 37 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 24 cases in West Garo Hills, 6 cases in West Garo Hills and 6 cases in East Garo Hills. 82672 people.
She said that the whole world is deeply concerned about this climate change.
During the meeting, he also urged the Union Minister of State for Child Development to support Meghalaya for the National Games
If the word “secularism” is removed from the constitution, it will be like Pakistan.
Two Homoeopathy doctors will also be honored for their work in spreading the reputation of the Homoeopathic System in North East India.
This step is a milestone for MIFF, which strengthens its position as the top platform for non-feature films in the South Asian region.
At this public meeting held today at Student Square, 40 civil society organizations have convened a public meeting to discuss the demand for the implementation of the ILp in Meghalaya.
John Milton wrote in his poem 'Paradise Lost'
In this regard, the party is preparing to release a film on the struggle of the party since its inception in
Shillong, Nailar 27: There are 98 cases of COVID-19 in the state, while 14 cases have been tested positive in East Khasi Hills. Hills 3, Ri Bhoi 2, South West Garo Hills 2, West Garo Hills 7 cases.
The union urges the government to increase the number of ventilators and two-level positive air pressure (BiPAP) in Mawkyrwat.
Therefore, I urge everyone to unite against those who promote and protect the terrorist groups.
Shillong, Naitung 08: On Tuesday, July 5, 2013, Shri Raashid Alvi, Ex-MP Adviser, after reading thoroughly the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement of the Khasi States, The Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement (IOA & AA) signed and accepted by the Government of India and the 20 Khasi States in 17 August 1948.
In the past four years under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Dr Jitendra Singh has spoken about the government's commitment to the North East, especially in terms of its economic development.
He hoped that with the visit of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on Friday, it would be possible to provide it in a short period of time.
Sgillong, July 04: The World Environment Day was celebrated today at NEIGRIHMS by the Hospital Administration in collaboration with the Junior Chamber International (JCI) OPD of the hospital. Doctors and paramedics joined hands to celebrate the programme.
He said the PWD department wants to complete the construction of the Umling-Patharkhmah road as soon as possible. month.
The BSF estimated that the 36 cows were worth T.12 lakh.
This road has been taken urgently because according to the demands of the time due to the many thefts of this land.
Looking at the hard work of the BJP groups, leaders and volunteers in Meghalaya, it is certain that Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh will win this time and this time the BJP and the NDA will win. 400 members of the Legislative Assembly.
At the same time, he said that if the people take this farming industry as an industry introduced by the Department of Animal Husbandry, he said that there should be a market to manage them because as it is now. the state exports only live animals.
The union knows that there are DCs who have been in the districts beyond their term of office, but at present it does not want to mention this. At the same time, Bah Bhoi admitted that he knows about the MLAs who have demanded the removal of the DC from the Prime Minister. If the government does not listen to the demand of the union to appoint the DC first because his term of office has not expired.
Shillong, July 12: The Raj Bhavan in Tura, Garo Hills, which was inaugurated by the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan today, will be attended by the President of India, Droupadi Murmu. The 5th Meghalaya Games will start on 15th July
Such a meeting was held in Shillong in
The meeting was attended by the Co-Chairman, MSPB, Chairman, Secretary, Treasurer, Women's Leaders, Rangbah Shnong and others. A power point presentation was given by the officers of Mylliem Block on the various activities of the VECs in the Pomlakrai AEC. 2015-2016 – Rs 261 Lakh; and 2016-2017 – Rs 246 Lakh; The bill has been implemented for the construction of roads, village roads, cattle sheds, pig sheds, toilets. you have received this scheme.
This victory has led him to be selected to take part in the Kettlebell World Championships, 2024 which was held in Poland, Europe. one country.
Shillong, July 17: The Working Group-3 of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, which met on 17th Jan 2014, at 1 pm, in Committee Room-2 to discuss the shortage of staff in the departments. KHADC and JHADC are still collecting and preparing their requirements.
Police said the HYC is one of the members of COMSO which has admitted that it wants to protest against the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state.
The highest income expectation of farmers after their cultivation costs is for bajra (77%) followed by tur (59%), riewhadem (54%) and urad (52%).
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Minister in charge of Information and Broadcasting, Dr.M Amapreen Lyngdoh today called a meeting with the Ministry of Culture and Heritage and the Ministry of Tourism to discuss the election. The Cannes Film Festival will be held in France.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, in the past three days, more cases have been reported than those who have recovered.
The Civil Sub Division will look after 180 villages under the Rongjeng C&RD Block. In his speech, the Chief Minister expressed his satisfaction that the aspirations of the people have been fulfilled. Reuben Momin will be the first SDO of the new Civil Sub Division.
In the letter sent, it was alleged that there was a tortious work on the road.
According to the SP, so far there have been at least nine petrol bomb blasts across Shillong.
The MLA of the area said that they should fight against the changes of the present era in all aspects without forgetting their own culture.
Bah Lyngdoh and Secretary of the Village, Bah Pynshainlang Nongrang also took part in the event along with the people of the village.
Shillong, Nailur 12: Shillong Lajong FC today beat Langsning FC 3-0 in the first leg of the Gionee Shillong Premier League on Saturday. Lalrammuana, Isacc and Samuela scored for Shillong Lajong FC while Langsning FC scored for Langsning FC. Langsning FC in the first half had worked hard to score a goal, but with the strong fighting of the players of Lajong FC, they were able to prevent Langsning from scoring again.
On the other hand, Bah Lamboklang Mylliem MLA of the area said that the loss of houses will not exceed 100 houses and he has sent his people to inspect the damage. it is until now that they have not been able to tell.
On the other hand, Bah Boldness L Nongum, the owner of the house, together with his wife, have donated the land for the purpose of SBI to install the ATM. This place is not for the people.
This exemption from the regular GST payment which exempts every 2 months from the collection of tax.
The President urged the children and youth to learn at least one sport and to take part in sports activities.
Shillong, July 01: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today imposed a curfew around the villages of Moptphran. They are from the Mission Compound.
The Demdema Block is the second of the seven new blocks inaugurated by the Chief Minister out of the seven Block.
The Prime Minister said that the place where Chandrayaan 2 left its footprints will now be known as 'Tiranga'
The petition was requested for the shortage and delay in the working of Sub-Centres, Public Health Centers and Community Health Centers in Amlarem Sub-Division.
Meanwhile, in Assam, it will work in all parts of the state.
The Society has not received any assistance from government departments or any officials to assist in the construction and maintenance of the tourist attraction in the middle of the night.
He said that the reason why the Medical College has not been started yet is that at the time of preparation of the scheme the cost was T.189 crore and now the work has increased to T.243 crore.
The annual Behdieñkhlam Festival of the Seiñ Raij Jowai has ended with the participation of the children of the Seiñ Raij Jowai.
Shillong, March 25: The 26th death anniversary of the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Capt.
The Federation of Khasi States demands that the Government and District Councils should immediately issue these Acts in Khasi and Garo languages ​​for the benefit of the people.
Youths from Garo Hills came together to compete in these weight categories.
He began his education at Rangmaw RCLP School, completed his Novitiate at St. Louis Friary, Andhra Pradesh, Philosophy with a Bachelor Degree from St. Anthony's Friary, Bangalore, Karnataka and Theology at St. Louis Friary, Bangalore, Karnataka. Dharmaram College, Bangalore, Karnataka.
On the health sector, the Chief Minister said that there is a Universal Insurance Scheme which has allocated Rs 50,000 for the seriously ill and Rs 1.60 lakh for the seriously ill. He is the Chief Minister of North Garo Hills.
Minister Rangbah Duh said that we need to strengthen our efforts to find more talented people and guide them to success.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) recently held a protest at Jantar Mantar, New Delhi to demand the Central Government to approve the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP). Khasi and Garo in the Fifth District and to resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
He said that the District Council will plant herbal medicines in this area in collaboration with the Khasi medicine doctors to preserve the herbs.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: U RR Bhatnagar, IPS DG, CRPF today visited Meghalaya and stayed for two days in Shillong and talked to the CrPF police in the state.
The Red Ribbon Club and NSS, Sohra Government College, in collaboration with the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MACS) and the Regional Blood Centre, Pasteur Institute, Shillong, organized an Awareness-cum-Voluntary Blood Donation Camp. Sohra Government College Campus on the 11th of this month.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, saw the placard in front of the gate of the Legislative Assembly when he came to the Assembly even though he did not stand up to speak to the members. Ministers and MLAs who attended the session today saw the placards of these civil society organizations from Mawlai.
The incident happened near the residence of the ANVC(B) and their leader Rimpu Marak was also present at the time of the incident.
Shillong, November 28: KSU Laban Circle on Tuesday evening raided a shelter home at Kenches Trace Harrison Bridge after a video was circulated on social media. They used to drink and sell drugs in this shelter home and this shelter home has become a drug den.
There is no SFC in Meghalaya.
The party will write to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly to advocate for us who have the right to participate in such political activities and who have been empowered by the people who elected us to the Assembly.
He was born on
Shillong, Nailar 29: The members of the Futures Group International India Pvt. Ltd and Caritas India, on Malaria, and how to help and advise the people affected by this disease which is one of the most common diseases in India. they are terribly sick.
As soon as the traders saw the BSF troops, they fled and left behind their goods by taking advantage of the forest.
He started training in organic farming through the use of fertilizers such as eitmasi, vermicompost, and others.
The Commissioner and Secretary together with the BDO of Mylliem Block visited the village to explain to the village officials regarding the disease and to urge them not to have any fear. .
He has also completed his postgraduate studies at the Defense Services Staff College (DSSC).
The Congress leader said he should not be surprised if DD Lapang or Dr Mukul Sangma are not on the list because the Congress party accepts the decision of the majority and should accept it. .
Jowai, November 13: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) has lost confidence in the position of Ex Publicity & Information Secretary (JYF). Mr.Prowell P Phawa) who has received phone calls from him every time he wants to destroy the Seng by accusing 40 types of office bearers of the Seng with the intention of insulting them without any reason. In fact, the JYF has already suspended the ExPublicity & Information Secretary (JYF) to destroy the unity of the JYF. Mr. Prowell P Phawa) for violating the rules of indiscipline of the Seng, but after a few months the Disciplinary Committee (DC) accepted his apology as a person who may have Your mistake is that you don't think you'll change your mind.
Shillong, June 02: The Sordar of Raid Kongthong, Sohra Hima, Bah Kanol Majaw, has condemned the opposition of Bah Sylloklang Majaw according to reports published in the media last month to implement the development projects. Rajya Sabha MP Prof. Rakesh Sinha welcomed the visit of Kongthong.
“said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO.
The Chief Conservator of Wildlife, PR Marak, Secretary of the Committee, said that they have already held a meeting once and in this meeting they have agreed to look after the waters. how can you not paint shuwa.
At this meeting, the KSU expressed its opposition to the allowance of non-residents to enter the electoral roll through their own efforts. On the other hand, the KSU has also mentioned the CEO's statement to recruit about 1000 people in collaboration with political parties.
The Border Security Force (BSF) of India has immediately informed the higher authorities of the BGB. meeting between them today in Tamabil.
This shows that there is a stinginess on the part of the law enforcement agencies and if this happens it will encourage the drug dealers and traffickers in the area.
From Kuna he came to Shyllet and from here to Shillong, he retired from the army in
One of the speakers at the service, Rev. John Gibbons, recalled the words of the Jewish Rabbi, Reinhold Niebuhr who said that pastors now have to preach by holding the Bible in one hand. newspaper in another.
The State Fire Brigade has been able to extinguish the fire as the house is built of wood and has been built of wood for more than 100 years. the cause of the fire in this house.
Passengers from this road cover the entire Mawsynram area and the entire South West Khasi Hills District which covers the four MLA constituencies, Mawphlang, Mawsynram, Mawkyrwat and Ranikor.
In the first part, Dr. Anju Rathi Rana, Additional Secretary, Legal Affairs, explained the purpose of the Conference and the importance of these three laws which are a sign of freedom. from the persecution during the rule of the authorities and also the acceptance of an orderly, equal and in accordance with the needs of this distant country.
When the Police arrest forcibly without evidence, it can affect the mental health and long-term effects on that person," he said.
The topic of discussion at the summit will be on Media Regulation Policies.
To mark the 75th Anniversary of the college, many games such as drawing competitions, national seminars and many other events were held.
Durga Puja is the biggest festival of non-indigenous people in the state. It has now reached 125 years in this part of Meghalaya.
Surprisingly, according to the residents, the Local MLA has come twice to see and witness the bridge and has already surveyed the river for the construction. Jingkieng here and he promised to build it soon but until now there is no sign of it.
On this occasion, the Minister did this by distributing tree seedlings to those families who have land to plant and to plant them in public places which can be well maintained so that the tree seedlings will not be wasted.
The Chief Minister said that the Assam Legislative Assembly has also passed a resolution in its Legislative Assembly which is against the resolution passed by the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. .
All political party leaders, including BJP leaders, Bah Sanbor Shullai, Congress, UDP, PDF, NCP and prominent leaders of Shillong.
The Muduki road will pass through Balakhawa, Burnongshai, Hawla to Baklapara, while the Jimirgoan road will pass through Lyngkhung, Baklapara and Jimirgaon.
During the landslide that lasted from July 14 to 19, 2023, it was also witnessed that a truck was stuck in the middle of a handful that spilled in the middle of the road with large stones.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Commissioner Secretary J Lyngdoh said the government will spend on the treatment of Das.
According to the proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule, there is a proposal to increase the number of seats from 30 to 40 and in this the Chief Executive Members will participate.
Shillong, June 27: The Environment Cell of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow and anger over the 67th Battalion of CRPF and the Shillong Municipal Board which has narrowed the road of Wah Umkhrah. It is the largest and most important river in Shillong.
(They) understand that we are here not only to say how much we will get but also how much we will give.
The KSU has strongly opposed this and demanded that NEHU should find ways and means to conduct the entrance test in any way and also for those who wish to continue their studies at NEHU. They still have the opportunity to continue their studies abroad or not. Please study abroad during this time of crisis during the outbreak of covid-1
The President said that the right to receive and the right to do is like a coin with two sides but the same coin, the Constitution has given the freedom to At the same time, she directed the people to take care of the property of the government and avoid disturbances.
In the absence of space, which is the case in most of the urban schools, they were advised to use pots and planters.
Referring to the contest, he said nothing can be said because the BJP is a national party and whatever is decided by Delhi.
Speaking to the judges, he said, “The MBA, BFI and the sports department have worked together as a team to make this tournament a success.
Prestone said that the people of Meghalaya should judge and see the true color of him in this regard regarding the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit .
There are 226 recoveries today, 88 from East Khasi Hills and 50 from West Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to 74,750 so far. sun.
On the same day, the EC has appointed Bah Herman Nongrum, a retired judge, as the interim President until the General Council.
Referring to the CAB, the Prime Minister said it was clear from the first day that the government had expressed its opposition to the CAB. without consulting the states and there will be many misunderstandings.
The CEM of KHADC visited Majai after 44 foreigners who were trading in Majai, forced the District Council to issue Trading License by tied the door of the Trading License. Meghalaya High Court for renewal of expired licences.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The floods in Garo Hills have claimed the lives of several people, two children and one mother.
If there is no candidate, anyone who wants to join and apply for a ticket can do so and we will not have any restriction on the same," he added.
According to sources, the Assam police have also entered the villages especially Umsawli village and the Meghalaya police have also entered the villages. this village to restore peace.
Bank consolidation could also be initiated to promote banking activities.
If the time comes for one political party to emerge, KHNAM is ready to work together, but for now KHNAM will continue to fulfill its deity and look forward to the day of unity. , said Bah F.Marpna, General Secretary of KHNAM in a statement.
If it doesn’t, it means that this organization is simply not there for someone’s benefit.
Speaking to media, the leader of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, said that the party is committed to ensure that the state will have adequate rulers in the state and a clean and transparent governance. The party has decided to conduct a public awareness campaign to educate them on how to act and how to base their elections.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) has announced its affiliation with Khatsawphra College Mairang.
However, this time the government has taken this decision which is contrary to what it has already decided,” he said.
The chief guest on the occasion was Samla Ohibait Dkhar, Executive Member.
Police said that the drugs were seized in the presence of witnesses and the total weight of the drugs was 120.475 kilos.
“Even if they are in the opposition, what is needed is for them to fight for the people so that the government can work well for the welfare of the people,” said CLP leader Ronnie V Lyngdoh. who came to witness the inauguration of the new government.
On the other hand, the Seng will never allow such acts of violence by the government against its fellow citizens of the land of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
On the other hand, Dr Mukul said that this news is only an insult.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today convened a meeting of all three district councils in the state to discuss the issue of Assam and Meghalaya. The AD Rule, especially Rule 128, which allows non-residents to take part in the MDC Election.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Government of Meghalaya today issued a notice to create a new block in West Khasi Hills District known as the Ri-Muliang C&RD Block which will come into force from today. open it.
The State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) team was led by PH Khongsngi, Commandant, SDRF and B Sahkhar, 2nd in Command, SDRF. .
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club today, Kwilnis S Suchiang President of KSU Narpuh in the presence of other members of the KSU, said that they are not against the development works, but They objected that the land acquisition by the dewbilat company is too close to the Lumar and Lukha rivers.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The parents of the students who have been selected to study medicine by the state government have decided to meet the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma tomorrow morning. He asked for an explanation on the refusal of the Assam government to admit these Meghalaya students to the Medical Colleges in Assam.
Referring to the report, the Minister of State for Petroleum, Natural Gas and Employment during his visit to Meghalaya on 12th November 2022 said that he wants Meghalaya to have on the Map there is no railway line.
The roster system has also included persons with disabilities known as pwds, as well as sports persons in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: BSF troops on Tuesday morning opened fire on a truck at Mawshun village in Rum Pyrursla. year he died.
On this occasion, KAS welcomed 17 new writers from Jaintia, Ribhoi, West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills and Eastern West Khasi Hills. , college faculty and working in a variety of fields.
Speaking to the newly recruited soldiers, the Commandant urged them to have the spirit of serving the country, and said how this unit has gone to the truth. cri to the Ri.
Interestingly, the land for the construction of the four-room house was donated by Kong Streamlet Kharbhih.
If the temperature does not drop, you have to retest.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: U Bah Commander Shangpliang, President of the Meghalaya Film Makers Association, today launched the film “Ki Ummat” produced by Kharsyntiew Production. 2018 which will be released from 19th November 2021 at Biju.
“We collect contributions from our members as much as we can.
After the meeting with the EM in charge of Land Affairs, Bah Kitboklang Lyngdoh, Vice President of the party, said that the meeting with Bah Chyne today was to demand that the KHADC should implement the project. As it is now, if the people need money to build houses, they have to register with the government at a reasonable price. The same law will be implemented because if you register with the District Council, the price is lower.
The time will be from 5.00 pm to 7.00 pm.
On the other hand, the EM who is also the MDC of the area said that the Sohra area as a whole is very careful in setting up the houses, which can be done only by the villagers who own the land. .
The Chief Minister said that the government has accepted that the education department is one of the government departments to develop the state and within this it includes the agriculture department as well as the health department. They are like the cornerstones for the development of the state.
At the same time, he asked whether it is safe to go to that place as citizens, the KHADC will work with the government on how to do this.
For the first time, youths from Meghalaya have taken part in the Bungy Jump, a 228 meter high jump in Kushma, Nepal. the length of the night.
The Prime Minister said that other political parties are trying to divide the people in the name of the language, while the government is making the language a strong source of employment.
He said that the previous governments had lost their sense of belonging to the North East because there was a feeling that it was too far from other parts of the country.
Prestone said it would be better if the people decide for themselves and send the letter to the government but if it is not in this form, a team of officers will have to be sent to conduct the meeting. Public hearing to hear the voice of the people as he learned that many of the people want to join the Pynursla CSD and he learned that this decision was taken only by a few people. rangbah without asking for the feelings or wishes of the people.
The Sports Department of the Government provides assistance to those youths who have talent and to promote them to higher levels to excel in sports, but the aid cannot cover everything because there is a shortage of funds.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Metbah said it is gratifying that many people have expressed their desire to contest the MP election from the UDP but the party has not yet accepted any nomination. decide.
The political office of HANM has felt that it is time to raise awareness among the people and this statement of HANM is part of the public awareness campaign to raise awareness among the people of the jaidbynriew, he said. and Kharbani.
The injured were from Agartala, a group of 16 people and took three rooms. The injured were shocked when the fire broke out.
On the other hand, the civil society organizations are also concerned about this and will demand, at the same time the government is also very concerned about this issue and will bring about this discussion and through this discussion will bring about “It's the best way to prevent the influx of foreigners,” he said.
In fact, he (Henry Lalremsanga) should have sent a legal notice to the Prime Minister,” he said.
It is surprising that in this incident no one survived, not even one of those who went with him.
Shillong, Lber 01: The Congress Legislative Party (CPP) will hold a meeting today evening to elect its leader to form a new government in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 05: When we look at the rural areas of Meghalaya, there are still many houses covered with Traw in the rural areas of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Bah Pyniaid said that after the EC has seen the conflict and seen that there are some indications of the conflict, they will send it back to the advisory committee.
In connection with this incident, police have arrested Bah Trophius Nongbri and the investigation is ongoing.
He said that his daughter-in-law used to go to school as usual and came home after school but what surprised the family was that Phibankyntiew had disappeared. I went home without knowing the reasons.
The appointment of these four persons is to ensure that the Congress party in the state which is in power will be strong as it has been in the past and this is also to run smoothly. The party's role in the upcoming MLA elections in Meghalaya.
The ANTF Police of East Jaintia Hills District, on conducting a search operation on the National Highway-06 at Nongsning village, have seized a Night Super Bus (AS01-LC-6 one from Aizawl, Mizoram.
The driver of the government vehicle was found near Khera with injuries and was taken to Guwahati for treatment. Abul Hussain of Nayapara, Goalpara, Assam.
In fact, the farmers should have benefited from this irrigation dam. There are many rice fields inside the dam, but when you look at this dam, it is a waste of money. The party questions why the money of the people and the government has been wasted.
The Single Window Agency allows factories to take up more land by issuing an order through the Revenue Department.
Ranee is currently the Vice President of the National Kickboxing Federation of India (NKFI) and Umakanata Singh is the Working President of NEAKO. The tournament will be held on the second day of November 2014 in Shillong under the auspices of the Meghalaya Kickboxing Association.
The National People's Party (NPP), which has joined hands with the Indian National Congress (INC), to seize power from the United Democratic Party (UDP) on July 19, 2023, has formed a new group. The Khasi Hills Democratic Front (KDF) will lead the new Executive Committee in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
I think many of you have seen it on the internet.
On the morning of 30th March 2019, the Seng, under the leadership of the President of Upper Shillong Circle, Samla Shngain Sohkhlet, immediately went to the scene to inquire about the documents of these foreigners. .
During the meeting, many issues were discussed for the early completion of this road and it was directed that in some villages, the NHAI should build footpaths for the passage of pedestrians. person.
Nassar said the MMOEA has raised a question to the government, after many years of ban on coal, why it has not formulated a ban policy so that the people can follow those policies which the government has banned. What is the purpose of the government behind asking the land owners to hand over their land to the MMDC to mine coal where the land owners will receive only commission?
The reason for the postponement of the two-day training for the new MLAs is that many of the MLAs have requested to postpone the training as they are busy campaigning for the mid-term elections in Ampati. which will be held on the 28th of this month.
Police have arrested both the suspects and a complaint has been registered at Khliehriat Police Station.
He recommended that if possible, a general supply of vaccines should be avoided.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: U Bah Ferdinand Lyngdoh, President of the Meghalaya Deft Association, together with other organizations with disabilities, today held a petition to demand the government. to provide transportation for those with disabilities.
Even after the HYC has intensified the ILP protests with various protests, the government has not called for talks and does not believe in the protests of the youth who demand the right to protect themselves from the ILP. The involvement of the authorities of the country is a great threat to the entire nation.
It is on this occasion that the party calls upon all the civil society organizations to take action on this issue because it is clear from the actions of the government that there is something behind it.
The meeting also discussed the issue of COVID-19 testing, the Chief Minister said that there is still a need to test the people entering the state to ensure the safety of the people. village of the state.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr K.Kharnaior, Incharge of the CHC, said that it is the first CHC in the State to provide services to the poor women especially those who need to be treated. .
The rally started at 7 pm today.
The festival was organized in collaboration with the Ministry of Agriculture and the Shangsuwari Department. The Ministry of Agriculture has encouraged the people to plant this vegetable in the state on a large scale.
The Prime Minister hopes that this issue can be resolved by mutual understanding.
The construction of the new airport at Itanagar will improve transportation facilities and pave the way for economic development and tourism in the area.
The French Consul General also received an explanation from the Lyngdoh of Mawphlang Hima who explained in detail about the Khadar rule and justice within the Mawphlang Hima. He said that the rituals in the forest have been stopped since the 1960s but now there is a ritual on the top of the hill near this holy place.
In an interview with a media outlet on May 2, 2017, he spoke about the key issues of GST that persist till date.
Regarding the conduct of the election, the returning officers will look after and they have to follow the rules laid down by the government to avoid the spread of COVID-1
Ricky Marwein was abducted by armed men from his house in Umsur on the 8th of this month at midnight in South West Khasi Hills District. these are the sources of power.
" said Mr. Kular.
Should MR listen and respect the opinions of the BJP and RSS for vote bank politics?
Pynshai Lathong won the Best Goal-keeper award while Jemingson Ryngkhlem won the Best Goal-keeper award.
After receiving permission from the PWD, the village has approached the Block authorities to request for assistance from the government through the NERGS scheme. 2017 and until now and the work has been completed halfway there has been no complaint from the PWD, but suddenly it was said that it should be stopped.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah W.Sna, Tynmen Basan of the church in Mupliang, said that he received information that the church collapsed at 2:30 pm. who lived near the house of worship.
Kaspar Thabah was confirmed as President, Phlandar Marwein as Secretary and other officials including members of the Executive Committee from each village of the area.
Dr. Mawthoh said.
He said that it is useless to celebrate this day if we don't follow in his footsteps and to follow in his footsteps is that if you are in any field of work to fulfill your duty properly. was appointed.
Carrying offensive weapons is prohibited and this order does not prohibit the Police on duty.
Answering a question whether she will contest the MDC election, she said that she wants to contest the election, but it is up to the party to decide alone.
Shillong, Iaiong 27: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that no new case of COVID-19 has been tested positive in the state.
However, the landowners especially from the Warsan Lyngdoh area have sent a letter to the state government to oppose the government's proposal and followed the landowners who are the kurs from Lyngngam area.
Shillong, Lber 19: U Bah S Rynjah Additional SP in charge of Traffic, East Khasi Hills, on Tuesday said that the police will now arrest those who drive vehicles by speeding. .
Shillong, July 19: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on his visit to the NH-6 in East Jaintia Hills, met with the truck drivers who were trapped in the landslide. which has been two days now.
The government should extend such a warning to the entire state and the states of the North East as insurgency affects everyone in the region.
The Minister said the government has improved the health facilities and has also allocated T.25 lakh to the MLAs through the SRWP and SUWP to assist the people in this crisis.
Congress leaders who signed the letter to Sonia Gandhi, which includes the name of MP Vincent H Pala, said that after the letter, the AICC president said: Dr DD Lapang has been appointed as the Acting President of the MPCC.
New Delhi, July 16: Defense and Cooperation Minister Amit Shah today chaired a meeting in New Delhi to review the security situation in Jammu and Kashmir.
Since 2018, when he assumed office as Minister of State, he has talked to farmers' organizations and farmers together with the office of the Ministry of Agriculture. it is during the lockdown that they receive the census of agriculture.
Shillong, July 07: The family members of a 16-year-old girl have lodged a complaint with the Mairang Police Station that Dilbor Husian has abducted her from Mawroid village. Mairang Police Station, West Khasi Hills District.
At present, the media is essential in shaping the minds of the people with writings whether they are news, opinions and others, but the central theme of journalism is long to serve the people where the writings should be neutral without any bias.
Shillong, Jymmang: The Office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today said that the Government of India has given time to the State Government to immediately provide the Aadhaars of the poor mothers and children. receive a Special Nutrition Programme.
Former President of the HYC, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, said this at the confirmation meeting of the new leaders and members of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the HYC held today at the Community Hall, Jaiaw Lumpyllon.
Speaking at the meeting, the management of the company explained the intention of Meghalaya Cement Ltd (Topcem) to expand the Cement Clinkerisation Plant from 2600 TPA (0.858 million MPTA) to 4500 TDP (1.485 million TPD). 10MW CPP and 9.5 MW WHRS, at Thangskai and explained the aspects of the project.
According to RTI received on 23/8/2021 and 1/10/2021, the MCH & FW has replied that on the issue of Covid vaccination, residents have the right to vaccination. approval is not accepted.
Martamlin recalled that when he took over as Rangbah Shnong, this village was the center of some people who sat in the lat and this put the leaders in danger and to remove. They had to sit together and soon these children disappeared.
After the announcement of the free ticket at 2:00 pm, along the National Highway near the pond at Pamphyrnai, the There was a traffic jam which lasted for several hours until the arrest of the residents.
The Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act, 2016 also has shortcomings which need to be addressed.
“Besides the investigation, the union will also try to talk and cooperate with these youths and their relatives to find ways to place them in hospitals. “It is to ensure that the youth of the nation have access to health services and are free from drug addiction,” he said.
He said that the dorbar of the Hima Mylliem today is to revive the deceased and all the Hima should hold a Hima dorbar.
In Meghalaya, the KSU, which is part of NESO, has conducted this campaign to post these slogans on walls around Shillong and also in the headquarters of the districts in the Khasi Hills, especially in the city of Shillong.
So far, 2287 people have been tested negative, 2178 have tested negative and 96 are awaiting results.
On the opposition side, MLAs Metbah Lyngdoh, Dr Jemino Mawthoh from the UDP and Bah D Jyndiang from the HSPDP were also present. Meghalaya, army chiefs and family members and friends of the new Governor.
Similarly, in Australia, uranium is mined only in areas inhabited by indigenous peoples known as Aboriginals.
Shillong, Lber 04: U Gream Revile N Marak, Forester-I, in charge of Garobadha Forest Beat Office in Sotuh West Garo Hills District, has been shot dead by the driver of a pickup truck. of forest government.
Mallikarjun Kharge, on the other hand, said that the BJP-led government has tied the hands and feet of the Congress party so that it cannot move anymore.
The storm which came with the rain which lasted for several hours has swept away the tins of houses and also destroyed the trees and electricity posts.
These children could not be adopted because the court had not yet ruled.
Shillong, July 17: The Single Window Agency (SAA) today approved the establishment of 15 factories in Meghalaya, mostly in Ri Bhoi District, said the Chief Minister. He is also the Minister of Commerce and Industry of the State Government.
The man took the weapon and put it inside his house.
Bah John said it has been a long time but the delay is not because they have stopped their struggle but for many reasons.
The Union Minister said that the NEP 2020 is a way to bring about changes in the education sector in the country and that this will have an impact on all the rural areas as well.
The incident happened on the night of the 5th and they were released on the 9th morning.
In Diengiei village, a driver of a vehicle has died and the driver of the vehicle has been traveling around the village. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has sent samples from 23 people and all of them are negative.
Azadi The Amrit Mahotsav is a nationwide program that focuses on people's participation.
Furthermore, the KSU invites all the political parties like FKJGP, HNYF, RBYF, AJYWO, SSSS, KWWADA and others to take part in this event. session.
Viswakarma Open University for Self-Employment, Rozgar Sewasadan, 672, Sanjay Enclave, Opp.
On the other hand, Dr Ampareen expressed her concern over the lack of network in the state and the Minister urged to increase the number of towers especially from BSNL and BSNL. private sector companies as well.
It is a fact that he cannot be separated from the Governor and Tathagata Roy.
Shillong, March 31: BSF troops at Dulai Nala in East Khasi Hills District have seized a large quantity of drugs from a bike on the border with Bangladesh. from these two men.
The girl confessed that she got to know one of the four through PubG and in November, 2024, her friend invited her to his house and trusted her. The friend's friend went to his house without any evil thought.
The office bearers were confirmed at the General Council of the UDP held on Saturday at the party headquarters in Shillong.
The Chief Minister was speaking at the 5th Anniversary Celebration of North Garo Hills District held at Resubelpara.
On the other hand, the KSU said that it cannot be said that this time the children of thousands will not have the opportunity to witness this ritual by Tymmen u San or even the Rang Kynsai and Thei Nylla. to take part in the Shad ka kmen due to the spread of Covid-1
He said that the party and five Dorbar Shnongs have also submitted a petition to the Social Welfare Department to demand that the Government should open a Rehabilitation Center in Mawkyrwat due to the lack of youth. Most of those who have been addicted to drugs come from poor families so that they can be brought back to a new life.
People diagnosed with this disease through screening will be given access to treatment and medicines, will also receive vaccines for other diseases and will receive support to receive treatment. and they shall have fellowship.
The HYC questions whether such a law will help us.
Out of these 14 million, if only 3 million come to Meghalaya, the Khasi who have only 1 million will be overwhelmed and this will affect the culture, the right to inheritance, the rule of law, the income and as a nation. rit paid can be lost slowly.
In his speech, RD Singh, Vice President, RNB Cements said that this will be an inspiration to all the factories in the North East to have forests.
Those who have AAY cards will receive 12 kilos of rice per card and those who have PHH cards will receive 2 kilos per head at the price of 3 tyngka per kilo.
The preparation for the division of MDC constituencies in all three District Councils will be necessary as the elections to the District Councils of the state will be held in
Speaking to media, Bah Sanbor Shullai, Chairman of MTDC, said that the allocation for the construction of the quarter with the multiple parking lot has been allocated at a cost of T.4, 72,8000 lakh which is the construction of 2 units in 6 units which is the LS Quarter RCC building which is G+2 floor and the time is within 24 months to accommodate about 20 households.
These reports are unfounded and untrue.
The union also urged the KHADC to register the land of the indigenous people living on the border with Assam so that it will not be a protection of the land under the jurisdiction of the KHADC. The KHADC, through the Land and Revenue Department, should set up its offices in the border areas with Assam, so that the residents of the border areas will be encouraged to register their land with the KHADC. The KHADC should immediately inspect and set up the exact boundaries on those land which belongs to the Council.
The Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, also cast his vote for the MDC election to the GHADC.
Police alleged that the three were recruiting members and raising money and to spread the activities of the party in 2023 they went to Bangladesh for training.
We should have the great goal of making the society full of educated people.
He spoke on principles and as a former Speaker of the Lok Sabha, his name will always be remembered.
Shillong, March 19: The Ranikor Block Congress Committee (RBCC) has held a meeting at Panchiring 'B' village to discuss the MDC election to the Legislative Assembly. The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be held in
Referring to the mantra 'dawaibhi-kadaibhi', the Prime Minister has stressed the need to provide information on lifestyles to prevent the spread of COVID-1 Dr Aman War today said that 42 cases have been tested positive for COVID-19 in the state, 34 in East Khasi Hills, 3 in West Garo Hills, 02 in Ri Bhoi District, 2 in West Jaintia Hills and 1 in East Jaintia Hills.
He said that incidents related to insurgents have decreased because in the last five years more than 8900 members of insurgent groups have surrendered and re-entered the society. a message to the whole country that there is a close relationship between peace and prosperity and without these, no state can develop.
In a statement sent by the police, they admitted that these two men are members of the HYC from Nongthymmai and confessed to the police that they were involved in the arson.
At this public meeting, Prestone said that the people should accept the development works and should not be misled by some people who want to destroy the image. To create Meghalaya, all the ethnic groups in the state have worked together and we will get this state as it is now.
These actions of the government make the youth of the nation angry and want to incite the youth of the nation to commit unfounded crimes.
Na Rympei FC won a cash prize of 60,000 tyngka and a trophy, while Tanaw FC won 30,000 tyngka and a trophy.
Replying to the allegation, the opposition leader said that Dr Mukul Sangma knows better because the dissolution of the House was accepted in the previous government. Against anyone else, the demand for the resignation of the Minister of PWD Building is a common statement in the world.
A total of 288 students received the awards.
At the time of writing, no information has been received that there has been any tragic incident.
Shillong, November 18: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union Minister for Defense and Cooperation Shri Amit Shah attended the Golden Jubilee Celebration of the North-East Council in Shillong, Meghalaya. today.
Through this meeting, they suggested to the government that in the second state there should be no confusion. Meghalaya and Assam are still in India and they should create ways and means to reconcile.
Prime Minister DuhTobgayu praised the leadership of Prime Minister Duh Modi for the past 40 years and congratulated him on his third term.
Furthermore, the participation of several designers from the region and northern Punjab enriched the fest.
Shillong, July 28: A Sumo and a Maruti Van collided at Kreit village on the road to Mawngap at around 3 pm today.
Speaking to reporters , the Minister of Education said that after the meeting on Friday , it will be possible to say whether any decision will be taken on that day they will issue instructions to all after the meeting.
In this attack, the rebels stood up against their government.
On the other hand, the BSF has been closely monitoring the incident in Garo Hills and is ready to stop any incident in Garo Hills.
The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) Meghalaya on Friday demanded the immediate suspension of the post of Assistant Teachers in Government Lower Primary Schools in Dadenggre Subdivision, West Garo Hills District. there is irregularity in the appointment process.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, said that the purpose of the exhibition is to preserve the traditional recipes and this will bring closer the ethnic groups in the region. .
“The State Government has a goal to ensure that the athletes of the State will be able to participate in the Olympics in the next few years.
The Municipal and the Fire Department will take an estimate of the damage. The village will also hold a meeting this morning and at 4.00 pm they will meet with the Prime Minister. the state on this incident.
He said that he used to call Asht Lakshmi to the eight states of the North East from time to time. Peace, Electricity, Tourism, 5G, Culture, Traditional Agriculture, Sports, and Opportunities in the Area.
The number of cases by district is East Khasi Hills 460, BSF 272 cases, 165 civilians and 23 cases from other armed forces.
The HPF wants to see that this demarcation process will be completed and not just to meet with the Prime Minister. confirmed by the President of the Association.
He said that this evil worship has manifested itself in many ways such as walking around, destroying cemeteries, destroying holy signs and churches and writings by young women. and men especially at midnight.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Titosstarwell Chyne, said that the Council has decided that there should be no kilo cut of rice and the law should be followed. The Hima Mylliem will be elected in
Shillong, July 09: A suspected Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) today abducted Biplop Dhar while he was on his way to Dumnikura market at 9.30 am on Tuesday. good morning.
With this entry of Bah Hima, whom the people of the area have called ieit, will strengthen the Congress party in Mawsynram Constituency.
Her dedication to teaching, to the development of the Department and especially to the introduction of Literary Criticism,” said Prof. Streamlet.
Since 2017, he has been working as a developer at Bordosila Farmer Producer Company Limited.
At this meeting they discussed how to strengthen the party and at this meeting they decided that Bah Sunshine Makri should join the party UDP this is the voice of the UCPF. Bah RB Shadap was present in the presence of Bah Sunshine Makri, Bah Pateng Marsing President of the Youth Wing, other leading office bearers of the Forum and relatives of Bah Sunshine Makri.
The complaint said that the company has not informed the customers of Reliance's users and has affected all their activities.
The CEM of KHADC visited the area following a complaint against the Syiem of Jirang Hima, Pa'im RH Wahlang from the Wahlang Phra Kpoh clan. in relation to the sale of land.
The Cabinet also approved the amendment to the Meghalaya Medical Council Act 1987, as previously known there was a Medical Council of India (MCI) but in the MMC Act 1987 the word MCI still exists but now it has been replaced by The National Medical Commission (NMC) instead of the MCI is why this has to be amended and brought in the form of an ordinance.
Answering additional questions, he said that the state census is always due to the fact that some of them are still free and some of them have been detained.
Shillong, Nailur 23: Mitelda Sun, fondly known as Lud-Ieid, passed away today at her residence in Mawshaton Marbisu.
He said that in this age to have a mobile phone is available and mobile operating companies should do what is necessary in Garo Hills.
Out of this 5.14 lakh, he claimed to have paid 70,000 and 81,000 tyngka to the Office (Ex.
After the PDM disappeared, he joined the Congress, then the BJP and now he has joined the NPP. Shillong, November 15: The two-day National Convention of the People's Democratic Party (NPP) has started in Shillong today. The Meghalaya Community Participation and Public Grievances Social Audit Act, 2017, is the first law in India that the public has the right to inquire and receive information regarding the work of the Government. development that the government does in the villages.
Besides the money, the complaint said that these people took the check from him and released him at about 4.00 pm.
On the other hand, the Joint Director asked for time to clarify by next month on many aspects of this section which includes the provision of health care in schools and the introduction of Aadhaar to the students.
The office sends its condolences to the family members.
At this social meeting, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare said that for the first time 464 ambulances will be operated in the state.
Shillong, Lber 13: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad Conrad K Sangma today met with the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi in Delhi. Continue to support Meghalaya in its development.
On the peace and stability issue, the RDA said it is necessary to open the way for peace talks between the Government and the HNLC or other rebel groups in the state.
The HNYF has urged the MDA 2 Government to take immediate action on this issue and not to remain silent.
Regarding the border, he said that there are areas in the middle of the dispute between Meghalaya and Assam, but these areas are in the middle of the dispute. The Chief Secretaries of the two states have been empowered to resolve the issue to bring about a lasting solution.
The Chief Minister said that schools were previously run by District Councils, but now the Central Government and the State Government have taken action to improve education in the state. but now is the time to improve the teaching methods in schools.
Swami Samachittanandaji Maharaj, President of Ramakrishna Mission, Singapore, delivered a speech on the importance of religion, human relations, education and culture in the lives of people. people.
As the citizens of the country, we have upheld this democracy inherited by the freedom fighters.
“The JSM sees that the Government College is urgently needed in the district because the youth who are pursuing higher education are in the middle of the country. Many of the students of the district have had to drop out of school part-time due to the lack of willingness to continue their education outside the district due to the lack of ability of parents to support their children. to continue their education in colleges in the State or outside the State.
The Prime Minister said that they have discussed the border issue, the incidents and how to take measures to ensure that there will be no more tragic incidents during the bus season. and there shall be peace in the land.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Advocate General of Meghalaya today said that the Chairman of NGT has said that the coal should not be imported because it is an illegal imported commodity. ).
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pynshngaiñ Syiem said that he has purchased this truck to carry garbage from the houses of the residents of Lumshyiap after the village leaders asked him for help. because the old car can no longer be operated after being around 11 years old.
The Saindur Enviro team today held several meetings to raise awareness among the people on the damage to the environment by the use of plastic bags.
On the other hand, the East Jaintia Hills District Police have distributed food items to the tourists who have been stranded in the area. you bag in Umkiang.
The KSU in the petition has alleged that some BSF troops have attacked even the school children from Huroi village. don't be afraid.
Shillong, July 05: The Federation of Shillong Hotels (F Shillong Hotels) in a meeting with the Asst Commissioner – Food Safety, Government of Meghalaya has decided to clean up their hotels and food outlets tomorrow morning. a symbol of preserving the environment.
Regarding the Police Out Post at Mawlai Mawroh, Mawtawar Road, it will start working immediately while the Police Station will be repaired, he said.
PSUs operating in the oil industry have suffered losses so that people do not have to suffer the increase in oil and natural gas by other countries.
The Minister of Home Affairs said that now is the time for the official language to become an important part of the unification of the country. Hindi should be the language of India and should be accepted instead of English as the language of any place. they shall not be lifted up.
According to an interview with Rgh Teibor Roy Khonglam, a member of the Sengbah, the Nongshat Nongkhein Sengbah was founded on the 21st November In 1983, the Sengbah took the initiative to hold its first Thanksgiving.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by the National People's Party (NPP) and the People's Democratic Front (PDF) have been one of the parties. The Parliamentary Party of the party has met tonight to discuss the relationship between the government and the PDF. He said that if the NPP withdraws its support from the EC led by the PDF in KHADC , the PDF will withdraw its support from the MDA government which has four MLAs and two MLAs cabinet ministers.
However, if the CAB is brought back, if there is a change at that time, they will see whether they will oppose or accept it. But if it is the same as it is now, the NPP has made it clear that it will oppose the CAB. Answering a question on the formation of the government in Delhi, the Prime Minister said that the task of choosing whom to appoint in the Cabinet is up to the Prime Minister. Narendra Modi.
Therefore, the Khasi leaders at that time were praised for their vision to fight for the state until victory.
He said that don't find peace in drinking alcohol and drugs which are the destroyers of human life.
He said that the tender for the supply of lyer shet and lyer for use in CNG vehicles will cost up to T.3000/- crore. tender.
He urged the people not to have any concerns regarding the oxygen supply as the state is still sufficiently supplied with oxygen cylinders.
The Government has set up the Directorate of Infiltration, besides the existing laws like the Foreigner Act, Migrant Labor Act and others, the Government has brought together all these to curb the influx of people into the state. .
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed one new case of COVID-19 positive in East Khasi Hills District. There are 92231 cases in the state.
The three political parties on Tuesday demanded that the NPP-led MDA Government should urge the Central Government to fully exempt Meghalaya from the provisions of the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, and Citizen (Amendment) Rules, 2024 and to immediately implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) to curb the entry of foreigners into the state.
Shillong, Nailar 05: The Minister in charge of Municipal Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling today convened an emergency meeting with the heads of the municipal department and ordered to withdraw the order to collect The farmers who came to sell jhur at Anjalee Parking Lot.
The 25-day suspension for the inspection of water or food is due to the fact that the inspection site is currently undergoing repairs.
On this occasion, the Shillong Press Club also held a meeting to express its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of one of the greatest journalists in the field of journalism, Bah Lambok Thabah. Many of the members of the SPC expressed their experiences and experiences in working in this field.
The BSF troops have seized the vehicle and arrested the driver of the vehicle for failing to produce the documents to prove that the sugar will be sold in the village market. The seized shini was handed over to the police for further investigation.
In this regard, they visited Domiasiat area on the permission they received from the Sordar of Mawthabah Village which was given to the AMD on 04th June
“I would like to say to all the leaders whether they are MLAs or MDCs, they should show by their actions when they win the elections and not just by talking about the elections. “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything,” said Kedious.
Speaking to reporters, the member of the commission said that from the talks with these contractors to clean the streets and roads in Shillong, he found that that their salary is only T.3000/- per month and they don't get it exactly every month.
The hockey players of Meghalaya have won a silver medal at the 27th North East Games held in Manipur last month. The Meghalaya State Hockey Association (MSHA) has honored these players at a function held at the Don Bosco Youth Centre.
The KSU said that it has received information that there has been a registration of foreigners to enter the district but the KSU has said that it will not allow this attempt in the area and we will not allow them to enter the district. is located in Mawsynram Block.
The announcement of the victory of Bah Vincent from the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency was made at 8.35 pm. in the two constituencies of Pynursla and Nongkrem.
The 66th National Sample Survey has confirmed that MGNREGA has reduced the wage gap between women and men.
We will continue to monitor this matter closely," he said.
Mynjurlangka is the producer of shynrai.
The CEM said that according to the soskular, it is clear that the district council should receive light, damage assistance and others.
“The DFO has requested time to inspect and remove the illegal immigrants,” the statement said.
Shillong, Lber 10: A group of bank employees from various banks recognized by the government under the banner of the United Forum of Bank Unions today staged a strike across the country. to oppose the Central Government's plan to hand over the banks reported by the Government to private companies.
Dr Lyngdoh said that leaders come and go but the party Congress will continue. He said that the message he wants to send to all the workers of the Congress party is that the party will continue to work hard to elected MDC and MP in
it means a kind of bthing that doesn't set or stop something.
On the other hand, the Union Minister also congratulated the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on being awarded the title.
The donations were handed over by Samla Vincent Makri, General Secretary of the KSU to the Rangbah Shnong of Nonglum, BahM Mawlong. Samla Augustar Nongbri, Finance Secretary, Raymond Jana, General Secretary, Umsning Circle, Samla Sam Mukhim, General Secretary, NKHD and others.
On the part of the DC WJHD, he acknowledged that there has been a problem to resolve these problems since ancient times and it is up to the state government to stop such problems from time to time.
Without hesitation, Bah Ronnie, Director, Don Bosco Youth Center and Managing Director of Don Bosco Youth Centre, has spent his physical and mental strength. to develop the talents of the youth in all fields.
On the same day, the Prime Minister also distributed T.1.4 crore to 44 villages which have women's working groups.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Diengpasoh Unit on Saturday 12th of this month under the leadership of the President of the Unit Agnes Kharsati held a cleaning drive at the site. President of Mawryngkneng Tourism Promotion Society, Bah Wanlambok Kharsati.
“We are waiting for a good and strong bridge in this river because the honorable MLA has already promised us to build a bridge in this river,” said a Longkmie with her son. walk along the road to the Wah.
Alfondbirth Kharsyntiew General Secretary of the HFU explained that the Dorbar was organized by the HFU and said that the purpose of the Dorbar is to It is to listen and hear the voice of the farmers of the state as a whole because there has been no one to help hear the voice of the farmers.
At this meeting, Bah MS Lhuid said that the purpose of the meeting was to maintain peace and order in the district in collaboration with the village authorities and the District Administration. he shall dwell in peace.
He thanked his family members , friends who have always encouraged and supported him and said that he has been able to reach this level through his hard work , urged other youngsters to work hard to achieve their goals.
The Minister said that NEIAH could become a center for research on Ayurveda and traditional medicine in South East Asia.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: U Bah John F Kharshiing, General Secretary, MPCC, congratulated Grace Kharpuri, MDC and Congress candidate from Nongshken, for taking the initiative to fight against the Bangladesh border. Sam border especially in relation to the preparation of false signs on the border with Bangladesh.
Speaking on India's cultural history, the Prime Minister said that sports have been part of the country's heritage and journey for thousands of years.
Shillong, July 27: The District Legal Services Authority, East Khasi Hills District today conducted a training on the topic “”.
In his speech, Bah B Paul Muktieh, Chairman and Managing Director, NEDFi, explained the financial assistance schemes of the central government to the farmers in the state and the region as a whole. NEDFi’s mission is to make a difference in people’s lives through agriculture.
The team expresses its condolences to the victims of the floods in West Khasi Hills, where four people have lost their lives and hundreds of people have suffered from the floods. tragic event.
He said he wants to see more tourists come to the area.
Police have received a complaint that Sengseng T Sangma has raped a 14-year-old girl at Agillanggre village in West Garo Hills District. to this evildoer.
The award was presented for the first time by the Center for Innovations in Public Systems (CIPS) in collaboration with the Government Innovation Lab (GIL), the Government of Meghalaya and the Administrative Staff College of India (ASCI) as partners. .
The General Secretary of the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Bah LK Sawkmie has urged the people to attend the meeting to be held on the 30th of this month at Madan Student Jaiaw. 12 am.
The meeting between the two Chief Ministers was held at the State Quest House after inspecting seven sites which have already been completed. the answer is mutual.
The Chief Superintendent of Police, Vivek Syiem, said that the police have received permission to detain the suspect for three days for further investigation. On the day of the investigation, he shall be remanded in custody and a complaint shall be registered against him.
This will ensure that training receives the respect it deserves for the development of youth employability.
Speaking to media, Bah Process said that the Congress party has asked the Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma if there is a need to join the party. The Congress leader said that the Prime Minister has already proceeded to meet with the Union Home Minister. and it is the duty of the Government to submit to the Central Government the decision of the House regarding the decision to implement the ILP in the State.
Shillong, June 24: The KSU Laitumkhrah Unit together with Team Revolution MMA will hold the Maitshaphrang Fight Night on the 19th June 2023 at Anton Hall from 3 PM onwards.
On this occasion, there was a wreath laying ceremony at the portrait of the soldier who is a student of the college.
On the other hand, the Seng, due to the lack of bridges from Ranikor to Umpung, etc., will think about the overloading of coal trucks and if necessary, they will not hesitate to take several hours to The search was conducted to check the trucks carrying more than 9 tonnes.
I urge the shopkeepers to ask the customers to bring their own bags and not to use plastic bags.
When SP News Agency spoke to many of the people in these three constituencies without disclosing their identity, they said that the government should start construction of this road because it is not the It ends in Ranikor but continues to Baghmara in South Garo Hills.
The GSU leader said that since then there has been a demand for the Greater Garo Land which includes the Garo people in Assam and Meghalaya.
He urged the students to take action in the study of this subject as it is very important.
Our party has promoted an indigenous woman to the post of President of the country and elected an indigenous woman as the Chief Minister of the state,” she said.
The incident happened this morning in the early hours of the morning and there were no passengers at all besides the heavy rain.
The second battalion of the Garhwal Rifles was formed on 1st October 1901 at Lansdowne under the command of Lieutenant Colonel JT Evatt.
The KSU Nehu Unit together with the KSU Education Cell have expressed their opposition to this decision of Nehu on the grounds that it will affect the admission of classes especially for students to NEHU. In the past few years, it has been found that the enrollment of students especially the entrance test is very low without the entrance test. The state differs greatly while Nehu or colleges affiliated to NEHU have low marks or percentage.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The MLA election 2018 from Sohiong Constituency could lead to a one-on-one contest between Congress candidate HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of Home Affairs and Samlin Malangniang MDC from KHADC. According to sources, it is understood that the opposition to Bah HDR Lyngdoh wants a single contest between the MLA and MDC from this constituency.
This footpath was built by hand on the 14th July, 2017 by some of the residents of Wahkhen village who are skilled in the crafts of siej.
The meeting also decided to hold a Public Rally and submit a Memorandum to the Chief Minister, along with the demands that the State Government should take action on the issues of the vendors. and also to amend and improve the State Government Act so that it will be a tool to protect and save the land vendors and also for the safety and benefit of individuals and society.
Speaking to media after the meeting, COMSO Chairman Robertjune Kharjahrin said that during the meeting, the Congress party has promised to support the decision to come. Government to implement ILP in Meghalaya.
During these three days, the health workers will visit those who have close contact with those who have COVID-1
Shillong, March 13: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, in a statement today on the statement regarding the patrolling of the SWAT team, said that the presence of the police is to carry out operations. to the law.
The Deputy Commissioner of Custom Preventive, in charge of the North East Region, Isaac Kharkongor, said that the value of the drugs is worth more than Rs 3 crore. Thain police market.
They urged the people of the North East to support the PIL and pray that the law enforcement agencies will resolve it. an Act which is against the Constitution of India.
On the other hand, the Governor urged especially the mothers who are still pregnant to attend such training and directed them to go to PHCs, CHCs when they are poor to get proper precautions so that there will be no problems unless the pork is in.
On the other hand, the Syiem Raid has lodged a complaint against the mother at Umsning Police Out Post.
Meghalaya to respond and clarify on the request sent by the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima regarding the ownership and ownership of the land at Dak Bangla in Lum Shyllong. .
The NPP party of Ranikor Block has convened a public meeting at Munaisora ​​on 25th November 2019 to discuss the mid-term MDC elections following the death of the MDC of Ranikor Block. Langrin MDC Constituency, but at the meeting, the President who conducted the meeting brought up the issue of electing the candidate.
This could help meet the caregiver need around the world, not just domestically," he added.
This year's Behdeinkhlam was witnessed by the Governor of Meghalaya, Banwarilal Purhohit in the presence of other government officials and many people from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills. .
It is to be recalled that Champion AN Marak was granted bail by the Gauhati High Court on 17th November 2012 and after this the police have not been able to file a case against him. 90 days, Dey said.
Those who attended the meeting and gave speeches were Paiem Freeman Syiem of Sohra Hima, Paiem Nangtei Syiemiong, Acting Syiem of Langrin Hima, Sirdar of Tyngrong Hima, Sirdar of Nongkhroh Hima, Sirdar Ramdait, Chairman of Dorbar Sohbar Hima, and many Rangbah Shnongs and Village Committee members of various villages.
Jowai, July 02: Kamai War, one of the musicians of Jaintia District who has contributed in many fields and also received recognition from the Government of Meghalaya by receiving the Tirot Sing Award on Meghalaya Day. produce videos and start a museum in Jowai.
They also flew another aircraft called SUkhoi SU-30MKI but it did not land at this place because there is not enough space. Many people and school children from Shillong have attended the Air Festival.
“We would like to express our gratitude to the Officer Incharge of Jowai Police Station together with his entire team and also to the Superintendent of West Jaintia Hills and his team for their hard work. Ioannis Pala has been arrested on charges of embezzling the money of the people who do not know anything about the evil intentions behind the company Pala. Group,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO Central Body.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the MHIS office has urged the residents of Mawsynram and surrounding villages that those who wish to get MHIS should go to Mawsynram PHC to register. .
which is the share of the population of the state.
Shillong, July 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited the flood affected areas in Garo Hills. flee to safer places to escape the flood.
Out of the 87 cases, 52 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills and 48 cases in Ri Bhoi. District, two in West Jaintia Hills District and West Khasi Hills District
In order to achieve that goal, we need to turn to those groups and areas that have been completely neglected and try to raise them to the level of equality with others. which have risen.
The provisions of this Bill are to regulate the management of private schools.
Mother Mariam Thresia is a man of goals and has achieved her goals despite the great challenges she has faced in her life. His praise to this sister who will be proclaimed a saint of this country.
Guwahati, Nailar 17: Direct tax collection in the country has reached T.10 lakh 3 thousand crore in 2017-1
The government has clarified that this will not affect the people.
The Minister of Home Affairs inspected the security situation with officers of Manipur Police, CAPF and Indian Army.
and 3
Vishal Pandey, owner of JS Enterprise Mobile Store, Shillong, on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Laitumkhrah Police Station. A mobile iPhone with IMEI number 35035561-9769676 was stolen from a shop at 4:30 pm on the 22nd of this month.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister said that such an advanced institution plays an important role in conducting research as this will help in bringing about economic development. in the state.
Kedrick White.
In 1911, Bah Lowel Gatphoh, an Evangelist from Jowai, visited Nangbah village. Today, the church has grown to 130 households.
Shillong, Lber 04: Six persons have been arrested in connection with the incident at St. Xavier's College, Umoid village in South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Nailar 19: Hundreds of people from Mawkynrew Constituency today joined the Congress party under the leadership of Bah Lamborskhem Kharpuri.
The census shows that 833.5 million people live in rural areas while only 377.1 million live in urban areas and this shows that 2/3 of the population lives in rural areas.
Shillong, November 01: U Bah DD Lapang, MLA of Nongpoh who is also the Secretary to the State Government, has laid the foundation stone for the construction of a road inside Marmain village. the city of Pishanhur.
The Minister of Home Affairs said that crime through the internet has increased in these days and the central government has opened a special department to fight against this crime.
In 2022 there was no rhino poaching. This is a great effort to protect and preserve the rhinos. In 2021, only 2 rhinos were poached.
Marbaniang said the World Health Organization (WHO) is the most important organization in the world and it is this body that approves the use of drugs. giving Tika, but resisted the pressure to give this Tika.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the government will look for ways and means to address this issue.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Women's Wing of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit has condemned the incident in Manipur where two women were raped.
On the same day, it was also announced that Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem will be the MLA candidate of the NPP from Mawryngkneng.
One of the drivers of the four buses, said that they don't want to fight against the government, they didn't even say to stop working, but they just want to stop working, to say that they stop working is wrong. .
Speaking on the exhibition, Kar said it is a commitment to understand the people and the objectives and goals behind the Amrit Mahotsav and how people can participate in the campaign.
“As the people of the country, we will move forward as one family, one united society.
"The Institute has been a pioneer in the digital initiatives of Ayush, including the AMAR platform which contains information on 16,000 articles on Ayush, of which 4,249 articles have been digitized, 1,224 14,126 catalogs and 4,114 books published from time to time.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: Kur leaders from all over the Khasi Hills District today attended a meeting convened by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to discuss the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Bill, .
In this regard, the Rynjah Police Station has conducted an investigation to find out who was involved in the burning of the school building this morning.
Bah Sanbor said that the government has not taken action on this issue and for this reason the army can do whatever it wants. The MLA has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, regarding the refusal of the army to cross the border at Lawsohtun.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The teachers under the banner of the All Teachers' Association of Meghalaya (JACATCM) today launched a strike by wearing flags in their schools.
Shillong, Nai Tung 15: The President of the East Jaintia Hills District, Teras Dkhar and Adh.
To prevent this, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) have issued an advisory to all States and UTs emphasizing the importance of forecasting. to prevent such incidents.
You can also cross the Wahrew, one of the cleanest rivers in Khasi Jaintia.
In another incident, police have found a man lyngtktar on the road at Barik Point, Shillong.
The BSF arrests these Bangladeshis from time to time either while they are on their way back or while they are entering India.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, said that in West Khasi Hills district there are three MDC seats and there is no doubt that this time the people will turn around and choose the right channel for them. The State Government, as it is now, has a need for MDCs who are intelligent and who have a connection with the State Government.
Now they talk about the speed of the internet.
He said it is a memorable fact that the Transparency Recruitment Policy (TRP) has been adopted to be implemented in the recruitment process in the state in a clean and transparent manner.
She also requested the government to assist in bringing together all the domestic workers under one union so that they can provide protection to the union. and also so that they can express their problems.
Shillong Lajong General Manager Habamutlang Lyngdoh has expressed his satisfaction that Shillong FC from Meghalaya has been selected to represent India in this tournament.
Jowai, July 29: The KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has vowed that it is ready if the MUA-II Government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma gives the authority to build a railway line. “We are ready to fight against the Government if the Government has the authority to build the railway line, as well as if it has not released the KSU leaders. KSU leaders without any restrictions.
At this pond in Mawlyngbna, a meeting was held to distribute the syrnod to the participants and explained the purpose of the march. The organizers of YHAI, said that the purpose of this walk is to love nature, to preserve its beauty, not to destroy it, and to seek to find it. you are in nature.
Mawphlang, July 29: The question now is who owns the Khasi Heritage Village in Mawphlang, is it the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council or who? Not less than 60 people from near and far will enter the Khasi residence on the day of the entry.
He said that the Minister of State in charge of Education should take responsibility for the work and should not be denied but now he has handed over to the managing committees and the Minister should take responsibility to solve this problem of teachers.
On the allegation by Bah Paul that he is the CEM, Bah Latiplang said that it is Bah Paul who is now holding the files when the EC has failed. and.
Here you can see the Fly-Shuttle Frame used by the manufacturers working in this manufacturing plant.
The postmortem will be conducted in Sohra, and after that the law will do its job,” Verma said.
The Union was established with the aim of promoting, maintaining and disseminating a complete and accurate understanding of the culture by taking more seriously and promoting the traditional Khasi snap in the field of Thohdur and Thohkot Thohsla.
Welcome speech was delivered by Kong Ieitlang Dkhar, Secretary, Village Organizations (VOs), Iongkaluh.
Hazarika said this while talking to media after the opening of the first meeting of the Regional Committee held in Shillong on Tuesday.
Speaking to SP News Agency, they said that it is sad to see that this road which passes through Shillong, Laitumkhrah Market has not been covered yet. good many years.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: U Prestone Tynsong Deputy Chief Minister today said that 4681 residents have returned to the state so far and most of them are in the “Community”. Quarantine Center and some home quarantine facilities.
The drivers of these two vehicles, when they reached Pyrdiwah village, when they saw that the BSF troops were approaching, they left their vehicles and fled to escape from the hands of the BSF troops. long near the border with Bangladesh.
This will help in the learning process.
The case has been registered at Khliehriat Police Station under the NDPS Act.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister said that before 2018, the Government has implemented many development projects in the past few years for the development of the State in all aspects. The government's expenditure was about T.9000/- crore per annum while now the expenditure has reached T.14,000/- crore.
At the same time, Bah Diengngan urged the MLA of this area Martin M Danggo who is also the Minister in charge of Road Construction in the state to take special action to repair the roads. these roads so that vehicles can travel in the right manner to spend the coal at the appointed time.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The meeting of the State Planning Board, Working Group-III, chaired by Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, was held at 1 pm on 16th May Secretariat Conference Hall to discuss and discuss the issues related to the implementation of the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) – Phase-1, Phase-2 and MHIS Phase-3 will start soon.
The Prime Minister made the announcement on Twitter by saying that two members of his family who were first infected have tested positive.
The SP (City) said that it is not yet known whether these three persons are involved in other crimes.
The four constituencies where the Congress party has not yet announced its tickets are two from East Jaintia Hills, one from 6-Khliehriat, one from 7-Amlarem from West Jaintia Hills and three from 37-Amlarem in Garo Hills. -Kharkutta, and 39-Resubelpara and 47-Rajabala.
In this regard, the union strongly warns against the traffickers and drinkers who use this alcoholic beverage.
She went on to state that, “The book is a fictional story of exploration which also contains information concerning elements and species found inside the Cave along with illustrations that will help students visualize what they look like”.
“Every stone, every well, every part of this new Parliament will be dedicated to the welfare of the poor,” he said.
Furthermore, all shops in these two villages will be closed and offices will be closed except Mairang Police Station, Mairang.
Hedrain Lyngdoh Chairman of the Committee to look after these roads and Bah Awrin K Sutnga as Muktiar were also present at the meeting.
The organization has always helped women who have been raped by criminals, those who have been abused at home by helping them to get legal assistance according to their needs and So far, they have been able to assist up to seven women since they set up this group in 2014. This assistance is mainly in the field of law.
Myntri Rangbah Duh spoke about the progress of BHU and said that this is one of the achievements of Kashi in the past years.
Answering a question on the post of CEM in KHADC, he said that the party has already arranged that the post of CEM for the next five years will be between Bah Teinwell Dkhar, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne and Paul Lyngoh.
Jowai, Nailar 08: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Barato Unit on Saturday opened the 1st Mait Shaphrang Football Tournament 2017 at Mukoi U Bon Football Stadium, Barato.
Some of the expected outcomes of the parties and candidates are to gain power in the state.
Shillong, July 25: The President of India today approved the nominations of 43 nominees for the Jeevan Raksha Padak Series of Awards-2 There are 7 Sarvottam Jeevan Raksha Padak recipients, 8 Uttam Jeevan Raksha Padak recipients and 28 Jeevan Raksha Padak recipients.
According to the Food Safety and Standards Regulation 2011, there are permits to preserve food, but formalin is not included in the rule. The use of food is not safe under Section 3(i)(zz)(v) of the Food Safety and Standards Act,
Shillong, Jymmang 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited the Lad Umsaw road in Ri Bhoi District which leads to Mawmaram in East Khasi Hills District.
These loans are given for manufacturing, trade and service related activities and for agricultural activities.
Other neighboring districts like Mawlongbna, Umtyllum, Janiaw and Synnei have also been affected by the natural disaster.
In his speech, the Prime Minister mentioned many of the works that the government will do and at the same time he expressed his gratitude to all the members of the House who took part and gave their support. He urged the government to come forward if they have any suggestions to the government.
Last month, the Dorbar Shnong had sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills to request for the deployment of security forces from Delhi at Lapangap village to prevent any attempt by the Karbi to damage the building. that of rep.
AMRUT and NULM officers will facilitate these visits by selecting water treatment plants.
The State Government of Meghalaya and stakeholder Departments of Education and IT & Communications are delighted to take forward this collaboration and partnership.
“The Labor Laws do not provide any protection to the workers,” said Kong Nongkhlaw. workers in the houses of men.
He added that which of the Congress leaders has ever spoken and given such speeches, testimonies of Jesus Christ and his message of God? This is the question that the party wants Bah Pala to answer,” said the BJP. The BJP Meghalaya also pointed out that during the Christmas holidays, the party leaders including Bah AL Hek and etc. organized Christmas festivities for children and the economically disadvantaged, and this spread the joy of this season everywhere, quite the opposite of the creation and story-making that BJP Meghalaya Spokesperson Mariahom Kharkrang said, “The Congress is convinced that its chances of victory have gradually increased. The days and the BJP has increased.
If those who wish to receive the syrnot as poor, their income should not exceed five lakh tyngka and the farmland should not exceed five acres. syrnot, this syrnot will be only for the purposes of the Central Government as already answered in the State Legislative Assembly.
On the other hand, FKJGP-East Jaintia Hill strongly warns that from now on, all Assam vehicles should cover their goods like other coal trucks to Ribhoi. comply with all the rules and regulations.
The meeting will be held at 11.00 pm to discuss the coal mining issue as the people cannot tolerate the government's delay in arranging the coal transportation in the State.
This is according to a statement sent by FKS Chairman John Kharshiing.
Shillong, July 01: The Rangbah Shnong of Kulang village in South West Khasi Hills District, Bah C Nongbri, on Tuesday said that Ajit Sinha, who has reported to the police that his wife has been abducted, has been arrested. There is no such person in the village.
This action of the government to violate human rights has been illegal, which affects the mentality (Mental Harrassment) of those people who have been displaced or turned away from the fear of children. “It's a good idea to be afraid of the power of the government in a country that doesn't care about the small people,” said Bah PL Majaw.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Hynniewtrep People's Front (HPF) Ri Bhoi District has held a prayer to ask God to protect the world from the spread of COVID-1
However, he said that in these days, this sacred and glorious place has now become the property of the authorities.
The site where the government intends to build the gate to check the entry and exit of people from the state is about 20 km from the border with Assam from Jorabad.
Furthermore, the RTI revealed that in 2011, the Lamphang had spent 8,63,753 tyngka for the construction of two-storey toilets and other necessities.
The HFU leaders have spoken to the farmers and also to the buyers of jhur from the market to comply with the government's directives from time to time to curb the spread of the disease. this is the disease.
According to the rules for contesting the MP election to the Rajya Sabha, those who have reached the age of 35 years can contest the election, but there is a need for candidates who are MLAs, because only MLAs shall not vote.
The program was opened by the SDO Civil Amlarem.
It may be recalled that these youths were shot dead by the police along with Balajied Dkhar (Hepkhoit) who is a member of the HNLC in Nongshilliang Nongthymmai. The HNLC at that time.
The meeting was inaugurated by the President of All India Bank Employees Association (AIBEA), Rajen Nagar and was attended by more than 100 people from all over the North East and other countries. The General Secretary of AIBEA, CH Venkatachalam congratulated the Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank Employees' Union (MCABEU) for holding this meeting in Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Meghalaya State Planning Board Working Group-IX under the chairmanship of Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, MLA, Co-Chairman, MSPB, in charge of the implementation of State Plan Schemes, allocation and implementation of the The budget allocation for the years 2014-2015, 2015-2016, and 2016-2017 has been discussed at the meeting. thir today.
The state has just celebrated the 13th National Voters Day, at the same time the state will go to the elections. the state to higher levels.
The new office bearers of Iooksi Pyllun are Leonard Rabon, Head of Iooksi Kyanmynsar as President, Complain Tangliang, Head of Iooksi Iapkhla as Secretary, Kyrshan Chullet, Vice President of Iooksi Pyllun. Iooksi Tongkiad as Assistant Secretary.
During the meeting, the Chief of Police CrPF said that after the 5th of July, it has happened now.
It is on this basis that the Government in 2014 passed the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act to curb corruption. the law will not matter.
He hoped that as a leader, he would continue to monitor the development schemes in all the villages and work hard to create job opportunities for the youth.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the leaders of the Mawlai Town Dorbar said that during the Mawlai Town Dorbar's campaign to collect and gather the children who have become addicted to drugs, there have been many. There are many youths who have fled for a while without being able to complete their treatment at the rehabilitation center for various reasons and there are also those who have not been able to be admitted to this rehabilitation center.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has been urged to deploy personnel to monitor those who enter the state especially in Ri Bhoi District and other places where people enter the state to prevent the spread of the disease. you have spread the disease to this country.
Speaking to reporters, he said that according to the 1972 employment allocation, there is 80% employment allocation for Khasi Jaintia and Garo, 5% and 15% for SC, OBC. % for all others, it is the fact that the Meghalaya government has not implemented this recruitment schedule and this is that government offices should have a schedule. number of government employees.
The documents to be submitted to the party can be sent from the 16th of this month to the 7th of June
The union also suggested that the district authorities should complete the construction of a stronger bridge than the one allocated under the PMGSY scheme for the year 2017-18 which can ensure that it will not be damaged. There is no need to worry about the destruction of this river in the coming years to avoid tragic incidents.
He said that the subject of cleanliness , he said that there is a mother why you ri sning in front of the house why you do not build behind , and another mother said that the money is put in the the face is not behind.
This is the first time that World Bank officials have met with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima who is in charge of the largest traditional market in North East India which is also the capital of the state.
During the meeting, all the participants discussed the philosophy of Mahatma Gandhi as expressed through the paintings and drawings of the barikor.
Don't choose too quickly because such incidents can happen again if we are not vigilant especially those whose names have appeared in the CBI Report.
Shillong, March 22: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, accompanied by his daughter Amara A Sangma who is still studying. During the meeting with the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma urged the Central Government for the construction of the The state has not yet received a lot of attention especially for the National Games in the state.
As a leader, he expressed his sorrow and grief by turning his eyes to God the Creator to take a great judgment to show the signs and symptoms to find out the perpetrators. I am willing to do all these sinful things.
“If I don’t get a written commitment from their hand, I won’t believe it and I won’t accept it at all," she said.
The State Government has issued a public notice on 1st July 2023 to set up a special committee to review the appointment. star.
On the other hand, the residents of the area have threatened that if the contractors do not comply with the rules laid down by the CPWD, they will go and dig the road.
The final was attended by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Shakliar Warjri, MLA of Jowai Constituency, Wailadmiki Shylla and Chief Secretary of Jowai Constituency. State President Bah DP Wahlang, DGP Dr LR Bishnoi, members of the Archery Association of Meghalaya and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Vice President of the All Meghalaya Domestic Workers Union (AMWU) today once again came forward to remind the government of their demands.
This scholarship will be for all 3-4 years of the Bachelor's Degree.
On the other hand, the President of the Seng, Bah Johnfisher Nongsiang, said that the Seng has received many complaints from parents who are worried about their children due to the extreme heat of the weather. it also led to the death of children.
In another incident, Tura Police have recovered the body of a newborn baby from Wah Ganol in West Garo Hills District, at Mukdangra.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The HNLC, the state government and the central government have called for peace talks between the HNLC and the central government. peace to bring peace and stability in the nation and the state as a whole.
Is this a democratic state or a dictatorship?
The farmers also informed the leaders to discuss the government's lack of assistance to the farmers affected by the natural disaster, the debt they cannot repay due to the natural disaster, the price drop. and also to discuss that the government should recognize the cultivation of kwai and tympew along with many other demands.
The Prime Minister said that after talking to the officers, he will invite the teachers to talk to them in this regard. do something in response to this demand of the teachers.
Jowai, November 14: The Society of Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE), Jowai in collaboration with the North East Slow Food and Agro-Biodiversity Society, Shillong, has organized a traditional food cooking competition at Tyrchang village in Jowai. .
The police raided Ksehkohnglong village, which is only 11 km from Nongstoin. The village elders were also present and the village officials were directed to seize these injections. Please do not hear the complaint.
Shillong, Lber 20: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has implemented the Model Code for the Lok Sabha 2024 MP elections in Shillong within 72 hours. Officer has removed the photographs of political party leaders from the websites of the Meghalaya government.
Jowai, Nailur 29: The KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has received a complaint from many Home Guard Volunteers working in West Jaintia Hills District Jowai regarding the inability to pay their salaries. All Home Guard Volunteers are paid their salaries.
We request the public and the District authorities to inform the organization if there are any such incidents.
He said that this policy has been developed in such a way that there will be a cooperation with the people because in this state the land belongs to the people.
The Minister said that the Meghalaya Grassroots Music scheme aims to open up the opportunity for the youth of the state to showcase their talents.
Shillong, Iaiong 05: A garbage truck from Marten to GS Road has collided with a garbage truck on the road this morning.
He appealed to the residents of Meghalaya to work together to fight against this evil which has affected the youth and the homes of many in Meghalaya.
He also praised the Meghalaya High Court for being the upholder of the principles of justice, transparency and promotion of justice to all.
Shillong, Lber 26: The Mawlai Cleaners Association on Tuesday held a football penalty shootout tournament at Shillong Polytechnic Ground.
It is learned that from Meghalaya, about nine times people have used these Air Ambulances to transport patients twice from Umroi and three times from Guwahati.
Shillong, November 23: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today recognized 13 MLAs as members of the All India Trinamul Congress. 24Nov 2021.
I know it won’t be an easy task but when we have big plans, we can reach cliffs that have never been reached before.
Shillong, March 28: Police in West Garo Hills District today recovered the body of a Naga youth who drowned in the Chibagre River, about 25 km from Tura.
Some of the biography of the recipient of this award is as follows: Risingbor Kurkalangu has been awarded the Padma Shriha.
Police on receiving this information rushed to the scene to search for the perpetrators.
The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) on 7.05/2020 sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, MS Rao, saying that the Congress party is ready to pay the railway fare of those who come to Myanmar. Sonia Gandhi, the National President of the party, said that the villages have been destroyed.
The full implementation and initiation of the schemes is up to the Field Officers.
On this occasion, a short meeting was held before the handover of the equipment which was conducted by Twist Marngar, President of Mawiong Umjapung Unit. KSU Mawlai Circle General Secretary Eddie Malangiang sent a speech of encouragement and condolences to both the families.
In his speech, he congratulated World Vision for providing assistance to this government health center for the benefit of the people of the area.
Police have asked the owner of the shop, his answer is not clear because sometimes he answered one way and sometimes he answered another, but the truth is that the shop was closed and the shopkeeper. The fire broke out inside the shop, said the Superintendent of Police, East.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah WMS Pariat said that the Meghalaya government pays better than other states in India in terms of government employees.
Speaking on the occasion, the president of the party, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, said that he is pleased that there are party leaders.
The Block Level Committee on Drug Abuse will be chaired by the Block Development Officer of South West Khasi Hills District in the presence of government officials and village authorities.
Shillong, November 04: The Hills Farmers Union of Ri Bhoi District today submitted a petition to the Lok Sabha demanding that the government should introduce a Government price of marrep in this state.
