At present, all the leaders in India have to spend tens of lakhs and tens of crores to try to emerge as leaders.
He said the budget would lay a strong foundation for the next 10 years and congratulated the people of the country who have received the budget to promote Aatamnirbhar Bharat.
The Meghalaya Bharat Guide and Scout of Meghalaya has congratulated him on his success and the state government has congratulated him for reaching this position. He was also a young man who was very skilled until he reached this position where he was able to lead the country.
The BECC has already conducted trainings in many parts of Meghalaya and at Laitryngew PHC, Mairang CHC, Pomlum PHC, Smit PHC, Nongstoin Vision Center and Bansara Eye Care will conduct this training at MUDA Complex on the 15th from 10 am to 3 pm.
In this book, the article says, Good luck, prosperity, peace, in the villages and in the country as a whole, the village is very much in the hands of the rulers.
These measures will lead to the development of a strong new National Cooperation Policy, which will focus on the strengthening of cooperatives in the country's economy and the implementation of the Minister's 'Sahkar Se Samaridhi' initiative. Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The Khasi Authors' Society (KA) will celebrate its 41st Anniversary on Tuesday at the Seminar Hall of Arts & Culture at 10 am.
: the mutka is a welcome message.
The injured were identified as Bah Kin Lhuid, 50, and Bah Paia Rymbai,
Shillong, July 27: To mark the Silver Jubilee of the National Commission for Women (NCW) of India, the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (NCW) today held a Walkathon.
According to the report, no country has taken a decision like South Korea to protect the abortion of girls, despite the fact that there are many laws against it. .
The leaders of these four organizations said that EJHD is a new district and they need this land because it is the only larger district in EJHD to set up various government offices. for the benefit of the people.
Henceforth, the amount that can be withdrawn will depend on how many months the member has invested and also the salary on which the EPS payment has been received.This has brought order in the payment of their withdrawals piece.
However, it is like the heritage of the ancestors who still hold fast to their own religion, that once a year, mankind needs to lose its own soul, its own destiny. be according to the part and law of God.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: KHNAM will continue to protest for a few days so that the government can hear the demands of KHNM. Shillong, Jymmang 16: According to Article 176 of the Constitution of India, the Governor of Meghalaya today delivered his speech on the opening day of the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly for the year 2024-2 .
On the same day, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency, also donated computers to the Church of God, LP/UP/Secondary School, Nongjrong. Not only the teachers and students but also the Village Leaders, the youth of the area and especially the parents of the students were present. along with faces that smile with joy.
He said that the youth should be taught how to find their own job according to their understanding and skills and the teachers should find the way how to do this important job. .
The arrested persons have been handed over to the police for further investigation.
Other issues discussed in the Cabinet included the introduction of the Amendment Bill on the State University to expand its functions from a Technical University to a State University. The Minister also introduced an amendment to the Meghalaya Civil Defense and Home Guards Service Rules in accordance with the rules and regulations of the UGC. Regarding the vacancy of posts which have not yet been filled, this amendment rule will also introduce a change in the grades of education to be equal to the rules of the police department.
Referring to the beauty of the region, he said that the beauty of the region is more beautiful than Kashmir and he will invite Hindi filmmakers to come and shoot films in Meghalaya and this will promote tourism. The state's income without affecting the environment.
MGNREGA has stipulated that at least 60% of the budget should be implemented for the conservation of natural resources every year.
Shillong, July 30: The election for the election of the new Chief Executive Member of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) will be held tomorrow morning. Benedic Marak, CEM of the NPP party, was defeated in the election and his EC failed with 12 votes in the 29-member Assembly. Those who opposed received 15 votes.
On 01/06/2021, the union found that despite the large number of people who wanted to come to withdraw and deposit money, the union found that the computers are not working at all and not only today but on other days when the bank is open.
The Committee today decided to prohibit the entry of residents or any person outside the village without proper reasons and if anyone needs to travel outside the village they must inform. to their Secretary Kher or the Secretary Shnong of their travel and the places where they intend to travel or come so that information can be kept on their travel.
During the march, the students shouted to express their opposition and shouted to stop the use of drugs.
To strengthen the PRIs, the Government of India under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has taken many steps and has done better in it.
Efforts have been made to provide services of schemes implemented by Government departments and also to provide information on the benefits of these schemes through NABARD, Krishi Vikash Kendra, Gas Company, National Fertilizer Company Limited and others. other group Government.
Regarding this, the MLA of Mawsynram said that the government should not look too much at the price because the government is not a trader because there are as the government, as the government should try to increase the price. the price of the test fee.
On the same day, the Army also dropped 15 tonnes of foodstuffs by Mi17 V5 helicopter.
Heavy rainfall has also caused flooding in the middle of Lachaumiere Road opposite the DIPR Office, Shillong where vehicles have had to pass through the flooded road.
Ed has caused many problems to the teachers of the State Mission Authority (SEMAM,SSA) in the state regarding the announcement of the Central Government to increase the salaries of SSA teachers in this year. the state.
If the government really wants to improve the income of the state, one of the ways is to not allow commercial vehicles from other states to visit the tourist destinations within the border. The state government can drop off and pick up tourists from the last drop and pick up points.
Regarding private vehicles, the government will not allow them to travel except those vehicles which have received vehicle passes.
Birla said that the way of life in India is environmentally friendly and therefore, development should not affect the environment.
These constituencies are 8-Nongkrem, 15-Laban-Mawprem, 22-Nongspung-Sohiong, 23-Mairang-Nongkhlaw, 24-Pariong-Mawthadraishan and 28-Rambrai-Jyrngam. and 1-War-East Constituency of Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
He said that Pynursla Constituency has 54 polling stations and out of these the party has set up 44 polling stations. Shillong.
She said it was clear that women were at the center of conservation activities.
The investigation goes on for how long no one knows.
In ancient times, before the knowledge of dewbilat, shun and shyiap lum shyiap wah were mixed with shyiap lum shyiap wah for cleaning sorki when building stone wells or when laying phrah, whether it was to strengthen the building. or in the protection against insects such as crows, simad, skaiñ, dkhiew, ktiar, wieh, ksaiñ, etc.
The schemes proposed to the people are the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojna and also to exempt people from the three months bank loan due to the lockdown.
If government employees increase their salaries from time to time, farmers also have the right to increase the price of their products according to the passage of time.
There were 134 matches in the men's singles category. In the men's singles category, Bah Damehi Kyndiah won, while in the men's singles category, Damehi Kyndiah and Wanmi Dkhar won. that man.
However, this did not happen and was as expected.
The Church of England, popularly known as All Saints, has also decorated its church at the IGP and this has also attracted people to visit. In the evening, the beauty of the lights in the temple.
On this day, the people have left their homes and stood to buy as much as they can to get food and drink from the shops. rice to the shops and distributed to the public for the month of October.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Cabinet meeting held today discussed how to provide oxygen cylinders to shops in the state during the fight against COVID-1 19 in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Government today in its working meeting has decided to extend the curfew until the 17th of this month, said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong.
The child was also known as Cherry Riksime and Alana Kasanchi by her friends in the village.
Many times he has visited these areas to meet the Paid Khappud and even when the Police Outpost of the Assam Police was planned to be built in Khatkasla, he has bravely visited himself to drive out the Assam Police.
It will be decided by votes and when it reaches the grand finale it will be decided 50-50 by the votes and the judges.
Jowai, Lber 08: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) in a statement today expressed its deep sorrow over the speech of the CEM of JHADC on the future of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JSU) at the inauguration ceremony of the Daloi. Jowai Elaka, this morning at Lung Langdoh in Lumiongkjam, where he said that the Council is in danger and could disappear, because its budget has been depleted.
Latiplang said that the drama within the KHADC is still there and on his part he said that once the decision of the court is received and the confirmation will be done in the dorbar.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday raided the shops of foreigners without proper documents. shopkeepers in Laitumkhrah who do not have proper documents.
The party and the people are not aware of the problems but the government should start looking for solutions immediately especially at this time when the world is still allowed to work.
Shillong, Lber 28: Answering a question by Charles Marngar, the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, said that there are 420 vacancies in SSA schools and 420 vacancies in LP schools. There are 102 schools, 292 schools in UP Schools and 26 schools in Secondary Schools.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: U Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik today visited the residence of Rabindranath Tagore during his visit to Shillong.
On the other hand, the DMHO said that there is no staff at this place and the union has demanded that the hospital should be opened immediately as the people living in this village are suffering.
New Delhi, Naitung 11: The Ministry of Home Affairs has decided to allocate 10 percent recruitment posts in the CAPF and Assam Rifles for Agniveers who have completed four years under the Agnipath scheme announced by the Government of India. In a tweet, the Office of the Minister of Home Affairs said, “The Ministry of Home Affairs has decided to allocate 10 percent of the recruitment posts to the CAPF and Assam Rifles for the purpose of The Agniveers, who have completed four years under the Agnipath scheme announced by the Government of India, led by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
Nepolian Mawphniang President said that the protest will be held for seven days in front of the office of the Vice Chancellor at NEHU Shillong and in Tura in front of the office of the Pro Vice Chancellor. It varies from one day to another which started today and will end on the 6th of this month.
D.Shillong, July 19: The KSU Eastern Central Area together with the Smit unit today held a public meeting at Smit Market as part of the protest against the CAA and to demand ILP from the central government.
Prince Starwell Sorubai, Vice President of the Hills Farmers Union (HFU), said that the fire has affected Byrwa, Pohphanniang, Umsong, Mawpud and Dongkhatar areas.
In this protest, the MPMC strongly condemned the BJP government led by Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister of the country.
The State Government has decided to relocate the existing Petrol Pump at Anjalee Point by allocating land in Upper Shillong in the area of ​​5mer, Upper Shillong which is the land of the Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department. and the State Government, has caused many to oppose the proposal.
He said that this is only a small sign, whether this will happen in other departments of the state government, as an MP he will continue to follow up on these issues so that the state will not face problems.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has demanded that the government should deploy more police including SF-10 and SWAT in the area to protect the people. the area from other ethnic groups and from the Assam police.
Replying to a question on the support of the Congress, Dr Mawthoh said the party does not know anything about it because the party will work hard to win the candidate nominated by the party. .
In her speech, Kong Ripnar Lyngdoh gave her congratulations to the Union of Village Youth Organizations of the District as a whole.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Chief Justice of the Shillong High Court today ruled that the CMJ University should not admit students to the university until the issue is resolved. problem.
Also present on the occasion were Prestone Tynsong, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Mohendro Rapsang, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Macmillan Byrsad and Bajop Pynrope MDC along with party leaders.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The SNSBH has sent a petition to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (HYC). The Council (KHADC) today urged the CEM to appeal within 20 days from the date of receipt of the letter, regarding the decision of the Meghalaya High Court. This is in connection with the PIL No. 9 of 2015 filed by Bah Tirot Singh Syiemlieh.
Bah Kerios Wahlang immediately said, “I make my own duitara because I understand how to produce the sound according to my own songs, because I have not been taught anywhere about songwriting and composing”.
His goal for a united India also witnessed the creation of the All India Administrative Services which he said was like a steel frame.
It also aims to reduce input costs and boost meat consumption in India.
Diengngan has received the support of leaders like SS Lyngdoh, who has been the Vice President of the NCP since
Police saw that the vehicle had climbed to the top of Iewduh and parked in the parking lot.
The last census was written in 2011 and in 2021 it should be written again and in 2022 it should be made public. but because I have not yet written, this work has not been completed.
He was arrested from a Sumo (ML04 A 4600) parked near Thomas Jones Synod College, Iawmusiang, Jowai.
Shillong, June 15: Four UDP office bearers in Ri Bhoi District have resigned from their posts, Bah Donkupar Sumer. He has resigned from the post of Working President of the district who is also the MDC of Umsning and the party's candidate for the 2018 MLA election.
“The HYC warns the ABVP and WOSY to be thoughtful and not to use NEHU for political agendas and to create ethnic discrimination within the university.
KSU Mynksan Unit has elected Dao Wanhi Law as President, Vice President Samla Leibhathrang I Law, General Secretary Romania Dkhar. five members.
The General Manager of Stanley Roy Mahindra Service said that as the owner of the employer, he has sent a letter to the Labor Department and KHADC but so far these two departments have not done anything.
The solution to this lies in the provision of a single organizational structure for farmers within a Government-sponsored body that farmers can trust and follow.
He said that during his tenure as Minister of Rural Development, he visited the state and this is the first time that he has traveled by road from Guwahati to Shillong. The beauty of the state of Meghalaya.
He also reminded and expressed the hope that this will happen again this time so that he can win.
However, what has happened is that the raw form which is not useful at all is still in the ground and is everywhere to say that there is a blister will not be as they say.
It is learned that today the search operation was conducted around Shillong and it went smoothly without any incident and this will continue in the coming days as the government is currently in short supply of security personnel. Police are preparing for the arrival of the President of India on Tuesday.
According to information received, the damage to the houses was caused by the collapse of tree branches due to the strong wind which lasted for only half an hour.
Furthermore, the Seng will also look into the issues affecting all schools such as the improvement of the implementation of Mid Day Meal (MDM) and the issues faced by the teachers on the training sent by the school through Government financial assistance.
He said that the allocation of Rs 20 lakh with the Deputy Commissioners is only for emergency assistance in case of any tragic incident. need.
In this regard, the president of the association, Bah Banpynskhem Kharnaior, has warned that all foreigners should not stay in the village.
“Because the recent ban on coal mining has affected them badly and now we are waiting to start mining coal according to the scientific methods, that is why the production is very low.
This is a team within the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change (MoEF&CC) in collaboration with the Forest Department of the Government of Madhya Pradesh, the Wildlife Institute of India (WII) and experts on cheetahs. and Namibia and South Africa.
The installation of solar lights in different parts of Shillong has started in the last few years and the installation of solar lights has continued till today and this has helped to provide light during the dark hours. Light.
Speaking at a meeting of the HSPDP at Dinam Hall Shillong, Shillong, the Vice President of the HSPDP said that the party is ready to fight for the rights of the party. the roots of the nation inside and outside the Assembly.
A special police team known as SWAT commandos, supported by the Combat Battalion for Resolute Action (CoBRA), raided the area to drive out the militants.
Police have registered a complaint at Nongpoh Police Station with 21.05 grams of heroin, 8 thyrnia, 1 injection needle and two mobile phones. move forward to find those who are involved.
The site was constructed at a cost of T.53.56 lakh from the PWD Road Construction Department under the SPA scheme.
Now it is up to the people to decide which party will be accepted.
To remind each and every one of the brothers and sisters who have died today, they have sent around the SMS to remind them that the Holy Father has set this day as a special prayer for these Christians and that the peace shall come upon this land.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today decided to nominate Bah Pius Marwein from the party for the mid-term elections for the 35-Ranikor constituency.
The meeting was held at the ground floor of Mawryngkneng Higher Sec School with the participation of students of Mawryngkneng Higher Sec School and Mawryngkneng RMSA Secondary School.
The FKJGP will consult with the Sengbhalang members who have worked together with those who have suffered to pass the Principal Act of MRSSA 2016 to take a firm decision if the state government delays. and completely by allowing such and such to set up those entry-exit points.
There is only one case registered and prosecuted by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) against the party leaders including Chairman Bobby Marweiñ and General Secretary Saiñkupar. Farmer.
Shillong, July 05: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today elected Aiban N Syiem as the new Acting Syiem of the Bhowal Hima. Province.
Police have registered a case under the NDPS Act and arrested the suspect.
July 9: The Minister of State for Sports, Kiren Rijiju today said that Shillong can be turned into a High Altitude Training Centre.
Speaking to reporters, the Tibetan people expressed their gratitude to the Government of India for welcoming them to Tibet when they were forcibly invaded by China in Since that day, the Tibetan people have been persecuted in China until now.
This is against the rules of the government because in fact the government has provided for the transportation of food to the dealers or wholesalers.
During the inspection, the Prime Minister said that if the construction of this road is completed, it will greatly assist the vehicles to travel to and from Sohra and West. Khasi Hills District.
For this purpose, the Central Government has released T.1289.15 crore to 36 States and UTs.
They discussed the improvement of health and commitment of health workers, improvement of testing facilities, the need to assist small states and UTs and prevention. the problems of hunger and food shortages.
Metbah visited the home of Kevinstrong Lawriniang to congratulate and encourage him to continue his studies and earlier, the MLA also honored Queen Annable Ann Basaiawmoit.
“I am pleased to see the speed of work of the newly elected MLA, just a few days after his election, he has visited our village to inspect the road inside the village. “We have been waiting for a long time and we hope that soon we will get a good road,” said the Rangbah Shnong of Mawsiatkhnam.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, will also attend a meeting of all the Chief Ministers of the North Eastern Region of India convened by the Home Minister of India to discuss the issue. this is the CAB,
And the way of the cross is to stand against injustice and violence with understanding and courage.
The Chancellor of the Diocese of Jowai, Fr. Martin Shylla gave the welcome speech.
Although they said that the rules of the ILP have been introduced, they are still waiting until they see the written statement.
On the other hand, the residents of these two villages have strongly condemned the blindness and injustice of the local MLA to the residents of these two villages.
The Chairman of the Dorbar has been empowered to arrange a meeting between the Chief Executive Members and the District Council and the State Government to discuss in detail and get the approval of the State Government on the demand of the Chief Executive Members. to have its own Council through the Third Schedule which is non-partisan or non-political in accordance with the provisions of the Treaty and the provisions of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement approved by the Government of India on 17th August 1948, especially after receiving such a request from the Ministry of Home Affairs.
There are many stories of people empowerment through MUDRA scheme.Many of these are about women who took loans and have now turned into leaders in family provision and employers of others other families.
The Minister urged the Chief Ministers to emphasize the need to immediately start works under campaign mode in the 3,891 villages of the State which do not already have piped water supply systems.
From now on, we must not allow foreigners to come and name our villages and townships which we are proud of.
During the meeting, the armed forces agreed with the suggestion of the state government that these armed forces should have testing centers in their camps and directed them to ensure that they do not they shall not walk freely and shall be in their places.
On the other hand, the CEM said that this area is within the boundary of KHADC and the proposal to build a bank on this area is just a trick to cross the border to this area. state of Meghalaya.
Recently, four GNLA members surrendered to the East Garo Hills Police.
: Police on Friday arrested seven suspected drug traffickers from Mawiong village, Shillong under Mawlai Police Station.
There will be more than 300 screening film projects in the 17th edition of the Film Bazaar for production, marketing and sales.
Dr. Adreena appealed to the parents across the state that if they have children with mouth ulcers, they should come forward for treatment at this hospital.
The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Association (MUPSTA) on Tuesday met with the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A. Sangma to express its demand for the upgradation of the Deficit System for the 844 students. There are 10 Adhoc Upper Primary Schools in the State.
Pynshngain said the constituency with the highest number of voters was Mawlai constituency and the lowest number of voters was Mawprem Laban constituency.
The Minister also inspected the GVK Project which will start implementation of the Sambrak State Seeds Farm which will be a training center for farmers and other employment opportunities. Hactor.
Taking part in the discussion on the cases of human rights violations, the MPHRC urged the NHRC to implement according to the rules.
Statement of the President of Ohibait Dkhar (KSUJHD).
The GHADC has about 1700 employees and the revenue from the GHADC budget alone is about T.7 crore per month while the salary of the employees is at the old rate. It is only T.3.5 crore if we take into account the new salary which has been implemented since June 2018 per month is T.5 crore.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Hamwer Bhoi, President of Laskein Circle, said that the presence of weight bridges between the villages has caused many problems to the people due to the large number of trucks parked in line on Lina Pynkhapngiah Road. The road and disrupt the traffic of the public especially the school children and the sick.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Meghalaya Government today directed the Deputy Commissioners in all Districts to inform all the residents and Rangbah Shnongs who can inform that a terrible earthquake has risen from Bangladesh. The advisory group has directed that they should inform the public that the village authorities will close the schools tomorrow morning.
N Suchen Assistant Secretary General and members including Ma.
Other speakers on the occasion were Bah Mitchell Winkhar, Bah Jambor War, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, all three EMs of KHADC. The day was filled with songs and dances by the youth of Maraikaphone village in the presence of the villagers.
According to police, the arrested person identified himself as Daniel Khongwir and admitted that he lives in Sanmer.
At present, MeECL has three divisions, Power Generation, Power Distribution and Power Management. If there is any allegation of error, the Central Government should also be told that the establishment of EESL is illegal.
: The Voice of the People's Party (VPP) on Tuesday demanded that the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) should re-appoint three Investigating Officers. the Lukayukta office has been closed recently.
As a result, the exploration and production of these minerals will increase significantly in the country.
All the speakers on this occasion spoke on the issue of being prepared to have security measures in case of any tragic incident. Being prepared will reduce the loss.
The union after receiving many complaints and complaints from students and employees from their parents.
The SP informed that the IED was kept inside the can.
Shillong, November 06: The Revenue Department of the State Government today conducted a one day training for the traders of Shillong on how to pay their taxes through computers. e.
On the other hand, the union expresses its deep sorrow over this incident to the victims of the assault by the law enforcement agencies, the Assam police instead of looking after the criminals who are disturbing the village for the sake of peace and order. but the police who were present at the scene were instead the villagers.
I am confident that we will succeed in this goal,” said the Prime Minister.
Investors from various industries also shared their experiences with the conservative steps of the Government of India.
As leaders or as the Seng, we know that we cannot do anything without the support of the people. Tricky Mukhim, Publicity Secretary of the JSU, said:
“The JAC has taken a firm decision to hold an indefinite road blockade which will be lifted until the State Government through NHAI/NHIDCL completes the construction of the road and repairs the potholes. “There have been 100,000 roads along the NH-6 in the Namchiang area in Narpuh and also the construction of proper drainage systems,” said the statement.
Shillong, Nailar 14: On the occasion of the 32nd Anniversary of the HNLC, the HNLC would like to congratulate all the members, volunteers, relatives of all the members who are still in the party and those who have passed away. from this slab of earth.
All these villages will no longer fall under the old block.
The office bearers of the Women's Wing include President Rupalin Snaitang, Vice President Selbi R. Marak, General Secretary Belisda Diengngan, Assistant Secretary Tolina Diengngan, Treasurer Josbi Wanniang, Adviser JC Diengngan. to Executive Members.
Regarding the payment to NEEPCO, it has been resolved because the problem is with the REC and PFC and this has been resolved and the amount to be paid to NEEPCO and others is T. 360 crores or less.
"“In the Legislative Assembly elections held last year, the people of Meghalaya expressed their will against those who lead in the name of religion, those who are selfish, bloodthirsty and others. the ways are not clean.
This is according to a statement sent by KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah.
Shillong, November 11: U Bah HS Shylla, the candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP) from Nongkrem Constituency for the mid-term election, has slammed the MLA of Nongkrem, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit. The MLA has turned away the people of the constituency by supporting the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) at his election campaign rally on November 10 at Lad Nongkrem Square.
However, if the authorities want to admit Candidate Victor Rani (Secretary of NESPDP) from the ban without proper documents, the Block and DCC have immediately rejected him. The Jirang Block Congress Committee, will also proceed without the procedures of the Party.
Various villages and townships have taken over vacant areas and provided solitary accommodation for those who cannot do this at home.
Only 4 metric tonnes of vehicles will be allowed to pass through the bridge and after the completion of the bridge, vehicles of up to 12 metric tonnes will be allowed to pass through. .
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Mawrong Village Council in Ri Bhoi District has evicted the house of Bahunlang Rympai on charges of being menshohnoh.
The group will stand in front of the flag of India.
Regarding the appointment of teachers, the appointment of teachers will be in accordance with the rules of the University Grant Commission (UGC) and their payment will be in accordance with the rules of the UGC. The Managing Committee of the colleges shall be appointed and the Government shall provide funds.
It is necessary for the child to have a copy of the FIR to receive the benefits under this scheme.
He said that it will also encourage the children when they get the opportunity to play in tournaments outside the state because it is in such big tournaments that the children will understand how to work hard. to perfect themselves for making this sport they love their source of livelihood in the next few years.
Shillong, Nailar 05: Total number of COVID-19 positive cases in the state today has risen to 22, of which 19 cases are from East Khasi Hills District and 16 cases are from close contacts. bad that shitom.
“This incident has affected the nation and it shows that these people who commit crimes have started to feel stronger day by day,” said the president of KHNAM. In the border areas with Bangladesh such as Ichamati, Hatmajai and others, the number of illegal immigrants has been very high.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The Asian Confluence together with the authorities in charge of East Khasi Hills District will hold a two-day Nodifestival in Shillong on the 15th and 16th of this month. governments from other countries will also come to take part.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Garod LSN Dykes said he has received letters from many people expressing their opposition to the government's decision to open the trade from Tamabil to Bangladesh.
On the same day, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, laid a tree tree in the ground floor of the Secretariat.
Titos said that according to the letter they have received from the state government through the transport department, they have applied for NOC for the same land for the construction of the railway line from Byrnihat to Lailad.
“The Dawki Land Port is an important project of the Government of India which aims to promote trade between India and Bangladesh.
The total number of cases today is 173, East Khasi Hills 124, West Garo Hills 26, East Garo Hills 5, Ri Bhoi 5, East Jaintia Hills 4, South Garo Hills 4, North Garo Hills to 2445 people.
The CEM of KHADC said that Bah Joy never starts any meeting without prayer, besides being a preacher but also a politician, he often says that politics is dirty. and it is still agreed that politics is dirty.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: Twenty-three candidates have filed their nomination papers for the MDC elections to the JHADC in both East and West Jaintia Hills Districts.
The EC has appointed a special committee headed by Bah Bindo M Lanong to look into the matter and after considering it, they have submitted a report to the EC. The report has been sent to all the MDCs for their comments but no written comments have been received. This shows that they have received the report from the Committee. the Bill in this session of the Legislative Assembly.
On the same day, Violet was given the ticket from the NPP to contest the MLA election from the 6th Khliehriat Assembly constituency.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today announced the mid-term elections in different states of the country, including Meghalaya in three Assembly Constituencies. 30March 2021.
Many of them are now admitted to CHC Sohiong and some have gone to get medicine from other doctors.
The main issues discussed by all the Rangbah Kur were the Clan Administration Bill, the Forest and Environment Amendment Act and the Uniform Civil Code. and other laws which can be used as weapons to destroy the North East of India against the ethnic groups including the Khasi Hills.
Informing on Twitter, the Minister said that the government will be able to finalize the rules in the next few days, as they will have to be checked when they come to the state.
He said that during the VBSY, 4.5 lakh people have applied for Ujjwala gas connection, 1 crore Ayushman cards have been issued, 1.25 crore health check ups have been conducted, screenings have been conducted. 70 lakh people for TB and 15 lakh for sickle cell anemia test have already been completed.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Government of Meghalaya today decided to allow the people of Meghalaya who have stranded outside the North East to return home from the first day of 11/0 /2020, said the Deputy Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong.
His body will be brought to Nongstoin for the last rites.
The Chief Minister said that the screening of films at the festival should not be just a celebration but it will be an opportunity for many young people to learn how to make a living from this filmmaking industry.
North Tura MLA Thomas A Sangma was the chief guest and Chrisline T Sangma (Retd MCS) was the special guest.
The school was founded by the Presbyterian Church in 1956, but after the independence of the state, the government took over the school to turn it into a government school.
Those who were honored were Shuvam Roy and Donbor Rumnong.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Congress party has nominated nine candidates for the mid-term MDC elections to be held in November this year.
It is estimated that T.2.59 lakh crore will exceed the GST revenue for the 2021-22 fiscal year.
The Supreme Court of India has sought clarification from the state governments on the petition filed by Dr. Jaishri Laxmanrao Patil. in the Supreme Court of India on 24th October 2021 to enforce the special allocation of more than 50% of the state which has 85% Indigenous people.
On arrival at NEIGRIHMS, she was tested by RTPCR test and found to be COVID-19 positive. She died at the hospital today.
The decision is aimed at ensuring the security of internet services in India.
There are no specially prepared health facilities; It is not known whether the Personal Protective Equipment (Personal Protective Equipment) is available to all the health workers, whether the medicines are available or not, so that they do not become victims of the disease.
The MLA of the area, Martin M Danggo, today personally visited the area to inspect the affected residents.
It is on this constitutional anomaly in the Constitution of India that we, the Federation of Khasi States, have been demanding for 68 years and expressing it through the Constitution of India. from time to time, against many Acts, Rules of India and to demand the implementation of the IOA & AA. The Khasi States need clarification on the conflict with the Indian Registration Act 1908, the Indian Electricity Act 1910 and the Electricity (Supply) Act 1948 (renamed the Electricity Regulation Commission Act 2003). 1998, The Indian Citizenship Act 1955, The appearance of the word 'Municipality of Shillong' in para 20, Sixth Scheduled, and Shillong (Administered Areas) Municipality in the judgment of the Supreme Court, further para 2, para , para 11 para 12, para of the Sixth Scheduled, The Income Tax Act 1961, The Meghalaya Town & Country Planning Act 1973, The Meghalaya Building Bye Laws 2011, The Cantonment Act 2006, The National Highway Authority Act, The Coal The Mines Nationalization Act 1973, the Mines and Mineral (Development and Regulation) Act 1957, the Forest Conservation Act 1980, the Banking Regulation Act 1949, the Companies Act 1956, the Public Debt Act 1944, and many other Central Acts, Rules and Regulations.
During the search under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985, police in the presence of witnesses seized 280 song of Ganja weighing 4,746.409 kilos worth Rs 20 crore.
The Committee, which has already held such meetings in other parts of India, will submit its report to the Parliament in the next session.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: In order to further enforce the rules and regulations in various parts of the country, it is expected that the public, the households, the households and the simpah simsong will take part in any way. To join hands in this project to translate into the mother tongue, the Khasi language by including the village languages ​​from different regions across the districts of Rilum Khasi and Jaintia with the intention of The middle language adopted in the Sohra language will be the original language and the source languages ​​may continue to contribute more from the village languages ​​from the south of Bri Hynniewtrep in order to find them more interesting and meaningful. and better at speaking, writing and reading words.
“But why did they (NEHUSU leaders) give the name of ABVP on that day? If they have anything against them, they should lodge a complaint and we are ready to do that and they are not our people,” said Kong Sumer.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The four-day protest by COMSO has been held to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 19: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District has summoned the leaders of the KSU to discuss the search for land by the BSF to set up camp in the area.
One group will stay in Williamnagar.
This statement appeared in the online news on 28/10/2021Ka union said that the statement and allegation should go to the party and the district authorities who gave permission to hold public meetings and at the same time we know clearly. There shall be no public meetings during the elections where there shall be no violation of the law.
On this occasion, the officials of the village were present to witness the opening of the CCTV camera which has been installed in different parts of the village.
U Bah Diengdoh thanked the Sordar and the village leaders who have been willing to join hands with the SCYO&C to run this school and at the same time urged the villagers to take advantage of it. He also urged the teachers and parents to work together for the benefit of the students.
At this meeting, Meghalaya will have a gas station in Ri Bhoi and the construction of pipes to deliver gas through pipes is ongoing in the North Eastern States. the state will begin soon.
On receiving information, the police immediately rushed to the MGCC office and seized the bottles for further investigation.
It is true that some people say that they should be allowed to mine uranium so that India can become strong in terms of electricity generation and to build nuclear bombs, but the KSU says that for the benefit of other countries. India the Khasi have to be exiled or search until they lose their race is unacceptable at all because even if they are not considered Indians it means that the benefit should be the benefit of India and extinction. it means the struggle of the whole of India.
Speaking on the occasion, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah said, “As legislators, we pledge to continue to fight against the shortcomings in development in the most remote parts of our state.
However, this means only that the fire burns to burn.
He was arrested on charges of having links with the UALA. The Bolero was not on the record of being arrested by the police, but as it is now. The police have used this vehicle.
So far, 2923 ventilators have been manufactured and out of these, 1340 ventilators have been delivered to the States and UTs. 175), Bihar (100), Karnataka (90), Rajasthan (75).
As the government says that the killings in Smit are just a mistake, the union also says that the police should not investigate just for a mistake, the union strongly condemns the police on this matter.
Passengers have to show their ID cards before boarding the vehicle.
Bah Wahlang said this is because the government does not pay the salaries of the deficit teachers on time.
Acknowledging the diversity of views, Prime Minister Duh said that all these should be united for the construction of a prosperous India.
A message sent by the Governor of West Bengal, CG Ananda Bose, was also released on the occasion.
“This is something that the state cannot comment on or make any commitment because it is the responsibility of the central government. “The Union Government in a meeting with the Union Minister in charge of the Ministry of Information Technology to look into this matter,” said Conrad.
Shillong, July 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today said that the government has allowed the opening of beauty shops, beauty parlors and restaurants from the first day of 22/0 /2020.
At the same time, the party would like to thank the BDO, Officer of Mawsynram Block, Magistrate of the Office of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District and MLA/MDC of Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem for rushing to the meeting. these villages to visit those families who are suffering.
On the 17th of this month, police received a tip that there is a new hole in the Mawlai Mawtawar forest. The body is believed to belong to the missing youth. The investigation is ongoing, police said.
However, after our complaint, to the ECI, we informed with witnesses that our MLA who is not president and Bah THS Bonney who is not secretary have already resigned from the party.
However, we have not yet arrested anyone.
Speaking to reporters, the new President of the UDP, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that today a meeting was held with the Youth Wing Group of the UDP party under the leadership of Bah Embhah Syiemlieh, former MLA as President. In the first phase, the leaders discussed how to strengthen the party for the 2023 elections.
The Minister also announced that the 25 km road from Sohra to Kongthong village will be painted under the PMGSY scheme and this can be completed by July 2025 and this will be a blessing to the people. the people of the area.
The residents today saw that when they went to school for their children they had to walk on foot those who don't have vehicles. .
Conrad Sangma concluded the conclave by saying that this program is the beginning of the mission to develop the food economy and markets in the region.
In the second half, Na Rympei FC managed to score the first goal in the first half.
In the junior 48 kg category, Anthony Shadap won gold, Everest Diya silver, Donlang Trang and Mathes Makri won bronze.
The Search and Rescue Team (SRT) of the Fire and Emergency Service (F&ES) Shillong on receiving information about the incident rushed to the scene.
Those who attended the training were Dr Krishnappa R, Dr Anup Das, Dr Subash Babu, Dr Thoithoi M Devi, NRM (Dr BU Choudhury, Dr BC Verma, Mrs Prabha M) and in the field of soybean agriculture, Dr.VKVerma, Dr.Deshmukh NA. This training has helped a lot to these youngsters who are just starting to take up this agriculture.
Speech was delivered by Mecyah Momin, DRTB Coordinator, Williamnagar District TB Centre.
During the programme, the best performers under NRLM, athletes under District Sports Office, Anganwadi workers under ICDS were honoured while some of the beneficiaries of the schemes shared their experiences. They have received the schemes and benefits under the “MeriKahaaniMeriZubaani” section of this programme.
At the same time, the Chief Commissioner congratulated the state government for appointing the full commissioner of the state but at the same time he expressed his regret that the employees have been appointed as employees. shipping.
The Minister said that out of the total expenditure of T.399 crore, the government has already paid T.251 crore and the remaining amount is T.148 crore.
As usual before the start of the rally, the Riew Tymmen Riew San of the Seng Khasi Kmie, held another thanksgiving ceremony at the gate opposite the Pung Umiam. They witnessed all the signs of the covenant of righteousness that had already been asked, and the public struggle began to reach the clearness of Sohpetbeng, who had only the story of the relationship between mankind. and to the Lord God, who came through the golden throne.
Police have immediately conducted an investigation into the incident.
"This is our 'KartavyaKaal'
The wooden ladder and bamboo suspension bridge to climb and descend through the steep slopes are also sturdy and safe for tourists.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: U Ambrose Ch Marak, Director of Schools, Education and Literacy District, Shillong, has promised and confirmed to open a Government LP School at Domiasiat village in
Replying to a question by Bah John F Kharshiing, almost all the VECs said that almost all the job card holders have their own bank accounts.
Shillong, Lber 31: To mark the 150th birth anniversary of the founder of the Swami Vivekkanada Movement, a meeting of all the religious groups in Shillong was held today. think about what this great man has and says.
The Seng also demanded that MeECL should not respond to the letter to the Seng regarding the issue of electricity supply to the illegal residents of Maxwelton Estate.
The union congratulates the Chairperson of the SCPCR and hopes that the police will arrest this offender immediately.
: means Syrdep-aiñ because any goods that are old and worn out and no longer suitable for the time should be repaired or repaired so that they can be used again.
Sanjay Goyal said the government will look for ways and means to address the electricity shortage.
The Khasi residents of the area have already met with the Chief Minister of Assam to demand that the Assam government should set up the Barak Valley Khasi-Jaintia Development Council. for them to get development projects for themselves.
The office bearers of KSU Mawprem Unit include B.Nongbri as President, S.Shabong as Vice President, A.Nongbet as General Secretary, P.Warjri as Asst General Secretary, R.K. Dhar as Education Secretary, A.Mutyent as Publicity Secretary, R.Lyngdoh as Sports Secretary, B.Marbaniang as Asst Publicity Secretary, BKBlah as Asst Education Secretary, R.Nongbri as Asst.Education Secretary. Sports Secretary and 35 Executive Members.
At this meeting, it was handed over to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to look into this in conjunction with the Committees in the villages, districts and the state.
The KSU has sought an explanation on this issue and the Deputy Commissioner (who has just taken over) has promised to take action to look into the matter and to respond within a day.
He said the purpose of the party to hold this public awareness campaign is because it has been seen that the demands such as ILP, Pud u Sam, motor area, demand for investigation into corruption and others have been discussed. However, they failed because of the wrong election of leaders during the elections.
Let us work together to develop the country and with these words I thank all those who lived, fought and died for the country.
In the first leg of the tournament, Assam Riffle Laitkor scored 3 goals against Ryntih FC to reach the semifinals.
A book entitled 'Butterflies of the Garo Hills' (SP News) was also launched on the same day.
He said that as the MLA of North Shillong Constituency, he has been monitoring the issue of evacuation of the people living in Iewmawlong.
Prestone said the Cabinet has discussed the matter at the meeting today and after the discussion the Cabinet has decided to say “Yes” which means that the Cabinet has decided to The Cabinet has taken this decision to oppose this proposal of the Government because as Meghalaya has a small population, the Cabinet has taken this decision to oppose this proposal of the Central Government.
Similarly, other States /Union Territories should take concrete steps to empower PRIs.The Central Government has renewed its focus on governance capacity building and training for employees in PRIs to work for the SDGs and the alignment of Gram Panchayat Development Plans (GPDPs) with the SDGs in their areas.
Other speakers on the occasion were Cherak W Momin, MLA Sengman Marak, CE PWD Bah LD Suchiang and many other government officials. sun.
At the same time, she said that their presence within the KHADC is to protect and improve the customs and traditions. The laws can be improved and repealed if necessary.
Rah Moo Khrah, a traditional game from Jaintia Hills, is a game in which the participants carry a round stone weighing from 24.4 kg to 138.10 kg.
RPF seized 15.5 kilos of Gajna worth T.1.55 lakh from Rangiya and 37.4 kilos of Gajna worth T.3.74 lakh from Dharmanagar. He put the money in the bag without anyone nearby.
On the other hand, he said that Nongkrem has the opportunity to get the post of CEM if he is lucky. outside the constituency.
After the meeting, the Minister also launched a flag campaign for bikes and people to celebrate this day on how to avoid road accidents.
Also present on the occasion were Sanbor Shulai MLA, Wailadmiki Shylla MLA, Santa Mary Shylla and other government officials from JHADC. .
The students who attended the march were from various colleges in Shillong and also from schools.
Under Section 144 CrPC, the Deputy Commissioner of EKH District has declared a night curfew from 10 am to 10 pm. until 5 pm from today.
This initiative has reduced the cost of electricity for households and has also promoted the manufacture of LED bulbs in the country which also supports the “Make in India” campaign.
If there is any rejection by the Election Commission of Meghalaya, the party will decide what needs to be done together with the Election Commission.
Shillong, Naitung 26: As of 10.00 am today, 23 people have tested positive for COVID-19, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: Seven new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in West Jaintia Hills District, one in Ri Bhoi District today, according to the Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War. after.
After the consecration, he came to his village in Mawlong where the ceremony was held on the 2nd of this month and to offer the first mass in his parish and in his village. .
On the 27th, 139 cows were seized and on the 28th, 36 cows were seized from Jaliakhola and Kuliang.
Treiborlang said there has been a similar incident in East Godavari district in Andhra Pradesh in 2017 where 16 people have died after eating the wrong food. Andhra Pradesh has donated ex gratia of Rs 5 lakh to the families of the deceased.
According to the public announcement, there will also be a public meeting on that day at the school.
Furthermore, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of Land and Development, led the delegation to visit the Dhaka Central Jail where Tirot Singh Syiem is imprisoned.
The BGB's quickness to rap is a sign that there has been cooperation between the BGB and the BSF from India.
We don't like it and we don't like what you are doing,” the HITO leader sent a statement to the Assam Sanatan Dharma Sabha (ASDS).
This decision was taken at the Seminar held on 3rd June 2014 at the Community Hall of Padu Bah.
Shillong, July 10: The Government of Meghalaya has handed over to the National Institute of Public Finance and Policy (NIPFP) to prepare the Vision Document for the State of Meghalaya
On the other hand, the police said that their fight is against all illegal trade and such trade will not be allowed by the police to smuggle in the state. In Meghalaya, the police are vigilant in the fight against illegal trafficking.
There have been 506 recoveries from East Khasi Hills District, 183 from East Khasi Hills District. there are 48886 people.
The Minister said that it should be ensured that all the services to be provided to the people should be provided on time, from the offices of the Deputy Commissioners to the Block as well. There are challenges but we have to work together to provide services to the people according to the rules of law.
The Vice President of the HYC, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, said that one of the 18 men has confessed to the members of the HYC that he used to rape women in Khyndai. Way.
Is there any protection for our people here at the border if this export import is opened?
Speaking to reporters, Samla Banshai Marbaniang said that as the Syiem, the mother's duty is to rule by bringing peace and harmony to the children of the Hima and also to resolve the issues such as the public meets.
The President of the NPP said that the candidate from Mawphlang Constituency, the party will wait for a day or two before taking a decision. .
The total number of cases tested positive for COVID-19 in the state is 352, of which 307 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 236 cases from BSF, 57 cases from civilians and 57 cases from Army. 14 people.
The President of the Petroleum Dealers Association of Meghalaya (PDAM) Kennedy C. Khryiem in an interview with the media on Tuesday said, “Because Meghalaya does not have its own petroleum, it has been imported from Assam and oil trucks pass through Jorabad and when they reach Lad Umroi, some go to Jowai and Silchar.
That’s the danger we have as of right now.
On the other hand, Lt General Ahuja stressed that they should be brave, to keep the promise and honor of the Indian Army.
Using the power of the media, we aim to build a strong foundation to trust voluntary blood donation from the ground up.
Shillong, Lber 17: Replying to a question raised by Zenith M Sangma on the reports of Ramson Sutnga, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, said that message is sent in writing and the government will take action under the provisions of the law.
During the meeting, Minister Deborah C Marak said that she will look into their demand.
On Tuesday, the DC summoned the BSF chiefs on the matter.
All involved in this activity are encouraged to verify any story they hear from any source through the information provided in the Myth vs. Truth.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Governor of Meghalaya today approved the three boundary committees for the second phase between Assam and Meghalaya, to discuss seven sites, the Langpih is located in Borduar, Nongwah Mawtamur, Block II, Psiar-Khanduli, Deshdoomreah.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: Dozens of bull lights, televisions including water tankers, washing machines and refrigerators in Umshing village have been damaged by a sudden power outage. voltage, this happened on Saturday night.
Khliehriat, July 29: The AJYWO through a statement issued by its President Bah MH Dkhar, has demanded more from the NHAI through the GR Infra Project Ltd which is implementing the NH-6 speed-breakers and Road Safety Signals in all areas of the NH-6 through which pose a threat to pedestrians and drivers for the purpose of protection from accidents. unfortunately.
The Tourism Trekking Team of Wahkhen Village, as a sign of enriching and attracting tourists and the presence of tourist attractions, which have started to appear around the place recently, has decided to arrange to have a public sightseeing and walking tour of this greatest and most amazing mawbah which is also the King of stones.
It is said that 181 years ago when Tirot Singh was executed by the British in prison in Dhaka which is now part of Bangladesh, he understood the value of freedom and did not give up. foreign powers because of the love of their own nation.
He said Meghalaya is better off compared to other states in the North East in terms of climate and lack of agricultural activities without fertilizers.
When inquired by SP News Agency, the police in Jowai could not disclose the incident but could not give the number of the Gypsy.
The group was inaugurated by the President of India on 20th October at Rashtrapati Bhavan, New Delhi.
Remote Sensing based on forest related activities based on maps, Geospatial system to monitor MoDONER funded structures and forest ownership registration inspection, to provide information Satellite collection of information to resolve border disputes between the states of the North East has started on the recommendation of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government. Established in 2000, together with the North Eastern Council (NEC), NESAC is an independent body within the Department of Space Applications.
This will be the largest vaccination campaign in the world to be conducted in all parts of the country.
G.Kishan Reddy suggested that the NEC should prepare better for the international investment meeting to be held in June-June,
In view of this, all the payments until 2019-2020 have been released to the States.
The HYC strongly condemns the policy of forcibly transferring the land of the Khasi Hills to Assam and strongly condemns the policy of transferring the land without looking at the history and The truth is that they are the Khasi kingdom.
The HYC's intention to meet the Deputy CM is also that he is the chairman of the High Level Committee appointed by the government to discuss and look into the matter.
One of the SSA schools in Lad Mawknor, 11 miles from Umsning, does not receive the mid-day meal scheme allocated by the Government of India.
The Minister also inspected the status of scholarships for students and in this regard, she was informed that about 10,000 scholarships have been distributed to students in the last two years.
In anger, Banshngaiñ Tyngsong and his friend chased him from behind and stabbed him to death with a stick and a plate in the face,” said SP Ribhoi Jagpal Singh Dhanoa.
Shillong, March 19: The FKJGP Mawsynram Circle has visited Dr. Alice K Vizo, Sr.
Referring to the demand for the strengthening of educational institutions and health facilities, the Chief Minister promised that the government will take forward what the people are demanding as if they have jobs. It is the goal of the government to improve education and provide health facilities.
Shillong, June 11: U Brenath M Sangma has lodged a complaint with the police that in November 2016, his son Jackeus C Marak, 17, was abducted from his house by a 17-year-old man. Sanjit M Sangma went to Mysore to work in a shop.
The crowd was thrilled to watch the performances of the performers of the raim ka beit which were performed in Shillong and the dances by various groups.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed one new case of COVID-19 positive in Ri Bhoi District. There are 92200 people in the country.
Six cases, five civilians and one BSF personnel from East Khasi Hills District have recovered today, bringing the total number of recoveries to
Minister of State for Chemicals and Fertilizers.
Banking Correspondents were brought in to promote the acceptance of the scheme and to inform the people about the scheme and its components.
Shillong, November 19: U Bah Arbok Kharjahrin President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday said that these days it has been seen that there are politicians who think and talk that if uranium is mined, the decision will come.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Pai) congratulated all the office bearers of the Mawkynrew Cup Committee (MCC) who have worked hard day and night to organize the tournament. despite the many obstacles and challenges they faced but they were able to make the program a success and run smoothly.
In various districts, the Horticulture department and Krishi Vigyan Kendra (KVK) came forward to provide the seeds and saplings.
Furthermore, the Act prohibits these foreigners from becoming citizens of the state as they have to renew their Work Permit every 179 days.
The union, after seeing the decision of the present state government to accept the NCERT curriculum, expressed its deep appreciation for this visionary decision of the present government.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed that 19 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills district as of 10 am today. in East Jaintia Hills and 1 in West Garo Hills.
For more than ninety years, mostly under the rule of the Congress, this unique power of Assam has been forgotten.
He said that part of the SF-10 team last year was sent for special training in Nagaland and their swearing-in ceremony was held on Thursday at The state has sent police from Meghalaya and others from other states.
In another incident, BSF troops stationed at Naljuri in West Jaintia Hills have arrested Bangladeshis who have been smuggling drugs from Naljuri in West Jaintia Hills. Abul Hussain was arrested for smuggling stone into India.
Two athletes from Shangpung who won gold medals in the Nepal Open International Kickboxing Championship 2019 held in Kathmandu, Nepal from 1-4 June 2019 were also honoured. long the young man Heimonmi SUCHIANG and the young man Pynshrainmiki Rabon.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) is deeply saddened by the presence of people who are trying to take advantage of the protest called by various political parties on the demand for the implementation of the National Awakening Movement (KNM). Inner Line Permit in the State.
The party will not nominate a candidate from 19-Shillong South led by Sanbor Shullai and from Mairang led by Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker of the House.
In his speech, the leader of the party also touched upon other areas where the area is still in short supply such as roads and many other works that still need to be done to improve the community. .
On the other hand, the Ambassador of South Korea to India, Shin Bong-Kil, who was the Chief Guest at the closing ceremony of the Cherry Blossom Festival in Polo, expressed his surprise to see that the Cherry Blossom Festival in Polo. K-pop or Korean pop music is very popular in this state.
The organization includes all those who sell in the streets and street vendors around Shillong and its goal is to protect the right of income of the street vendors, to look after the welfare of the street vendors. market vendors and so on.
The complaint has been registered at Saipung Police Station and has been registered under various provisions of the law.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has refused to give tickets to the candidates who have proposed to contest the 2024 Lok Sabha elections in Meghalaya from Shillong and Tura constituencies.
Modi said that India has been on the road for thousands of years and has not reached this point.
So far, 35572 people have been tested positive, 34657 people have tested negative, 112 results are pending and 24147 people have returned.
Regarding the BJP, the party has put forward changes to clarify to the public on two issues whether the BJP really has the intention to turn India into a Hindu country and another question is whether the BJP really has the intention to turn India into a Hindu country. Shillong, November 09: The Union Minister in charge of Petroleum and Natural Gas, Dharmendra Pradhan today confirmed that the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Narendra Modi, has been appointed as the Prime Minister of Narendra Modi. Modi will arrive in Shillong on Saturday 16th November 2017 to launch the election campaign for the BJP party in Meghalaya to be held in early
The total cost of construction of these three bridges and one footpath has reached more than T.7 lakh which Bah Lambor has donated through his MLA salary.
The Meghalaya High Court, after hearing the complaint from the complainant's lawyer and also from the complainant's lawyer, the Meghalaya High Court, said that it did not Therefore, the case was dismissed and the decision dated 25.5.2016 was quashed.
In the past few years, some people have tried to spread garbage in this area, more importantly, with the aim of improving the quality of the soil. who is the ancient man.
The total number of cases has risen to 13, one has died, 10 have recovered and 2 are undergoing treatment.
The Meghalaya team will leave for the tournament on the 7th of this month at Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama in Narainpur, Chhattisgarh.
The Secretary, Textiles, Rachna Shah suggested to set up a group of Heads of Schools and Officers of the Department for further consultation and cooperation.
These courses will be in Business Administration (BBA), Bachelor in Computer Applications (BCA), BSc Environmental Science (BSc ES), BA Music, BSc in Food Science and Nutrition  bad ka Bachelor in Travel and Tourism Management (BTTM).
When we look at Nagaland, Mizoram and Arunachal Pradesh where the ILP has been implemented there is no problem and it has not hindered development, tourism or anything else but they are going smoothly and the ILP has hindered entry. The Central Govt has tried to revoke the ILP but the governments of these states especially in Mizoram and Arunachal Those who are ruled by the Congress are strongly opposed to the passage of this Act because they understand that the indigenous people live in the state through the ILP which protects the indigenous people in these states.
Similarly, these families live in poverty, whether it is in terms of health.
Vice President of India Jagdeep Dhankhar, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Union Minister in charge of Defense and Cooperation, Amit Shah, Union Ministers and dignitaries attended the ceremony. day.
It is not only this area that is affected and we have to understand that it will flood here and from now on it will start flooding to the north and south.
Dr.L Kharmuthe MCH and Dr.Iaineh L Mawphlang, who were present at the meeting, urged the parents to take action to protect their children by taking The government has not provided any assistance to the people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: Unidentified persons have detonated a petrol bomb at a shop selling liquor at Polo Market belonging to P Agarwal at around 8 pm this morning. you are not shymd on.
Others present included NCDC Managing Director Sundeep Kumar, Meghalaya Chief Secretary Y Tsering, Commissioner and Secretary Agriculture Department Sampath Kumar and other government officials.
The election for the KSU will be held on the 2nd July 2018 at the District Library Auditorium, Mynthong, Jowai.
Speaking to reporters, Microlina Syiemlieh President of MEMRIWU said that they have received a letter from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and today they have decided to end the strike indefinitely.
Shillong, July 21: The farmers of Mawkynrew constituency have demanded that the government should set up a market so that the farmers can sell their produce at a reasonable price.
The Railways came in second.
Earlier, he inspected the Grace Care Academy School at Patarim, Nongkwar and also the road at Nongneng B, Mawiong Umjapung.
Sanbor said that the coal traders and workers have been suffering for many years, to escape this disease, give the BJP, if you have suffered those problems why can't you support the BJP? Sanbor said that many youths are unemployed and the government in Delhi needs to do this. He said that there is a shortage of staff in all the departments of the government, but to do this, the money is needed to get the money. “If the youth understand this, they should vote for the party that cannot be in power if there is financial support from Delhi,” said Bah Sanbor.
Therefore , the association requests the MeECL to meet the needs of the people especially during this football season to turn off the electricity , to witness with their own eyes to see through television The RBYF requests the electricity department to ensure that the electricity should not be turned off on the nights of the World Cup.
The lockdown was held a day after the sit in demonstration organized by the union but the government did not believe and none of the leaders of the area to speak to the government on this issue. The delegation was led by KSU Mawkyrwat Circle General Secretary Rutherford Lyngdoh in the presence of Forwardman Nongrem.
Earlier, Bangladesh used to buy tyrpad from Meghalaya but after the state declared it as a markhlaw, the purchase has immediately stopped.
These 60 soldiers have been handed over to the state police for further investigation.
“The State Government through the Mining and Geology Department does not set a date or year to send the mining tax but it sends it according to the receipt of the letter or letter of allocation from the district. “I don't know how many years the money is for,” said Bah Pyniaid.
Shillong, July 16: U Pa'im Ainam Syiem, Syiem of Mylliem Hima, on Tuesday said that no one will be allowed to sit and sell land for the time being.
The Ministry of Tourism has spent T.7.06 crore to beautify the site from the construction of the footpath, the construction of the well and the fences. The water has covered the shyiap and caused the collapse of the well.
Shillong, Nailar 07: The Durbar of the 3 Villages of Mawlai Nonglum, Iewrynghep and Nongkwar was held on Saturday 2nd November 2014 at the 3rd Village Council. Mawlai Presbyterian HS School, Mawlai Iewrynghep.
According to the party congress, the harassment of political party leaders and central government officials including the army chiefs has started since 2017-2018 and is still continuing. affect the stability of the country.
He also said that the equipment required for power generation should be manufactured in India.
The union also demanded that the state government should reopen the MPSC examination center in Jowai to facilitate the applicants from West and East Jaintia Hills Districts. transportation and will also remove any problems applicants face with transportation.
There was no problem that caused them to lose heart.
AICC General Secretary Dr CP Joshi and other AICC leaders witnessed the entry of AICC General Secretary Dr CP Joshi and other AICC leaders. The border crossing will be held on the evening of Republic Day this month to mark the 69th Republic Day at Shillong Cantonment.
The purpose of the march and public meeting was to demand that the Government should end the uranium mining in South West Khasi Hills District and to strongly condemn the Government for not being able to do so. to investigate the discoloration and death of fish along the Blei River (Ranikor) for the past 5 or 6 years.
Pynsnghaing N Syiem will be in charge of Elaka, Legal Affairs, Grace Mary Kharpuri will be in charge of Market and Information and Technology. Victor Ranee will be in charge of Art and Culture. health, cleanliness, forestry and fisheries.
The union will also meet with Deborah Marak, Minister of School Education and Literacy and Roshan Warjri, Minister of Higher and Technical Education in the coming days.
Shillong, July 19: The Superintendent of East Khasi Hills, Davis NR Marak, today said that at 1.30 pm today, a man covered his face and broke into a house. at Mission Compound and took the three month old baby from the mother and put the baby in the womb.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the CEM said that the purpose of the meeting was to discuss the candidate for the KHADC speakership election on the first day of the month. The UDA has decided to nominate Bah Lamphrang Blah.
Speaking on the occasion, the CE expressed his surprise to hear that the transformer has not reached the village even after the order has been issued.
The meeting was conducted by KSU Mawryngkneng President Shainingstar Kharbihkhiew and was sworn in by KSU General Secretary Donal V Thabah.
The footbridge at Sonatola under Mawsynram Block has been destroyed by the floods, the footbridge at Suktia under Shella Bholaganj has been destroyed by the floods.
On the other hand, the Seng expresses its regret to see such incidents against our fellow citizens and if the Paid Karbi continue to use violence and harassment, we will not hesitate to take another path. the only way to the happiness of the nation.
“We will look at the National People's Youth Front (NPYF) which is the youth working wing of the National People's Party (NPP) whether it is willing to criticize the Minister or their MLAs on these issues. “It's a good idea,” said Bah Donbok Dkhar.
The government has banned the karmas of the finance department, the law department and the IPR department. Of these, 30 have been tested negative.
Regarding the maternal and child health centre, the government has now decided to hand over to the hospitals which are more skilled in this field to run as it is difficult for the government. to get qualified people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: Speaking at the XXVI Awards Ceremony of the students of the North Eastern Hill University Shillong, the President of India, Ram Nath Kovind, on Tuesday said that it is a great achievement for the students of the North Eastern Hill University. 76% of those who passed from this university are women and he said that everywhere he goes to honor the youth in universities he finds that women are better than men.
Shillong, July 19: The SSA Laskein Block Teachers Association (MSASA) today honored Bah Meker Shwa Wann, the founder of the SSA Laskein Block Unit. Ex-President and General Secretary of MSSASA Laskein Block Unit for his contribution to work for the welfare of SSA teachers in Laskein Block, district and the State as a whole.
Until now, those laws are still pending in the State Government and have not yet received the approval of the Governor to become full law.
Reports from Raj Bhavan Shillong said that the swearing-in ceremony will be held at 4.30 pm today.
This was announced by Samla Kenneth Nongsiej General Secretary KSU RIST-USTM Unit.
Police, who have been patrolling around Shillong, have also arrested people from Motphran and Umsohsun areas who are allegedly members of the KSU. (SP News).
One person has died of the disease in West Jaintia Hills District, bringing the total number of deaths to
Many of the chief executives have already expressed their opposition to the Bill.
He said that today he met with the SP of East Khasi Hills to clarify that the incident did not happen in Mawlyndep.
The Coordination Committee of the Monolith Festival 2024 will hold an emergency meeting at KHADC in the presence of Executive Members, MDCs, Leaders of Mawphlang Hima, Event Management Team and others. other has postponed the Date again.
However, as a patient, she has suffered from the lack of attention of the health authorities of Nongpoh Civil Hospital Nongpoh.
Many of the students who have to complete the Diploma in Elementary Education (D.El.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Ministry of Home Affairs today held a condolence meeting at the headquarters of the Ministry of Home Affairs to pay tribute to the four policemen who were killed by the GNLA in Garo Hills. Roshan Warjri's house was destroyed.
Demand for Grants- Dawa Bhahpisa is the allocation of funds allocated for the development of society whether it is from planned or non-planned government departments. ).
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: Members of the Meghalaya Dogs Users' Network (MeDUNET) today held a march from Iew Polo to the office of the Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MACS) to demand that the project director should be appointed. VHAM urges to continue the treatment of those people who have become addicted to drugs.
The union also expresses its gratitude to the DC of West Khasi Hill Bah S Kharlyngdoh and the BDO of Nongstoin C&RD Block for taking action in this regard. and immediate assistance was given to these refugees.
FS Rymbai said that the Union of Rangbah Shnong Jowai.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Davis R Marak said that he was arrested on Saturday night. Police are investigating the NSCN-K leader in connection with the activities of the NSCN-K leader in Meghalaya.
These departments have submitted to the SPB a report detailing the activities and the reports of the working group-IX will be sent to the Chairman, MSPB for decision. At the meeting, the ITC department expressed some of the issues related to the preparation of the Technology Park which is in progress and about 80 percent has been completed.
Shillong, June 04: U Phrepsing Wallang, resident of Mawpat, Shillong, who is the mother-in-law of Rev PBM Basaiawmoit, passed away this morning.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has announced that 9 people have recovered from the disease today, out of which 50 people are still suffering from the disease in the state. East Khasi Hills 7, Ri Bhoi 4 and West Garo Hills
The willingness of foreigners to shoot and bomb the Khasi shows that the rest of the authorities have begun to take over our country.
Therefore, when we looked at one of the games which was held at a shyiap ground at the end of the campus of Tura Law College, we saw that the youngsters, especially in the On the boys' side, there is a sign of hope for the state in terms of volleyball.
KSU Southwest Khasi Hills President Forwardman Nongrem said that Prestone has promised that the government will set up a sub-divisional level coordination committee. The SDO civil will include the BSF, Police and Village Authorities living in these border areas to resolve these issues faced by the people. that he asked.
After the closure, the owners of 46 shopkeepers came to the office to provide the documents related to foreign business.
The Chief Minister said that the situation from one district to another differs from one district to another and therefore the same curfew cannot be imposed. work in the Districts to remain closed or released.
Answering a question, he said that their joining the BJP party is because they want development works and their joining will strengthen the Executive Committee within the JHADC. Their joining the BJP will pave the way for development projects through the JHADC and these days there has been a meeting with the Minister of Tribal Affairs of the Union Government to seek help from the JHADC. On the allegation that the MDCs who have joined the BJP party have turned away from the people, Bah Lakhon said that they have not turned away from the people but they have done it for the sake of find opportunities for community development.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Shillong Bnonsai Society ( Shillong Bnonsai Society ) has once again launched the Bonsai Tree Exhibition which has been planted and cared for by people who like to keep trees in their homes. The ceremony was held at All Saint Hall Shillong.
"Mr Rangbah Duh announced to the country from Red Fort that urea barrels sold at T.3000 in the market around the world are supplied to the farmers of the country at a price not exceeding Rs. T.300.
So far, 99 Smart Cities have been selected and with Shillong's achievement of this rank, there are now 100 Smart Cities in India.
“If the Dorbar was formed for the welfare of the people, therefore, it is also the duty of the Dorbar to look after the welfare of the people and to correct those who have done wrong,” he said. Justice Sen.
He also appealed to all the participants to support and work for the aspirations of the freedom fighters for this country and to follow the basic principles inspired by the freedom struggle.
He said that in 2021, 2022 he was selected for the IPL Auction but unfortunately he was not bought at all and this year he hopes to be selected for the IPL. his ability to play well.
While the vehicle was parked, unidentified persons set fire to the vehicle and the government vehicle number ML-01-8602 was damaged in the incident.
"“I am not saying all the drivers but but some drivers of oil tanker trucks," he said, adding, 'from a tanker of 20,000 liters of oil, more than 200 liters of 12 thousand liters of petrol is 60 to 100 liters.
Titossatrwell said that their opposition is like the opposition from the civil society, civil society groups, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi. in the state of Meghalaya.
Applications can be obtained from 4th November from the offices of the Deputy Commissioners and the deadline for submission of applications is 12th November.
MDC Violet Lyngdoh, Doloi of Rymbai Elaka and Waheh Shnongs were present to witness the joining of Bah Swer to the BJP. Speaking at the meeting, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh said that under the BJP government, India has shown in many ways whether it is in the world or not. done for the development of the country as a whole.
Sector Officer Bipul Das and JJL Wahlang from the District Administration, ADC D Wahlang, Syiem of Mylliem Hima Pa,im Ainam Syiem and others were present on the occasion. The Ministers were also present on behalf of MUDA to ensure the cleanliness of the morning.
All liquor stores have been asked to cooperate.
The Commissioner said that the sale, storage and sale of fish injected with formalin or any preservatives is unhealthy according to the rules.
The ICDS office and residents of Nongtraw, Umdiengpoh, Laitsohpliah and Dewlieh villages in East Khasi Hills took part in the competition. .
Their songs are very pleasant to listen to and very thoughtful. There are also songs about the country and the nation, songs about human relationships, there are also songs about the words of wisdom are the words of strength.
Everyone is advised to follow along to avoid the blockage which will lead to loss.
The MPMC today held a march from Congress Bhavan and ended at the Additional Secretariat with placards to express their opposition.
What is surprising and disappointing to these people who ask for clarification from the JYF, are only intellectuals who live their days to criticize, lorni and ap thap just how to disgrace the JYF under the skillful leadership of President Bah PL Majaw who has fought hard to promote the Seng in many aspects of service for the country and the nation, especially the Seng is now in the midst of a struggle together with other Sengbhalang to force the government to implement I would like to say here that the JYF under the leadership of Bah Please provide the name, date and type of party you are involved in. Otherwise, the party will take strong action against such people who mislead the public by criticizing the people. “It is easy to destroy only in the past, to rebuild what has been destroyed is the time to improve,” said the JYF leaders. The Seng has given you one day to come to the office of the JYF as you have complained and asked for clarification from the Seng that please come without delay and if you cannot come the Seng will come. It is not necessary because there is a suspicion of some of the robbers who want to destroy the JYF in the name of snaiap.
On the other hand, the Government has urged all the manufacturers of dew byrtha, in this regard, many laws have been passed by the Pollution Control Board, and have been ordered not to use dew byrtha. colors that will not harm the environment.
Referring to the churches, he said that the churches should also have a special understanding for them, not to discriminate is not good and to solve the problem requires cooperation.
According to Rilang Nongkhlaw, on the night of 27th September 2017, the condition started to worsen and Damas Nongkhlaw was taken to Nazareth Hospital for treatment.
Donald also urged the government to join hands with the Dorbar Shnongs and political parties to educate the people across the state on the vaccine against the disease through the experts on the line. medication.
“If they have any complaints against Hindu teachers and Hindu students because this is not an NGO University but a Central University, they should file a case against us,” she said. .
New Delhi, Jymmang 14: The Minister in charge of Information and Broadcasting, Union Government, Manish Tewari today launched the multi-media platform, one of the means of disseminating development works in India. government to you do.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said that the education system in the state in the last four and a half years has improved. take and prioritize education.
Prof Streamlet Dkhar was elected as the Chairperson of the AIPC National and Minimon Laloo was elected as the Chairperson of the AIPC National. Vice-Chairperson, while Dr.Dokatchi Ch.
Hel said that Syiem Tirot Singh is not only the Syiem of Khadsawphra Hima but also the Syiem of the entire Jaidbynriew. I don't know if you don't follow me.
Shillong Lajong coach Thangboi Singto said that the presence of these skilled players will be of benefit to the team.
The arrested were identified as Manirul Ansari, 30, of Goalpara, Md. Ismail Ali, 28, of Tinsukia, Monosh Gogoi, 28, of Dibrugarh, Firoz Khan, 31, of Tinsukia. Assam, Raju Lama, 39, of Lower Dibang, Arunachal Pradesh and Hamidul Ali, 25, of Kamrup, Assam.
However, their excessive presence affects the climate.
In the face of Israel's relentless bombing of Gaza and the insurgency of Hindu militants in India, let us reflect on the way of the cross and the lessons we learn from it.
Our relations in the petroleum and natural gas sectors are unique in that there is investment in both countries.
He said that for 30 years now, the Khasi Seng has started to sell to the villagers and he said that the Khaddar rule should go hand in hand with religion.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The price of gas has been rising and falling every month and this has put the people who use the tyndong lyer for cooking especially in the urban areas. There is no increase in the price of tyndong lyer from one month to another.
"The list of players who received the awards are U-15 Girls Best Batter – Barkhatun Khanam (Manipur), Best Bowler – Prenu Manger (Sikkim), Best Wicketkeeper – Aakriti Sharma (Sikkim).
These baseless stories should not be allowed to be circulated," he said.
They are still looking for comments and at any time they find out that it is true that the disease cannot spread , or cannot infect others , so they will decide to change the the rules that have been published will not be able to make further decisions on these.
It is the cleanliness of the mountains, rivers and forests that can promote tourism in the state, not the railway. If the State Government wants to facilitate tourists to the State, the Ministry PWD should have improved the roads which the people of the state want, the arrival of the railway has made it easier for foreigners and not for the state residents, so the MR's decision to improve the road to Sohra to improve the work see if it's wrong.
They were arrested while they were trying to enter India.
At the same time, u Bah Khongwir urged the youth to maintain peace and order in the state and especially in Shillong as the unrest will affect the society especially the income. in addition to those affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Under the PLI scheme for medical equipment, so far 26 projects are sanctioned with an investment commitment of Rs 1206 crore and of this, so far, an investment of Rs 714 crore it is what has happened.
The Khasi Students' Union Jaintia Hills District Unit and Ksan Rngiew FC will fight for the title of the tournament. witness the football match.
Shillong, Naitung 21: As part of the celebration of the 5th Film Festival of India, the film Red Ant Dream will be screened on the 3rd of November. month at St Anthony's College auditorium.
During the meeting, they invited the Prime Minister to meet with the Union Home Minister as a group.
If it cannot, it is because those in power in Delhi want the rights of the entire nation to be restored.
Many students and patriots took part in that struggle and lost their lives in that struggle for their language; The Father of Bangladesh, Bangabandhu Sheikh Muzibur Rahman declared independence in March
The idea of ​​appointing new ones is to keep the work going.
The recruitment will be for office jobs, nursing jobs, construction jobs, maintenance and general work positions and other jobs.
The shortage of police in Meghalaya is more than 2000 personnel, sources told SP News Agency.
The union has given three days but otherwise it has vowed to close down the branch in Umsning.
Shillong, March 18: U General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Cherishsterfield Thangkhiew today surrendered his sword before the Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong at the office of the Director General of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC). the police.
In his speech as Chairman, PK Dubey encouraged the students to do well in their studies and encouraged them to join the army and BSF. Tura, July 23: The alliance between the UDP and the GNC in Garo Hills was announced on Tuesday at a meeting held in Tura between the leaders of the two hill parties.
Perhaps the biggest achievement of this Government is the decision to amend Article 370 and recognize J&K as a full territory of the country.
A Christian woman was arrested and executed for distributing the Bible.
“Only the God of peace can heal the broken hearts of all of you, the families of those who have lost their lives and also those who have lost their lives. Shillong, Jymmang 21: I would like to express my gratitude and appreciation to all those who have extended their hands of help at such a time,” said Bah HS Shylla, MDC Shillong. I am surprised by the explanation of Bah HS Shylla on the MOU signed between KHADC and UCIL on
If there are those who have not yet planted flowers, they can plant them again one day.
After the meeting, the remaining tasks were arranged and a number of tasks were discussed to be taken forward to the relevant positions and platforms where these tasks related to these tasks will be arranged. customs and trade related matters.
The Tamsa will not only end with the exhibition in Shillong, but will also include the training of people who will be able to improve what they have learned and the way they prepare food. they drink traditionally where the public can get matted.
According to the UNWTO report, the influx of people from other countries has increased and India increased to 40 percent in
The union has found that with the arrival of foreign companies there is also the involvement of foreigners and this will affect the income and influx into the region.
This was the statement of the working president after the party lost in four states.
The surprising thing is that the Pnar people from Karbi Anglong and Barak areas of Assam, as well as the Ri-War people from eastern Meghalaya to those who live in Raijbah Sylhet in Bangladesh. They still know themselves as Khasi, they still read Khasi books and they don't know anything about those Jaintia scripts.
Regarding these houses, he said, he has submitted a proposal to the government and now he has received the allocation of funds.
Among other demands, the meeting also decided that the National Register of Citizens (NRC) in Assam should be implemented in all other states of the North East. India by taking 1951 as the last census year and 1971 as the census year.
These decisions were taken at a meeting between the Union Minister in charge of Defense and Cooperation, Amit Shah and the Union Minister in charge of Chemicals and Fertilizers, Mansukh S. Mandaviya in New Delhi. .
(ioh rah Rs.3000/-, Certificate 7 Medal) 2– Shri.John.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma said that at the CLP meeting held today, they discussed what they will bring to the House. this meeting is not coming.
Therefore, the government notice issued on 21st November 2022 has been canceled and these villages issued today under the government notice will fall under the Patharkhmah Civil Sub Division from today.
The Chief Minister urged the residents to be thoughtful and if they are sick and to isolate themselves and if there is a fever, Suhkhriat and Jyrhoh should inform the government authorities so that they can take action. you don't have to.
At the same time, it is to take the opinions of the ADCs and civil society organizations. Sixth Schedule as it stands now.
In fact, the market was completed in November this year but due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the first phase has been scheduled to be completed in October
The awards were presented by the BJP candidate M Kharkrang from the 17th North Shillong BJP at Bamena House in Riatsamthiah.
The police have conducted raids on vehicles ranging from commercial vehicles to private vehicles in all districts of the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency. .
This month, the BSF has arrested more than three Bangladeshis at various places on the border with Meghalaya while they were entering India from the north of the country.
The BJP Mahila Morcha on Thursday celebrated Christmas with the children raised and cared for by the Gods Dream Home at Pynthorbah in the presence of the Minister of State, Bah AL Hek. BJP MLA, BJP Chief Spokesperson M Kharkrang, Mahila Morcha President Sukhi Pariat and other party office bearers.
Police have recovered an AK-47 rifle, two pistols and three rifles from Nongseng's house. On the other hand, the SP of North Garo Hills, Dalton Marak, said that GNLA supporters who are civilians may also have weapons. Police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing to find out more about those involved.
The documents mentioned below according to the requirements to be submitted are: (a) Caste Identity i.
Shillong, March 30: Answering a question by Bah C Sohtun regarding the construction of the KHADC Dorbar Hall, Executive Member in charge of Housing Department, Bah M Kharpran, said that the allocation of funds has been allocated. it is T.4.74 crore.
The people of the area are eager to see the Civil Sub Division.
“The Government today has set up an Expert Committee to study the State Reservation Policy and all the members of this Committee are foreigners.
But the life and death of the nation is important.
Pigs can be moved from one household to another only in those villages under supervision.
The employees have refused to go to court and the court has given 10 days to the government to pay. this court says it is sufficient.
At present, the preparations to sign the social peace agreement between the ANVC and the central government are in the middle of preparations and if there is a peace agreement, the agreement will have to be respected and it will have to be postponed. the term of office of this House.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The BSF has seized a fighter jet from Bangladesh to India on the border of South Garo Hills.
In 2010, there was an agreement between the Governments of Assam and Meghalaya that if there is any work on the border in the areas where there is a border dispute, it should not be informed.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The Mawlai Pyllun Samla (SSMP) today met with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar to discuss the issue of garbage dumping from Jowai to Mawlai. a garbage dump and a disposal site for the waste generated by the hospitals dumped in the area.
Shillong, July 02: The Rotary Club of Shillong has planted 1200 bougainvillea trees on the GS Road.
Also present at the meeting were Bah Michel Syiem, President of CSWO Agnes and Angela Rangngad.
In the women's category, 1st – Samla Deiritisha Lyngdoh Jarain of Mawnai, 2nd – Nerisha Nongrum of Pyndengumiong (Mairang), 3rd – La Aihun Hoojon of Lawrynjam.
BSF troops from the 110 Battalion have seized a truck carrying sugarcane bound for the Bangladesh border. Two Indians have been arrested.
The MeriMaatiMeraDesh campaign was held in two phases, the first phase of which included Shilaphalakam for freedom fighters and armed groups. you are a hero.
Shillong, Naitung 21: More than 3500 youths from Meghalaya have registered for the army in the last two days. 1000 people.
Other civilians were also injured in the blast.
Shillong, Nailar 26: Martin M Danggo, PWD (Road) Parliamentary Minister, Shillong, has announced the appointment of posts to the Ministers of the Government of Meghalaya. Ronnie V Lyngdoh has been appointed to the post of Urban Affairs, Stamp and Registration.
This decision has empowered pregnant women to have a clear understanding of the vaccination process.
The Pradhan Mantri TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyaan is a new scheme launched by the President of India on 9th November 2022, in which private individuals, political parties, NGOs and companies are also involved. They have decided to participate by supporting and helping those who are sick between 6 months and 3 years old.
Receiving this, the national president of the NPP said that although it is good but there are some problems, we have to take the opinion of all before taking any decision. and this purpose.
From Sutnga Saipung Constituency, Victor Suja has been appointed as President and Michel Nongtdu as General Secretary.
Poets from Meghalaya had the opportunity to read their poems in the Khasi language and with the performance of traditional Khasi dance the poets took part in the dance in traditional costumes. the participants were blinded.
On the other hand, the FKJGP demanded that the Forensic Laboratory should be improved for the purpose of investigation and that the number of female police officers should be increased in Williamnagar.
On the other hand, the state government, as it wrote on the 30th, that it is against the CAB, will stand on the same ground as it is now.
Bah MH Dkhar said that even the MLAs who lead the people of the state from the coal-rich areas have not worked hard to help. “This shows that if this happens, the people will be turned away by their own leaders. “The invasion of foreign forces to interfere with the mining and quarrying of coal in Meghalaya is a mistake,” said the AJYWO leader. The Government of Meghalaya has its own state.
According to the ECI, the BJP won 240 seats, the Congress 99 seats, the Samajwadi Party 37 seats, the All India Trinamool Congress 29 seats and the JD. (U) 12 seats, Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam 22 seats, Telugu Desam 16 seats, Shiv Sena (Uddhav Balasaheb Thackrey) 9 seats, Shiv Sena 7 seats, Lok Janshakti Party (Ram Vilas) 5 seats, Communist Party of India (Marxist) 4 seats, Yuvajana Sramika Rythu Congress Party 4 seats, Aam Aadmi Party 3 seats, Jharkhand Mukti Morcha 3 seats, Nationalist Congress Party Sharadchandra Pawar 7 seats, Rashtriya Janata Dal 4 seats, Indian Union Muslim League 3 seats, Janata Dal (Secular) 2 seats, Communist Party of India 2 seats, Rashtriya Lok Dal  2 seats, Jammu & Kashmir National Conference 2 seats, Communist Party of India (Marxist-Leninist) (Liberation ) 2 seats, Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi 2 seats and other parties won 1 seat each.
Pratibha Devisingh Patil, former President in 2007 and 2011 and recently President Pranab Mukhrjee in the Fourth National Assembly in
The BJP will win more than 272 MPs in the Lok Sabha.
Besides, he said he wanted an assurance from Bah Pynshngain that there should be a special fund for the Annual Academic Excellence Award of Mawsynram.
Police today implemented the order of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District that the traffic from Kashari to Motphran will be according to odd and even numbers.
This will not affect them because the time is still enough for them to strengthen the party now, while in the last election they came out before the election like Bah AL Hek came out a day before the election. the party in trouble.
In a statement sent today, the former MLA of Ranikor said, “I don't know anything about what has appeared in the media or social media. I don't want to be a member of the NPP party.
Regarding all the documents to file a case in the Supreme Court against the ban on challans, the order of the Meghalaya High Court has been prepared and signed by the Chairman of the Meghalaya Steering. Mining Lease Holder Jropsingh Nongkhlaw with members of the Committee.
He said about Rs 4 lakh crore has been spent on the JalJeevan Mission.
The KSU Narpuh Circle and the people are shocked by this annual pollution of the Wah Lukha, and what disappoints the people is that the government is silent without doing anything. They are looking for ways and means to arrest those involved and destroy the Wah Lukha which is famous for its fish stocks.
Shillong, June 25: The State Food Testing Laboratory in collaboration with the Commissioner of Food Safety, Department of Health and Family Welfare today held a one day workshop on food safety.
The North Eastern Hill University (NEHUSU) on Tuesday announced the results of the election for the election of the new office bearers of the North Eastern Hill University Students Union (NEHUSU) for the term of this year. 2024-20225.
That is why, on our part, we say we don't want to participate in the Committee,” said Bah Marbaniang.
He said that they are waiting for the Regional Committee of Kamrup District to send a letter to inspect the area which has been regarded as a border dispute.
Those couples have lost their love for each other until it has led them back to the bondage of destruction until they have lost their love for each other.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that at a meeting chaired by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, they discussed the availability of food items in the country. the state.
he gave himself up for the poor and needy, especially in the countryside.
He recalled that in every election he contested against him, he came second with more than 7000 votes and in 2013, they contested against Bah PK Raswai in the hope that they would win. They won by 465 votes and now the joining of this party to the Congress party is the way to win the incumbent MLA from the Congress party.
The cost of construction and painting of this road will be T.30 lakh.
The Principal of Sacred Heart Higher Secondary School, Father Rev Benny Joseph in a statement sent today urged all the rebel groups in the area to stop the violence, demand for money and killing of civilians.
After the meeting with the members of the Commission, the Chief Minister told reporters that the purpose of the meeting was to know the financial situation of the state.
This is the reason why the KHADC authorities do not want a full Syiem in the Hima Mylliem.
At present, there are 54 Himas, 18 DoloiShips and 1400 Nokmas in Garo Hills.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the blood bank has been opened for many years and it is too late to get a license from the authorities. The Blood Bank should start with the Ministers, Government officials as well as the journalists and then the public. Dr. RC Laloo, in his speech, expressed his gratitude to the JSU for taking the initiative, supporting and encouraging the government to establish this Blood Bank in Jowai. The Blood Bank was opened today.
People can take books for up to two weeks and have to return them after they finish reading.
There are 424 recoveries from East Jaintia Hills, 4 from East Jaintia Hills, 291 from East Khasi Hills, 8 from Eastern West Khasi Hills, 19 from Ri Bhoi, 6 from South West Garo Hills and 2 from West Garo Hills. Hills 89, West Jaintia Hills 1, West Khasi Hills 4 cases.
In a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, Bah S.Nongtnger said that during the search operation, police recovered 1.13 grams of heroin from the suspects. Heroin, 417 empty syringes, 39 unused injection needles, two mobile phones, a Tata Intra Pick-up (ML 05 Z
Shillong, Nailur 10: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to a question raised by Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem regarding the The Chief Minister said that Assam should not just talk in general, when you know exactly the number of suspected people in the villages, inform the government authorities.
The Central Bureau of Commission is also conducting programs across the country to promote Yoga.
Shillong, Nailur 21: A public hearing on the NPR Biometric Enrollment or Aadhaar was held at H. Elias Higher Secondary School, Nongthymmai.
“We have come to inspect the department in the presence of the Minister to show our desire.
They sacrificed their lives so that we could have a better future.
He said that as a nation, we have raised Kiangnangbah who was executed, Tirot Singh who died in prison, but he said that in this era we must fight regardless of whether they are in the struggle or not. that they may be destroyed.
At the same time, the JAC condemns those people who canceled their meeting held on the 9th of this month in Nongstoin to demand that the KHADC should issue the NOC. The JAC is still waiting for the return of the CEM from Delhi and what answer they will get before they come to the KHADC whether it should be the people or only the leaders.
Prime Minister Duh handed over several medical colleges during his recent visit to the state and today, he handed over AIIMS and three medical colleges.
She concluded her speech by encouraging the students to take Folic Acid once a month and Albendazole twice a year to eradicate anemia.
The KSU Narpuh Circle and the Waheh Shnongs of Narpuh Elaka have marched with placards and slogans condemning the National Highway Authority. of India and the State Government by gathering at the revenue collection gate of the National Highway Authority of India at Lumshnong.
Chi long, President, Shaniahskhem Dkhar; Vice President, Chawas Dkhar and Market Dkhar; General Secretary, Kyrshanbha Dkhar; Assist.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong said that the cause of the fire is unknown as it broke out suddenly at night when the people who lived in the shops were still asleep. The loss of life was great but there was no tragic incident.
This will help to know how much money is in the accounts of the sellers and will avoid theft in the coming and going and most importantly will help in increasing the trade of or a merchant.
No more than two persons shall be allowed to accompany the winning candidate or the leader who has been authorized to receive the certificate of election from the Returning Officer,” said the District Magistrate.
As notified, these new criminal laws will come into force on May 1,
The objective of the Yatra is to provide information on the major schemes of the Government and to achieve full implementation of these schemes.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that the total number of cases of Covid-19 in Meghalaya has risen to 1178 and 42 people have tested positive for COVID-1
Thus, by working together, we will be able to be on the path of a hopeful future where the wisdom of nature will guide us and the power of working together will help us move forward.
T.2,00,000 cash and several SIM cards, mobile phones and documents related to the NSCN-K were recovered from them.
The question is whether the new EC will change the RITI DUSTUR ?  If we take three years, one EC should have had only 12 ECs. After 60 years, we have more than 34 ECs.
HPCL's 120 TMTPA LPG Bottling Plant has been constructed at Harsidhi in East Champaran district at a cost of T.136.4 crore.
It is also an honor for the Army, which has received a total of 119 medals, in various awards. Those who received the Police Medal for bravery are 11, Police Medal from for good works 10 people.
Loius said that the HNYM is deeply saddened by this as the implementation of the Roster system since 1972 has already caused a huge loss to the youth of Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
He said that after the SSA teachers who have not completed their studies according to the NCTE norms, they too will receive the same salary of T.19,0 Lower Primary and T.20,493 for Upper Primary.
The government is currently inviting tenders and the tender will end on 21st November and after selecting the contractor, the PWD will start the work.
On this day, the cooking process will be divided into two parts: mutual training and exchange of cooked food between Thai and Pnar people.
During the inspection from Bataw to Lad-Lakadong, the government was able to select the Football Ground of Umlangsha Village as the most suitable location.
He mentioned the benefits such as access to adequate housing, water supply, toilets, free health care.
Referring to the Government's monitoring, Minister Duh said that more than 1.5 lakh health centers are being brought closer to people's homes around the world to provide testing and first aid. .
Shillong, Lber 28: The students of Pynursla and Mawsynram areas have been closed down three NCC training centres, two in Pynursla and one in Mawsynram. don teacher.
“On the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for the 20 km road from Wahkaji to Mawthabah, it is the demand of the people because the people have faced difficulties in coming and going, the government has T.20 crore. The Governor of Meghalaya, MM Jacob at that time, called me and said, why don't you build the road, UCIL will give you money if you get Whether or not to mine uranium is up to the state government and on 01.08.2016 the government has decided not to give land to UCIL”.
Chief Justice Prafulla is the second Chief Justice of the MHC after the retirement of Chief Justice Mema Kumari.
This initiative is in line with the vision of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi to have “AtmaNirbhar Bharat”.
People can submit their views to the group by sending letters or by visiting the office of the group in Nongrim Hills Shillong.
Unidentified persons also set fire to the office of the Animal Husbandry Department at Riangdo in West Khasi Hills.
After a thorough discussion on the MLA Election 2018, and especially on the MDC Nongkrem Bye Election last year where the Congress candidate came second with 4198 votes and opinions from all over the 22 -Nongkrem Block Congress Committee (NDC) has approved the proposal of Bah Lamborsing Nongrum to support Bah John F Kharshiing, President, Nongkrem Block Congress Committee, as the MLA candidate Zinc Congress.
On the allegation that government ministers and MLAs should support the work of the prime minister, the MPCC would like to clarify that at the recent MUA-II meeting, it gave its unanimous support. MPCC General Secretary Polycrap K Marak said in a statement that the Prime Minister has been appointed as the Prime Minister.
Regarding the increase in crimes against women, Ms Phanbuh urged the civil society organizations and the village authorities to work together for the protection of women in all sectors of society.
The Chief Minister, Cornad, without naming himself, said that some MLAs from the Congress party have expressed their regret to see the speech of the Congress leader. Speech by the leader of the Congress party.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11:The 3rd North East Youth Festival 2012 was held at Itanagar, Arunachal Pradesh for three days from the 7th of this month. on the 10th.
In the letter, Singh said that they will complete the election of the new president of the Harijan Panchayat Committee and register the new committee at the office of the Registrar of Societies.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Chairman of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the post of Speaker will be discussed within the MDA. Speaking to reporters, he said that as the MDA, there are seven political parties in which they have to talk together and not take just one political party.
The operation of the lights will be from 6 pm to 10 pm.
However, there is still a gap in digital jobs between men and women, both in terms of access to these and also in terms of learning about them.
Titosstarwell Chyne said that from the MDC scheme, solar lights will be built and the MLA will build prefab structures to serve as guest houses for people to stay when they come.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The Division Forest Officer (DFO) of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has suspended the issuance of challans for the export of Mawshun from East Khasi Hills District. How to process LCs which have already been received from importers from Bangladesh.
In his speech, Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar announced the great works of Soso Tham in the field of promoting Khasi writing and reading.
The cards clearly state that the unemployed should not be charged, they should not be allowed to use unemployed equipment, they should not be allowed to use Smart Meters. , and demand that they should receive their salaries.
The program was conducted by the Sordar Shnong Mawnai Bah.
For the teachers and other remaining teachers, the government is following the rules and will look into this matter to take good measures for the teachers.
This was done without knowing the reasons or consulting the Joint Action Committee of Wapung C&RD Block, the Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur and the Dorbar Shnong Wapung Shnong, who have been involved from the beginning until the end. C & Block of Khliehriat.
The road from Mawngap to Mawphlang is the road used by vehicles to South West Khasi Hills District and vehicles to Mawsynram and Dangnar as well as Ryngku and Balat.
and the time is from 3 pm to 4 pm.
Through the election of the Ribhoi District Leader, Nafisabeth has been able to participate in the two-month Yuvika Program which was held at the North East Space Application Centre, (NESAC) Umiam, Ribhoi District, from 12th March to January 24,
Currently, there are only 35 countries that have access to information but these too are not stable.
Tirot Singh Syiemlieh took part in the Anglo-Khasi War from 1829 to
The office bearers elected on this day are; Environment & Cultural Secretary Samla Kwilnis Suchiang, Assistant Environment & Cultural Secretary Samla Shaphrang Pynkhlong, Employment Cell Secretary Samla Streamly S.Niangti, Assistant Employment Cell Secretary Samla Shaniah Skhem Dkhar, Assistant, Samtu, Samtu Cheright Secretary Khriem Kistar Suchiem Assistant Education Secretary Samla Ricky Syntem, Assistant Office Secretary Samla Liosius Niang.
Shillong, Naitung 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that he does not blame any political party in connection with the Tura incident. So far, 40 people have been arrested.
The INC, BJP, UDP and HSPDP are the political parties that have come to take part in the preparations for the MP elections. ensure that the EVM and VVPat are working.
Referring to the criticism of the BJP in India by some political party leaders in the state, Bah David said that many of the legislators in the state in the past years “They are Christians, so what have they done to improve the state in terms of income and others,” he asked.
In 2016, in the fight against insurgents in Garo Hills, 136 GNLA members, 119 who came to surrender and seized many tire bombs from the terrorist group.
Speaking to SP News Agency, SBS Secretary Vishu Singh said that these days you can plant these plants in your own homes, and these plants are very beautiful and attract tourists. .
The government should not hesitate to hand over Emergency Health Services to companies with bad reputation,” said the MEMRIWU leader. His wife Poonam Singh was stabbed to death on 31st March, 2023 at her residence in Laban, who sustained serious injuries and is still undergoing treatment at the hospital.
The KHADC Village Administration Bill 2013- Amendment to the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India by the Resolution of the Dorbar dated 4th June 2013, and to hold a Special Session on 13th August 2013, at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, at 11 o'clock to commemorate the 65th Anniversary of the signing and ratification of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement by the Government of India on 17th August
According to these laws, all house owners outside the Municipal are required to obtain permission from MUDA for the construction of their houses within Shillong.
The confusion arose after some of the supervisors of Nehu University tried to mislead the announcement of Nehu University by intending to change 10 percent to 10 marks.
In this regard, the police have taken the complaint and will soon conduct an investigation into the incident.
The opening ceremony was attended by Rev SR Dkhar, Senior Administrative Secretary, KJP Assembly. Superintendent of this Hospital.
Launching the Almanac, Samla Lambokstarwell said that Bah Michael Syiem told about the Almanac which was written for 300 years of those days and years.
In Jirang, the second place went to St Peter's School, Umling and the third place went to Elizabeth Mawiong, St Peter's School, Nongkhrah.
In a statement sent today, he said that they formed the party 29 years ago on the basis and it is on the basis that they will stand up to fight. without any basis and this has made them easy to surrender.
The Chief Minister said that the government will introduce any law that can be done only within the state government according to the Constitution of the country without going to the central government.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today met with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Latho M Syiem and several Ministers. Regarding the market, the EC together with the Syiem and the people have decided to hold a meeting on the 12th of next month to discuss the market. held in Motphran.
Regarding the number of cases in the state, although it has decreased, it is not yet time to take action.
On the other hand, the Director said that this information has been sent to all the children's homes to register themselves and this has also been informed through the media.
Shillong, June 30: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle led by President Samla Laitphar Syngkrem and General Secretary Samla Lurman B. Talang and several members have left War Jaintia Circle to provide assistance to those under home quarantine in War Jaintia Circle. Jaintia.
The Prime Minister has reviewed the implementation process for this purpose.
Jesica Malangniang, one of the jhur traders, said that the Meghalaya government has not yet given permission to the jhur traders from the state to export jhur abroad. The permission has affected the jhur farmers.
John Lyngdoh, President of HYC Shillong City.
To ensure the safety of the residents who eat fish imported from outside Meghalaya, the Assistant Commissioner of Food Safety Office, Kong DBS Mukhim on Friday inspected the fish market in Iewduh and to conduct a test to determine whether there is still a need for the injection of formalin into the fish.
When asked whether he has any information on these issues, Bah Lyngkhoi said, “Until now I don't know what their purpose was when they convened the meeting.
SOT Police in Umiam on receiving a tip on the incident rushed to the scene to search for the suspects. which have not yet been used and also petrol in plastic bags.
This message of condolences is sent on behalf of the people of Meghalaya.
Regarding the cultivation of soh niamtra, the farmers said that they don't know why in the past when there was no dewbilat factory in Sohra there was no tram death of soh trees but now it is. Many of the farmers said that the price of soh farming is too high and to do this farming has lost hope.
Our aim is to help reduce and prevent blindness due to lack of proper eye care,” said Dr. Basaiawmoit, Medical Director Bansara. Eye Care Centre.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The ASHA staff of Umden PHC today conducted a public awareness campaign on the COVID-19 pandemic at Umden Market by explaining how to prevent the spread of the disease and how to protect yourself.
Shillong, July 17: The Secretary to the Chief Minister's Secretariat of Meghalaya has appointed Bah Allantry Franklin Dkhar and Arlene Sangma as Advisors and Secretaries to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
In the speech of Dalseng, Ch.
On the other hand, the State Government would like to extend its special thanks to the VECs who have worked hard to implement the MGNREGA, not only for employment to the people but also for the development of the villages and the state. one of the states which has implemented this scheme well of the Central Government.
On the same day, the UDP, as a sign of welcoming Bah Tamdorlang to the party, has also appointed him as the Working President of the Youth Wing of the UDP. G Kharrasawai, Chief Organizer, Youth Wing, Mawsynram Constituency.
Shillong, July 25: Police in West Garo Hills District today arrested nine persons involved in the kidnapping of a man from Dobasipara.
The BSF troops after arresting them, handed them over to the state police for further investigation.
Two members of the Garo National Liberation Council (GRA) were arrested by the East Garo Hills District Police while they were on their way to collect the money they demanded from Rongjeng Reserve Forest on Friday.
This is the first sanad to empower the Sordar of this village after 32 years of Sordar rule in this village in
Shillong, Nailar 05: U Augustine Marak, Member of the Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC) on Tuesday said that the memorandum submitted to the Central Government to demand Garoland is not new. Hopingstone Lyngdoh and Clifford R. Marak, the ancestors of the Prime Minister of India in
Meghalaya came third with 11 gold, 7 silver and 2 bronze medals.
He said that the Garo Hills District Council is in the process of preparing a draft of the Bill on Tribe Certificates while the Jaintia Hills Council has not yet prepared any draft Bill. the draft of this Bill.
After the meeting with the Commission, PN Syiem CEM of KHADC said that the KHADC has requested T.950 crore from the Commission for the next five years.
The Rangbah Shnong of Ortila Nongrum, who is entitled to receive all the ration, has also deprived her of her son's ration. Ortila has gone to the SP to report the incident and now she has received the ration.
The Union Minister said that in this age it is necessary to know the languages ​​of others besides the English language which is known to all.
The meeting was conducted by Dikkanchi D Shira MLA of the constituency. In the presence of WD Sangma, JMC convener, Naba Kumar Das from West Bengal, Joint Secretary of GHADC, CB Chetry. retired officials and government officials from Bangladesh.
Through an allocation of T.17.5 million, the Out Post has been constructed under the Police Infrastructure Renovation Fund (PIRF) scheme at Malangkona village under Mawsynrut Civil Sub-Division.
These are the new laws of the Indian Constitution, 2023; the Bharatiya Citizen Protection Act, 2023 and the Bharatiya Sakshya Adhiniyam, 2023, which replaced the old criminal laws such as the Indian Penal Code 1860, the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 and the Indian 1 Evidence Act.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The KSU EJHDU on Tuesday announced that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has no plans to build a railway line in East Jaintia Hills District. You have written a letter of protest against this decision of the Government.
It is for this reason that on this occasion, the CEM of KHADC urged the Khasi women to look after their fellow citizens.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: Police of Laitumkhrah Police Station today filed a chargesheet against a 14-year-old girl. Bah Juluis Kitbok Dorphang, 52, MLA of Mawhati and four others who were allegedly involved in this crime.
The Chief Minister, who is currently in Delhi, has spoken to the media in connection with this incident. In this great country, punishment is for those people who don't know anything and they should be punished according to the laws of the country.
On the other hand, the police have urged the public not to succumb to such offers and to be vigilant to avoid problems.
Motor Vehicle Inspectors (MVIs) on Tuesday evening seized trucks carrying goods at Lad Umroi, Umïam, including those carrying beverages which were about to enter Shillong. The Transport Department of the State Government has violated the order of the Electricity Department prohibiting and setting a limit to allow freight vehicles to pass beyond the Damsite Bridge.
He said this is also important because if India wants to cooperate with countries along the eastern border, it must have a strong foundation in the areas near the eastern border including the states of the region. shatei lammihngiBecause of the geographical conditions and richness of natural resources as well as agricultural and climatic resources, Dr. Jitendra Singh said, to have access to new markets Asia important for full exploitation of trade opportunities.
Shillong, Naitung 11: Today was the World Population Day and the theme of the celebration is “A country is a happy home”. The meeting was organized by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the State Government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The residents of Tanglei Village under Mawkynrew Constituency have been able to achieve their goals through the hard work of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Mawkynrew Constituency. MDC Mawkynrew Constituency to bring about development works through the opening of the House which has been allocated 4 lakh tyngka through Special Assistance Schemes.
This exhibition is known as “SHWET ASHW”.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that seven people have died of COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills. The death toll has risen to 1125 in the state.
The party has requested the Prime Minister and the Principal Secretary that Jaintia Hills should be included in the State Anthem according to the petition.
The ANVC(B) understands that Sohan's participation will help bring peace.
To prevent this, the office has always sprayed the nuts that have been hidden in the area because when the JCB machine moves the nuts, the snow has appeared by spraying the nuts. to the smell.
After the organization saw this shortage of jobs especially among the educated youth; The Tynrai Foundation, Shillong, has organized a workshop on youth and agriculture sponsored by the Nehru Yuwa Kendra, Shillong.
If you want to do that, why don't they contact the relevant authorities,” said Warjri.
He said that for the year 1029-2020, the Professional Tax paid is only T.8.94 lakh, in fact if it is paid in full it will reach T.12 crore. cause of delay in the work within the department.
Police have learned from the ID that the group belongs to the ANVC(B) and their goal is to get their own Garo state.
There are those who condemn and criticize them but only one or two who look for the root causes and explain why it happened or happened until the sunset (that this worship came from the West) .
That is, there will be sustainable economic development and a better future for the youth of the North East.
Shillong, Iaiong 06: The Students' Union of NEHU has appealed to all civil society organizations to release the university from any protests in the coming months as the examinations have started from 27th October. last month and will continue until the 16th of this month.
New Delhi, June 09: The Union Education Minister chaired a meeting of government officials on the implementation of the NEP-2020 in New Delhi today.
The union said that this road is not only used by the children of Nangbah Shnong but it is a road used by many neighboring villages.
Agnes said that the civil society has nothing to do with these allegations of the government but there are others who are trying to tarnish the image of the civil society.
At this meeting, the HLC today directed the PWD to prepare a Detail Project Report. After receiving the preparation from the PWD, it will be possible to know how much the cost will be. said Mr. AL Hek.
What has shocked the tourists is that the plastic bags that have been thrown away by the tourists have not been cleaned. tourists because it is impossible to clean this place which attracts thousands of people every day.
This is according to a statement sent by the Dolloi Darang, Bah Pyrwa Lymba.
Besides, all vehicles and the public are requested to join hands and also to support the curfew to avoid any tragic incidents that may be committed by the perpetrators during the hours of the curfew. .
Tura, July 05: Although the MP election to the Lok Sabha will be held in June and June this year, the people of Garo Hills still do not know who will be the candidates for the election. election to come.
Shillong, Nailar 06: There are 64 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Jaintia Hills, 1 in East Jaintia Hills and 1 in Eastern West Khasi Hills. North Garo Hills 2, Ri Bhoi 7, South Garo Hills 3, South West Garo Hills 3, West Garo Hills 27, West Jaintia Hills 2 cases.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The BJYM Meghalaya has rejected the decision of the state government to hand over to the Meghalaya Mineral Development Corporation Limited to mine coal in the state.
He said that the government has opened Government Colleges in all districts of the state, which does not mean that it can be done within a year, but the government will open government colleges in all districts of the state. After another, there was no Community College.
On the other hand, the BSF said that all this is happening because there are people who work in this field from nearby villages who know the road well so that people from outside cannot. do this illegal business.
Shillong, July 02: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawsynram Circle in collaboration with the Mawkasain Unit has visited Mawkasain and Mawrapad villages to distribute food aid to those families affected by the floods. This is the only country in India.
Shillong, June 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced on Twitter that at the ceremony in Delhi for the freedom fighters, many of the women who stood out were Phan Nonglait. I'm from Meghalaya.
Nongstoin, Lber 26: The Publicity Secretary of the HPSO of Rambrai, West Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday said that the HPSO will not hesitate to close down the offices of Aircel and Reliance if they cannot. connect to the network.
– it means that it is not allowed to appear or appear in the world from the set or hidden.
The four organizations also demand that you should take action to resolve the boundary between Meghalaya and Assam on the basis of the history, maps and documents of the villages and Elaka under the JHADC. The four organizations have also expressed their readiness to support in protecting the boundaries of the Villages and Elaka within the JHADC and we hope that you will accept and take action on their demand. The letter was signed by Robert June Kharjahrin, President HYC, Lamphrang Kharbani, HANM and others.
He said that the people should not worry because there is free money.
The Chairman spoke on the need to establish partnerships with private companies in the field of tourism in Meghalaya.
Answering questions, the Minister in charge of Forest Department said that he does not have the right to give figures on how many forests have been approved by the government and how many are illegal in the state.
The announcement will be issued on the 21st of this month and the nominations will be made on the 28th and completed on the 29th and the withdrawal date will be on the 31st of this month. The election will be held on the 10th of June.
At the time of writing, no information has been received from the PWD building or the authorities of the Legislative Assembly regarding the collapse of the Dome. knowing that there will be an accident.
Shillong, March 04: A boy was found dead in a toilet behind the office of the Atomic Minerals Directorate (ADB) in Umkdiat, Umkdiat. Nongmynsong police station.
On the other hand, the DC invites all the traders to attend the meeting as the public meeting will be taught how to use the machines and documents in the payment process. he tad ha you iathied you pet.
PA Sangma said that his return to national politics will help the Garo people in many ways, on the allegation that he has not done anything in the past years. Purno said compare the work he has done with what the government has done.
The effort to provide street lights to the villagers has started in Mawlongbna village which falls under Mawsynram Block. per night.
“Sangma has informed that he will release this patriotic song at the Meghalaya Day celebrations in Tura on Saturday.
If the people cannot pay, what will they do to the people? Have you decided?.
After this incident, although an FIR was lodged by the Mawlasnai Police Outpost, the Assam police decided to take the body to Assam for post mortem.
Shillong, March 15: To commemorate the memory of Father Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh, the Sacred Heart Theological College today held a youth festival at St Mary's School, Laitumkhrah. schools who came to take part in this drama competition.
In particular, the District appeals to the people of Mawlai Village and especially the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep to refrain from spreading the equipment we have already used.
The main parts of the budget, which the Chief Minister said are to fight poverty, the government has allocated T.1,138/- crore.
Mr.K Comet Rymbai, Secretary Ka Dorbar Ki Doloi, Paiem Phylla Sing Syiem, Syiem Hima Nongstoin, Paiem Thewelson Manik Syiem, Paiem Khynnah, Chief of Mylliem Hima, Pa Lakesh Momin, Joint Secretary, Council of Nokmas, and Paiem Dr Balajied S Syiem, Chief of Khyrim Hima, Paiem Nangtei, Chief of Langrin Hima, Paiem R Malai, Chief of Sohra Hima. Acting Chief of Nongspung Hima, Secretary, Mawbeh Larkhar District, Reena Bareh, Rymbai District, Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs of Rymbai District. the children of thousands to unite with one strength and one mind, and to remember to preserve and preserve their customs and traditions so that they can pass them on to future generations.
Referring to the committee, the Minister said that the Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare is the Chairman of the Committee in which other members are also present.
On this occasion, the Union Minister also spoke on many of the schemes that the Union Government has implemented.
Tunglut Suan, LDM SBI and others from various banks. About 350 people attended the training.
The Hallydayganj Police Station has handed over the money to the Tura Police Station for safekeeping.
“It's not the opinion of one or two people, but it's the opinion of the party,” he told reporters today after the swearing-in ceremony of the MLA of Ranikor. the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
The soil in the North East of India is soft and can be easily absorbed by the water and the current farming method affects the soil. the cause of the change of the sky.
He said that at present there are 18 groups in India who demand their own state and the demand for Khasi State and Garoland is also there. The GSMC and HSPDP will work together to demand their own state. and soon they will meet on this.
Ranikor United Democratic Party PIUS MARWEIN (WINNER), 36.
The Ministry of Tourism has held a National Conference of Ministers in charge of Tourism of the State Governments from 18th to 20th November 2022 at Dharamshala, Himachal Pradesh to discuss areas for the development of tourism. in the country.
Shillong, July 26: Speaking at the 68th Republic Day celebrations at Madan Polo, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today said that the government wants to eradicate corruption with a clear mind. To do this, the government has introduced many laws such as the Lokayukta where the government is now looking for someone to appoint to head this task.
In her complaint, Sweetie admitted that the perpetrators of the shooting and beating were Chris Jeni Ch Marak, SI of the Taxation Department, along with Barjilla, who was the shooter. UDA works in the Taxation department in the same office.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The KSU Huroi Unit on 9th June 2013 has received the approval of the Governor of Meghalaya. The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Huroi Unit led by its President Samla Wallam Lamin Gadew and its President Samla Wallam Lamin Gadew have organized a meeting with the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Huroi Unit. Vice President Gilbertstar Khonglah has met with the MLA of 5-Sutnga Saipung Constituency Santa Mary Shylla on her visit to Huroi.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister said that the government has set up an Infrastructure Renovation Fund and T.50 lakh will be allocated to each district to improve the police stations. The Superintendent of Police is the member of the committee.
Other wrestlers from Meghalaya, including Kordor Marwein in the lightweight category 57-60kg, lost to Aditya Nagar of Uttar Pradesh after the referee had to stop the fight. the first.
If the TMC suddenly comes to power, it is known that the one who was banned before leaving the Congress party, will immediately replace his fellow members who do not comply with his rules of procedure; and he shall completely destroy the political parties and intimidate the people until morning.
The incident happened in two houses in the village.
The donation was made at their home in Happy Valley.
According to the decision, magistrates and police should be sent to ensure that the footpaths and highways should be clear and no one should sit on the streets.
Police are conducting an investigation to find out whether she died herself or was killed by someone.
The Union Minister in charge of Education and Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, Dharmendra Pradhanu has stressed the need to provide support and better working methods to those who have come after this time of pandemic. who have to travel by sea.
Shillong, July 17: The Water Supply Department of the State Government has been installing water pipes from GS Road from Lat Lynti Rim to Mawiong for more than a year but no signs have been received to start the work.
Shillong, Lber 27: The Central Bureau of Communication, Nongstoin under the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, Government of India today held an information program on Systematic Voter's Education and Electoral Participations (SVEEP) at Nongstoin College. , in collaboration with the Election Department, Office of the Deputy Commissioner, Government of Meghalaya, West Khasi Hills District.
The allocation of SDRF funds to states is based on various factors such as previous expenditures, geography, population and disaster risk.
“The KSU will continue to be with the residents of the border areas and if anything happens, those who start will have to take responsibility,” said the Expert Committee of the KSU. The State Government has returned to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council eight Bills or Rew Acts, seven from the Elaka Department and one from the Clan Bill.
Shillong, March 16: U Rimiki Pajuh, who conducted the event to celebrate the Day of Protection of Those Who Hold the White Tree, said that the visual impaired people are not aware of the white tree.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla J Paul Lyngdoh congratulated the Seng KSU Iooksi Unit for showing its love for the environment by organizing such a program which is very important for the purpose of raising awareness among the people. Public especially school children on how to preserve the environment.
Pala said that the Chairman of the ILP committee has lost the election and the people who supported the ILP have not won the election. I don't know if you have a report that has been submitted to the government but you haven't seen it.
Shillong, June 06: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today said that the Civil Hospitals Shillong and Tura will be turned into Corona Care Centres.
If it finds that there is any injustice or that there is any complaint from the public leaders, the committee may recommend that all members be removed immediately and the state government should take the necessary action.
They made this announcement when they arrived near the house of the Minister of Home Affairs which is located on the side of the road in Sohiong.
Meghalaya has adopted the Nature Bank approach to raise funds for conservation and has also placed environmental risks in the financial markets.
Andreas Nongkynrih, said that if the residents have been paying for light for only three months, MePDCL has come to cut off the light but these factories have paid more than Rs. To cut off the light to these factories even if it costs billions of rupees, raise the question why there is nothing behind.
Other speakers at the meeting were Dr WL Narry, Medical and Health Officer, Mawkyrwat CHC, Dr FR Lartang, District Medical and Health Officer, South West Khasi Hills District who also conducted the meeting.
Twelis Lyngkhoi, 50, Shantidora Lyngkhoi, 21, of Nginiong, Roster Mawtyllup, 38, of Nongbudum, Phlaslaibistar Paliar, 30, of Mawbyrkong, Trangborlin, 14, of Nonglang. Stanbor Phyllut, 38, of Nongbudum, Jejanstar Lyngkhoi, 38, of Mawbyrkong and Rikstar Paliar, 55, of Nongbudum.
Speeches were delivered by Sajeki Passah, Rev. HH Mohrmen and Raphael Warjri of Riti Academy. The meeting was conducted by Rev. RQSmuer.
Where this money is spent and in what area it is spent.
: The Shillong College Central Library, Shillong has organized a four-day seminar on the topic, “Beyond Books: Unveiling the Digital Realm” for the first semester students.
Other awards such as Session Topper, Best Project, and Best Personalities were also awarded to the trainees.
On the other hand, the police have ordered the public not to accept any items that you have not bought and sent. Cybercrime can be called at 1930, police at 0364-2215427 and mobile number
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that the state government will submit to the central government the proposal to amend the 6th Article of the Constitution. The Government will accept the decision of the Government in the House, but because it has not been accepted by the Cabinet, it means that the Government has accepted it.
The Director said that 7 cases have been confirmed today, all 9 cases from East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of recoveries to
The inspection was conducted after the rude and unfair behavior of heavy vehicles carrying more than 9 tonnes even after the enforcement of CrPc 144 due to signs of orpait which could cause injury to them. Crowded and affected the traffic of the residents who rely on this road.
On our own land we can set up factories, jobs, we can hold our own income and self-government but if we don't have only a piece of land it means we don't have anything.
The General Secretary of the KSU, Bah Augustar Jyrwa, has urged all the members of the KSU and the Rangbah Shnongs of the area who want roads to think carefully on this issue. UCIL that all the development works are for the mining of uranium, the allegation against the KSU has now shown what UCIL wants to do in the area.
There are 251 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 109 from West Khasi Hills and 72 from West Khasi Hills. to 77302 people.
Only Hynniewtrep students who are studying from Class XI onwards and who are still in various fields of study will be allowed in the Students' Wing, said Bah Roykupar Synrem General Secretary of the union.
There are 125 recoveries today, from East Khasi Hills 93, Ri Bhoi 17, East Jaintia Hills 8, South Garo Hills 03, South West Garo Hills 2, West Garo Hills 1 and East Garo Hills. 1 The total number of recoveries so far is
U Singh said that he is ready to ride in the MDA car immediately, he doesn't lose anything, he gets one of the two seats as he got in
According to Bah Nongkynrih, there are more than 300 scooty owners.
The Prime Minister stopped at the flyover for about 15-20 minutes.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Ostarnic said, “The KSU is not only a shield, but also a sword to defeat those enemies who want to divide and destroy the Jaitbynriew”.
The decision was taken at a meeting of the Central Executive Council (CEC). Wellbirth Rani said that the party will conduct a political awareness campaign in which it will invite all the leaders of political parties to participate. They will explain to the people their agenda along with the promise to implement them when they come to power in
The BSF Chief also visited Pyrdiwahbad village in Haria where he was accompanied by RP Singh, Addl Director General, BSF, Kolkata. Meet with the villagers to talk and understand the problems of the people.
The team is working closely with the ICMR to expedite the processes.
Currently, India has a regulated, streamlined system that helps people use the bank's app to get loans from home.
This child has been missing since 22/05/2017 and his whereabouts are still unknown.
Standing Dohtdong was elected as the President, Bek Kharkrang as the President, Elinus Nongrum as the Secretary and Solit Kurbah as the office bearers. bah Soni Nongsiej.
She said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, has approved to pay an additional T.1000 and to include the payment of T.2,000 Fixed Incentive from the State Government.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger today visited Laitumkhrah Police Station to investigate the incident. and other vehicles that were in the area were also damaged.
He urged the journalists to seek the truth when writing.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The protest within the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) to replace the leader of the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) has continued. They will meet soon at Bah Lapang's house to elect their leader to send to the AICC. If this does not come to an agreement, the MLAs who want to resign from Dr Mukul Sangma will go to Delhi to show it to the National Assembly. AICC President Sonia Gandhi.
From Meghalaya, Babu Timothy Jones Dhar and Babu Madhav Singh received the National Teachers' Award 2023 from the President.
In this discussion, there was a discussion that these days the presence of bad websites has caused the elderly to fall victim to the bad websites.
When asked, Dr. Kharsyiemlieh said that Mawlai has more than 45,000 voters and Laban-Mawprem has the least number of voters, only 12,000 thousand.
Pyniaid Singh Syiem has been in charge of the General Administration, Finance, Posting and Transfer, Establishment, Appointment and other departments which have not been handed over to the EMs. The CEM has been appointed to the Department of District Administration, Law & Legal Affairs.
There is no plan to borrow more Federal Government for the financial release.
Shillong, November 06: After receiving a complaint from the Hynniewtrep Women's Association (HKA) regarding the lack of trading licence, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has conducted a raid at Iewduh on November 6,
Jowai, Naitung 28: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has not yet decided whether to suspend or continue the 22 hour curfew which will start from 8 pm on the 1st of this month. /08/2013 and ended at 6 pm on the following day 2/08/2013 because the Union has demanded that the promise of the CM and Dy CM on Saturday at the time of the opening of the District Court & Session Judge in Jowai should not come with a written statement.
In many needs, our state has to rely on imported goods whether it is rice, various food items and even meat.
The Governor of Meghalaya has extended his best wishes to the people of Meghalaya for their successful harvest and increase in income. feel proud of yourself.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the RBSU members, the Chief Minister did not say whether the government will accept or reject the demand of the Ri Bhoi Students Union. “I hope they will leave with hope, because we will meet again after the Budget Session in October,” he said.
The man begged the robbers to release the woman and promised to obey to do whatever they ordered but the two couples were forced to strip naked in front of them.
The expenditure will be T.14,101 crore while the revenue will be T.12,036 crore, which is the highest expenditure on revenue, he said.
Shillong, March 03: After the FKJGP conducted a test on 22nd Aug 2023, the water samples taken from different villages and submitted to the Food and Safety Pastuer they don't have to.
Shillong, July 18: The Graduate and Post Graduates Association of Ri Bhoi (GAPGAR) on Saturday elected the new office bearers for the 2017-2020 working year at its general meeting held in Shillong.
Shillong, July 15: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Central Body (FKJGP) has expressed its regret over the delay of the Government of Meghalaya to invite the Government of Meghalaya to approve the resolution passed by the Government of Meghalaya. The Legislative Assembly of the State on 19th November, 2019 to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the State.
Khapmara EIC Police said the incident happened in the evening and the body was found today and taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem.
The KSU also demanded that the central government in Delhi should immediately issue an order to stop and ban the mining of any radioactive minerals such as uranium from the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
The same celebration was held at the National University of NEHU with the participation of teachers and staff of the university. .P.S.School.
In this game, you will receive many other prizes in different categories.
CBNAAT testing labs: 97 (Government: 35 + Private: 62)For more information on COVID-19 related technology, guidelines and advice, please visit: and @MoHFW_INDIA. Questions on COVID-19 related technology can be sent to @CovidIndiaSeva.
Pastors from the KJP Eastern Synod, Laithumkhrah Presbytery and members of the Dorbar Shnong, Tynring were also present.
Besides the traditional dance, there will also be a Beh Sing dance at 3.30 pm which is the traditional dance of the Umniuh-Tmar Sirdarship.
He expressed his gratitude to them for their victory despite many difficulties but their hard work has brought them the name of glory.
Many of the atrocities committed by the Hindu Government were carried out only because it wanted to force other nations to join Hindustan.
Passport applicants are requested to visit the Passport Portal on the website for more information regarding this new scheme.
Preparations are also underway to bring two Railway Bharat trains to the North East.
The party urges the Kynrem ki Lyndan not to end up in calling for attention to the issue of Block 1 and collecting the votes of the people of that area only during the elections and the post-election period.
He explained that KJWA will not do this alone but in collaboration with the Food and Civil Supplies Department of the State Government.
Commandant Taygi was also awarded the Presidential Police Medal by the President of India for his bravery.
The Union Minister of Information and Broadcasting and Textiles, Smriti Zubin Irani will conduct the meeting as the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the Summit on 10th June.
However, he said that it should not be stopped suddenly but should be given one way for the people to survive.
General Secretary of the BJP in charge of Meghalaya Nalin S. Kohli in the presence of President of the party Meghalaya Unit Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, U General Secretary of the party Bah David Kharsati and other office bearers of the party.
He spoke about the challenges faced by the election authorities in this era and stressed on the relationship between the work of these authorities and social media platforms.
However, before it passes it into law, it wants to get the final opinion of the civil society.
Ribhoi, Nail 8 : Members of the Ribhoi Youth Federation (KYF) on Tuesday arrested nine foreigners who had smuggled into Meghalaya. go to work without proper documents.
Knowing about one state from another will unite India, he added.
The passing away of this religious leader has been a great loss to the Catholic Church in this religious state.
The Planning Department has launched shared buses in urban areas for commuters with the aim of reducing road safety during school hours by 75% and reducing CO2 emissions. to 72%.
On the same day, Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA 17-Shillong North also visited the venue to demand the change in the job allocation and to remind them, he sent a letter. to the Chief Minister of the State on this issue.
The schemes implemented by the Central Government are the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Insurance Yojana, Promoting Digital Payments, Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Urban & Rural, and the Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Grameen Kaushalya Yojana.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Out of the 355 candidates who have completed their documents to contest the MLA election to be held on the 23rd of this month, some of them have withdrawn. and now there are only 345 candidates in the race.
At the same time, it was informed that the office of the Legislative Assembly has received the resignation letter of Bah Process T.Sawkmie as the Speaker of the Opposition from today.
Up to three factories have been completed by 10th November, 2023 and the target is to complete this work by 20th November,
Since the beginning of the outbreak, 96471 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state, 94766 have recovered and 1618 have died. .
At the same time, they will monitor the development projects that the government is implementing for the small paid in India.
Shillong, July 23: Many of the people, especially Shillong: Why doesn't the government distribute ration through the Fair Price Shop Dealers? This question has been asked by many. The people especially in Shillong.
The Jri Bridge has two parts, besides the main bridge, there is also a children's bridge.
On the other hand, Deputy CEm Pynshngian N Syiem, who is in charge of the Law Department, said that there is no need to include the word registrar in the Act and the amendment will be included in the Rule. can rule.
The union has suggested to the district council through the state government to elect or re-appoint the Dalloi of Labang-Nongphyllut Elaka which has disappeared in the past years and now many of these villages fall under Block
In the history of India, apart from other social agreements between the opposition parties and the Government of India, they have not reached anywhere and have ended up in writings and promises of the Government.
The Seng cannot just look at the problems faced by the CHC, if the relevant department does not take action, we will have to think of something else, the Seng has already said this earlier. too.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya Police have been vigilant to ensure that drug traffickers do not enter the state and if they do, they should be arrested in the fight against drugs. .
Shillong, November 16: The BSF from 4 Battalion today conducted free medical treatment to the people on the border with Bangladesh for four villages, Dawki, Bakur, Sankhat and Jaliakhola. more than 400 people have benefited.
The Union Minister, who will be in the district for two days, said the purpose of his visit is to resolve the issues of the farmers and government departments.
In this fighting, Bangladeshis broke into the house of Pratap, an Indian, and he shot and wounded the Bangladeshis. injured.
The program attracted people from different parts of the North East.
The JHADC will send the decision of the House to the Government to return to the District Council the issuance of ST Certificate to the tribals.
The elders have performed Shramdaanha in beaches, parks, public places and have taken their part for a clean society.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (COMSO) will start implementing the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya from tomorrow morning. .
Rama Krishna Shillong on this occasion awarded the Vivekananda Award of Excellence to Bah Sumar Sing Sawian for his outstanding contribution to the country. Sangita Dey, teacher of the training centre, for her great contribution to the Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre.
According to the findings of the NGT, the state government has drafted a rule which was approved at the Cabinet meeting. 2022”.
In addition, the Assam government has announced that it will sher dara in Meghalaya for the implementation of the NRC (National Registration of Citizens) Act. the CAA (Citizenship Amendment Bill) and the Uniform Civil Code (UCC).
This market will have different segments, Co-production market, This has 16 projects and connects filmmakers with those who can work together, producers, co-producers, and investors from all over the world.
The signing of the social agreement with the Minister of Home Affairs of India for seven areas including Hahim, Gizang, Tarabari, Boklapara, Khanapara-Pilangkata and Ratacherra. They were accompanied by the Chief Minister's Deputy Prestone Tynsong and Snaiwbhalang Dhar, Comingone Ymbone, Minister of State, Chief Secretary and officials. Minister Atul Bora and Pijush Hazarika along with officials.
This happened on Sunday evening at about 5:30 pm.
He said that initially many of the rules created in 2008 will have to be reviewed, so it was necessary to revise the rules in accordance with the current situation.
The JSM strongly demands that the government should not grant bail to the perpetrators without punishing them according to the law. prevalence of such incidents in the state.
The celebration was concluded with a rich feast, a variety of foods prepared as usual in the state.
It is learned that the union has phoned the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the reply they have received is that he has no information regarding the planting of those paia. The office will be able to remove these items.
It is also the responsibility of the hospital to ensure the comfort of the poor or those in need of emergency treatment. Adequate and complete care.
At the same time, he also congratulated the Doloi of Raliang Elaka for his smooth conduct of the election of Waheh Chnong in the village.
The Chief Minister recalled that Atul was also a friend of his father and his memory in Garo Hills will never be forgotten as one of the leaders in the Garo Hills.
Shillong, June 05: The MLAs of West Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi District have ordered the closure of the roads between Meghalaya and Assam.
Shillong, June 06: The Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Resolution Forum (HBDRF) under the leadership of Chandame Sungoh, Chandame Sungoh, is a group that looks after the border disputes especially in Block-1 and Block-2 Chairman of Meghalaya has met with the CEO of Meghalaya in charge of the Election Department.
In his opening remarks, Bah Arwan said that this is a benefit to the people of Mawkhar and especially to Mawkhar as it is not only a shop that will provide employment to the youth but will also provide training to the youth. young men who have their own jobs.
The government has called tenders for the purchase of sugar on the 6th of last month and the tenders will be opened on the 11th of this month but the government has not yet allowed anyone to transport sugar. to this state until now.
Shillong, Lber 31: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today convened an emergency meeting of the Cabinet in the presence of the Chief Secretary and Additional Chief Secretary to discuss the damage to houses. families in freezing rain on Thursday.
Nongstoin, July 01: The President of the Congress party in Meghalaya, Bah DD Lapang, on Tuesday said that many of the leaders come from the rural areas. Lyngngam Presbyterian Higher Secondary School Mawthyngkut.
There are 212 cases tested positive in East Khadi Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills, 11 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 4 cases in North Garo Hills, 15 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South West Garo Hills and 2 cases in South West Garo Hills. The total number of cases in the state is
Shillong, July 09: For the first time after a thorough investigation into the protests, the collection of documents for 20 years and after four meetings, the Advisory Committee on Legislation and Legal Issues, has decided to summon the Bah John F Kharshiing, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, & Chairman, Assembly of Chief Executive Members of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
According to the emergency meeting of the union today, 18th November 2022, the union has also submitted a petition to the Superintendent of Police and he has promised to take action on this matter.
Prime Minister Duh Meloni's two visits to India last year have helped to strengthen bilateral relations.
The problem is that there is no will to resolve the issues and that is why they have to have a consensus and the solution should not be one way but two ways which is what happened in Punjab.
This Holy Thursday is a special day in which Christians around the world commemorate the crucifixion of the Lord Jesus to save mankind according to Christian teachings.
Shillong, Naitung 22: U Bah DD Lapangu, MLA of Nongtluh Secondary School, Diwon today laid the foundation stone for the construction of Nongtluh Secondary School, Diwon which will be funded by the Asian Development Bank. (ADB) at a cost of T.2,24,35,000/- to Diwon village in Ri Bhoi District.
This was stated by Bah Pyniaid after speaking to media after the end of the two-day special session of the KHADC. “If it is a Khasi prah, it will not be a West Bengal prah,” said Bah Pyniaid.
However, this good intention to increase the income in the area did not happen as planned due to many unforeseen circumstances and the mill was closed down with the workers. There are 15 employees in this workplace who have been given an early retirement scheme.
On the other hand, the DC has sent the magistrates to search for the people who are doing this overpricing.
However, an FIR was filed and he was arrested.
In this regard, the Chief Minister promised to take action and expressed that his government is ready to work with the Seng to develop the farmers in many areas. sides.
It is time for the government to think carefully about such jobs, especially to allow the indigenous people to continue their jobs in the positions they deserve. and allow non-natives to take over the job.
The meeting was attended by members of the Khasi Authors' Society.
Shillong has received heavy rainfall in the past two days and the District Administration is ready for any tragic incident.
He urged the filmmakers to make films about the freedom fighters and other films related to the uniqueness of the nation.
The union wants to see that the government should appoint an EO in this district soon.
It may be recalled that he is one of the exporters from Ichamati to Bangladesh.
To prevent this, the village and the union have decided not to allow foreign vehicles to enter the villages and requested the people not to stay in one village. to one at such times should obey the orders of the Government.
On the other hand, Aman Passah, 24, from Jowai, West Jaintia Hills District, who is studying at MUA, has been crowned the winner of Mr Petite Global India India will be the winner of the Mr. Petite Global 2024 which will be held in April
Referring to the post of President of the MPCC, Saleng said that Vincent H Pala is a very good person. Replying to the Congress party, he said that the Congress party has existed, will exist and will continue to exist. of the people shall be satisfied.
Despite this, the office has received information that there are still truck drivers who have carried more than 9 tonnes.
We must move forward and improve our income, not to divide our society.
Himalaya Shangpliang MLA said that the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) today met to discuss the issues that the party will bring to the House in the next session.
Work with us and participate in this census and contribute to the development of a strong, sustainable and transparent education sector in India.
17,000 e-invitation cards were sent through this campaign.
Shillong, July 22: To ensure that the elections to the Legislative Assembly of the State will be conducted smoothly and to prevent the smuggling of gold coins exceeding T.50,000/- tyngka, the police have introduced security personnel. synthetic synthetic synthesis around.
The death toll from the disease in East Khasi Hills District has risen to 1386 with one death toll. after.
If anyone wants to verify, they can contact the leaders of the two parties.
The final in both the women's and men's category was between Sohra and Mawsynram.
Shillong, Lber 12: East Khasi Hills Police on receiving a tip that a vehicle from Tripura was carrying drugs have conducted a raid at Mawryngkneng.
On the incident in Khanduli, Hazarika expressed his concern and said, “We should not have conflict but we should have a close relationship with the people of Meghalaya.
Mawsynram Police Station said that Bah Kynpham, brother of Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem, CEM of KHADC, who will contest the MLA election from 25-Mawsynram, has been arrested. According to police, Bah Kynpham was seriously injured in the stabbing in Danggar village.
The allocation of funds under this scheme is 60 and 40 percent and this has put the VECs in trouble, but it was in the fiscal year 2016-2017 that 5 lakh tyngka was allocated from the CMSRDF scheme. role in the construction of public buildings.
Other MDCs who attended the ceremony were Bah HS Shylla, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Chairman of KHADC Bah LG Nongsiej, Bah Morning Mawsor and many other dignitaries.
I salute those families who have taken this assistance.
Shillong, November 30: U Bah Thomas Passah President of KHNAM, Youth Wing said the North East Police Academy on the 26th of this month has announced that it has 33 vacancies.
The Vice President also urged the people to respect the time when the Sengbhalang holds protests so that they will not be involved in any tragic incidents due to the involvement of the riewshimkabu during the protest programmes. across the state.
The amount was released on the recommendation of the Ministry of Home Affairs.
This work to maintain the cleanliness of the village with the initiative of the Rangbah Shnong and the village officials have tried to bring about cleanliness in the village has been achieved today through The Social Service Centre, Shillong Archdiocese.
Their performance is to celebrate the 7th Anniversary of TNT Magazine, a well-known band that will perform in Shillong, North East of India.
In the remaining three months, it is not far away for the candidates to prepare and he hopes that they will do well.
The club has also informed that those who wish to receive badminton training under the age of 15 years, the training time will start at 4:39 pm or they can call the Secretary at No.8014-2 indoor sports hall Mawlai Mawdatbaki.
Speaking to reporters today, he clarified all the allegations against him and said that he will take responsibility against the allegations against him as it appeared in the media today. Shillong, June 15: The people of Garo Hills have not allowed one party to rule alone in the GHADC. and other parties.
Other speakers at the meeting included Bah Founder, Bah Markus Metri, Bah HDR Lyngdoh and others. He will win the upcoming MDC election in June.
Shillong, November 10 : The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laskeiñ Circle on Tuesday, November 10, 2023 under the leadership of the President of the Circle Javelin Shadap Manner, in the presence of the President of the KSU Laitphar Syngkrem, Laskeiñ CHC has met with the Director of Health Services (MI) Shillong to explain the shortcomings of the Laskeiñ CHC from the lack of doctors and medicines.
Dr Dhriti Banerjee, Director, ZSI pointed out that spider play a vital role as natural enemy in tea ecosystem and conservation of natural enemies is an important practice under non-conventional pest management practices.
It also provides benefits to all those who are eligible to participate in central government schemes and to inform the people about the progress of the country through schemes.
The program is called “Polio Plus”. Through these polio drops, India will be able to eradicate polio by
A total of 18 police, Home Guard and CRPF personnel were injured in the blast, 21 vehicles were damaged and two vehicles were lost in the blaze.
At this meeting, Ms S Mawjaw, in charge of fish farming in Mairang Civil Sub Division, said that there are few organizations to come forward to ask for assistance in fish farming. private person.
On the other hand, the police have been on duty to ensure that there will be no tragic incident.
Also present on the occasion were Bah WHD Syngkon, Advisor to the MPCC, leaders of various units of the Block Congress Committee, including the Mahila Congress and the Youth Congress. , which falls under the 17th North Shillong Constituency.
The 16 km road from Panda to Rongra has started, 14 km from Rongra to Kanai has started, while the 25 km road from Kanai to Maheshkhola has not been given permission by the Forest Department. The PWD has called for tender.
It is to be recalled that on the first day of July 30, 2013, the youth will leave for the election in 8 constituencies: Nongthymmai, Pynthorumkhrah, Mawlai, Umroi, Mawhati and Umsning. , Nongpoh and Jirang.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Congress party in Langkyrdem, Bah Jansing M Tynsong today visited the Congress party in East Khasi Hills to support the People's Democratic Forum (PDF). The Executive Committee was chaired by Bah PN Syiem.
Shillong, Naitung 09: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 426 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District. There are 4391 people in the country.
Therefore, there is a need for the power of the State to reject or exempt itself and to amend any Acts of the Central Government before they come into force in the State.
She said that the district council does not collect revenue from private individuals or groups who take hire to run the market as part of helping them to run their businesses smoothly after the outbreak of COVID-1 She said that she has received the first allocation of T.2.58 lakh from Mawiong Market, T.10,000/- from Markasa Market, T.10,220/- from Umdohlun Market. 50% of the market should be given to the District Council, said Grace.
New opportunities have been introduced where NBFCs and small lending institutions work with Banks, RRBs to provide MUDRA loans. Companies have got new opportunities.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The president of the BJP Meghalaya state unit has decided to dissolve all the offices of the party which were established before June
After a complaint from the village authorities, the relevant department came to inspect the transformer and took it away for repair, but it is not known for what reason. The electricity distribution department has not yet been able to bring in the transformer.
Therefore, we have to go to many places where we have never had anything before and we have to work hard to reach all the villages.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Chief Executive Officer of the Shillong Smart City Project (ICCC) scheme for the Shillong Smart City Project funded by the Urban Development Department of the Union Government has been implemented. T.151.77 crore for the 300 CCTVs.
He said that the meeting held by the party today was to elect the new president of the youth party within the party. the COVID-19 pandemic.
V Murugesan, Thiru.
Media sources close to the political department of the state government understand that there has been an order to prepare for the holding of a public meeting to open the new district.
On the other hand, the Seng has demanded that foreign technicians who cannot do it by our people should have their documents in accordance with the orders of the offices in charge of documents. leaves.
The NPTC has forgiven T.100/- crore and the remaining amount has to be paid 20 times, but as MePDCL is in trouble now they have to pay again and have talked to the government to pay. this money is left and there is no more money.
Speaking to media after inspecting the work of the GSWSS, he said:
According to estimates, one bus can replace 15 vehicles, which means that during peak hours, 30 buses can replace 450 vehicles.
The PWD has not completed the cleaning of the road from Motphran to Garikhana. It has not only flooded the area but has also caused problems to the vehicles. the water flows to the people who walk along the road.
After the inspection, the Chief Minister said that the work is still ongoing and this has been used to accommodate those suffering from COVID-19 in the past two years. there is a need to change some parts.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that no such order has been issued yet, but it may be in other government departments, including the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. they shall not be able to avoid the works of the wicked.
“We request all the people, government employees, civil society groups, village leaders of EJHD to join hands with us in this curfew, as they have promised to give their full support to We have been protesting against the NH 44 at a public meeting held on the 5th of this month in Khliehriat.
Shillong, November 06: The election of MDCs from nine constituencies for the mid-term MDC elections will be held on the 13th of this month. UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy has said that the UDP party which supported Bah PN Syiem in KHADC will continue to support him. The UDP appeals to the people of the nine constituencies to elect the UDP candidates. The EC led by Bah PN Syiem within the KHADC should continue until the end of the current session.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The decision of Bah DD Lapang, MLA of Nongpoh Constituency, not to contest the 2018 MLA election, has caused a stir among the people of Nongpoh Constituency. Nongpoh Constituency Regarding the candidate to replace Bah Lapang, said the elders of Nongpoh Constituency who did not want to be named especially the Congress leaders.
“However, we cannot say what kind of weapons they have but we know there are few ammunition," she said.
We don't ignore the problems but at the same time, we don't allow them to grow.
The indefinite strike will continue as the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri has not yet responded to their demand.
His message is clear when he said, “Over the years, we have provided modern medical equipment and invited the best doctors.
Governments also have to come forward through various schemes.
“When there is an impact on Parliament on any day, there can be no Question Hour.
The deceased were identified as Paritosh Kundu, 58, of Babupara, Tura and Greetings A Sangma, 75, of Sonamite Garobada.
Shillong, Naitung 18: Two candidates, Droupadi Murmu of the ruling NDA and Yashwant Sinha of the opposition UPA, have contested the presidential election. Garo Hills District VS Rathor said that police have arrested 30 persons suspected of involvement in car theft and bike theft. stolen.
Meghalaya Police have conducted a search operation at Mawlai Mawiongrim and seized the vehicle (AS 01 LC 4807) which was carrying three persons. vehicle.
Therefore, we can say that the Central Government's removal of the term “Khasi and Jaintia Hills” is illegal and a violation of the right.
There are 14 cases of COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 233 cases in East Khadi Hills, 3 cases in North Garo Hills, 24 cases in Ri Bhoi, 3 cases in South West Garo Hills and 4 cases in South West Khasi Hills. 2, West Garo Hills 40, West Jaintia Hills 6, West Khasi Hills
“We expect there to be 25 disciplines in the current Meghalaya Games,” he said.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The Meghalaya State Kickboxing Association (MSKA) has confirmed that Ibadarishisha Mukhim from Lumparing Dongsiej and Nathaniel Pynbianglang from Kurkalang will leave Shillong on the 12th of this month to take part in the 2013 FIFA World Cup. Kickboxing Championship 2018 to be held in Italy.
In order to reach out to different parts of the North East to support startups, NEVF has organized the Startup Investment Fest, an online application process for investment in October,
He said the decision of the HNLC to withdraw from the talks has also shocked the Government.
In Umling Block, Dr Pooja Pandey, DC of the district inaugurated the event and a total of 453 participants, both men and women, took part.
I believe there are many ways to strengthen India so that it can reach a $5 trillion economy.
The handyman has fled the scene since that day and is still coming to the Police Station but the driver has fled the scene since the incident. “We asked the police and they said that the driver of the truck was drunk,” said Kong Karen Dkhar.
Who are we in charge of? It is something we cannot accept as a nation.
The Government has also set a prize for those who give suggestions, T.50,000/- for the first prize, T.30,000/- for the second prize and T.30,000/- for the third prize. 15000/- Rs.
Therefore, the public can start watching the film again which has started screening again today after the curfew.
A grand ceremony to commemorate the victory against Pakistan will be held in Guwahati in November and a joint cycling between the Indian and Bangladeshi troops from Akhaura to Kolkatta will be held in November and November.
“The Half Marathon is held in three phases to promote sports, to raise awareness among the people and the race is approved and licensed by the Athletic Federation of India ( MSOA Working President John Kharshiing said in an interview with the media.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow over the failure of the Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA) to inaugurate the Artificial Turf Ground in Mawkyrwat despite the failure of the contractors to complete the construction. This field has been completed for more than half a year.
According to information, the truck was heading from Mawlum village, Mawlangsu area to attend the KJP Synod youth service at Nonglang village. Jadokroh, Sohpian, about 18 km from Nongstoin, has collided with a railway station.
Chyrmang said that the FKJGP urges the District Council to stop issuing trading licenses to foreigners so that our brothers and sisters can live once again.
According to SP News Agency, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya today spoke to the Chief Minister of Assam.
Shillong, June 18: Despite the threat of the resurgence of the coronavirus, the celebration of Shad Suk Mynsiem this year which was held on the 10th, 11th and 12th, June, 2021 at Weiking Shad Ground, Jaiaw, Shillong has been held in a smooth, orderly and orderly manner, in accordance with the rules and regulations laid down by the Government.
The government will rebuild the school buildings that have been destroyed so that the children can study without any problems. The money will be raised from the Disaster Relief Fund.
The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Frederick R Kharkongor, today said that the ECI members will arrive in Shillong on the 12th and leave on the 13th of this month. Visit to the preparations for the Legislative Assembly elections.
The Excellence Award will be awarded only to those who have passed and won in the above categories in 2022 and until 2023, and also to students and teachers. Youths of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar District, who are the full residents of East Jaintia Hills District.
The Biotechnology Research and Innovation Council (BRIC) to conduct a nationwide project.
Shillong, July 2: The Chairperson of the Assembly Committee for the Empowerment of Women (ACEW) Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh today wrote a letter to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly demanding the removal of Thomas. Sangma MLA of 50-North Tura has been arrested on charges of raping a woman.
Police have suspected that the shooting was committed by Bah Bridilan Jyrwa of Lempluh.
Blikson Sohtung President of the Union said that this is the call of the Prime Minister and the discussion is on the 18 villages which fall under Block II. There is no such thing as a state in Meghalaya.
The NPP strongly condemns the abduction of the life of the NPP MLA and at the same time demanded from the Home Minister of India Rajnath Singh and from the Prime Minister of India to investigate and punish these perpetrators.
Bah Lapang took the decision not to contest the 2018 elections at a meeting held at his residence in Shillong on the 24th of this month with his supporters and leaders of the Nongpoh Block. Congressional Committee (NBCC).
Does the Comptroller and Auditor General of the Central Government know when the mining of coal started in the East Jaintia Hills District ? Does the Central Intelligence Agency know when and in what year, month and date the Lukha River suddenly turned blue and tens of thousands of fish, small and large, were drowned? you have lost your strength.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Donbor Nongrang, a resident of Umdiker, said that the sudden storm and cold weather has affected many households. The cold weather, which lasted for half an hour, destroyed all the houses covered with wood.
It is an important occasion to highlight the challenges and also the many opportunities to accelerate climate change mitigation and strategic actions in various regions.
An elderly man identified as Bah Lahbor Khongngai, 40, of Wahlong, East Khasi Hills District, Sohra, has been injured in a road accident. being attacked and tied with a stick by people for no reason.
He said that under this mission, the government will spend Rs 80 crore to market Sohphan in the next five years.
Shillong, Lber 24: The people of Garo Hills today welcomed the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on his visit to Garo Hills. the government in this state the chief minister of the state.
The first, second and third place winners of the marathon received cash prizes of 5,000, 3,000 and 2,000 tyngka respectively.
Teinwell Dkhar, Chief Executive Member of KHADC, said that within the KHADC, Nasar holds the post of Chairman of the Resource Mobilization.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that they will meet with all the officers from government departments to arrange for the schemes to be implemented in the state. Street Lights in 1800 villages in the state.
The Regional Committee also held a meeting with the leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli at the Khanduli Sports Ground and after that, a meeting was held with the Karbi people at the Police Border Outpost, Assam. Candle.
The winners of this championship will be selected for the National Kickboxing Federation Cup 2018, 17-21 July 2018 to be held at Talkotara Indoor Stadium, New Delhi.
Of these, 40 are women, 43 are men, one referee and 2 are officials.
The arrested were identified as Banker Nongksheh of Mawiong Rim, Anthony Warbah of Mawlai Nongkwar, Damanyan Skhemiew of Mawiong Rim, Warsil Thangkhiew of Mawlai Nongkwar and taxi driver Christi Ganol Marngar.
“We urge you to look into these problems of the farmers and to set a higher price when selling synsar, kwai and tympew in the market within the boundary of the area. Amlarem and other places,” said the farmers' union leaders.
He said the development of the North East cannot be achieved without resolving the conflicts between the states and if the rebel groups come to surrender.
It may also be mentioned here that such irregularities are a destruction of the benefits allocated for the welfare of the people and the promotion of sports.
Raja Arabic University, Nagpur, Maharashtra.
The meeting was attended by the President of KSU JHDU, Samla Sonstar Nongkhlaw, Assistant Finance Secretary, KSU JHDU and the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of War Jaintia. President Daniel Khongsit, Secretary Siangmin Lakuna, Advisor Kilmen Pohshna and Rangbah Shnongs from all over the War Jaintia area were also present.
Therefore, through this letter we request you to take action on this issue by re-conducting the Written Exam of the LDA by considering it as incomplete and in need of improvement. .
“Ka Seng strongly states that in the past decades, Shillong has been destroyed by greed and selfishness and traders, private individuals do whatever they want when building houses and others. They don't obey the laws and regulations and violate them.
“The most important thing is why only the shops of small and medium-sized grocery stores have been closed down, why haven't the pups/discoes been closed down? “The 144 Crpc and the forcing of shops not to open after 10 pm is an attempt by the Government to prevent the people from opening after 10 pm. to earn a living and to save their families and this government's restriction is a violation of the rights of the people enshrined in Article 21 of the Constitution of India which clearly states, “Article 21, which clearly states that right to livelihood is an integral part of the Right to life.
If you criticize the District Council and the Hima Mylliem, we will not allow those who spread the Khasi land,” said Kong Marweiñ.
According to information received by the SP News Agency, when the bus reached the scene, four or five people who were on the road stopped the bus and started shooting at the victim. to the passengers.
We strive to cooperate with the School Management Committees.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Cabinet has decided to meet with the Minister of Home Affairs on the 24th of this month as a Cabinet meeting. At this meeting, they will discuss the shooting incident by the Assam police at Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Nailar 06: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has called a curfew today to protest against the government's action against the National Green Tribunal (NGT). regarding the ban on coal mining in the state.
At that time , they had a chance to talk to the CEM regarding the issues raised by the KSU Lakadong Unit , in which they demanded that the name of the KSU Lakadong Unit should be removed from the memorial stone you who write Lad Lakadong should not write Lakadong.
After completing the investigation, the police have seized the nar rod and the body of the deceased has been taken to Nongstoiñ Civil Hospital for post mortem. Post Mortem, the body was handed over to the family members for last rites.
She said that we progress little by little in life.
India is the third largest consumer of electricity in the world.
In the investigation of the members of the Seng, it was found that these people do not have proper documents to enter and work in the State but it is surprising how they escaped through the State. The infiltration checkgate is located in Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District.
On Saturday night, the Union Minister called a meeting of all government departments related to agriculture, such as the Department of Agriculture, Department of Agriculture, Department of Agriculture.
At the same time, the public is urged to inform the office if they find anyone breaking niut on the road or sidewalk.
On the other hand, the DC promised to take action as soon as possible to release the renewal of the names of the sellers and buyers inside the market.
NESO urges all political parties to vote yes to this bill which will change the low paid in the state.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong said that the road construction department has suspended the contractor for the construction of the Mawlai By-Pass.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Shnongpdeng Unit (KSU) has launched a welcome speech and the meeting was conducted by Bah P Sohkhlet Secretary SPC. Shnongpdeng Upper Primary School, West Jaintia Hills District, on the occasion of the Children's Day, has donated a computer to Shnongpdeng Upper Primary School.
On this occasion, the meeting discussed the various opportunities that NEDFI has to invest in jobs where people can start their own businesses. You cannot invest in this area without affecting the environment.
The two countries are on the cusp of a new era of economic development and cooperation that will lift the UAE and India to new heights.
Shillong, Naitung 23: Bangladesh Border Guard (BGB) troops have rescued Bah Ricky Marwein from the hands of Bangladeshi kidnappers during a search operation. received and by the BGB while conducting a raid in the area where they suspected the kidnappers.
I would like to express my gratitude to Prime Minister Duh for announcing in the Budget of the Union Government for the fiscal year 2023-24 the launch of the national campaign “Sickle Cell Anemia Elimination Mission to sickle cell disease-related problems.
The arrested are Darius Pakem, 19, of Moolaitbri Sumer, Issei Sungoh, Dkhiah East, two others whose names have been withheld as they are children. small of age.
Speaking on the peace and order in the state, the Governor said that the insurgency in the state can be stopped, except for a few who are still in Bangladesh. The HNLC's job now is only to send statements and post on social media.
