Police have registered the incident and investigation is ongoing to find the mother who dropped the child and broke the bather.
He said that if these 222 posts are not filled, it means that the posts do not exist and the belief that Anganwadis can be promoted to Lady Supervisors is not reasonable because as of now they do not have them. Shillong, Nail 11: Shillong, July 11: The Special Police Department of Shillong (ANFT) has arrested 222 posts and Lady Supervisors. DSP City Bah B Jyrwa on receiving a tip that a vehicle number ML 05 N-8934 was carrying drugs, police arrested the suspect. river at Mawiong Ri View Point.
The union also expresses its gratitude to the police department for taking the initiative to reduce the traffic jam and the union will continue to work together on any issues that affect and benefit the people.
In the 15th installment, more than 8.0 crore farmers will receive more than T.18,000 crore to be released by the Prime Minister by signing the agreement on
By looking for the sickle cell trait in people before they get married, we can control the spread of the disease.
This will ensure that our children reach the cliffs they deserve.
As a public launch of the CMHAP scheme, tins of household items were distributed to the people of Mylliem Block, Mawlai and Mawpat Block.
On the other hand, the BSF conducted a search operation for several hours until they recovered all the cows. The seizure of the cows was made at night. They handed over to the police to investigate according to the law.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has written to the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District to demand that the government should remove the Circuit House. The house in Mawkyrwat should be renamed “Sngap Singh Syiem House”.
Speaking on the Khasi language, the Governor said that the Khasi language has increased compared to one of the tribal languages ​​in Tripura. in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution of India, that village in the Government of India and the State Government.
“If the Karbi have used the sword and the ryntieh, isn't it up to the police to do what is necessary or are the police laws in the city and on the border different?” asked KHNAM. “If the Government doesn't If the people have to turn to Block-1 to protect their brothers and sisters, we hope that the Government will not stop.
Therefore, we request you to pass a Moratorium on the construction of dams in the Umngot River. The JAC will not allow any attempt by the State Government to build dams in the Umngot River. Those who want to destroy the Umngot River by damming it will have to face strong opposition from us the residents and the people.
Furthermore, the state has implemented the Carbon Farming Act, which aims to introduce a framework to promote sustainable and carbon-intensive farming in the state's soil.
The number of COVID-19 positive cases in East Garo Hills today is 3, East Jaintia Hills 19, East Khasi Hills 274, Ri Bhoi 117, South Garo Hills 8, South West Garo Hills 7, West Garo Hills 34, West Jaintia Hills  43, West Khasi Hills 33.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has been surprised to learn that Mawphansaw village has been in darkness for three months and Nongmluh village has been in darkness for three months due to the lack of transformers. .
Such a rule will encourage and encourage more foreigners to come to our state.
The meeting was held to discuss how to conduct the elections.
The memorable day was enriched by the performances of the groups as well as the choirs of the participating schools.
Regarding the safety of the passengers, Uriah said, “We have already provided everything from village to village and motorcycle drivers who have registered their names and we have to provide vehicle licences, the Police Verification and other requirements,” and added that JETS 24×7 also has an App which the public can view when they need our riders in case of need.
In 2018, the MBOSE has changed the number of Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) with 10 marks per question and Short Answer (SA) with 2 marks. marks per question.
Police said that the name of the man is unknown, he is estimated to be between 40 years old. If anyone knows or recognizes him, please call these numbers. number 9862206288 and inside the police control room 0364-2
The purpose of this meeting of the Sengkhihlang, which has been held for 41 years, is to encourage the brothers and sisters who still hold on to their traditional religion to hold fast to their traditional religion.
Shillong, Nailar 02: Two persons were arrested by the residents of Mangsang village in East Khasi Hills on Friday morning for extorting money from the residents in the name of rebel groups and they bombed them to death.
He also stressed that the situation in Maharashtra is very worrying.
Also present on the occasion was Dr. DD Singh Salam, District Youth Coordinator, NYK, East Khasi Hills District. Through this programme, many young people of this area will benefit from how to shape their lives in this area. the age of change.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, MTFVGA President Henry Dkhar in the presence of MTFVGA members expressed his regret over the demand for money on the 7th of this month. .
The parents of the missing child request anyone who has seen her to inform the nearest police station.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, today held the first Tit Planting Festival in the state.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MDC Mawkynrew Constituency expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the Special Unica, Meghalaya Region for taking this important step. the leadership of the students from the time they are young so that they will not deviate from it when they reach the age of youth and adulthood.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Rynjah said that the police will not allow such drivers of vehicles or bikes because this is not only a threat to those who walk and stand but also to those who walk and stand. the lives of those who die as well.
Several government doctors selected by NABH also took part in the training programme.
KSU Malki Circle has organized the 8BN Lyngdoh Memorial Open Football Tournament to commemorate him. on 07th November 2018 at 12 noon at Malki Square.
However, a strong spirit of perseverance and struggle to move forward, paved the way for him to reach the ranks of fame.
When the French ruled India in 1826, they defeated many of the chiefs of the Northern Hima of India, but in Khasi-Jaintia, although the French fought against Tirot Singh and Kiang Nongbah, For some reasons, the French did not completely abolish the power and authority of the Khasi Hima but established the divide and rule policy and the traditional system of government. and Customary Practices) of the 30 Syiems 12 Doloi The French have arranged as follows: 25 Khasi States (16 Syiemships/5 Sirdarships/3 Lyngdohships/1 Wahadarship) 32 British Areas/Sirdarships 12 Doloiships (Non-States) Doloi and 2 Sirdars).
Shillong, November 11: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi today launched the 'Viksit Bharat @2047: Voice of Youth' through video conferencing.
The fee was paid on 11th June, 2019 and this fee has not yet been paid.
According to the latest news, Bah Waniang, who is now the Joint Secretary, will take over the post of Secretary of the KHADC tomorrow morning from Kong Basaiawmoit.
During the struggle 50 years ago, it was announced that they would not rest until they got the Hills State. The Khasi, Garo and Jaintia people in the present name of Meghalaya.
The meeting also approved the rules for the implementation of the e-Court Fee Stamp. the government will not recognize the sellers.
Bah Warlarpih said it is sad to see that there is no transportation of cows to slaughter, but it has been seen that the BSF from time to time arrest the smugglers of cows to Bangladesh. often.
In 1973, the Legislative Assembly of the State passed the Meghalaya Residential Permit Bill,
Others who attended the ceremony included the DC of SWG Hills District, Bah CVD Diengdoh, IR Sangma who read out the government announcement and the Block Steering Committee. ,.
Police have recovered two pistols, two magazines of unused pistols, an SBML rifle, dynamite, Detonators and three mobile phones, police said the group has started forming a terrorist group.
During the heavy rainfall in these days, the remaining byrni which had been covered with shyiap to cover the well to build the footpath has collapsed and in this collapse it has appeared that the well has been covered with shyiap. thep shyiap in the byrni without covering with stones.
Since 2003, about six High Courts have ordered the Government to close down these types of shops and it has implemented this Act as a starting point.
In other districts, 13 cases were reported from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from West Jaintia Hills and 2 cases from South Garo Hills.
This threat was allegedly made by Bah Dkhar and his friends.
To name a few – workshops on bioethics, good clinical practices, research methodology and national conferences organized by the Department of Pathology and Dermatology.
Furthermore, due to the obstruction of the goals of the Federation of Khasi States, it sees daily conflicts in many areas between the Central Acts, Rules, Regulations of India and the Laws of the country. Khasi.
He said that at the meeting they also urged the Minister to look into this issue to continue the Grant-in-Aid to Adhoc Schools and the demand for promotion to implement the Equal Pay for Equal Work.
The stadium will accommodate between 25,000 and 30,000 spectators and will have accommodation for the players and can accommodate between 2,000 and 3,000 people.
The College in its report has given the results of the discussion on the flood.
Speaking to media after visiting the injured, the Prime Minister said the government has decided to spend on the treatment of the injured until they recover. take.
Shillong Lajong FC have scored two goals each against Pune FC through Williams Souza Silva and are hopeful that they will do well in the tournament. the game tomorrow morning.
Shillong, November 02: More than 198 people have attended the medical treatment organized by the KSU Laban Circle today and most of them are residents of Laban.
In his speech, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang congratulated the Khasi Author's Society and the Achik Literature Society for their support in this struggle. This Government's decision is one voice and if you don't want to express your voice, you have to go.
The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, on Tuesday said that all the holidays of the country according to the Almanac, all have a connection with nature. relationships with losers as well as with fishermen.
There are 76 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 48 ​​from West Khasi Hills and 18 from West Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries is 81,0 to date throughout the state.
The KSU leader strongly urged the State Government to reduce the number of sirens but to increase the work inside the Secretariat so that it will be for the benefit of the people because as of now we have reached more than 50 years. in the acquisition of a full state while the laws and regulations to protect the country are still lacking.
He was a member of the Garo Hills American Baptist Church.
Police have seen that a man has entered an Alto number AS-11-CC-4582 near Pyrtakuna village when he saw the BSF troops. The vehicle fled the scene but was arrested from Kuliang.
Officials of the Railway Department arrived at the scene from New Jalpaiguri, Katihar, General Manager, NF Railway, Cheta Kr.
New Delhi, November 28: The Union Government has ordered the three states of Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya, Nagaland, Tripura, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Himachal Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Odisha, Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal to declare The reason why these three States have not been able to appoint teachers for the SSA scheme is that they do not have qualified personnel. in this case.
Shillong, Nailur 22: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya today attended the Behdienkhlam ceremony of the Raid Tuber at Turber, where tens of thousands of people attended the ceremony. religion.
He refused saying that he had no money, in which case I said; “You have money to spend for Bala and repair her house but you don't have money for us.
This was announced in a statement by the Publicity Secretary of the CORP Central Body.
On the other hand, the police said that this is the first goal to curb crime and they will not allow the perpetrators to escape from the hands of the law. The law should be stricter against these perpetrators.
In a letter sent to the Prime Minister, HANM said that even during the lockdown, the number of cases has increased, as it appears from the media that those who stay at home do not respect the orders. The government and HANM have alleged that this has led to the increase in the number of cases in the state.
The Seng demands that the government should provide an ambulance because at present this PHC which serves dozens of villages has only one old ambulance. for the work of the PHC and the presence of only one ambulance has affected the patients.
Shillong, Iaiong 29: A cyclone has destroyed 32 houses and injured 12 people in Kulang area on the night of the 28th of this month, said Bah RK Hahshah. and one of the village officials.
Synsar is used to clean households. If the government puts synsar in the GST field to impose a heavy tax, it will affect the entire North East of India. One and many of the households rely on the income of the household to support the household from the cultivation of synsar.
In the complaint, Cornad said that the incident happened on the 14th of this month while they were celebrating Christmas. The incident was reported by Bishop Theodore Mascarenhas. SFX, Secretary General of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of India today.
Regarding the mining of mineral resources, the Chief Minister said the government has already appointed the Meghalaya Minerals Development Corporation (MMDC) as the government agency to work with the owners. The park owners will sign an agreement with the MMDC and the MMDC will take responsibility for obtaining all the permits including the mining.
While on duty, he continued his studies in PG Medicine and during this time he received the Gold Medalist.
It is with the cooperation of all the members of the House especially the Chief Minister and it is important now that all of them should work together and be able to fight against this disease.
The protesters in Rithor said that the Act is not secular as the Act does not include Muslims such as those who are persecuted in the name of religion from Pakistan, Afghanistan and Bangladesh.
In those who posted on Twitter, it was seen that the police raided vehicles not only for small vehicles or commercial vehicles but for all vehicles passing on the border with Bangladesh. starting today.
He said the EC has now decided that through section 3, the Act will be implemented first in the areas within the inter-state borders, so that a proper report can be obtained in relation to those especially those in the border areas with other states.
Tura, Lber 28: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government has already sent the names of the GNLA to the Central Government. part of talking peacefully.
India has the right to send two teams for the Open and the Women's tournament.
It is learned that in the past years, the electricity supply to the village has been taken from Nongkrem and Laitkor roads and when there is a shortage in these areas, the village of Mawryngkneng has also stopped the electricity supply from MeECL. has agreed to build a power sub station at Mawryngkneng.
The purpose is to empower the indigenous peoples to be a guideline in terms of their customs and traditions so that they will not be destroyed in this present era. They shall have the opportunity to communicate and develop according to their knowledge and understanding, which is given only in certain areas of the tribes.
Before doing this, the Income Tax Department has been monitoring for about a year and when it is ready, it will conduct an inspection.
The department has seen a report in one of the English newspapers.
After the meeting, both sides expressed their satisfaction with the outcome of the talks and decided to implement what they had agreed on the border with Bangladesh.
To open another account it is not possible because you have to provide an Aadhaar Card and a pan card, because these documents cannot have two documents and these documents cannot be used to determine the age of the children. don't get to play.
At this public meeting, he spoke on the state of Khaddar rule under the leadership of the Congress party, what has happened in these days regarding the jobs of teachers, Mater rolls under the PWD and to the Parliamentary Secretary.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 411 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 216 in West Garo Hills and 66 in West Garo Hills. to 4427 people.
All five are currently in police custody and the investigation is ongoing.
The Seng is pleased to say that although those students who have not been able to reach the goal of victory should not lose heart now but as parents who are within the Seng or even those who are not present, we will continue to do so. I encourage you from time to time to be those children who work hard without hesitation in order to reap the fruits of hard work in other times and years to come. in bringing glory as well as to others.
In his speech in the Legislative Assembly, the Governor mentioned and affected all the departments of the state government.
On the 9th of this month, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh announced the opening of new parishes including Mawiong, Mawtawar, Umpling, Nongrah and Madanrting.
On the last day, there was a competition for the youth and a tan tyllai game.
The Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra is a symbol of a larger objective to ensure social and economic development which aims to reach all areas and bring about the implementation of the Government's initiatives in all sectors. of the state.
On other issues raised by the farmers, he said the union has already discussed with the government.
The Minister in charge of Environment and Natural Resources said in the House that the 12 areas in the dispute between the two states are Tarabari, Ziza, Hahim and Langpih. , Baridua, Baklapara, Nongwah Mawtomer, Kherapara, Pilingata, Desdomrait, Block I, Block II, Khanduli, Pisiar and Ratachera.
In a meeting with the Doctor in charge of the PHC, the union said that the people of the area are willing to upgrade the PHC Namdong to a Community Health Center. bring great benefits to the residents of the area.
A total of 800 people from Meghalaya attended the meeting.
Shops should show that those who have already been vaccinated and those who have not yet vaccinated must show the RT-PCR result. Negative for six days.
"He said he was pleased that this conference was held in Hyderabad, and said that this city is known for its culture and cuisine, the welcome of those who come to this place and the attitude that is based on today’s technology.
All the elected office bearers were confirmed by the President of the RBYF, Bah BP Thangkhiew in the presence of the General Secretary, Publicity, Transport, Sports Secretary and Presidents of the Circle. such as Umsning, Nongpoh and Kyrdemkulai.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJ) has expressed its anger against the North East Sunshine Trust (NEST) India for sending a petition to the Government of India requesting it to resume the mining of uranium. from the State of Meghalaya.
“However, there are many issues that I often raise with the State President for the development of the party especially for the rural areas with suggestions to take action. “It's a good idea to put forward the party's position in the last elections in Meghalaya,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Five cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, four cases in Ri Bhoi District and one case in Ri Bhoi District. to 18 people.
The Fourth Battalion of the AR won the Battle of CHHAMB in 1971 and in the same year it also won the Battle Honor CHHAMB and Theater Honor J&K
The purpose of the bike rally is to invite and urge the people of the state to vote for the party which can bring about development in the upcoming elections. He said that this 5,000 rupees is not the money for five years.
The program was attended by the Principal of Vilco School and members of the MSHA Association. He said that practice should be held every day and not only during the games or only during the games abroad.
On the other hand, KSU Balat Border Area Circle has expressed its regret over this issue and therefore “We urge the District and Government authorities to install a Mobile Van Bank / ATM so that that the collection of money should be in the villages to avoid overcrowding and also to relieve the people from the problems in the field of collection of money”.
Other Rangbah Shnongs and leaders of various civil society organizations from Lumparing were also present on the occasion.
These are Patharkhmah Model Degree College and Rongjeng Degree College.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 1123 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state today.
During these two days, the public will be able to enter the residence of the Governor.
The participants not only violated the lockdown.
The union urges the government to investigate the facts and take appropriate action. It also demands that the government should conduct an independent inquiry into the involvement of other groups or departments that have nothing to do with the government. The understanding of this work leads to a thorough investigation to find the truth.
A report was also received from the President and Joint Secretary, the Joint Action Committee on their complaints to the Government and District Council authorities.
He also alleged that the delay in getting the bill passed is not from the state but from the government departments which have been examining and studying it for years. Shillong, April 24: The Superintendent of Police, Shillong, Bah Vivek Syiem IPS, today said that the bills sent by the KHADC Two persons have been arrested at Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Shillong this morning to arrest a KG student for allegedly kidnapping her.
At the time of his disappearance he was wearing a blue shirt, a blue jacket, a school bag and slippers.
It is alleged that this incident happened on the 26th of this month to a student of the university under the Department of History.
However, any investment is done as it was done for infrastructural investment which is not a bad thing.
In his speech, the Governor congratulated the leaders who have been able to create Meghalaya.
The number of participants in the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra exceeded the number of people in some major countries like Australia, Canada, Germany, France, Italy and South Africa.
Manipur also won one gold and two bronze medals while Arunachal Pradesh won only one gold medal.
The foundation stone for the construction of the pipeline was laid by the two Prime Ministers in September
Bah Lestar, HPF Tyrso branch manager, said that the spraying of pesticides has caused the death of fish, tham and other aquatic life and has resulted from the dead fish that have fallen into the water.
The KSU has done this to express its anger because this land should be a university not only as a college because the Meghalaya government has taken up to 200 acres of land to build the university. Surprisingly, you turned into a college.
Shillong, March 16: The Minister in charge of Arts and Culture, Bah RV Lyngdoh today inaugurated the 18 Degrees Festival, 2017 which will last for seven days.
At 3 pm, the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, called on the leaders to speak. The petition states that they are against the railway line.
The union is surprised how they don't know the fact that this road was announced by the MoRTH in 2010 through its website.
It is surprising how the Assam government has come to close the border while the talks are still ongoing with the Ministry of Home Affairs, but the Assam government has come to close the border. Assam Survey 2021-22.
They also discussed the issue of the border road from Balat to Maheskhola which has been badly damaged. They also urged the Chief Minister to set up a Police Out post at Maheshkhola. She said that it is necessary for the development of the area.
The threat is also against the scholars, the people, and the merchants.
The knowledge she has will be a leader for our mother-in-law society.
The project will also look at improving the coordination between various schemes and improving the performance of the state insurance agency.
These are the crops that the people of this state have been cultivating since before they got their own state.
Amit Shah said 'Evergreen Northeast' and stressed the need for forest revival and tree planting.
The reason for the opposition to Bah Overwell is that the method of introducing the scheme from NERGS is biased, especially in relation to chicken and pig farms where he has introduced only his own people. the chief of the village.
They were handed over to the Anti Narcotics Task Force for further investigation.
This is only for the MP election and if you have any complaint regarding the Lok Sabha MP election 2014 you can contact these numbers, said the DC Election of South West Khasi Hills. District.
The entire city of Tura today welcomed the President of India by waiting in line to welcome the President during his visit to Tura today. to the whole of Garo Hills.
The road from Sohra Market to Nohkalikai Valley is good only from the Market Road to the Ramkrishna Mission School but from that place to Nongkalikai the road is not only bad but small. which has put the commuters in a difficult position to unload even small vehicles.
Regarding the newly appointed doctors, the government should train them how to deal with these jobs so that when they reach the court they will not be defeated in the cases due to the mistake of the doctors. that doctor.
At the time of writing, no information has been received regarding the clash between the police and the insurgents.
It is also suspected that the children who committed the crime have started practicing evil worship, but the children could not be arrested as they fled the scene. These statues have been painted in one of the wells inside the village.
The victory of this competition is not only a victory but also a step towards the higher ranks of the competitions and will also help in working for charity in the country. in society.
Speaking to media, CoMSO leader Robert June Kharjahrin said that at a meeting held today, it was decided to hold a mass protest in Shillong. on the day the state celebrates its anniversary.
In West Jaintia Hills, police have arrested two persons, four persons have surrendered in front of the police and one person has surrendered later in front of the police. Two were adults and two were juveniles.
During the inspection of the union during the heavy rainfall, we found that the damage to the uranium storage facilities in 4 tanks is more severe now than in the past because as the union we visit them from time to time. places and recognize the difference between the past and the present.
The Minister said that the MLA's statement that the delay in payment affects the workers, at the same time the Minister said that the state government does not delay in payment because the money arrives late. from the federal government.
He said that there is close cooperation with the Assam Police to maintain peace and order on the border.
He said that the area itself is suitable for the soil and climate to grow this strawberry which is a very valuable variety.
Shillong, July 02: U Bah CB Iawphniaw, resident of Mawlai Syllaikariah, one of the writers of articles published in newspapers in the voice of the people or letter to the editor, on this occasion. He will now contest for MDC from his own village in Langrin Constituency, in order to bring about change in this area.
The Ministry of Tourism has launched YUVA Tourism Clubs as part of the celebrations of Azadi ka Amrit Mahotsav.
Since 2005 he has been fighting to recover from the bomb blast by the police.
The FKJGP feels that the contribution of the teachers cannot be compared to them but it has been witnessed that they are the most important Paia Khnong in the nation.
Police have launched an investigation into the arrival of the truck number HR-55-AD-5381 to carry the bear containing 1300 boxes without documents. enough leaves.
The government believes that African Swain Fever has entered Meghalaya through Assam as it originated in Arunachal Pradesh.
Therefore, it was found appropriate and it was decided to rename it as the Department of Labor Employment and Skill Development.
To prevent the illegal entry of people at night, the Forest Department will be consulted to fence and install gates.
On the other hand, the union has urged the DC that the union and the people strongly oppose this proposal.
The meeting was attended by the Deputy Commissioners of West Jaintia Hills District and West Karbi Anglong District, Members of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council and Karbi Anglong Autonomous District Council. districts of Meghalaya and Assam.
Jowai, Naitung 08: The District Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Officer, West Jaintia Hills District has informed all householders who have dogs or keep dogs, to bring their dogs to any place. the Veterinary Hospital.
The Secretary of the MCTA of St Edmund College said that the Governing Body has not yet sent any message regarding the protest. the strike will continue until a settlement is reached.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) on Tuesday said that the appointment of contractual posts for Asst Teachers in Government Schools is due to the lack of appointment procedures by the Education Department. clean and pure.
The aim is also to raise awareness among the faithful about the holy places in the country in the form of Live Darshan.
In 2001, the KSU under the leadership of Bah Danny M Khyriem decided to change the name of the park to Soso Tham Park. many times it has not reached the ears of the government.
The CEM of KHADC responded to the question whether the KHADC will assist those Hima which do not yet have dorbar halls from the special allocation of funds from the Central Government to the District Councils.
Roykupar Kharraswai, President of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU), said that the strike is indefinite and to force the government to look into their demands. More than 108 Ambulances have been installed at the EMRI office in Lawmali.
He also urged the bank to take more action and provide more generous assistance to women, including the youth and women, many of whom from this area are skilled in sewing clothes, so that they can stand in the market. I'm going to kjat.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: Shillong Police today recovered the body of a child from Umsherpi near Jahalupra with an inscription in the hand of Shila Singh.
During the meeting, they discussed the issue of peace and stability in the North East in collaboration between the BSF and the state governments on the border with Bangladesh.
Fourthly, the Rangbah Shnongs are in a state of shock because there is no law empowering them. He said that in this regard, there are three laws. they have to be shaped to recognize the Rangbah Shnong by law.
“Furthermore, Bah M Dkhar said that the arrest of the head of the Pala Group by the Jowai Police Station even after four years of his escape from the hands of the police is a mistake. He encouraged the people to know that the police don't sit idly by to track down any perpetrators.
Other speakers at the function were Plos Syiem, retired DSP, Pa.in Vincent Syiem, Raid Nongtluh Syiem, NEFA President Biaris Mallai, NEFA President Banisha Marbaniang, Therisia Syiem, President NEFA; Hundreds of people from all over the country came to witness the festival.
The Prime Minister who is not strong enough cannot leave the state without having a person in charge of the Khaddar administration to do the work in his name to carry out the duties. government jams.
Around 20 to 25 HITO members were stopped by the police at the main entrance and were not allowed to enter.
Such an event occurs every three years and the last time it happened was in 2006, the third time in 100 years.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HFU President Commander Shangpliang said that Conrad Sangma has promised to take action on these demands.
In this incident, a vehicle (ML05-H-5379) heading towards Shillong and a truck (NL01-K-1866) came from the other side.
He said that the more MDCs, the more expenses and the number of MDCs given by the Council is 35 elected by the people and 2 newly appointed. and one of them shall be a longkmie, without knowing that she shall be of any tribe.
On the other hand, the DC of West Garo Hills, Parvin Bakshi, said that those involved in the release of the accused will not be released but will be investigated strictly. in connection with this incident has gone ahead.
The Seng informed the Dean that in Meghalaya, there is no Bachelor Degree for Library & Information Science and this is one of the reasons why the youth of the state do not take the opportunity to complete this course.
The KSU has alleged that this was done by the Ribhoi District Police.
They were sworn in along with other prominent MPs of India including Rahul Gandhi, Congress MP from Rae Bareli, Samajwadi Party MP Akhilesh Yadav, NCP MP Supriya Sule (Sharad). Pawar), Mahua Moitra, MP of Trinamool Congress from West Bengal and others.
Referring to Dr. Mukul Sangma, the President of the MPCC said that Dr. Mukul Sangma is only one of the leaders of the party. he won by his hard work, or Mr. Charles and others likewise.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has launched the booster vaccination campaign for those who have already been vaccinated against COVID-1 Laitumkhrah Health Department officials have already distributed the booster vaccine.
The budget for this railway line is T.1,532 crore and only T.515.82 crore has been spent for the 10 km railway line which has been completed in parts of Assam till
“May this be an example for others especially in the future,” said the residents of Wahkhen in a statement.
Maoist militants shot dead Congress leaders at Darbha Ghat in Bastar district on the 25th of this month.
Replying to the speeches of all the members of the House, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor CEM of KHADC said that since the day he was elected as CEM in the House, he has not been able to work. Because the KHADC has become a place of struggle.
The words danda and kyoh mynthi in the lyrics are clear, modern and relevant and relevant throughout the times and some of the songs have inspired to change the shape and promote the spirit of change in the song. society in which it cannot be regarded as a pure song.
: Three bodies of three persons, including a woman, were recovered from a house under construction at Umsawli village, New Shillong Township this evening. day of God.
Clean marriage is an issue that has caused fear and anxiety even in small countries like Israel, Egypt and other low-income countries.
The KJNU leader is ready to apologize to many churches in the Pnar area in connection with his mistake as it appears because in all things he is wrong, so he requested everyone to forgive him. From now on, we the children of the Hynniewtrep people from Khyriem, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Langam, Maram and Diko should all work together in any field to preserve the Language, Culture and Tradition. to protect our small nation.
Moving the Privilege Motion, MLA of 17-Shillong North, Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that on 8th October 2022, when he moved the Private Members Bill, the Speaker of the House said that He was directed to request the House to introduce the Meghalaya Agriculture Land Regulation Bill
The meeting was conducted by Hardeep S. Puri, Minister in charge of Housing and Urban Affairs.
“We have sent a message to them all through our ksiang and we are still waiting for a reply from them,” he added.
Smit, November 12: The Deputy Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Telinia Thangkhiew in her speech at the ceremony of honoring the MDCs who have shown solidarity for the people of Nongkrem Constituency. which brought the Bill to the nation.
New Delhi, Jymmang 16: In a major step to strengthen the country's training system for athletes, the Sports Authority of India has selected 398 coaches. or training providers at various levels of 21 sports.
Speaking to media, Bah Nonglang said, “This construction is in violation of the Standing Order issued by the Meghalaya High Court in
After the agreement was reached, the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District was informed of the agreement.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Hima Nongspung Hima on Tuesday said that the Hima will provide land to the government to set up a police station at New Balakhawa and also a police house to protect the people. from the persecution of the people of Assam.
The party has given its strong support to him on the basis of his strong foundation and spirit of service, but it is surprising that Bah Adelbert is still looking for a strong foundation candidate. There is no house that you intend to build.
On discovering the incident, they immediately informed the Umïam Police Station for further investigation.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Ministry of Education today in a statement said that there have been protests by several organizations and the Ministry of Education has taken seriously this. protest.
As the first elected MLA, he worked hard and in 2014, he received T.3.92 crore and laid the foundation stone. a road that the people have been yearning for for more than 40 years now.
“This campaign was organized by PGIMER Chandigarh, NEIGHRIM Hospital Shillong and Union SEA, New Delhi. in collaboration with the National Tobacco Control Program (NTCP) Meghalaya.
“If the government doesn't, we will take to the streets to protest,” said Happiness.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: U MLA of 19-South Shillong today inspected the schemes implemented in Jhalupara and Paltan Bazar in the presence of village officials.
The union demands from the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills and the police to explain to the public where the Atomic Minerals Directorate has the authority to operate and mine uranium in Mawthabah now.
At this meeting, the Ministry of Tourism launched the National Strategy for Sustainable Tourism and Responsible Traveller Campaign.
June 21: The Warsan Lyngdoh Area Land Owners Association (KHADC) has delayed the issuance of NOC for the 2-lane Nongstoin-Wahkaji-Mawthabah road. Wahkaji, Phlangdiloin, Ranikor and others under its jurisdiction.
The auto rickshaw has registration number ML08 C
, of 16-East Shillong.
The leader of the KJNU is Samla Niman.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The State Working President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prof.D War today confirmed nine branches of the National People's Party (NPP) in the 17-North Shillong Constituency. today at a meeting at the Jaiaw Lum Pyllon Village Council Hall.
The district authorities also expressed their gratitude to the Dorbar Shnong Lapalang for providing food items since the beginning of the refugees from Manipur.
The SP of East Jaintia Hills District said.
The Legislative Assembly and the people should understand why this goal has not been achieved yet.
That shah all shikatto.
Marcus had five sons and daughters.
The KSU has alleged that the Deputy Commissioner and the Superintendent of Police have angered the members of the KSU. They went to the DC office to speak, but when they reached the DC office to speak, the leaders were arrested and the members were bombed and tied.
This hall is not yet completed but the purpose of this hall is to investigate.
He asked why the people are still protesting even though the CAA 2019 has become a law.
This order prohibits the movement of people in groups or vehicles in groups, and no one will be allowed to carry any weapons, except the police.
There has also been a lot of traffic jam in some parts of Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that eight people have died of COVID-19 in Meghalaya. The death toll has risen to 1269 from East Jaintia Hills, 4 cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from South West Garo Hills and 1 case from West Khasi Hills.
The total number of recoveries today is 61, 26 from West Jaintia Hills, 23 from East Khasi Hills, 3 from South West Garo Hills, 2 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from South Garo Hills. all of them were 12531 people.
In this regard, the DCs have informed and written to the Rangbah Shnongs to collect the rotin so that they can comply with the rules and regulations to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic. .
He sent a letter to the Chief Minister expressing his disapproval of the public hearing of the Star. Cement CMCL for the expansion of the quarry on two areas of at least 9.66 HA and 13.58 HA, as well as Topcem Cement MCL which has an area of ​​33.45 HA. Ma Marki Mulieh MDC of Jowai North has demanded an explanation from the Prime Minister on how the government can allocate private land for use by these factories. The production of dewbilat by foreigners is one of the violations of the Transfer of Land Regulation Act
On their part, they will protest against this action of this government department.
NEPMU has decided to stop the smuggling of petrol and diesel after the members arrested on charges of smuggling petrol halfway have not been released from police custody yet. mine
The number of recoveries has risen to 10, 20 cases have been admitted to hospitals, 16 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi and 3 cases in West Garo Hills.
The Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya was led by Angelus Sun, President of the Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya. They are also referees of the Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya.
The Estimate Committee was led by Rajesh Gupta MLA, Ajay Dutta and other MLAs of the Delhi Legislative Assembly. There are 521 hospitals, these are for the poor residents who don't have to pay any fees. These hospitals have all kinds of tests and doctors.
The students in their meeting today passed the Tenancy Bill.
The body of Bah Phurly Suting was taken to the morgue at the Civil Hospital, Shillong for post mortem. Civil Hospital, Shillong in compliance with the guidelines of the National Human Rights Commission.
The day was filled with traditional songs and dances.
Pynehbor Mylliemngap in the weight category 48 kg over 23/40 yrs Elite, Balaseibok Kharbuli in the under 23 yrs 48 kg category and Skhemborlang Marweiñ. and others have won various awards.
In a statement issued by the PIB, the central government's information department, the daily wage in Harayana should not exceed T.214 tyngka and in the northern states. The export of India should not be less than T.135 tyngka.
Especially the problem for the people is the death and illness because they have to pass through this bridge.
The Chief Minister said that there is a need to strengthen the police force to curb any incident as maintaining peace and order is the responsibility of the state government.
The meeting was to discuss the issue of trading license by the members of HITO Nongthymai Circle and the meeting with the society at RR Colony.
The state government has played a positive role, he noted.
She also expressed her concern over the rapid growth of drugs in the state and also over the turning into a drug hotspot in Shillong and other parts of the state.
The victim was identified as Bah Kyrmen Lyngdoh Nonglait, 38, resident of Erpakon village. The victim was taken to Civil Hospital Nongpoh for treatment. he was pronounced dead on this earth.
He said that this tournament does not open the door for these children to showcase their talents in the tournament to be held in China.
Answering a question by Bah M Nongrem and Bah A Nongrum regarding the post of Syiem in the Mawsynram Hima, Bah KP Pangniang EM in charge of Elaka Affairs said that the it is the truth that this kingdom has received a full King.
Mintu M Sangma was elected as Chairman and Harley M Sangma as Co Chairman , Genl.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The upper part of the Dwar Ksuid Bridge has collapsed today and this collapse has put the bridge in grave danger.
On the other hand, all the 13 civil society organizations want the government to expedite the implementation of the setting up of check posts for foreigners to enter the state.
Shillong, July 18: The State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA) today announced that in the past five days from 10th to 18th July 2024, two people have died in the natural disasters. two people.
At present, Assam is working hard to register the people who own land on the border.
Therefore, as a nation, we have the right to get the ILP which has been delayed by the BJP leaders in Delhi.
The Administrative Building to be constructed of NEIAH, with an area of ​​3160 sqm, will have one building (G+3) with two floors at the bottom, including one hall.
The celebration was launched in India by the National Trust of India to teach the public how to respect those with disabilities as enshrined in the Constitution of India. The United Nations has also decided to celebrate this day as the International Day of the Anna.
The Chairperson of the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) Priyank Kanoongo has directed the Meghalaya Government to monitor all Madrasas or Muslim schools in Meghalaya and to ensure that the children studying in These schools should also attend schools in the state.
The union strongly warns that it will not allow people to traffic and drink drugs and will continue to work hard to arrest such people.
Initially, the depositor was accused of being authorized by the church committee, but to deposit the money collected from the deposit with the State Bank of India at the Iewduh branch since 2009 was handed over to Bah Bareh. they lived in the Mission Compound.
At the same time, the BSF said that due to the heavy rainfall and the lack of floodlights on the border in many places, the BSF has put them in a difficult position to fight against these smugglers. illegal as many of the areas are illegal and this has enabled criminals to damage government property on the border with Bangladesh.
On the other hand, we as JYF-EJH demand that the government should immediately repair the NH 44 before the people come out to force the government with strong protests. “This will have a serious impact on the income and peace and order in the state,” said Bah PL Majaw President of JYF Sengkmie.
During the march, the devotees held prayers for peace in Manipur until they reached the ground of St. Anthony's School, Laitumkhrah, where leaders from different religions. They also prayed for peace to return to Manipur.
FKJGP demands that the contractor should be sent to work like other PMGSYs in other places which are going quickly to work even during this time of covid-1 Enbok Marak general secretary of Aradonga FKJGP area unit and TTrilling Shira president.
The Deputy Commissioner & Chairman of DSC West Jaintia Hills, please send information to all the candidates who apply for the Post LDA- cum- Typist so that they can get accurate information to attend the Written Examination to be held on 26th November, 2016 as usual.
Shillong, June 24: The President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar today criticized the State Government for the allegations and harassment of KSU members and youths. Khasi have not received any massacre of foreigners in different parts of the State.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister of Manipur promised that the government will provide protection to the Khasi living in the state.
Speaking to reporters, he said that in Khasi Hills District, all three BSF personnel are stationed at the BOP in Lyngkhat.
“The Assam police should not invade the border of Meghalaya and if this continues it will be sad.
On this day, the people who still hold the traditional religion came from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills to celebrate this day.
Because it doesn't only look after the jobs but also looks after other jobs related to employment and other special training jobs.
He also mentioned the recent road scheme allocated under the North East Special Development Scheme for the upgradation of the Mawshynrut-Hahim-Boko road.
“Since the IEDs have been exploded all over the metor area, to blame only the HNLC and its leader is wrong because this issue in the metor area is not related. a new shiah in the fields of all those who need to be evacuated (those who live in Them Iewmawlong).
Speaking to reporters, Bah M Marbaniang Joint Director of MBOSE, said that the total number of students who will sit for the Matriculation or SSLC examination starting on 4th October is 51356 in 143 schools. three examination centers.
Search operations in the area are ongoing.
The value of the clothes seized from Pyrdiwah in East Khasi Hills has reached Rs 4 lakh.
Shillong, July 02: Two new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in West Garo Hills District, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today. Province.
The letter to the Prime Minister will start tomorrow morning until the 4th of next month.
After the Rangbah Shnong Kitbok Rymbai learned of the incident, he warned her and threatened her using a phone number 9856158320 on the 27th of this month.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has directed the BSF not to interact with the people in Lyngkhat.
At the same time, the shopkeepers have been warned that they cannot force the customers to buy what they do not want. whatsapp number @
Speaking to SP News Agency, the president of the JSU said that it is shocking to see the pollution of this place where tourists throw away bills and plastic. .
It is learned that on the day of his arrival in Shillong, Bah David was wearing a blue jeans and a blue trakut jacket. Please inform the police immediately.
Referring to the examination, the Prime Minister said that initially there was a problem but this can be arranged for those students who went to write the examination.
The Court has fixed the date for the hearing on the 23rd of this month.
“These nine years have been devoted to the achievement of inclusive, future-oriented and sustainable development.
This program has been praised for its effectiveness.
The winners of this competition will represent the Eastern Air Command in the Declamation Contest to be held at the Central Level of the AFWWA in New Delhi.
T.135 crores has already been spent by the government on the Dry Process Project, besides 85 crores has been allocated to MCCL for the payment of bills to suppliers and contractors and other requirements including the payment of salaries to the employees.
Regarding the claim that the raid areas are now only 25%, this is unacceptable and he as the EM in charge of this will have to know whether it is true or not. this is the case.
The Seng also condemns the recent incident inside NEHU where there was an attempt to rape a Khasi Samla by a NEHU Officer on the 19th of November 2023 which has shocked many people. The Seng has said that the authorities in charge of NEHU should not allow such incidents to happen again and to ensure the safety of the students. women who are inside the school.
He also admitted that the income in the Riwar Mihngi has declined significantly due to the deterioration of the Shillong-Dawki road.
The Director said that today one mother has died of COVID-19 identified as Kong Fullmai Dhar 37 years old from Nartiang village. court to 78 people.
At this meeting, they decided to fight against illegal trafficking on the border, illegal money, drugs and other illegal activities which affect the people on the border. furthermore the relationship between the two countries.
The ASHAs who work harder receive a salary of T.7000 to T.8000 per month.
Laitkor and Nongrim Hills have now qualified for the Shillong Premier League (SPL) which is organized by the Shillong Sports Association.
The construction of shops in the parking lot cannot be done without the knowledge of the SMB. However, the SMB has not yet reduced the number of shops.
Shillong, March 08: The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Higher Secondary School (KHHS) today celebrated its 125th Anniversary.
Recognized universities with at least 'A' grade or between 1 and 100 in the 'School' list of the NIRF rankings for the year in question may establish training centres. in other places.
The DYP 2019 was inaugurated by Dr. A. Gatpoh, VC, ICFAI University Meghalaya, in the presence of Dr. BD Cajee State NSS Officer and Dr. IB Bhuyan Registrar. welcome all those who came to take part.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Khasi Hills is truly a country in the middle of the world and the Princess of Thailand today visited Meghalaya especially to visit the Khasi Hills.
Tura, March 29: The Garo Students' Union (GSU) today through the Deputy Commissioner of East Garo Hills sent a letter to the Minister in charge of Electricity, Bah Sngewbhalang Dhar The government has urged the government not to turn off the lights in November as it is the examination time.
On the other hand, HITO will not take part in the meeting to be held on 16th November 2021 until the ILP is implemented. “It's not like we're going to be able to get the ILP,” said Ban Kharnaior, President of Ri Bhpoi District.
Where the Government of India is unwilling or unable to resolve the issues of Meghalaya on the border, the Government of Meghalaya should understand to do its duty, with the understanding that there is a lack of police force. Police should be introduced to the public.
He also urged the people to see far ahead by looking at the evidence of the destruction of the state from the MLAs who have been the Chief Ministers and Ministers in this five years. The destruction of many aspects including the income of the poor, employment opportunities for students, the loss of many agricultural and mineral products produced in the area, education There is a decline in education which remains the same to this day and all others who have no one to stand to witness for the good especially as MLAs and others.
At the same time, they will also write to the Standing Parliamentary Committee or the Ministry of Home Affairs to demand that the remaining land should be transferred from the land of the tribals to the land of the tribals. CAA is not implemented in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Bah Marjied Wahlang, Bah Everjoy Nongpluh and Bah Smberlight Mawsharing said that the college has been providing education to the people of Ri Bhoi for 35 years and many youngsters have benefited.
The CEM of KHADC has congratulated the HYC Sohiong for taking the initiative to bring forward these two methods of census. that they have found through RTI because this is an important part of the identity of the nation.
The Ministry of MSME has implemented the Technology Center Systems Program (TCSP) at a cost of T.2,200 crore, including a World Bank loan of USD 200 million, to open 15 new Roomba tools and Technology Development Centers (TCs) and the development of 18 existing TCs across the country.
Regarding this incident, the District Administration of West Khasi Hills and Kamrup District have met at the scene to resolve the incident so that there will be no incident at the scene. you are still in the middle of the struggle.
On the other hand, the drug dealers said that this will encourage and comfort those people who have become addicted to drugs.
He was also the founder of the BJP in Nongstoin in
The KHADC has already set up a committee which will be chaired by the EM in charge of the home department and will include engineers and officers.
The Chief Minister informed the House that the government has already paid three times the amount of T.5.49 crore for the land. The state government has already handed over the land to the central government. The College of Agriculture has now been established in this area.
“On my part, I send my condolences to her family especially to her husband, children, brothers and sisters, and also to her relatives. he will comfort and strengthen your broken and afflicted soul.
Speaking to SP News Agency, MLA of the area, Bah Kimfa said it is sad to see that the Meghalaya government has not taken action to talk to the Assam government to give assurance that the people on the border shall not be disturbed.
Three executive members were also elected.
He said that up to 74 households will be affected by the construction of the dam and at the same time their farmland will be lost forever.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Meghalaya Government has announced the date of the General Election to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council 2019 to be held on 27th June 2019 and after the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct and others. The District Magistrate of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat has banned political parties and candidates from campaigning within 100 meters of the polling station.
At the same time, he urged the parents not to allow their children to drive or two wheelers without a driving license. The search operation has now resolved the issue of illegal driving after the search operation was conducted.
Having examined the state of Khadar rule in the state, it was time for a new national party to emerge to bring about a revolution in society.
The Central Government's share will be paid from the Nirbhaya Fund.
For Meghalaya, there will also be a special training for the students on how to pass the examination which will be held on the 28th of this month.
Shillong, July 19: The Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, which was passed in Meghalaya since the independence of Meghalaya, has not been able to function properly due to the lack of staff in the Wildlife Department. Division, which falls under the jurisdiction of the Forest Department.
In a statement, Sadon will be the spokesperson between the party and the two government officials, PS Dkhar IAS and AK Mishra, Advisor MHA. Northeast (Retd IPS) of the Central Government to talk peace.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The United Democratic Alliance (UDA) in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has split. of Mr. Latiplang Kharkongor.
He said that in the first complaint to the KHADC, a complaint was filed against Syiem Ainam under Sections 7 (c) and 7 (e) of the Act. Act, 2007 and in accordance with the Right to Fair Compensation and Transparency in Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Act,
Shillong, Jymmang 9: A total of 418 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in the state today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 2899 and of these in East Khasi Hills 1723 cases.
Therefore, the Wapung Circle invites all the members of the Wapung Circle to attend the General Meeting of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle. and the works to be arranged shall be smooth and fruitful for the benefit of the Kur Dkhar.
This year, the PM CARES Fund has allocated Rs 201.58 crore to set up 162 Pressure Swing Adsorption (PSA) oxygen plants in government hospitals across the country.
The program also witnessed the distribution of Tablet PCs from the Chief Minister's Digital Learning Aid (MTAB) Scheme to the students of 10 schools in the district by the Chief Guest and other dignitaries. was present in this program.
The Seng cannot forget the problems faced by the leaders of the KSU since the first establishment of the KSU in Assam. we, the Khar Muslims who cut and burn the trees and tympew of our Khasi and also kidnap our Khasi.
Justice Tinlianthang Vaiphei, Judge of the Gauhati High Court, has been postponed from taking over as Judge of the Tripura High Court. 23rd of this month.
He said that the registration of nominations will be held in the office of the Secretary Legislative and the judging of the nominations will be held on Tuesday.
According to the census, there are 105 households in Mawlynnong, 3 churches, 3 schools, 2 primary and one upper primary, said the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlynnong, Bah Moral. KJP School, Shillong.
In a letter sent to the Chief Minister, ABVP Meghalaya State President Tengku M Marak said that the resolution has been announced by the Ministry of Education for the post of Assistant Teacher in the Government. Lower Primary Schools in Dadanggre Subdivision for those who have passed the MTET examination especially those from the Unreserved Category have raised a big question mark as no ethnic group has appeared in the UR Category list.
Through this, the North Eastern States are some of the first states to take advantage of this benefit, along with Maharashtra, Goa, Delhi and Karnataka.
The winners will receive cash prizes, medals and certificates.
Dohtdong said the party does not take this seriously and demands that in 2022 Meghalaya should celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the state. ai is that the state shall have a full border.
Shillong, Lber 10: The Government led by Dr Mukul Sangma will seek the approval of the Government from the Legislative Assembly.
In the men's category, Vivian Pajuh won the silver medal in the Men's Bermuda Beach Model Short category, Ebenesar Khongsit won the bronze medal in the Men's Body Building Fitness category. Pyndapbor Dkhat won the bronze medal in the Super Body Category, Badon Kupar Kharbhih won the Bronze medal in the Junior Category. Building Athletic Category with Lalremmawia Sangma.
However, as it is located in the middle of the market area, it may be considered how to raise funds from the building but a decision will be taken later on this.
said Mr. Metbah.
The AJYWO said that this action of MeECL has affected the poor households as they have to pay two bills, besides the high electricity bill but they cannot use the electricity as appear on the bill, then the bill of expenditure for the installation of emergency lights.
At the time of writing, one vehicle was burnt down in Police Bazaar and several shops were burnt down.
The celebration was held at the Laitumkhrah Cathedral, where the Holy Mass was conducted by the Archbishop Rev. Victor Lyngdoh in the presence of priests and religious leaders. Meghalaya Sister Shalini Rose Joseph is the Chief Executive Officer.
The blind audition will be held on November 2,
The party invites other party members to join hands in supporting the party and has already spoken to Akhil Gogoi, one of the public servants from Assam and from Assam. Meghalaya CSWO Agenes Kharshiing also helped to fight for the farmers.
Drug trafficking is the most common.
He said that the Legislative Assembly has three parts, the eastern part, the middle part and the western part. These parts have not been affected at all. The whole house shall not be affected.
Police of South West Khasi Hills District today announced on Twitter that they have launched a search operation against vehicles parked on the border with Bangladesh.
Shillong, March 10: At 9 pm on Monday night, a policeman on duty at Phramer, AM Sangma, signaled a truck (HR-38T-6486) to stop at Phramer. The truck overturned and hit the policeman who was doing his job.
Regarding this Act, the union said that this Act has been implemented only within the European Wards or Normal Areas within Shillong through the Government Notification No.TCP/1 /88/40 on 13.01.1989 has come into force throughout the State.
AMSSASTA also demanded that the government should pay the remaining arrear of the teachers.
“We have a responsibility to you and your family and want to help you so that you and your families can receive the benefits to which you are entitled," the statement added.
Until now, we have seen that the products imported from outside the state have been sold at the price of mur, while the products of our country have been sold at the price of Marwari.
The Chief Minister also called for the construction of a Technology Park in New Shillong. In his speech, he said that the government wants to attract people to invest in the field of electronic and technology factories. in the state of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the HYC said that if they continue to open their offices during the Jaitbynriew holidays, the HYC will take strong action.
Many of the residents of the district are low income and cannot afford to go to Shillong for treatment and the lack of this health center has caused problems to the poor.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The NDA government's currency exchange announced by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has worked in Meghalaya against insurgents. East Garo Hills Police have seized T.35 lakh tyngka suspected to belong to the GNLA. Two people who tried to exchange the money they have by creating tricks how to exchange the money they have because the government has said that 1000 and 5000 rupees will not be allowed three more.
They have authorized Bah John F Kharshiing, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States to take part and discuss the issue with the KHADC Committee to get clarity on the intention of the KHADC authorities. , and once they have received this clarification, they will think about it, because they said that many of the writings from the FKS have gone to the Government of India and the Government of India has sent a letter requesting clarification from The Government of Meghalaya is still waiting for clarification from the KHADC on this issue.
There are writings within the KHADC which have clearly stated that the boundary has already been defined but the question now is whether the leaders of Meghalaya don't have time to look at it and have handed it over to the officers. look at this work.
The maximum rate of professional tax is T.2500 per annum.
He said that the Congress does not want to politicize this incident, they came to know what happened. The government has relied solely on the powers of the District Administration and therefore needs strong powers.
Many of the children under the age of 18 who smoke cigarettes in this way use disposable e-cigarettes, including Elf Bar cigarettes, which contain watermelon and blueberry ice.
The Bharat Interface for Money (BHIM) is an app launched by the NPCI to enable fast payments using UPI. Currently, there are about 1.25 crore people using it.
The CEM said that the Bill is very important and he hopes that the House will pass the Bill. After it is passed, it will be sent back to the Governor. To get approval, this bill is to regulate the Khasi Kurs.
In the first semi final, Mohun Bagan AC beat Shillong Lajong FC 5-0 in the first semi final of the tournament. this team plays.
"India has scope for further growth, through the contribution from wage earners and people, if reforms are implemented," the IMF said.It recommended that policies should look at replenishment fiscal buffers, ensuring price stability, ensuring the smooth running of monetary affairs, and accelerating progress through reforms.
The taxi drivers have marched to the Deputy Commissioner's Office to demand that the District Chief should cancel the order.
In this tragic incident, this house has been damaged and not even a single piece of clothing, clothes or other items have been lost. KSU Mawryngkneng General Secretary on 27.7.2020 under the leadership of the General Secretary of KSU Mawryngkneng and the Mynriang unit also donated money to the household. .
Both of them are from Happy-I Rymbai's Iatyllilang FC.
Regarding the demands of the union, the demands of the land dealers are unfounded.
“Unfortunately, the relatives have expressed their reluctance to allow the NEHU authorities to meet him on this matter.
Shillong, Nailur 10: India has celebrated National Nutrition Week from 1st to 7th November as a month to provide food to mothers and children.
The Bill regulates the rules, expands its functions to include Over-the-Top (OTT) programs and digital news, and introduces definitions and rules for emerging technology.
Today, 9th July 2024, we had a meeting with the members of the Council (July), Parish Priests (Mawlai & Nongthymmai) and Elders. to open these parishes.
Shillong, March 19: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today said that there will be a siren sound from 9:00 am to 12 noon today. They will conduct this program to prepare for the earthquake and the residents of Jail Road and Police Bazaar are requested not to be surprised by this incident.
Regarding the allegation that there has been an impact on the federal structure of the country, this is not new. This has been said for many years, to say that there is no understanding between the states. and the central government is not true now let the ministers of the central government come from time to time to understand this area.
On the other hand, Bah Paul said that the discussion today was about West Khasi Hills District and the discussion was specific to Langpih.
On the other hand, it has been a great blessing for the poor and needy people who cannot afford to build their own houses. households have been built in Nongkohlew.
“Prime Minister Narendra Modi stressed the need to set a target for the empowerment of children and students in every university in order to achieve Viksit Bharat.
A total of 20,425 thousand out of 25,434 students from 246 schools sat for the HSSLC examination which was held at 105 centers.
(b) If the Government has responsibility for the area, it should bring it to Umdohlun/Wahkaji or any place more central to the C&RD Block and the offices of various departments to the area. The residents have to travel to Mawkyrwat and Ranikor which are farther away.
In the past four years, to achieve the vision of Prime Minister Duh to have a peaceful, prosperous and prosperous North East, the Ministry of Home Affairs has signed many agreements that have resolved the issues. which have remained for decades.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), Mawlai Circle has warned against those Dkhars who shop in Iewduh, Police Bazaar and other places who increase the price of all goods by The Sengbhalang has received many complaints from the people who buy and sell and the Sengbhalang will take strong action against these people. take advantage only to gain for yourself without hesitation.
The State Government has taken strong action against the illegal Coke Plants in compliance with the order issued by the Meghalaya High Court.
In connection with this incident, it is said that shortly after the incident, a bus arrived and the people inside the bus immediately informed the residents of the village. Nonglang where they arrived at the scene and informed the police.
As soon as I saw this (when I recorded the video) they started shaking hands and threatened to shoot me and threw me near the Zero Point separating India-Bangladesh. mobile phone which is still in their possession until this moment when this ejahar has been lodged,” said Dr. Buam in the ejahar.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The party has decided to oppose the UCC and the party through the President will write to the MDA government on this occasion to express its opposition to the UCC. The NEHUSU Students Union (NEHUSU) today expressed its regret and opposition to the Vice Chancellor's decision to implement the National Education Policy, 2020 in the state.
With the decision to open another block, the new block will include parts of Mylliem Block and Mawryngkneng C&RD Block.
Regarding the order of the Supreme Court, the government has decided to take action to prevent such violence against women.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: Shillong Lajong Academy Men's Club today beat Mohammedan Sporting Club 1-0 in the Group B final of the U-13 Youth League at Howrah Stadium, Kolkata. .
Rowell won his first MLA election in 1972 and won until 1983, lost in 1988 and won again in 1993, lost again in He won again from 2008 to 2013 and has been an MLA for seven consecutive terms from this constituency.
Next month, ambassadors from 100 countries will visit Pune on November 4, where they will also visit the Serum Institute of India and Gennova Biopharmaceuticals Limited.
Shillong, July 09: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, including the Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, has decided to join hands with the Adivasi leaders from Andhra Pradesh, Telengana. to convey the rights and demands of the leaders of India.
However, the DC requested the party to allow, saying, “If you have allowed, I promise you and the people please allow within the 9th I will send the equipment. Machine/Roller to repair the road.
The KSU Namdong Unit has just inspected the PHC and demanded through the media to upgrade the PHC to CHC. This is according to a statement issued by the Publicity Secretary of KSU Namdong Unit Samla Barister. Wait.
The government should appoint a team of inquiry into the smuggling of cows and there has been a discussion whether there are powerful people involved in this smuggling. In fact, the government should have investigated why the sale of cow meat was banned.
Minister of State for Child Development in the Raj Panchayat Department.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that the CEO of Meghalaya has said that what they are doing is the rules of the Election Commission of India. it is with this that he has to talk to the legal department of the state government.
“We don't want to create any trouble, we don't want to create any trouble but we see that the Government is calling for trouble in the state,” said the KSU leader. .The Shillong Traffic Police (STP) on Tuesday raided two wheelers at IGP Point without proper documents, drivers without license, motorcycles. You can install a modified silencer.
To achieve these targets, the Cabinet has approved three schemes of the department to be implemented in the mission mode namely Mission Poshan 2.0, Mission Shakti and Mission Vatsalya.
The allocation for the CMSDF will be T.12 crore and to expedite the implementation of the scheme, it will be implemented through the Chief Minister Secretariat. These things have taken too long because they have to go through many rules.
When inquired, he said that the State Government will seek financial assistance from the Central Government for the construction of these roads.
Shillong, June 25: The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) today worked hard and distributed food items to the poor families in 13 villages across the Khasi Hills which have been affected by the lockdown. fight against COVID-1
The Indian Army launched 'Yoga Bharatmala' and called yoga demonstrations in coastal areas such as 'Yoga Sagarmala'
This competition has helped in bringing and encouraging the children to have a spirit of fighting among themselves and also to promote this sport especially in this state.
In the men's cross country category, Ronel Singh of Manipur won the gold medal, Kevin John Khyllait of Meghalaya came second and Mesak Vanlalvena of Mizoram came third.
At the same time, the PDF leader said that if the UDP, BJP or the PDF win, it will strengthen the MDA government. The party has held such a meeting twice and those who came to take part were from all the districts in Khasi and Jaintia Hills. Referring to the mid-term elections in Shella Constituency, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that the party is confident of winning the MDC elections. Shillong, Nailur 29: As part of the promotion of the Sur Tynrai of the Jaitbynriew, the Hynniewtrep Youths (HYS) has given its full support to the PDF candidate. The Council (HYC) Sohiong Circle today 28th November, 2019 has organized a group song competition from different schools in Nongkseh, Sohiong and Weilyngkut.
When the police opened the pla, they found 21 bags of powder. When they opened the pla, they found that there were 21 bags of powder. This pla is not known.
“For your love and trust in my son, may God bless you and everything will be fine”, said the mother of Bah HS Shylla as a blessing to the people. .
Shillong, Naitung 22: Speaking as the chief guest at a one-day workshop convened by the CSIR-CRRI at the office of the North Eastern Council (BRCRI), Shillong, Naitung 22, there is no need to follow the rules in the construction of roads.
He said that MeECL should improve its performance.
During his two-day visit to Shillong, the Chief of Air Staff will open a two-day Commander's Conference under the auspices of the EAC. speech at this joint meeting of air force officials.
Shillong, March 17: Two bikes were damaged when unidentified persons detonated a petrol bomb at a house in Laban at around 1.30 pm today.
The introduction of the Vistadome coach on the train No 04688/04687 Budgam-Banihal will boost tourism in the state and will open up opportunities for tourists to see better the state.
This has also been achieved with the support of government authorities and groups.
Besides those who have been promoted, Rubul Ali has been promoted to the rank of Inspector of Police. Constables S.Arengh, I Narlong and C.Lyngdoh have been promoted to the rank of Head Constable.
Shillong Lajong have decided to do well in the current I-League by signing seven prominent players from other countries of the world.
This is according to a statement sent by Ribanroilang Lyngdoh, General Secretary of the Meghalaya Steering Committee.
During the meeting, the 13 organizations made it clear to the government that it should not remain silent on the issues it is facing.
To facilitate the distribution of foodgrains to the people in the rural areas, vehicles should also be installed to distribute the foodgrains to more remote areas.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The President of the Meghalaya SSA School Teachers' Union, Bah Aristotle Rymbai, on Tuesday said that the union has decided to hold a The protest was held at Malki Square on Tuesday, 14/9/2
The highest number of deaths was reported from East Khasi Hills District with 651 cases, followed by 85 cases from West Jaintia Hills, 42 cases from West Garo Hills, 37 cases from Ri Bhoi, The death toll has risen to 890 with 13 deaths in West Garo Hills, 7 cases in North Garo Hills, 7 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 6 cases in East Garo Hills and 4 cases in South Garo Hills.
During his visit to Jaintia Hills, the Chief Minister also held a meeting with the offices of East Jaintia Hills District to discuss the disaster and directed them to be vigilant to assist. at any time there is no work.
He said that the closure of UCIL's office in 2018 is part of the efforts to convince the public not to continue, but until now it has been slowly moving from top to bottom.
“The most important thing is that we as the soldiers of the Jaitbynriew should be fully prepared to fight for the cause of the Jaitbynriew whether it is by mental or physical strength,” said Rangbah. Venus Syngkon Adhoc President of KSU Moodymmai Unit, Samla Eugene Hinge General Secretary of KSU Nangbah Unit, Samla Estar Ryngkhlem President Madur Unit, Samla Shaniah Shkem Dkhar Asst Finance Secretary Samla KSU JHDU and Samla Jair Jair Ex President Crispin Dkha. Eastern  College Student Union, Khliehriat.
On Gandhi Jayanti, Khadi Bhawan at Connaught Place in New Delhi recorded the highest sale of Khadi and Village Industries products worth T.1,52,45,0
The Iewduh, the largest market in Meghalaya, today closed its doors to support the Bahrat Band.
On this occasion, a special prayer was held with various youth leaders in the community.
Regarding this incident, NEEPCO has also called for the assistance of experts from NHPC and Bhakra to assist.
The drone crashed inside India 2700 meters from the border.
Since entering the institution, IIM Shillong has ensured that students from various disciplines join the MBA programme.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed a new case in the United Kingdom and has advised all those who have arrived from the country in the past three months to take care of themselves. to look after your health.
On the other hand, the PDF has put before the people who went to form a government with the Congress where Bah Bindo M Lanong was the Deputy Chief Minister in those years.
Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the UDP, said that if the RDA coalition candidate reaches the target, he will speak on the ILP, border issue, the inability to implement the ILP in the state and The inclusion of the Khasi language in the 8 Scheduled in collaboration with KAS, will speak on the Sam border which has been going on since ancient times.
In this regard, the Union Minister promised to assist.
Shillong, July 10: The Ri Bhoi District Sports Association (RDSA) today met with the Minister in charge of Sports to congratulate him for launching the India Khelo Scheme. Plastic covering of football ground at Kurkalang Stadium in Bhoirymbong, Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Federation of Persons with Disabilities (FPWDs), an organization of people with disabilities, includes the Meghalaya Deaf Association. The Garo Hills Association of the Deaf will hold a two-day protest in Shillong.
Then it was posted at Mokoiram village which is only three or seven kilometers from the Outpost at Khanduli.
It is because of this that the region has not yet reached the level it should reach in sports.
From these two places, a large number of ammunition and rifles belonging to the militants were recovered.
The church was built in 1910 and two lives were lost in the fire.
On the other hand, the Minister promised to take action to look into the matter and will seek clarification from the Forest and Law Departments especially on the non-sending of the Meghalaya Assembly Resolution to Delhi. The Minister was informed that the Forest Department has invited the members of the MLFOA to discuss the proposal to amend the Indian Forest Act 1927 on 16th July 2019 at 11 am. .
This is the first time such a competition has been held in Meghalaya.
In his speech, the Minister promised to take action and monitor these issues faced by the SSA teachers and also to ensure the rights of the SSA teachers.
Shillong, Nailur 28: Teachers who have passed the examination for teaching jobs today carried flags and placards to protest against the results released by the National Institute of Schooling. (NOIS) in front of the office of the Directorate of Education Research Training (DERT).
The consumption of clean foods is not only among those who are rich, well-off, but also among those who are middle-income and even among the poor.
Regarding the amount of money which has reached lakh, the union strongly condemns the office for reaching so much money shows that the office has not taken responsibility and has disconnected at the right time even though they have not paid. Your bill is light for many months.
He said that in the last 10 years under Modiji's leadership, not only the distance from the North East to Delhi and the country as a whole has decreased due to the import of goods, but the difference in feelings has also increased. the woman.
There are 18 candidates from Direction, 13 candidates from Animation, VFX, AR & VR and 10 candidates from Cinematography.
On this occasion, the chief guest also awarded the Outstanding Woman Achievement Award to Ama Mary Kharbuki.
Shillong, Lber 24: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed 50 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 12 cases in East Khasi Hills, 9 cases in West. Garo Hills 1, West Jaintia Hills 2 people.
On the other hand, the officer promised to take action.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today launched the website titled “Meghalaya Chief Minister E-Champion Challenges”. traders to take part in giving advice on how to improve in the organization.
Those who wish to participate should send their names from the 27th of this month to the 7th of next month.
He said that after the meeting with the Prime Minister, all these things have become clear and the civil society will understand how to stop the construction of the railway line.
Therefore, the SNSBH once again congratulates all the members of the Dorbar Shnong and VDPs and wishes you all the best and God will encourage you to continue to work for the good of the state. whole.
The largest producing states are Maharashtra, Telangana, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu.
The Meghalaya High Court has taken great care to bring about cleanliness in Shillong. To do this, all the various groups and the people should work together for the sake of cleanliness. Bring cleanliness in Shillong.
The Seng also urges all those who buy agricultural products from the farmers not to charge too much for the price of these products.
To protest against the alleged behavior of teachers, civil society organizations from Garo Hills will hold a rally in Tura on the 4th of this month, as Debjyoti Das and Yogesh Joshi have been accused of rape of school children and should be punished severely according to the rules of law.
Police have recovered a 9 mm pistol, a 7.65 pistol, seven rounds of ammunition, walkie talkies and demand letters.
Shillong is a city surrounded by mountains.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister said that the ADB has assisted the state in the construction of schools in the state.
The 29 finalists are Probinus Sangriang, Anithea Kharsati, Angelbert Riahtam, Christina Riahtam, Aman Sohtun, Fenella Ryntathiang, Balajied Ryndong, Mem Millen Snaitang, Quensila Khongrish Marjoh, Gau. Valentina Lanong, Aihun Nongbet, Heiwanbha Dkhar, Maxson Rynjah, Charemiki War, Enijes Shadap, Mebarika Sankli, Cylinia Mary Thongni, Sebastian Namsaw, Allayna Alvey Pathaw, Khlainbor Ramsiej, George Eric P Nongbri, Darren J Rawipsang Rkhar, Nang Nambri Darisha Chyne, Ponderson Thongni and Nafisha Lyngdoh.
Regarding the oxygen production plants, in Tura, Jowai and Nongpoh, these plants are already on the way and as soon as they arrive they will start installing them. to start the production of oxygen in these districts.
On his part, he said that this is only a small donation but he has given it with a pure spirit and he has a firm belief that the donation he has given with a pure spirit will be a blessing. to shape and shape the future of these young people.
At the meeting, it was decided that all the owners of restaurants and food outlets should refrain from using plastic bottles, this will help reduce the production of plastic as waste. , all should be provided with clean drinking water and clean classrooms.
At present, the Society has not had any financial problems as the government has provided what they have requested.
JNNURM vehicles carry passengers in their vehicles as the COVID-19 pandemic is no longer present, taxis carry four passengers but the price of vehicles is the same as during the pandemic. COVID-19 disease.
This is the PIB News (SP News).
If we cannot bring back or encourage the students to appreciate and appreciate the job creation and stay in the government jobs, the future will be dark and I am afraid that this will happen. Peaceful work will turn thieves, robbers and destroyers of society, enslavement of our beloved country and nation in future generations.
On the demand for the temporary suspension of the police accused of involvement in the shooting of Bah Cheris, the Prime Minister said that until the report is received, the government will not take any decision. On receipt of the report, the Government will take a decision based on the findings of the investigation team.
Police said a post mortem has been conducted to find out the cause of death.
The International section of 54IFFI will have 198 films which is 18 more than the 53rd IFFI. premiere films in Asia and 89 premiere films in India.
As a longkmie from a rural area who lacks education and income, Ms. Kmoiñ Wahlang also appealed to the people who can help in any area due to the cost of living in this time too. it’s a lot.
The KSU urges the Meghalaya government to provide protection and support to the Khasi farmers so that they can harvest their rice.
He was born on 25th November 1924 in Gwalior.
The service is available in Hindi, English and native languages ​​of the States/UTs. There will also be a Mobile Application.
: Two small private vehicles and a Bolero camper used by the employees of the Joint Stock Industrial Association Vozrov (JSIAV), the company constructing the Nongstoin-Wahkaji road, collided with another vehicle. Fire broke out on Friday morning at the residence of the employees of the company at Ladweitang village, Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of the Coordination Committee, Dr Donkupar Roy, said that this day is a memorable day in which the two parties have agreed to work together and urged others to join hands. parties should also come to this group to work together.
Police have arrested these two persons on suspicion of involvement in the riots in Laitumkhrah on the day of the KSU rally. (SP News).
The group said that all this would not have happened unless these government authorities had taken sting and acted on the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam, according to a statement sent by Bah Roy Kupar. Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The Government of Meghalaya today issued a notice to upgrade the Western Ri-Bhoi Administrative Unit to Civil Sub. -Division and shall be known as Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division within Ri-Bhoi District, and its place of business shall be at Patharkhmah.
It is worth mentioning that the procedure in the second and third parts is that it has been followed in accordance with the rules and regulations laid down in these courts.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 03: Despite the curfew in the country due to the spread of COVID-19, farmers in the agricultural district of Ri-Bhoi Meghalaya are happy to continue They cultivate their agricultural activities in the fields in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India.
Meghalaya CEO Fredricd Roy Kharkongor said the total number of voters has reached 1830,104 lakh, 906,256 lakh males and 923,848 lakh females.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek said that this scheme is for the benefit of the people of the state as a whole. Pynthorumkhrah, the place where the minister appears.
He said that so far there are 2635 licenses out of which 208 have been approved by the Dorbar Shnongs.
Shillong, Naitung 09: The President of the All NEHU Workers Union (ANWU) Pyndapborlang L Nongpiur on Tuesday said that the ANWU has decided to temporarily suspend the strike as the university is still in the middle of the examinations. .
In addition to this, we will also be able to fully utilize the opportunities for economic development of the country.
He said that today the Sur of Mawlai has come to encourage and join hands with the Sur Ehrngiew of Malki because this rally is to support the The Sur of Mawlai Villagers strongly condemns the police's forced order to kill Cheristerfield Thangkhiew on the 13th of November.
The purpose of this award is to encourage the traffic police to take responsibility for their work.
This decision was taken recently at a meeting of the District Level Task Force appointed for this purpose.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Central Body of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) has announced that it will continue its protest by holding an office blockade on the 25th and 26th against the government's decision to release prisoners. Mr. Arful Kharbani, President of HANM, West Khasi Hills District.
The Seng will not allow such exploiters who want to disrupt the peace and order of the community and the community. They were involved in the shooting and assault of Samla Lamphrang Uriah.
Ministry of Youth Affairs of the Union Government for the year 2013-2014 from civil society organizations or from the private sector for those who have worked for the development of the country.
The purpose of the visit was to congratulate him on the passage of one of the bills, the Khasi Hills Autonomous Regulation on Market Act and to discuss other important issues of the Council.
It has been found that through the social media “Facebook” in these days that the exploiters are no longer moving from one park to another by talking and insulting the rights of women.
Those who come to Meghalaya have to register online and can register when they arrive at these entry and exit points and this registration will be based on the census of those who come to Meghalaya. Shillong, Lber 13: U Bah George B Lyngdoh MLA of the Congress party from Umroi, has brought a motion in the Legislative Assembly to take a decision to amend the spelling of the symbols. Khasi and Garo languages ​​as approved by the House on 27th November 2018 to be included in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Shillong, Iaiong 08: BSF troops have seized heroin worth T.70,000 tyngka while they were trying to smuggle it to Bangladesh.
Of these 240 projects, 124 projects have been completed, 57 in Arunachal Pradesh, 35 in Assam, 20 in Manipur, 17 in Meghalaya, 19 in Mizoram, 49 in Nagaland, in Sikkim and 18 in Tripura.
He was arrested and seized seven drugs.
On this occasion, the Khasi Students Union Khliehriat Circle once again demanded from the government to immediately repair the road in the district.
We cannot ignore or ignore issues related to economic development such as better transportation whether by land or by air.
The Government of India has taken many preventive measures and safety measures with the initiation of international travel restrictions, issuance of guidelines for the public, opening of isolation requirements , the detection of people with the virus and many different ways to stay away from each other.
Those who work outside the area can also vote on that day and those who employ them should not lose their salary, according to a statement sent. by the Under Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, General Administration (A) Department.
To mention the demand for Inner Line Permit, the border issue, as well as any other major issues that arise from time to time for the future and heritage.
In his speech, Gabriel Wahlang paid tribute to Latiplang and the Speaker of the House for maintaining the independence of the District Council, as the government has not recognized the EC, but The EC has recognized this as a victory.
Shillong, Dec 18: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi today laid the foundation stone of various projects worth more than Rs 2450 crore in Shillong, Meghalaya.
At present, the Congress party has not announced who will be the candidate, but it has been confirmed that Bah Rapsang will contest from the Congress party in the upcoming MLA election from Shillong West Constituency. The police also said that he was a Congress candidate from the constituency.
: A Third Gender voter has cast her vote in Khliehshnong-A on Thursday.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that one person has tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District. Hills District.
After these, the Department of Ophthalmology, Pharmacology and Community Medicine.
Kharkrang said that the SP of East Khasi Hills District has been serving for 6 years and 6 months. for four years and nine months.
Marak also received an award for his innovations in pepper farming at the International Pepper Conference held in Vietnam this year.
“Furthermore, the Minister also expressed his concern for the testing of up to 14,500 children.
Only six youths of the Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) carried placards in front of the BJP office in Shillong to protest against the implementation of the NDA government led by the BJP. The BJP has rejected the CAA which issued the Rule on Tuesday.
On the same day, u Bah Metbah also inspected the road to Shella constituency in the presence of Shella MLA, Bah Balajied.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The residents of Mawsynram Constituency have started receiving assistance from the hands of their MLA Bah Himalaya M Shangpliang after he launched the MLA scheme for the Mawsynram Constituency. to give to the poorest of the poor.
“EMF radiation is RF and electromagnetic energy emitted from the antennas of mobile towers and mobile phones and these are non-ionizing and low strength.
The Infant Mortality Rate (IMR) is 47 per 1,000 live births, which is higher than the national average of 37 per 1,000 live births.
The Bill was sent to the President of India under Letter No. 140/73/30, dated 19th March
On this occasion, Prof Majaw urged the government to include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
On the other hand, the Rambrai MLA demanded that the government should immediately talk to the Assam government to bring peace in the area so that the people can return to their homes. that house that sem.
Shillong, Nailur 06: U Dinabandhu Roy, 59, of Pynthorumkhrah, Shillong, has passed away today after being tested positive for COVID-1 -19 positive and also has diabetes.
This will also encourage the youth, especially women, to choose careers related to science and technology.
In order to strengthen the demand, the participants of the meeting suggested to the EJNC-Sumer Circle, to hold a Rynsan Ia Phylliew by inviting MLAs, MDCs, Union Waheh Shnongs and Elaka Governors.
He urged the teachers to shape the future of the children so that they have a spirit of responsibility.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Government today decided to increase the number of vehicles including commercial and private vehicles in the state except Shillong.
MeECL has already issued appointment letters to 539 out of 772 candidates who passed the examination for the post Jugali conducted by MeECL in 2012 and has also revived the appointment letters. list will be available on February 2,
He said that the creation and revival of VDPs will be done soon after the government has collected all the suggestions from the Dorbar Shnongs regarding the Act on the creation of VDPs. “We should gather all the suggestions within this month,” said Bah Paul.
Shillong, Nailar 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the state government has received the letter of peace talks sent by the HNLC on 16/1/2 set some rules.
The shopkeepers who opened their shops said that the market has been affected by the collapse of jhur inside the shops and many of the jhur have had to be thrown on the ground because they are no longer suitable for sale.
Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem said the Government should send an inquiry into the violation of the Land Transfer Act, as there are still people who sell land on the border.
There are 1914795 lakh voters in these two MP constituencies, 1-Shillong Parliamentary constituency has 1197806 lakh voters and 2-Tura MP constituency has 716989 lakh voters. after.
In accordance with Section 6(2)(I) of the National Disaster Management Act, 2005, the NDMA has issued an order directing the NEC to implement the National Lockdown across the country to prevent the spread of the disease. COVID-19 until 31st June
Shillong, Nailar 19: The MDCs of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council today submitted a petition to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma expressing their desire to postpone the elections. to the District Council.
According to the inspection, the report says that to repair the factory, the MCCL has to spend up to T.195 kur tyngka. New Delhi, August 4: A group of Union Ministers led by the Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare (MCCL) Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the continuation of 1023 Fast Track Special Courts (FTSCs) including 389 courts dealing with POCSO cases under the scheme funded by the Central Government from 01.04.2021 to 31.03.2023.
He urged the parents to allow their children to participate in social organizations.
These commandos will be sent to fight against insurgency and others will be sent for further training with the Rapid Action Force to disperse the people during the protests.
The Cabinet today also approved the appointment of the Meghalaya Real Estate Regulation Development Rule 2020 to have the authority to oversee it. I am not a judge of the Government of Assam.
The three arrested were identified as Ebren Khongjoh, 45, Tiling Pyngrope,
Direct and indirect taxes have been reduced, but revenue collection has increased.
They also took away a blue Yamaha Bike number ML05-H-2806, money from the house and household items as much as they could.
He explained that the reason for the closure of these schools and colleges is that the school and college principals have not been able to appoint teachers from among the teachers in these schools and colleges. The NCC office provides training but because of the small amount of assistance, many teachers are unemployed.
On the 14th of this month, the same organization in collaboration with the North East Network, Shilong held a program at HK Singh School in the presence of members of the Women's Wing of the church, Jowai and school children.
The victims were from Nongbudum, Mawbyrkong and Nginiong.
New Delhi, November 06: The Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs (MoHUA) is ready to launch the “Women for Water, Water for Women” initiative under the Atal Mission for Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation (AMRUT). in collaboration with the National Urban Livelihood Mission (NULM) of the Ministry.
This year alone, about 5000 government jobs have been eliminated and no new ones will be appointed in the future.
Regarding those villages which fall under the Civil Sub Divisions, the shopkeepers will have to go to Shillong to get a pass to buy goods from Shillong. The Chief Minister said that the purpose of this is to prevent the spread of COVID-19, the government understands the problem but it has to to protect the people from this threat.
And this puts the residents of these villages in great trouble.
Shillong, November 18: The 81st death anniversary of Babu Soso Tham was commemorated across Shillong today by the government and civil society organizations.
The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) has announced that it will hold a meeting to discuss the issue of harassment of truck owners under the banner of the dewbilat factories. on the 16th of this month at Hynniewmer Square at 10:30 pm to discuss the issue of transportation of cement, clinker and other goods.
Self-sufficiency in income brings confidence to women.
"While the resources are critical for better research outcomes and career development, it will increase the workforce at NEIAH, strengthening the revival of traditional health care. under the leadership of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
This music video is produced by Dbryn Records Studio and directed by Samla Apdor Tron. This music video is part of the campaign launched by KSU Jaiaw Circle called “KYNTIEW IA YOU ARE YOUR" Campaign.
By introducing this amendment, the father has also been able to take leave during the pregnancy.
According to the Constitution of the country, each state has been given its own share. It is said that as a Khasi, if he goes to West Bengal, he cannot claim the same rights as the villagers in Similarly, in this state, others cannot get the same rights as the villagers.
Raliang said that during the meeting, the Minister promised to take action and will soon send DMHO officers to inspect the PHC so that the government can take the necessary action.
Up to T.25.00 crore has also been released for various projects to protect the livelihood opportunities of foreign workers in the region.
In the evening, the Khon Raij will bring the Khnong Blai to Poh Sawiar where the Dalloi together with the elders of the Nikhla Kur will perform the Thanksgiving ceremony there and then all the Dong will take the Deiñkhlam from Iawmusiang. to their respective villages to establish them.
This was revealed in a letter written by the Joint Director, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to the District Selection Committee.
Shillong, July 19: The United Democratic Party (UDP) will send two of its MLAs to Delhi to file a complaint on allegations that some politicians are involved with insurgents in the state.
Regarding Mawhati, Bah Charless Marngar MDC personally went with the village authorities to block all the roads leading to and from Assam.
There have been 9 recoveries, four from East Khasi Hills District, 1 from East Garo Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from East Garo Hills. There are 1 cases in West Garo Hills, 1 case in West Jaintia Hills and 1 case in West Khasi Hills.
The Government has seen that the state needs new jobs and for this reason the Government has purchased more than 800 acres of land in Madaniangdiang area which has laid the foundation stone for the construction of government buildings. The Secretariat has been sent to Shillong to clean up the city.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has led the way in humanitarian initiatives by placing prevention as a top priority.
The VPP said that these comments on these Youtube channels have defamed the political party in the state and this complaint has been filed for immediate inclusion in the First Information Report under the provisions of the Act. the Indian Penal Code, 1860 and also under the Information Technology Act, 2000 or any related laws.
The fourth Ordinance is on the Amendment Bill 2023 and the Amendment Bill,
The program was held at Moolibang Community Hall Shangpung in the presence of MSSASA State President Aristotle C Rymbai, MSSASA General Secretary Tiplem Sumer, MSSASA Treasurer. along with hundreds of SSA teachers from Laskein block who came to witness.
In this incident, a SPTS government vehicle number ML01-6575 collided with the police patrolling in Motphran and the crowd. Taxi Charge in Motphran.
The JSU's opposition to the UCC is that it will affect the uniqueness of the Khasi and Jaintia people. sha despised.
Speaking to reporters, he said the EC has directed the judge to investigate the matter and complete it within two months.
Shillong, November 09: The Central Body of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) today held an emergency meeting at the Press Club. of this organization they have arrived.
Shillong, March 19: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday met with the MeECL management after receiving information that some people living in Iew Mawlong have gone to ask for electricity. electricity where the area is still in the middle of a confusion how they can get electricity.
“Our authorities have gone to court and lodged a complaint against this and we will demand that this case should be heard tonight,” she said.
Lalit of All India Police was the first to defeat Pawan Services 4-3 in the 51-54kg category.
The Public Toilet and the footpath were inaugurated at a ceremony in the presence of the Riew Rangbah, Longkmie longkpa and youth of the Shnong.
Rules - (3) In addition to what is written in sub-sections (1) and (2) above, the Dolloi/Sirdar of the Elaka shall in respect of Government projects for the benefit and benefit of the The public may facilitate the allocation or transfer or pledge of such land and may issue a No Objection Certificate or authorization to the Government authorities only with the approval of the Dorbar Elaka and the Executive Committee.
And the airports will be subject to this law.
“After seeing the skills of the designers,weavers and artisans, I can say that this is just the beginning.
In Deran area near Chitoktak village, Tura, a house has been damaged by an earthquake.
Four seriously injured were taken to NEIGHRIMS while 17 others were admitted to Jowai Civil Hospital.
Shillong, July 17: The office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima today held a meeting with the market vendors who used to sell every day in Iewduh to discuss the issue. began to sell in Judah.
She said Indigenous practices can provide examples of the close relationship between people and nature.
The Government should take strong action to restore peace and stability in the state.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The Cabinet meeting today approved the approval of MeECL to borrow T.469.32 crore from the PFC. to pay the light bill to NEPCO.
The closure of all schools on this day is part of the protest against the authority of the Central Government to implement the CAB. They were asked to postpone it to another time.
It was also announced that the Suraksha Group from Kolkatta will come to Meghalaya to assist the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in Meghalaya to test 1000 tests per day. and men shall belong to this group.
The 51 clusters that were approved earlier have been completed and are now operational.
“We have suggested to the DGP that the Police Department should work hard and tirelessly to ensure that the smuggling of drugs from other states and countries should not be easy to enter Shillong. and in other parts of Meghalaya,” said Bah Synrem.
Government vehicles known as four vehicles operating in Shillong, from small to large, have now been abandoned without any care and have turned into nightclubs.
Replying to a question raised by Opposition Leader PN Syiem on the government's implementation of the CPC and CrPC in the tribal areas, he said that as soon as he learned of this, he had already done so. They told reporters that the KHADC is against it and they have also sent a letter to the government.
Technological advancements have brought about new platforms like DTH, IPTV, OTT and others.
The union has met with them on the day of the inauguration of the footbridge at Sahksaw village and the union has submitted a petition to the Minister Bah Paul Lyngdoh and the union has suggested to the government to grant East Jaintia to build a house and care.
The company also provides health and accident insurance for its drivers.
Iangrai said that today some National TV channels have broadcast the news that those from Meghalaya have not been found yet. Three people from Meghalaya have been arrested.
Speaking on the occasion, the members who have just joined the NPP said that they came to join the NPP because they saw the issues of the party in the past. He said that there are many parties which have recently emerged and they see that they are only brokers of Jongno re Jongno in that they love the jaidbynriew but they are the ones who despise the jaidbynriew.
The flag of the club was also hoisted by the Rangbah Shnong.
Shillong, July 24: Meghalaya youths who have applied for the 2021 army recruitment examination and who are waiting to write the examination They protested against the BJP-led central government's decision to abolish and replace the Agneepath.
The Symbut Myntri Rangbah said that the Iewduh and the Khyndailad Market have not been allowed to open by the government. These two markets should remain closed until further notice.
He said that the government will ensure that there will be no fraud from the traders at such times. The minister said that if anyone does so, the government will punish them according to the law.
Shillong, Naitung 08: Bangladeshis have abducted Bah Ricky Marwein, 34, from Umsur village under Ranikor Police Station this morning. Element.
He added that any policy can be reviewed every 10 years, including the Reservation Policy.
Regarding the chief tyngshop, Darihun Marbaniang did not agree to take part as Shatai Rande because she doubted that she was suitable.
The Chief Minister said that if there are places where there is no need to reach the helicopters, the District Administration should inform the government if there is a need to reach the areas. The government has been in talks with the Indian Air Force for the delivery of food items.
In her election campaign, Deborah said that PA Sangma is now contesting the MP election for the sixth time from the NPP while the Congress wants to give more power to the leaders. who are younger.
In the coming days, the union will send its demands to the authorities in charge of the road.
The allegation that the rice seized by the Assam police is from the NSFA and the distribution from the COVID-19 fund is untrue as the Meghalaya government has already seized the July rice from the the NSFA, the allegation is baseless.
The deterioration of this road has not only affected the passengers, but has also put at great risk the motor vehicles and especially the precious lives of people, who have to pass through the road. “The road is called the National Highway, but it is not only a rural road,” said Bah Kyrshan Dkhar, President of EJHTO&TA.
The festival, which started today, is not only a showcase of traditional costumes, but in the coming days it will continue to showcase traditional food and drinks from different villages and regions. , this is to preserve the thymmei.
However, people must be willing to accept positive changes that meet modern needs.
The Meghalaya Body Building and Fitness Federation (MSF) has sent a congratulatory message to the winners of the World Fitness Federation Mr. and Ms. India 2023 which was held in Jaipur, Rajasthan from 15th to 15th of this month. 17th November, 2023.
He said that the working methods of the Government have brought about this change.
Shillong, June 27: A Memorandum of Settlement was signed between the Government of India, the Government of Assam and members of the Dimasa National Liberation Army in the presence of Union Minister of State for Defense and Cooperation, Amit Shah. and Dimasa People's Supreme Council (DNLA/DPSC) in New Delhi today.
Bah Paul said that this illegal trade is widespread in Majai, which is a clean place.
The lack of ration has been going on for many months.
He also expressed his gratitude to the leaders of the state for bringing forward many laws which will be the strength of the state and the country. 100,000 as a sign of support for the Khasi National Durbar.
All those who work in this field are invited to attend this meeting.
The collective efforts of Coach Beneslaus Khyriem and Manager Andy Lyngdoh Nongpiur played a vital role in shaping Meghalaya’s triumphant journey, showcasing the significance of teamwork both on and off the field.
Regarding the staff who are still vacant, the government will look into these vacancies. The purpose of this visit is to see what is happening at the school on the statements of the staff. many of the public, teachers and old school students.
Regarding the traffic jam, the Governor of Meghalaya has expressed his regret, but it is too early to say anything at present, but as he has been involved with the Kolkata Metro for 18 years, he has a information regarding traffic jams in urban areas.
This inquiry was issued today 14th November 2017 regarding the illegal appointment of office workers inside the college. The Principal has rejected the copy of RTI submitted by Lyngdoh and said that we don't have a Public Information Officer (PIO) here at the college. Bah Lyngdoh expressed his regret and strongly condemned the blind refusal of Bah OU Lyngdoh who is also the Principal of the college.
This tragic incident has caused a stir in the entire area.
This celestial body is smaller than the sun and measures only about 1/158 in diameter.
The meeting was attended by UDP MLAs and MDCs of the party. The meeting lasted for several hours to discuss the decision. It is understood that even if the UDP withdraws its support, it will not be able to cooperate with the Congress in KHADC. .
Shillong, July 28: The Cabinet meeting today decided to send a recommendation to the Central Government on the amendment of Article 6 of the Constitution of India. which is related to the District Councils.
Jowai, March 28: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU-JHD) has congratulated the Niaw Wasa Sport Club for preparing for the Hero Futsal Championship. 5 November 2021.
Shillong, July 22: Wild elephants have arrived at Rajai-A village in South West Khasi Hills District this morning. region.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) will conduct a thorough investigation to find out why the money was taken up to 2 lakh tyngka. The investigation is where the money came from which is more than 10 lakh tyngka.
The BJP has nominated seven women, five from Khasi Hills and one from Garo Hills. This is the first time that the BJP has nominated candidates from all 60 constituencies in Meghalaya. 1-Rimiki Sari, 2-Jowai Allan K Suchiang, 3-Raliang Lakhon Biam, 4-Mawkaiaw Currentis Rabon, 5-Sutnga Saipung by Krison Langstang, 6-Khliehrait by Bhayes Chyrmang, 7-Amnerem, Firstborn Man 8- Mawhati Dr. Evarist Myrsing, 9- Marian Maring, 10- Jirang, 11- Umsning, 12- Shanbor Ramde.
Regarding the collapse of the Reserved Police Shillong well, those who live in the quarters near the road to Wahingdoh said that it is necessary to repair the well as it is a danger. houses because the collapse has occurred from the roof of the house.
Thousands of refugees and prominent politicians have settled in the refugee camps in Dalu.
Therefore, regarding these issues which have been stirred up and produced by people who want to take advantage of the knowledge and knowledge of our people, the JSU would like to clarify this message that the JSU It shall not sit idly by or hold hands for the country and the nation, but shall stand firm on its own foundation for the sake of the country and the uniqueness of the nation.
Bah Rbort said that in order to serve the people of the state, he has decided to join Congress to fulfill his desire to bring about change.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, said that the incident occurred on Monday night at about 10:00 pm. and the police went to stop the incident.
I see fire trucks and rescue teams trying to put out the fire," he said.
Manish Area Manager, Shillong.
This will be for all States and Union Territories and the scheme will continue in the 12th Five Year Plan.
Lyngwa said that from this appearance of Bahlieh to open the door when they called the name of the sin, it shows clearly that he understands that they are the ones who came if he does not understand, he will not open the door. The HNLC's claim that it has been looking for a long time is unfounded.
On this day, it was seen that the supporters were waiting outside the office of the SDO Civil of Sohra even in the midst of the rain which has been falling all day since the counting of votes.
One of the women said that the sudden power outage has caused damage which has exceeded tens of thousands of rupees as all the electronics have been lost.
According to police sources, these four persons broke into the residence of the Chief Minister with a malicious intent.
The union demands this to remind that in India the discrimination against women is too much and the government does not have a law to curb the rape of women. the ones that exist are weak in that the perpetrators easily escape the dungeons in which they are held.
To support its longer-term goals, India has built state-of-the-art digital infrastructure.
We have not been able to surrender for the country but we have been able to live for the country now.
The smugglers had thrown them into the holes inside the vehicle, but after receiving the information, the police searched and smuggled the holes into the vehicle.
Regarding the Meghalaya Residents Security and Safety Ordinance, 2019, I strongly congratulate the Government led by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma. period.
According to a government source, government officials are still inspecting the area to get an estimate of how many houses have been destroyed by the earthquake.
This was announced in a statement issued by the Adhoc Office bearers of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Shaniahskhem, President and Kyrshan Dkhar, General Secretary.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: U S.Garg, Joint Secretary, Ministry of Home Affairs, Union Government, today visited the North Eastern Region of India. regarding the intention of the Central Government to amend the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
On the 31st March, there will be a public meeting from 12 noon to 2 pm and there will also be programs related to dairy.
They said that the Meghalaya government has not taken action to resolve the Mawshun trade despite the Meghalaya High Court's decision not to allow them to operate according to the rules. In the past, the lack of availability of Mawshun from the state has affected the factories in Bangladesh which rely on Mawshun from the state.
Speaking to media after the meeting with Mukul Sangma, the CEM said that the meeting was for party affairs. ei ei in relation to the leadership.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Kharlyngdoh said, “In the time of Tirot Sing Syiem, they were attacked by the French while now we are attacked by foreigners who came to work in our beloved country.
This is the genocide of the inhabitants of Gaza.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The residents of Kdonghulu, Ri Bhoi District have been in darkness for nearly 10 months due to the shortage of electricity.
The Aspirational District program has changed the lives of about 25 crore people in 112 districts, he said.
In addition to this, State Governments can also use the grounds of ITIs for this purpose.
On his part, Bah Talbinus also lodged a complaint at the police station.
Although the ethnic origin of the Khasi is far away and completely different from others, but with the understanding and determination of the intellectuals and members of the Constituent Assembly they have established a free India on the basis of rights. , liberty and equality.
Your participation will bring this festival to a successful day.
Shillong, Iaiong 05: At 12.05 pm today, unidentified persons detonated a petrol bomb in the ground floor of the house of Gobind Upadhya in Mawbah. The number ML-05G-5406 is missing.
“It is not new that MLAs and at the same time MDCs are CEMs. This is not new. It has been since the past,” he said. “It is good for MLAs and MDCs. who works and does for the good of the people or is it better for an MDC who does nothing.
The GNLA's remarks came a day after the political secretary of the GNLA, Bikdot Marak, said that the GNLA has done what it has done.
“The candidates who have done well in the examination are still waiting to receive the appointment letter from MeECL and the deadline for appointment will end on 2nd July,” said Bah Thomas.
Two ministers from Myanmar will attend the meeting as Myanmar is one of the members of ASEAN and the Trans. The Asian Highway passes through the country.
Shillong, July 03: The State Institute of Rural Development (MIG) and the Change Panchgani (IOFC) have conducted a special training for Gram Sevaks in the state.
If they don't understand that 2023 has come, the people need to think carefully to elect political parties or leaders like MPs, MLAs and MDCs who have a clear foundation and don't have to speak out about their unique relationship. history & status) of the Khasi States and India.
He said that the department will display the marksheets to all the applicants for the post of police officer so that they can know whether they are eligible or not.
Ed Training, to announce the date of submission of forms for trainees who fail in other subjects and to respond in writing to the union on these demands.
Your mobile internet is not available.
Taxis shall carry only three passengers, 1 in front and 2 passengers in the back, while Auto Rickshaws shall carry only 2 passengers in the back, while Buses shall carry only 50% of the seating capacity ie 2 and 16 passengers. passengers and should be attached to the vehicles whether they have been tine or not.
He said the Government’s measures are “Looking at early detection, ensuring access to treatment, and improving the quality of care for those with this disease.
Post Devolution Revenue Deficit Grants have been granted to the States under Article 275 of the Constitution.
MEMRIWU strongly opposes the statement of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to give more time to the GVK to resolve this issue within two months. The High Level Committee has been set up by the government for six months and the protest has been going on for six months whether the government has not been able to resolve this issue.
He said that the government has already sent the documents to the Ministry of Home Affairs but this work has been pending for a year and a half. resubmit documents to the Ministry of Interior to obtain permission to run water pipes from military premises.
Minister Duh stressed the need for robust resources in the provision of treatment for serious illnesses.
The KHNAM has demanded that the State Government should appoint an inquiry into the violence committed by the Border Security Force (BSF) under the Commissions of Inquiry Central Act and also to abolish the Commissions of Inquiry. BSF troops from public places and to ensure that they are only on the Zero Line of the border.
These 198 people are not allowed to walk or stand.
Police said that three persons were seriously injured and four others were injured in the bomb attack by people who were waiting on the road in Passang village. fled.
“After meeting with the IIT, it has suggested to clean up the dewbilat for some technical reasons.
Regarding the existence of the Village Development Council, there is a need to change where the Rangbah Shnong should be the Chairman of the Committee and only Khasi residents can participate. The Khasi Rangbah Shnong The Head of the Hima shall look after the lands under his jurisdiction.
They were taught how to improve their income, how to grow up and become self-sufficient, children's nutrition, education and how to pursue education that can provide women are also taught how to work as a team and how to relate to children.
“The cold weather has been as severe as a cricket ball and for this reason even the houses covered with tins have collapsed due to the cold weather that came with the storm,” he said. you are the owner.
To find out the facts whether the owners of the shops claim to be theirs or have sold them to foreigners, the JHADC invites the Rangbah Shnongs, civil society organizations and Dorbar Shnongs to investigate. work together to encourage foreign traders to obtain trading licenses.
TURA, Naiwieng 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today inaugurated a large meeting of the Nokmas under the Integrated Basin Development and Livelihood Program (IBDLP) scheme.
Therefore, they take this as the first step and we will continue to improve the cleanliness of this river. that is, the river which is in the midst of pollution to become like other rivers like Umshyrpi or Umkhrah.
Speaking to reporters, FKJGP President W. Rani, HNYF President S Blah and RBYF President B Thangkhiew said that the They stood against the railway line to Byrni and to Sohra.
The distribution of these items was held at the school in the presence of SS Sil, Deputy Chief Executive Officer, KVIC North East Zone, Father Rev. Arcadius Puwein, Principal, Don Bosco Technical School. the presence of others.
They said that the Chief Minister has urged through them to the civil society to come forward and work together to discuss the bill which will be issued soon.
Under this scheme, the Government of India bears all the costs of treatment up to T.5 lakh for 60 crore people.
According to the Office Memorandum (OM) for 2022, the Government has increased the age of employment from 27 years to 32 years and from 32 years to 37 years for Schedule Tribes. applicants for employment in posts within various departments of the State Government.
He said that after the MP elections, the party will go back to Delhi to discuss to ensure that the Khasi and Garo languages ​​should be included in the Fifth Schedule of India. There is no longer anything to do, but to be burned.
It is through enthusiasm, determination and hard work that we can bring about meaningful change.
Shillong, July 01: Police of East Jaintia Hills District today on receiving a tip that a vehicle carrying drugs from Assam conducted a raid at Lumshnong.
The decision of the party today is that the party will be a pioneer for those who want to start their own businesses.
The MTDC has not been able to improve the games of the children who have been destroyed in the area. This lack of cleanliness has affected the work of the MTDC which is in charge of the tourism industry run by the government working group.
In connection with this incident, police during the investigation, found a Maruti Swift which they had taken from a siej forest in Rongmil area and this vehicle was completely burnt down.
Pride will not lead to destruction but to the path of destruction.
Regarding this, CEM Titosstarwell Chyne said that the reason for the idea to improve those houses in the area is to hold the Monolith Festival again, but due to talks with the Hima. Mawphlang has not yet resolved the issue and the office will call for talks with the Hima.
Besides, the federation will also hold the Championship League Cum Knock Out in November, where only the runners-up teams from the Fourth Div. etc.
On the other hand, Bah Edmund Khongngai appealed to the ADC office in charge of Pynursla Civil Sub Division to take immediate action on this issue.
We urge the Government to expedite this work as we understand the value of their work,” said the Union.
Instructions Some instructions for all participants, Participants must wear a Chest Number.
Referring to the activities that the government has tried, the acceptance in the House to implement the ILP which is still pending with the Central Government, the border settlement talks sent to the Central Government and others. It doesn't even improve what this government has done.
In the 57th minute, Aizwal FC scored another goal through Joe Zoherliana from a corner kick. Shillong Lajong FC are in fourth place with 16 points. times games.
Thousands of children are affected by the Indian Registration Act 1908, Citizenship Act 1955, para 20 of the Sixth Schedule, the First Schedule
The question raised by KHNAM is how the Indian government can decide who is the owner and who is illegal.
According to the family members of the victim, the four robbers were identified as Everest Hynniewta, Richard Umdor, Mostly Shylla and Pynjanai Synshong. They shot and beat Damas Nongkhlaw but also looted the money from the body of the Riew Rangbah.
Sutanuka Deb was awarded the award for her hard work as District Coordinator in the implementation of the scheme to provide toilets to 52 selected schools in the Eastern Region. Jaintia Hills District and West Jaintia Hills District to receive assistance through this scheme.
He also urged the leaders and members of the Village Organizations to be transparent and united so that any objectives of the Village Organizations (VOs) can be successful.
The seized sugar was seized by the Police for further investigation.
Shillong, July 12: Police of East Jaintia Hills District today on receiving a tip conducted a raid at Ratacherra near Umkiang and arrested four drug traffickers.
Those who came to take part were college students from Shillong, SDRF, and staff of Jiva Resort.
He said that if the government provides a studio, it will be good for the filmmakers because the cost is high.
The competition was held today for various posts in the Army such as Soldier General Duty, Soldier Technical, Soldier Clerk and Soldier Nursing Assistant.
Shillong, November 26: U Dr. Bajubon Kharlukhi, former MP from the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Seat, passed away at a hospital in Guwahati on November 25,
Therefore, as young people, we must stand firm and fight against these incidents.
At Sohra Civil Sub-Division, the Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, hoisted the flag and took the salute of the 40 marching groups including the East Khasi Hills DEF, the East Khasi Hills DEF, the East Khasi Hills DEF, the East Khasi Hills DEF, the NCC and schools.
This year, the President has approved the awarding of 128 Padma Awards including two awards for two persons. .
This is to prevent the spread of the disease.
On the other hand, the Spiritual Director announced that the 5th Tournament will be held in Parish Laitkor in 2026 and handed over the flag of the zone to the President of the Laitkor Youth Association.
Referring to the candidates who are contesting the election, the Chief Minister, who is the National President of the NPP, said that he will not say anything on this issue because it is not his job to talk to those candidates. you are the president of the state.
Shillong, Nailar 09: The Federation of Khasi States (FKS) expects the BJP-NDA Government to move forward in the implementation of its promises and agreements. The BJP Government has worked quickly to resolve the issues of Jammu & Kashmir and signed between the Government of India and the Federation of Khasi States. Shri PB Archrya, I/C, BJP (retired Governor of Nagaland) and Bah HA Roy Kharpuli, President BJP in promise that they will honor these promises.
Jammu & Kashmir followed with more than 16 lakh participants so far.
Sanbor said that the new school which he inaugurated today received assistance through the ADB scheme. to the government authorities in those years and received the allocation of funds and today it has been opened.
Children who participate will not be allowed to write anything on the drawing paper on the day of participation, only drawings will be accepted.
Shillong, Lber 04: There are 11 new cases of COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 1 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in North Garo Hills and 1 in Ri Bhoi. , West Garo Hills 2, West Jaintia Hills 2 persons.
On the other hand, Bah Metbah said that the compensation will be given to the owner of the land who has donated, by giving the grade IV job to one of his relatives, said the Mairang MLA.
Police Commemoration Day was held on 21st March 1959 to commemorate the 10 CRPF personnel who lost their lives to defend the country at Hot Spring Post in Ladakh on the Indian border. -China border.
Police have seized the vehicle (TR04-A-0254) from Umtyra.
The Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL), State Project Director, SEMAM, Samagra Shiksha, Swapnil Tembe and Chairman of NIOS, Prof. Saroj Sharma were also present at the meeting.
However, there has been no action taken by the residents of the village.
The meeting was also attended by the Finance Minister of India, Nirmala Sitharaman and during the meeting, the Chief Minister and the Chief Minister's Secretary expected to receive the cooperation of the Central Government and This MDA-2 government for the development of Meghalaya.
Regarding this allegation, the Union Government today in a statement through the Information Department of the Union Government has clarified that there is no such intention to speak Hindi by them. head government.
The Chief Minister said that the certificate on the export of agricultural products will be issued by the Bio Resources Development Committee.
Shillong, July 07: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has sent a letter to the People's Candidate Forum (PCF) to reconsider its decision to nominate its candidate Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit for the upcoming MP elections.
On the second day, there will be technical training sessions where various experts will give lectures.
If the party finds any offices open on that day, it will close by force as it does on the holidays of the jaidbynriew.
This is according to a statement issued by Bah M.Nongsiej Secretary Dorbar Shnong Mawpait Tlongpleng.
Other areas with larger areas include Selsela in Garo Hills, Umsning in Ri Bhoi, Mawshynrut in West Khasi Hills, Laskein in Jaintia Hills and others.
The villages that have been able to take precautionary measures against the African Swain Flue are from Nongkaesn, Dalu, West Garo Hills, Mawtneng Nongthymmai Kyrdem. , Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, July 20: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, does not interfere with the performance of government ministers. you are the minister.
Khongwir, who is in charge of the Manbha Foundation, urged the government not to imprison drug users with criminals but to send them to hospitals. Drug users when they leave prison in a good place they turn into worse announcements.
As the Seng, we are deeply saddened by these incidents in which there have been incidents which have affected the Jaitbynriew and in which there has been a division of the Jaitbynriew Khasi just because the appointment process has not been clean and transparent.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, RM Kurbah has inaugurated the Monsoon Salon at Keating Road Police Bazar.
Is it still possible to turn back the tipkur tipkha of the past to gain the glory of the present, to be worthy of the future? One generation goes, one generation comes.
This money comes from the government.
It is a testament to India's path and its commitment to provide equal governance for all,” said Conrad Sangma.
Finally, a speech was delivered by Samla Rapborlang Nongrum who encouraged these families not to lose hope when they face such incidents.
“We will first listen to the reasons why the NPP has brought the no confidence motion,” he said, adding that the party has also decided to leave it to the MDCs to decide. on this matter.
Ri Bhoi won seven gold medals while East Khasi Hills, West Garo Hills and South-West Khasi Hills won one gold medal each.
: Two drug traffickers were arrested by BSF troops of 193 Battalion on Saturday.
Hynniewta said that the government market will be completed within two years and they request the government to improve the market. and to do more quickly in the construction of this market so that the people can resume their activities.
After this, there was no General Convention or General Council in the party.
“Bah Ryngkhlem added that it cannot be said that our nation is now in great danger, and that this present heritage may be the last heritage. to find ways and means to protect our small nation otherwise there will be no one else to do it.
He said that the statement by Tura MP Agatha Sangma of the NPP that she supports the CAB and congratulates Amit Shah is a lie and thanks to the people of the state who are strongly opposed to the CAB. The NPP and the FKJGP will not consider them as NPP if they cannot stand together but will hold a protest. to oppose all the ethnic parties and this is the best time for the ethnic parties to surprise the people,” said Bah Eldie.
The session will last for 10 days, nine days for government business and three days for opposition.
: The Meghalaya Cricket Association has revealed its 28-member shortlist for the BCCI 2024-25 domestic season.
“While I am still alive in the world, I don't want to hear that the HYC will disappear. Let this party continue to grow and stand firm and continue to work for the country and the nation,” he said. Speaking at the meeting, Robert June Kharjahrin, General Secretary of the party, said that the party has decided to introduce the slogan “No retreat, no surrender, no rest”. Robert said that they should demand from the government on the issues they have raised, which is not only to fight against the illegal entry of foreigners, but also to fight against the illegal entry of foreigners.
Now they are still staying in Bethlehem, worried that the fighting will intensify in the area.
John F Kharshiing, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, in his letter, cited as examples about 44 Acts/Rules of Central Laws, State Laws, and the Constitution (Scheduled Tribes) Order. , 1950, 1976, 1987, the  Indian Citizenship Act 1955,  The Indian Registration Act 1908 ,The Meghalaya Transfer of Land (Regulations) Act 1971 and Rules 1974.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The election for the election of the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) is awaiting the order of the Governor of Meghalaya on the date of election. JHADC.The Secretary to the Legislative Assembly of JHADC, said that until today, no information has been received from the Governor. the state of the day will be long.
Also present on the occasion were Bah BK Syiem, Deputy Director, District Horticulture, Bah B Rani, Assistant Director, ADO, Ranikor Block.
The HYC said it has received information that the government has appointed Brig Strugeon as the Director of the Military Welfare Board in Meghalaya.
The DC said that Meghalaya has also been specially invited by the Central Government, Assam Government and Jharkhand Government to share general information and provide a report on sanitation.
According to sources, the names sent today from Shillong are Bah AL Hek, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh and Bah AL Hek, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh and Bah Mr. Roshan Warjri.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Titosstar Well Chyne, the elders of the area, the village headmen, the leaders of the civil society of the area and many others. the meeting was held today.
In Orisha, the BJP and the Congress have not been able to support the BJD.
“All the people of the country have a part to play in this,” Modi said, adding that even the biggest goals can be achieved through SabkaPrayas, or public participation.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Executive Committee of Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today started a border inspection between Meghalaya and Assam starting from Sabuda in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Ri Bhoi District.
Lber 10: U Bah George B Lyngdoh MLA of Umroi Constituency, today, before introducing the Bill 2022, asked for permission. to the Lamphang to explain on this Bill.
Speaking as the chief guest, the BDO said that according to the rules and regulations laid down in relation to the scheme allocated by the central government, the need for this hall will be exactly the same. for referrals to government programs and other community needs.
Following the incident on the evening of 8th June, the earthquake struck at 12:00 pm in the residents of Sohpdok in Mawhati Constituency and after destroying hundreds of houses. Three members of a family were injured when the truck fled to Nonglum, Umroi Constituency, which happened shortly after the incident in Sohpdok. and which caused the destruction of twenty-two households, which were severely destroyed by the storm.
There are writings that the delicious food you get in the shops is from their hands.
The HYC said that if the government cannot introduce laws to curb the entry of foreigners and implement them for the protection of the citizens, the HYC will stand against the construction of the railway line in Ri Khasi Jaintia.
As of 31st October, the number of beneficiaries under this scheme has reached 1408 crore.
An unidentified robber has robbed a house in Mawlai Phudmuri village at 3:20 pm on Friday morning, without any reason, even though CCTV cameras have been installed on the ground floor. The CCTV footage showed that the thief had tried to break into other vehicles but could not but later entered the house. in a commercial vehicle and damaged the battery.
In the recent call for applications by the MPSC, the JSU said that the number of applicants from Jaintia Hills has reached 2000 (two thousand) and now all of them will go to Shillong or Tura to write the examination. If you count the fare alone, they have to spend up to 200/- each and if you count the total fare, it has reached 4 lakh.
Police said that three unidentified robbers have attacked three foreign mystery workers working in a house in Mawlai Mawroh.
Thus, both languages ​​are 'tiensiat' tienpharshi which carry the idea of ​​being expelled from society.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah A.Nongkynrih, Program Associate/ERP EFC Shella Bhoalganj C&RD Block, Sohra, praised the training center which has been in existence for 5 years.
Secondly, the need to extract only RNAs from the samples has been eliminated and only needs to examine the sample followed by RT-PCR using ICMR recommended kits.With the elimination of The role of RNA isolation brings great benefits over the traditional method because RNA isolation is a huge investment in terms of time, cost and training of people.
Three of the injured are in ICU, three in Orthopedics ward, three in Casualty, one in Neurosurgery, one in General Surgery ward and the others have been discharged after treatment.
The family members of the deceased rushed him to Woodland Hospital for treatment but when they arrived at the scene they said he had died. you don't have to.
The office was damaged in the fire and the worst damage was to the doors, curtains and carpets.
“In fact, we should have called this protest this month but because of the Republic Day, we have to call it on the 27th and 28th of this month.
Speaking on his experiences as an Election Observer in Karnataka, Orissa and Madhya Pradesh, the Director General said that there are political parties which have tried from time to time to change the minds of the people. but the working methods of the Election Commission of India are strong and able to curb these irregularities.
Three days have passed since the protests started on the 29th of this month, but the government has not yet provided any information in this regard. their protest against the sword.
On the other hand, Bah Passah, while talking about Lemongrass, said that even he grows Lemongrass at home and explained a little about the benefits of Lemongrass by eating it by cooking jhur and especially by drinking water. Phone cleanses the body as well as many kinds of diseases.
However, we want to say one thing because the VPP was created not only for politics but for policy.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The UHM is angry with the state government and the district council for ignoring the incidents since 1993 until the deadline to completely destroy the uranium stockpile.
Shillong, Nailur 25: Meghalaya Police have arrested two women, Lalrintluangi, 40, and Elizabeth Numami, 41, in connection with a complaint filed at Champhai Police Station in Mizoram.
Shillong, July 12: A group of robbers suspected to be Bangladeshis have broken into the house of Sujit Wahlang in Mawpat village under Shella district and looted T.70,000/- tyngka. They also seized a gold locket worth T.1.20 lakh.
In the first leg, Laitryngwai beat Mawroh-roh 1-0
Sangma, who is from Chokpot South Garo Hills, was taken to Baghmara Police Station on the day of his arrest. also.
The meeting also decided to withdraw the Meghalaya and Assam Police from the border areas and to replace them with the CRPF Police so that there will be no incident.
Skhirmai Nongrum said that on the morning of the second day, they lodged a complaint with the Khapmara Out Post Police Station.
Conrad K Sangma and Himanta Biswa have signed a social agreement to resolve the border issue between Meghalaya and Assam for the second time in more than 14 months. places that are not between each other.
On this occasion, the State President of the party, Rikman G. Momin, welcomed the office bearers of the ST Morcha, the District Presidents and District Committees to the party.
Shillong, June 28:Indian National Congress -29Nationalist Congress Party -2Hill State People's Democratic Party -4National People's Party- 2United Democratic Party -8Independent -15(SP News).
If you count per tonne from Lumshnong to Byrnihat, it is only T.800 tyngka.
He wanted to be arrested by the Meghalaya Police in many cases.
Please visit the HYC office at Mawlai Nongkwar near the Basic School or call the following numbers.
Umsning, November 19: The Meghalaya State Level Youth Exchange Program was held on the 17th of November, 2013 in the afternoon. .
According to the Manager of the restaurant, Shiv Kumar Singh, the two groups started fighting inside the restaurant and after they left the restaurant, they started fighting. Fortunately, the police were able to stop the incident.
If we look at the expenditure of the population in the 2001 census, it increased by 27%, the highest in India and higher than the national average.
The General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Bah KS Suchiang, in an interview with Batesi TV, said that the incident occurred at 9 pm on Friday. on 21st June, 2024 while they were leaving Thangskai for Shymplong.
It is learned that the villagers of Amlympiang village who saw Bah walking upstairs with injuries and police took him to Dawki PHC for treatment. The family members of the victim were taken to Shillong for treatment.
In the complaint, the girl said that on the 29th of last month, she boarded a taxi number ML-05H-0926 to Police Bazar but the driver of the vehicle drove away. take her to Laikor Peak and rape her.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today met with the leaders of FKJGP, KSU and MEMRIWU on the strike by the workers. The GVK Company, which operates 108 Ambulances in the state, said that the GVK will be called on the 3rd of this month.
In this tournament, she won the cycling race from Jowai to Amlarem and did not stop here but also climbed to the highest ranks even in Mawkyrwat led by of the Meghalaya Cycling Association.
Shillong, November 04: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Executive Council (KSU) has announced that as part of the celebration of the 23rd death anniversary of Bah Bull N. Lyngdoh, The former President of the KSU, will hold various programs on the 7/12/2017 which is the death anniversary of this hero of the Jaidbynriew.
Only two of these candidates for the MP election have appeared while four have abstained and the UDP has sent Dr Jemino Mawthoh.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: Meghalaya Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma today met with Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh. in relation to the Citizenship Amendment Bill,
The PMMSY has become a platform to take India's fisheries industry to new levels.
He said that during the meeting, the Government has also decided to encourage and provide benefits to the officers to continue their training at various universities, which offer higher degrees and diplomas. and these shall be taken by their Officers without interruption, which means that they shall not take any leave during their training.
The goal of these schools is to provide quality education, improvement of knowledge and also to produce qualified students with modern knowledge and skills.
Regarding the District Task Force, the KSU expresses its regret over the lack of attention and delay of the authorities in implementing the District Task Force despite the fact that it has been announced since 2016 according to clause
The coming of this Lok Sabha is also a sign of peace,” Modi said.
"The clashes began after Palestinian militants Hamas on Saturday morning opened fire on Israel and Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip for the first time. eh since January this year.
,Col.
Shillong, Lber 20: The Khasi Student Union (KSU) will celebrate its 35th Anniversary in 1978 by holding a rally in front of the memorial of the KSU near All India Radio,Shillong.
The Seng believes that it is through the voice of the people that all these demands and needs as a nation will be achieved.
During these two days, Khasi Khara from all over the country will come together to take part in this festival to showcase the traditional dances.
He said that this morning the message is that we are concerned from the bottom of our hearts that the state of the state is in a state of concern and full of problems.
However, the Executive Engineer's vague and unclear statement has prompted the residents to express their opposition to the lack of explanation and the lack of forthcoming from the office to resolve the issue.
Speaking to reporters at the Main Secretariat Shillong, Priyank said the NCPCR will convene a meeting of all three District Councils in the state to discuss the issue. There are three District Councils in the state.
When Bah DD Lapang came as Prime Minister for the first time, he refused to live in the house but turned it into an office, but he lost the 1993 election.
Greeting the Association through the internet, Sangma said, “I have been made aware that this partnership aims to open up opportunities for the youth of Meghalaya and the North East abroad to get training experiences exceeding two years.
In a tweet, the Prime Minister urged the Village Authorities to enforce social distancing.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 96457 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in Meghalaya since the beginning of the outbreak, bringing the total number of recoveries to , the death toll from the disease has risen to
The price of thri has been increased from T.300 to T.5000 and the price of dieng khlein kseh has been increased from T.300 to T.
The Seng raised this demand during the second peace talks held with the ksiang appointed by the Central and State Governments.
In his resignation letter, Bah Pynshngianlang wrote that he has sent this letter to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly where he has resigned from today 15th December
F&ES, SDRF and Home Guard teams are still at Warsan Lyngdoh to continue the search for the remaining bodies.
Shillong, Nailur 16: Answering a question by Mayralborn Syiem on the railway line to Shillong, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government wants to run the railway line. The railway line, but the people's approval.
Shillong, Nailar 19: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today said that the Chief Minister of Assam, Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Bisawa Sarma, will meet on Tuesday. settled in the second half.
In the Under 16 category, Betting Sangma and Kasanchi Marak of Garo Union School won the Best Athete.
It is to be recalled that the KSU Riwar has lodged a complaint with the SDO of Amlarem against Dr. Shabiboklang Buam on the border with Bangladesh.
The Chief Minister said that the residents and civil society organizations have worked closely with the government in the fight against COVID-19, but there have been some 'lang iong' and the law shall not forgive them: the law shall do what it hath to do.
Regarding the need for assistants, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has hired Home Guard personnel as they are specially trained to fight in natural disasters. village from village.
After careful consideration, they decided to reject the bill.
He said that many bills of the KHADC are still pending in the secretariat.
On this occasion, the Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Mawrah, Bah Dibarstar Khongrymmai said that it is through the MGNREGA scheme in the past five and seven years that these bridges and fences have been constructed. Rangkylliaw which offers a view of the entire Khatarshnong area among other places.
This will affect the income of the indigenous workers.
On the other hand, the Governor said that while this session is underway, it will see many new policies in the near future for the development of the state in all aspects.
“The group involved in this robbery is similar to the robbery that happened in recent years in which the HNLC has taken responsibility.
It will be a memorable event in North East India and especially for the development of the youth.
So far, 76 candidates have registered for the MDC election from various parties in the JHADC and it is expected that by the end of the registration, more than 100 candidates will register. .
Speaking on the issue of human rights, the Speaker said that although this Act has been passed for many years, there is still a persecution of many people. people have their right to be human beings in many ways.
BSF and Police on receiving a tip conducted a search operation and found the sugar in a house on the border with Bangladesh. on the border.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the opposition has no reason for the government and now they are starting to criticize the family which is unpleasant. .
Most of the taxi buyers are in debt from banks, companies and have to pay monthly. When there are these strikes, it has affected their income and they find it difficult even to release the debt. yours.
However, the Seng found that this did not help because English and Hindi were not included.
The KSU has given one day to MeECL to do something and they will hold a protest.
However, there is no right to speak insultingly or use rude words against anyone especially as a tipbriew tipblei nation. Shillong, July 20: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) Shillong, July 20: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that those who have tested positive for COVID-1 19 positive cases have risen to 390, while the total number of confirmed cases in the state has risen to
Shillong, Jymmang 02:The most beautiful, different, surprising and unique tourist spot in Meghalaya and even in India is the Mawryngkhang. He was known as the Syiem of Mawbah Mawsan, which is only about 10 hours away from Wahkhen by foot.
The government's goal is to eradicate corruption.
Then I came and saw that there was a celebration near the pond (at NEHU) and there was a Holi banner.
After signing the file, Prime Minister Duh Modi said, “Our Government stands firm for Kisan Kalyan.
He said that the celebration of the 75th anniversary of independence has five pillars – the struggle for independence, new ideas for the development of the country, the recognition of achievements in the coming years and steps to achieve the aspirations of the people of India as we reach the milestone of 75 years of independence.
In the past three months, states have added more than 12 lakh new people, a record number, and a growing number in the registry.
The Bharat Jyoti Award was presented to Khyllep by Dr. Bhisma Narain Singh, former Union Minister and Governor of Tamil Nadu and Assam in the presence of government officials. formerly of India.
Shillong, Nailur 5: The first edition of the 'Play to Learn' Summit was successfully held in Shillong today, showcasing the importance of play in building a whole life. of children.
It is to be recalled that in his last meeting with the Prime Minister last month, he promised to complete this task as soon as possible and also to complete the proposal to introduce the Amendment through two Cabinet Meetings. .
Promising to work with the Executive Committee, Bah Titos said, “We will build it but we must build it in the right way”.
““ In this Executive Committee we have discussed in detail and all the members of the Executive Committee have received clarification on these five issues.
By changing lifestyles and bringing awareness, it can contribute to welfare.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of former Chief Minister JD Rymbai. He is a man who has worked for the development of the state. May his soul rest in peace.
The election campaign for the JHADC Assembly has been going on in which candidates from various parties and independent candidates have put forward their ideas to attract the people.
Others who attended the meeting were MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Sohkhyllam Village Minister, Sohkhyllam Village Minister and other dignitaries.
Those who have come from the affected areas are urged to follow the rules and regulations to prevent the spread of the disease.
Police have been following his movements and have recovered 0.79 grams of heroin.
Application forms can be collected from the office of the Organization located on the first floor of the residence of Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA (President) at New Kench's Trace, Shillong from 7.00 am to 11.00 am. The deadline for receipt of application forms is on or before 10th August
In a statement sent by Bah Nongtraw, he said that Dr Mukul Sangma is new to the party, so when he thinks short, he acts short.
Shillong, Naitung 29: Hundreds of Hindu devotees today took part in the Kawad procession from Mahadev to Mawjymbuin Crematorium which started from the Dham Temple in Upper. shield.
Regarding the members of the KHADC, they want 37 out of the 40 members proposed by the central government.
The complainant informed the police that he had already handed over 50,000 tyngka to the driver of his vehicle at Motphran.
Police have arrested these four persons and registered a case against them at Mawlai Police Station under the provisions of the NDPS Act under the provisions of PS Case No.14(02)2020 U/S 29/21 (c).
According to sources, the order came from Delhi after Home Minister Amit Shah visited Shillong to meet with party leaders during his two-day stay in Shillong. city ​​of Shillong.
The Khasi KAM rule is based on majority rule because there is no opposition or ruling in the Kur Dorbar, Shnong Dorbar, Raid Dorbar or Hima Dorbar.
Even today, they have not been able to arrest this man.
While many countries in the region have run out of electricity and have had to import electricity to meet their needs, there has been no shortage of oil in any part of India, even among the natural disasters like floods.
We have to hand over the work within 10 to 40 days and we hope that the construction of footpaths and roads will start soon in Iewduh.
The purpose of this competition is to preserve the traditional custom of hunting and fishing using the traditional skills of the people of this area. inheritance from the ancients.
The ceremony began with the raising of the flag of the country followed by traditional songs from Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District today said that the office through the Excise Department has conducted a raid on liquor vendors in the district and in this raid up to 30 liquor vendors have been arrested. liquor dealer.
The residents of these villages have also thrown stones on the road so that the vehicle of the journalists and Agness cannot pass , and they have also sat on the road to block the vehicle , The people carried sticks and stones in their hands, and hid themselves in the forest and as soon as the vehicle they were riding in left the forest.
Shillong, Lber 31: JSU Jowai Circle led by its President Samla Aplang Lamare together with members of the JSU Jowai Circle on Tuesday visited the Sub Center at Chyrmang village.
The Bador is strongly requested to take action to get an explanation regarding the need to attend the Dorbar Ri at Mairang on 13th February 2013 from 10 am.
If the indigenous peoples in other states have the right to protect themselves through the ILP, why don't the indigenous peoples in Meghalaya have the same right?
In 2008, the session lasted 25 days, the first session lasted 10 days, the Budget Session lasted 19 days and the Synrai Session lasted 5 days.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The President of the HSPDP party, Bah KP Pangniang today launched the election manifesto of the party. state of Meghalaya.
Speaking to media on Saturday, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, “I have not received the report from the management.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 25: Three brothers from Domjyrti Village, South West Khasi Hills District have been refused by the Village Authority of Domjyrti Village, the VEC Leaders and the Food Distributor to distribute ration and send 100 workers to work. ( NREGS ) in the village only because there is a dispute over the purchase of land in the village.
To prevent this, India needs to look at ways to come up with a way to help reduce the risk of disease and help end this.
Therefore, the party urges the state government under the leadership of CM Conrad Sangma to talk to the central government to listen to the demand of the people to introduce ILP in the state.
According to the estimates given by Bah Roykupar Synrem, there are more than 300,000 people who are still practicing their traditional religion. many benefits especially in the education of school children.
At this meeting, Bah L Kynjing, Returning Officer for the mid-term elections in the 26-Shella Constituency, explained the preparations made for the smooth conduct of the MLA elections. Halftime.
The union has also sent a letter to the Assistant General Manager and Chief Regional Manager in Guwahati.
The Chief Secretary in her speech said that to strengthen the SYNJUK KYNTHEI is very important because these days many women don't know how to do the duties of women in the family. There is a lot of deterioration in this age, such as the spread of drugs, child marriage, the misuse of mobile phones by children.
Rymbai has won the MLA from Jirang Assembly Constituency three times, first in 1988 from the Congress party and from the party in 2003, in In 2006, he was elected as the Chief Minister of the state and held this post until
The OC said that the two suspects are still in the custody of the police.
They immediately said that you can collect the appointment letter tomorrow,” said Bah Shangpliang.
In the Bill, which the committee sent to the CEM today, it has also clarified the status of the kur and jaid. The lyngdoh shall not be allowed to be called a king or a priest, because this is the rank of the kingdom.
In this reply, they said that they accepted their visit to the Secretariat, but he said he doesn't remember the date of the year, but as the people they remember that it was in The decision to implement the ILP, but in 2020, 2021 they have waited and there has been no follow-up. remind the government.
Speaking to reporters after the CEC meeting, Bah Metbah said the meeting discussed the border issue, the railway, the introduction of the language. Khasi and Garo in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
This program has been a hope for the children and youth to know and understand the richness of the culture of the jaidbynriew.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the President of the clubs, Bah Khrawkupar Warjri, said that the purpose of the club is to preserve the manufacturing of these vehicles. They should also have the opportunity to showcase their talents.
These policies that the BJP has released today are just words from the lips,” she said.
We aim to have an India that looks forward to a better life.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Synod College today launched a four-day celebration of the 150th birth anniversary of the father of the nation, Mahatma Gandhi.
Shillong, November 22: The Meghalaya Government has sent a resolution of the Legislative Assembly to the Central Government to urge the Central Government to recognition of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​under Article 5 of the Constitution of India.
Therefore, we invite all the members of the Bri u Hynniewtrep to come together to express that as the Hynniewtrep people we oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 with one mind, one goal and one voice.
In his speech, Thakuru said this is a special day in the information and broadcasting sector of the country.
Compared to the allocation of this department of the central government last year, the allocation has increased by T.378.73 crore.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: Ranikor MLA Pius Marwein today visited the roads in Warsanlyngdoh and Phlangdiloin areas in the presence of PWD SDO B Dhar, elders. village in the area.
The CWG 2022 was held in Birmingham from 28th May to 8th July, 2022.215 athletes participated in 19 events in which India won 22 gold medals, 16 silver and 23 medals in various sports.
“The GNLA has recently distributed letters demanding T.5 lakh to T.1 crore from petrol pump owners, coal traders and traders living in Garo Hills.
Disparsing said that all these government schools are paid by the government and the SSA schools are paid by the central government. 3 teachers.
The residents can also use the Mawdiangdiang-Diengpasoh road from Nongmensong, NEIGRIHM, Tynring to Diengpasoh Shillong Bypass.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah D Thangkhiew, one of the village officials, said that the mobile phone was found by the water supplier this morning and he informed the police. the village leaders.
The reason for the withdrawal from the syllabus of the university is to prevent the students of the area from entering the university. All this may be a trick of someone because they don't want the youth of this area to enter this school.
The colors used in such a celebration are red, blue, green and stem.
The meeting was opened by Bah, MDC of the constituency.
The opening ceremony was attended by the village leaders, women's organizations, members of the KSU as well as the youth of the village.
Gopajit Das, Media and Communication Officer, PIB Shillong, Bah F. Rumnong, State NSS Officer, Bah Donavan Rapsang, Deputy Director, NYK Shillong, Sneha Shaw, ASO, also participated in the Clean India programme.
IIM Shillong firmly believes in multidisciplinary education which means an interdisciplinary approach, promotion of partnerships, collaboration, and exploration of different teaching ideas and methods.
He said it is the firm belief of Prime Minister Narendra Modiji that without development in the North East, India will not achieve development.
The office has learned of the arrival of the workers in Shillong to hold the strike.
He said that many decisions have been taken at the meeting and the committee will send it to the central government to pass it in parliament to become law.
The MDA government is now for the people and the MLAs provide information regarding the constituencies and areas in all four constituencies of the state. for the part of the people.
The Minister of Home Affairs explained further about the Sengol and said, “The Sengol has a broad meaning, which comes from the Tamil word “Semmai”, which means “the Right”.
“The HYC has written to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Shillong, requesting clarification on the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act, You are not allowed to register with the Schedule Tribe.
In a letter sent to the CEM of KHADC today, the Nongstoin MLA said that the bill will introduce a law to protect the land and the ownership of the land. the custom of holding the land which has been established since ancient times.
Shillong, Iaiong 17: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed that 4 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District. was treated at the Hospital.
To replace the police who are already present in the area, the government has sent more companies of police and more police of the state.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the teachers are appointed by the government and the salary is paid by the central government. This is in accordance with the RTE Act and this Act allows the state governments to reviewed by the Ministry of Education.
All those who took part in the meeting observed a 10 minute silence to condole the passing away of the writer Bah Sumar Sing Sawian, who published the magazine.
Union Minister in charge of Defense and Cooperation, Amit Shah said it has been decided to focus on PACS for the distribution of LPG as well.
Other speakers included Bah Antonia Lakiang who urged the party members to take the initiative to attend the party trainings and learn more about their culture.
John Kharshiing said that the main goal of the NITI Aayog and MHA was that the scheme would come from the villages, from the suggestions of the villages, but this did not happen as they planned because all the works were done. There have been allegations that the District Council authorities have misused the schemes of the Government of India because there is no governance. Cleanliness in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Shillong, Lber 12: The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, in reply to a question by George B Lyngdoh MLA regarding the arrear of teachers, said that the remaining amount is T.51.15 crore.
At that time, another mother came and spoke without listening. There was a fight between the traders and this incident led to the filing of an FIR between the traders. merchant.
In a letter signed by Bah P Saibon President and Bah James MA Neng, in a letter sent to the Expert Committee, the Expert Committee has suggested that it should be according to the number of people, or not. 80% for Garo, Khasi and Jaintia, or 50% for Khasi-Jaintia.
After returning to Shillong, they had the opportunity to meet with Bah Donald Wahlang, Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, in the presence of Dr Vijay Kumar D, IAS, Commissioner, Finance, Planning and Sports.
I also thank the Shiv Sena, Congress (I), SP, BJD, TMC, DMK, SAD, NPP, AGP, TDP and BPF for their support against this Bill. NESO pays special tribute to all those who were injured in the protest against CAB, such as youth from Tripura, Manipur, Assam and wishes them a speedy recovery. for their sufferings were not in vain.
This day 12-05-2020, is the greatest memorable day for the Shnong Umkiang, because there is unity, love, and kindness among the residents of the Shnong.
Some of the placards read, “Stop politics on human life,” “We pray for peace in Manipur,” “Government of India, inaction shows “Dear Government of India, leave politics behind.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mutapur said that at the time when the BDB troops said this, the BSF officials were also present and the BGB said that within 150 people. There are about five houses under construction in the village.
When asked about the nomination of the former MLA of Mawlai constituency to contest the MP election from the UDP, Metbah said the party is not in a hurry to take a decision and accepts the opinion of all before taking a decision. finally.
The Prime Minister urged you all to pay tribute to these children of the country by sitting for two minutes.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Donald V Thabah said that the KSU has been suit la shor to look after the problems of the students in the Bri U Hynniewtrep. Therefore, the Seng has stood firm to fight for the preservation and protection of the Khasi country and people.
In these days, the Seng will lodge a complaint with the relevant department to send the roster and the youth will not wait.
Meghalaya has not been named in the list of schemes.
In his speech, Pa'im Phyllasing Syiem, the Syiem of the Hima, urged the children of the Khathain to respect their own customs and traditions. man shuwa so that the family long jiad will be happy and prosperous and will shape the future of future generations.
Police have urged anyone who has seen or knows anything to contact the police at 0364-2225675 Rynjah PS, 0364-2222214/2
Shillong, November 14: The HNLC has once again claimed responsibility for detonating an IED bomb with a bell at the residence of Star Cement employees.
Shillong, July 20: Seven cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills and one case in West Garo Hills today. There are 133 cases in the state.
BSF troops on receiving a tip from the intelligence agencies have seized an Alto vehicle from Ranikor Police Station, South West Khasi Hills District. to go down to the border near Ranikor.
He also blessed the new EC led by Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, the new EMs of the Legislative Wing, the Chairman and Dy.Chairman, and all the MDCs in KHADC Shillong. , July 27: BSF troops on receiving a tip that there is an illegal influx of Bangladeshis have conducted a checkpoint on the Dawki-Amlarem road in West Jaintia Hills District. Five Bangladeshis and five Indians were arrested.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that the total number of COVID-19 positive cases in Meghalaya has risen to BSF, 5 civilians in East Khasi Hills District and 7 in Ri Bhoi District.
The Canadian traders said that Meghalaya has many opportunities to work with the state in many areas, in the field of media, water treatment. drinking water, to benefit from natural resources, in the field of livestock and road construction at a reasonable cost.
The road from Ummulong to Khanduli to Hamrem in Assam has already been improved and the wish of the people is if it can be turned into a National Highway.
One Narendra fulfilled the dreams of another Narendra (Swami Vivekananda).
On the other hand, the NPP MLA, who is also the spokesperson of the party, James, said that the prime minister should have immediately handed over the letter to the NIA. There is a relationship between the insurgents and the people in the world as it has appeared from time to time in the media.
“Everyone was ready and we are making sure it is a successful tournament.
Shillong, Nailur 08: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today said that the government has decided to strengthen the health facilities in the state. It has released T.75 crore in the first phase.
Due to the earthquake in 1897, many buildings in Shillong were destroyed and this was seen during the time of Swami's stay in Shillong. Shillong has 9,621 cases.
Badari Yadav, Deputy Director, Defence, Guwahati, who was also one of the chief guests for the workshop, said that the program has a role to play in the development of the workshop. to provide training in order to promote the use of Hindi in day-to-day information work in the offices.
It was a spectacular event during these three days especially on the 5th and 6th in traditional costumes with mainksiar, mainrupa, symphiah and thuïa.
On this occasion, I have taken this opportunity to contest the Lok Sabha election from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency as an Independent.
If you have any questions please contact us at 0364-2222277 and
Goswamie said he would talk to the authorities regarding the matter.
“During these two terms as Chief Minister we have been able to build many sports grounds and we look forward to the next five years to continue to build various sports grounds in the State. .
People like Ms. Joycy are the pioneers to achieve Atmanirbhar Bharat and promote it. Amazon aims to produce clean employees from all over the world and promote women to work in my tech department.
On the other hand, the Minister said in the House that the government is currently preparing the service rule and the government will take action as soon as possible to implement it. There is no service rule for the appointment of BDOs from other government departments.
Mawsynram Community and Rural Development Block covers an area of ​​510km which is the main reason for the decision to upgrade this Block to a Civil Sub Division.
Since its inception, the Holy Cross Health Center has faced many challenges over the years and he said that the existence of the Holy Cross Health Center is a testimony to the hard work and dedication of the management of the Holy Cross Health Centre. health center and their efforts to provide services to the people of the area.
Dr War said that when the man went to Rangthong PHC to drop off his wife, he entered some parts of the PHC. After coming from Rangthong, he went to the ATM at Rangthong PHC. Mawkyrwat and other places, the health department is still investigating those who have been in contact with this person.
Shillong, November 02: The Cabinet meeting has decided to increase the fare for Maxi Cabs and other vehicles, said the Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma. Tourist Taxi.
The problems they face are the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC)'s installation of revenue collection gates, the suspension of development projects from Assam and Meghalaya and the ban on cutting trees. to collect revenue from the shyiap and stone and the boundary settlement should be peaceful.
If such things happen, our descendants will never forgive us".
Shillong, March 14: Lyngkhat Market has been closed since the outbreak of COVID-19 in Meghalaya and it has not been opened for two years by the MDA government. Prestone Tynsong's constituency.
The Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, in his speech, said that on behalf of the government, he welcomes Bah Thangkhiew who has been willing to take this decision to surrender himself before the government. government after he left his country a few years ago.
Before the opening ceremony, these Rangbah gave a speech and encouraged the players to be responsible and have a spirit of play so that they can move forward in their lives. they.
The BJP wants to achieve the aspirations of the people and for the party the voice of the people will be heard because only the people understand the problems of the state and it is necessary for the people to get what they want in the future.
The union also sought the opinion of the CEM on the answer given by the KHADC to the questions raised by the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA). Regarding Dr Mukul's suggestion that the KHADC should call back the VAB, the union said: The CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, has not given any promise to the CEM of KHADC. The demand of the union is that they want to get the VAB. SRS, but said that this issue will have to be discussed with all the MDCs as this is the responsibility of the House, said Dr Kharshiing.
Assam MP Guatam has accused the BJP of failing in all aspects, whether in terms of income or relations with the world. Russia, which is closest to India, will now hold a physical exercise between Russian troops and India's enemy Pakistan.
This assistance has been provided by the employees since the beginning of the year.
When contacted by SP News Agency, the residents of the area said that the children who saw the box immediately came and told the elders in the village. look to verify this children’s account.
They have left us and an independent India, but they have also left the tasks that we still have to accomplish for the development of the country, for the empowerment of everyone so that they can freedom from poverty and social and economic discrimination.
“In view of the increasing use of banned calcium carbide, the FSSAI has approved the use of ethylene gas which is a safer method of ripening in India.
All shops in the market area must close on or before 3 pm.
Technological advances such as artificial intelligence and machine learning have become part of our lives at a rapid pace.
Last month, the KSU had expelled Samla Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, President of Mawlai Circle, on charges of fighting against the rules. managed Seng.
