Rukini RT Dkhar, U14 Event- 600M.Turoi Phawa, U14 Event- 60M & Long Jump.
Shillong, July 5: The celebration of Christmas and New Year, although a happy one for many, is also a celebration that destroys the humanity of many Khasi youth. like these days.
At the same time, she said that the department has already sent a proposal to the state government to turn the site into a tourist destination with all the accommodation facilities and others.
Speaking on the occasion, former President of KHNAM North Shillong constituency, Bah Strong P Kharjana, said that the joining of the VPP is after the situation in the KHNAM does not allow them to join the VPP. work for the goals and aspirations for the nation.
Shillong, March 14: U Shashi Tharoor, the presidential candidate of the Indian National Congress (INC), is scheduled to arrive in Shillong today to seek the support of the Congress members. Shashi is from Thiruvananthapuram and will contest against Mallikarjun Kharkhe for the post of President of the All India Congress Committee. you're President.
On the first day, there were 7 shooters for the 25M Shooting Range and 7 shooters for the 10M Indoor shooting.
On the other hand, Bah Albinus Timung President of KCS said that the festival will start with a procession of the Karbi people from 9 pm and will be followed by various programs including entertainment, competitions. and traditional programs to showcase to the world the richness of the traditional culture and customs of the Karbi people living in the state.
Players are requested to bring their Birth Certificate from the Municipal/CHC/PHC/Block and the players must be Khasi/Pnar and Garo.
He said that in the past years, the people of the state have suffered because the meter readers go once every two or three months and the residents especially the poor families have suffered because they have to pay once. The electricity bill will be paid for 4 or 5 months, but for the convenience of the residents, Smart Meters will be installed.
Upon reading through, the film ends unsatisfyingly.
The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has approved the 2019 Inter District Transfer.
Similarly, to implement these things is a very difficult task without hard work, a strong will, sufficient knowledge and perseverance.
It is not only the opposition to the conversion to the museum, but what they are more opposed to is the attempt to remove the word Ujjayanta, which is the old name of the royal family in Tripura.
Speaking in front of the two ministers, the women shopkeepers in these two districts refused to leave and said that they will not allow them to close their shops at all. “We have been living here since 1992 with the permission of the Hima Mylliem, we will not allow them to demolish our shops,” said Kong D.Majaw, one of the women who owns shops in these areas of Motphran.
The winners of this race were: 1st – Glorify Kurbah from Mawlai, 2nd – Balasiewdor Pathaw from Nongthliew, 3rd – Lesmimery Lyngkhoi from Marshillong and Noemi Teresa Pde from Upper Shillong.
Speaking at the Khasi and Jaintia Farmers' Assembly, Conrad said such a meeting would inform the government about the problems of the farmers.
Laitkroh MDC Carmel Sohtun has joined the KHNAM. At present, KHNAM has four MDCs: Adilbert Nongrum, Ban Jame Basaiawmoit, Bah Carmel Sohtun and Bah Latiplang Kharkongor.
Dr Donkupar, who won seven terms as MLA of Shella since 1988, passed away suddenly on Friday at Medanta Hospital, Gurgaon, Haryana after a long illness.
The MDA government has been willing to take a decision to resolve the border issue which has been pending for 50 years since the independence of Meghalaya. The demarcation agreement was signed in Delhi between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma in the presence of Defense Minister Amit Shah.
The head of the Department of Horticulture said that buyers from the UK have brought the slasha to display at the market.
Jowai, Naitung 13: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) War-Jaintia Circle today met with the Executive Engineer PWD Jowai at his office in Jowai to remind him. on the complaint filed on 5th November
“He said that load shedding used to be implemented in the months of July, June, April and June for about 2 to 3 hours, but as it could not be done, it has been implemented more now. to load shedding.
“Only farmers cultivating sugarcane, rice and cucumber have been exempted from the ban on the use of fertilizer.
Speaking on the government's visit to these areas without permission from the KHADC, Bah Titos said that the government can visit these areas without permission from the KHADC. you don't need a NoC.
“This is why Bah Rymbai is not in police custody.
Closing the tournament, MCA Secretary Gideon Kharkongor said that Meghalaya has played well this season compared to all the seasons it has participated in since .
He said that in Delhi, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has visited the dirtiest market and he wants everyone to follow Modi's example to take part in the market. can bring India as a clean country.
These bikes are part of the 100 days of work of the government which was set by the Chief Minister.
Chairman of the JAC Najim Kharmalki said that according to the information of the elders who attended the meeting, there are nine transformers which have broken down. .
In the U-16 category (Men), Bettingstar N Sangma (long jump), Henry Yoga Sangma (100m), Embhahlang Lyngdoh (100m, 300m), Rishanmehi Ryngkhlem (2000m), Ram Shylla (2000m), Channabirth R Bad (from the jump).
Shillong, November 02: The Office of the Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities, Shillong, in collaboration with the State Resource Center for Persons with Disabilities, Shillong, today announced that the celebration of the International Day of Persons with Disabilities in the meetings were adjourned to November 4th.
There are 19 such schools in the state and 3 in Ri-Bhoi District alone including in Mawtari Myrdon village of Umsning Block. Nongrim Synjari in Umling Block and another in Jirang Block, and the union will visit all these schools to see whether they are in the same condition as in Mawtari Myrdon.
The three conveners including Donstan Khonglah, Phrangsngi Konglah and Bayou Bijoy Konglah have informed the public that the meeting of the Seng Khonglah Pyllun (Khasi & Jaintia) will be held on 21st March
And Peter ate it.
Nongstoin MLA Diosstar Jyndiang said that the party will not forgive anyone who is against the party.
Shillong, November 7: After the resignation of Roshan Warjri from the post of Minister of Home Affairs, the vacancy in the Cabinet led by Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has not yet been filled. .
Laitkor won their second victory in the tournament in the first match on 19 July 2023, when they beat Umpling 6-0
From that time on the waters were dried up, and they were called Thermopylae.
“I am pleased to launch these 10 Bed ICU Projects in 12 District Hospitals and 2 Tele ICU Hubs in Meghalaya.
Those who wish to participate can phone or message the President of WKHDCA Bah Richard Sun at
“Ka seng urges the Superintendent of Police Nongstoiñ to look into the situation of the people of Malangkona area and the villages on the border of Mawshynrut Civil Sub-division”.
Lama Youth SC and Lakadong Ummat have reached the second round of the Third Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA).
As the largest and oldest party in the state, it sometimes has its ups and downs, but it is now on the rise.
He said it is necessary to consider the intention of the State Government in generating revenue from the vacancy especially in view of the opposition from various groups to the decision to set up a casino in the State.
The Income Tax Department has also raided the residence of two wealthy men Rohit Jain and Lesley Shylla. Azure Enterprises Global Inc. and Eternal Enterprises Inc., based in the British Virgin Islands, operate their businesses outside the Tax Zone (TAZ).
Bengaluru's new coach Marco Pezzaiuoli has noticed his skills in the game and has been taken to training with strong teams and has now joined the team. of the 29 players.
Sutnga MDC Richard Sing Lyngdoh has also filed his nomination papers to contest from Raliang.
The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has issued a thunderstorm warning for 27 and 28 June.
“Is this the kind of person Modi wants to lead to Parliament?” the Congress statement said.
The meeting was conducted by Pasqualina Lamare, Project Coordinator of SURE and Daka Bareh, Field Coordinator of SURE explained about the work done by the project in Mulum.
Bah Kitbok said the problem of not being able to reduce the light bill is that if they cut one cow or more they have to operate the same machines, so they have problems with the light bill while the light bill is only. T.300 to T.400 per cow while no one has come to slaughter the goats since the opening.
There are other incidents which the organization does not own and there are also those which do not own; However, the issue we need to discuss is the desire of the NGO for peace talks with the government, which has been seen, as the state government, has agreed on this issue.
“If the people agree, we will first set up a Preparatory Committee which will set up a District Committee in each district and after the set up of the District Committee, they will set up a State Committee,” he said.
The High Court wrote the 37-page petition by Justice SR Sen in the hearing of the case of Amon Rana who was denied domicile.
In the massive election campaign, Congress followers and supporters from across the state took part in the election campaign in which many people flocked and gathered in the streets to take part in this day.
There, Marina, left for her country, but they used to write letters to each other, as a continuation of their love for each other.
Shillong, June 20 : U Bah Torak Kharpran, one of the boxing coaches of the Sports Authority of India (SAI), has been selected as one of the coaches and managers of the country's boxing team. The IBA Elite Men's World Boxing Championships
The two arrested were identified as Arki Dkhar and Soniki Tariang, the driver and follower of the vehicle.
Rakchuwell Marak scored the first goal for Atong Matgrik in the 36th minute to make it 2-1 in the first half.
Unhappiness is the nature of man, because man desires many kinds of desires.
The handshake between the BJP and the Congress has intensified after Congress MP from Assam Gourav Gogoi offered to join hands with Nalin Kohli on the work of the BJP and Congress in the North East.
The incident took place on Tuesday at the Center for Feminine Adaptation Social, a female-only prison outside the city of Tegucigalpa.
There are more than 2000 shops owned by Khasi and Dkhar in Iewduh.
The President of CSWO, Agnes Kharshiing, said that small vehicles cannot pass on this road and the village headmen have told us that in the past, the police vehicle also stopped when they came to investigate because of the the road is bad without agreement.
“As support and training for farmers and entrepreneurs, it will be provided at the PRIME Hubs,” said Conrad.
Regarding the measures taken to address the price drop, the Minister said that the Mawïong Wholesale Market has a capacity of more than 21,000 MT. It has been cut at a time when the price of synsar has fallen, thus opening the door for the farmers to get higher prices.
He urged the sports associations to expand and conduct awareness programs or games across the state to develop special skills and that the government will continue to support as much as possible in helping.
He said that the Department of Tourism looks forward to working closely with all the groups involved for the smooth running of these projects.
ANTF Police on receiving a tip that a drug smuggler was coming from Aizwal via Silchar, seized a Tata Sumo (AS 01 KC 9188) at Kongong, East. Jaintia Hills District.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung, 07: The Subroto Mukharjee Cup Football Tournament 2022 organized by the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District has arrived. Lyngdoh Wanniang Secondary School, Marshillong, Jakrem Presbyterian High School and Mawlangwir Higher Secondary School became the winners of the tournament held at the Artificial Turf Ground, MDSA, Mawkyrwat.
The BJP leader also mentioned many issues related to health and other schemes from the central government.
In the recently concluded dorbar tlang, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, announced the setting up of this committee to follow up with the Government of India for the introduction of the Khasi language. in the fifth chapter of the Constitution.
Speaking to reporters in front of the morgue at the Civil Hospital, Quina Mary Kharumnuid, wife of the deceased, said that the cause of death of her husband was shot by the Rangbah Dong. Nongsder, Rangmen Block I am the Prick Chief.
Shillong, June 5 : The Minister in charge of Electricity and Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal on Tuesday said that there is no policy to recognize or confirm the contract employees of the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL). ).
Pro-Vice Chancellor Dr. Debmalaya Bhattacharya was the chief guest and shared the words for the Jovan Sports Week.
Politics has entered the seed distribution of farmers.
He strongly condemned that instead of protecting the people, the police have become murderers.
“I still want to improve in this type of cycling to learn more about how to balance the cycle, how to eat to get a strong body and how to control the cycle especially when cycling in places. off road they have to climb and descend the rivers and cross the hills and rivers, while on the roads it is not easy,” she said.
The visit was to Langpih area which has been in dispute for many years and the governments of Meghalaya and Assam have also taken this area as one of the areas to be resolved between them. the two states.
Shillong, Nailur 08 : The President of the BJP Mahila Morcha, Kong Susuki Pariat on Tuesday accused former Mawsynram MLA and former BJP spokesperson HM Shangpliang of using the same allegations against her. The BJP has now accused the two other parties of leaving last year.
The Muslims did not want to lose India after the departure of the French.
Nongstoiñ, March 07: Lawrynjam village is one of the villages in Parïong area, Mawthadraishan C&RD Block Eastern West Khasi Hills District. he is from the village of Dommawlieh.
“The CEM has promised us that we will take action on this issue and he will soon convene a meeting to discuss this issue,” he said.
Shillong, Lber 26 : Kimtera D Sangma took three wickets for 90 runs in two overs to beat Shillong Cricket Association by 174 runs in the first leg of the tournament. The U-14 Girls Inter District Cricket Tournament 2023 was held on Saturday at Nongstoin.
The group praised the efforts of the state government to make the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra a success even in the rural areas.
On this occasion, the village leaders expressed their special thanks to Bah George B Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi Constituency, for his efforts. They have taken great care to talk to the government authorities that these villages are not yet entitled to be included in the Census Town and those who are still entitled to receive development schemes like other villages.
Greta also said that the police's allegation that she did not comply with their orders was true.
The Controller of Examinations, Meghalaya Board of Education, Tura, TR Laloo, said in a statement.
Explaining the style of play of the three countries against India, Stimac said Cambodia is a country that plays to strengthen its defence, where most of the players spend more time behind.
The General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills, Wanteibok Lyngdoh, said that if the Garo friends want to make Tura the winter capital, it will be difficult to make Nongstoin the spring capital.
Meghalaya Police Public School won 1st prize, St. Edmund's School second prize and Pariong Presbytery HSS won 3rd prize.
It is worth mentioning that Bah Marcus Marten, leader of the Auto Drivers Association, was arrested by the HYC leaders on the evening of 27th November, after the end of the CoMSO rally. They have demanded ILP in Nongpoh.
“We have used all the patients in the ICU,” he said.
Nongpoh, Naitung 16: The children and family of Bah OB Ranee today held a special program to commemorate the death of Bah OB Ranee. contribute a lot to the family and especially to the community.
Among the leading supporters who have defected from the BJP and NPP are Bah Suly Lyngdoh, one of the leaders of Mawsynram, Mawpen and Sawsymper, Bimol, Sol Sangma, Dipok, Mon Sangma, Jasen Sangma, Tinot Sangma and others spoke at the meeting.
He said that the rights and privileges of the Garo people under the provisions of Article 7 of the Constitution have been ignored by the government by establishing the Court of Nokma and other special rights as the Garo people.
Nongsiej said that another of his dreams is to promote the youth in sports, especially in football. When he visits the villages, the youth and the leaders of various clubs, They used to come to meet him and complain that they wanted to promote sports but they didn't have the opportunity.
Aizawl: Mizoram Chief Minister Lalduhoma on Tuesday said that if there is an attempt to erect signs on the India-Myanmar border, it is unacceptable to the Mizo people.
Ahead of the 2023 MP elections, Trinamool Congress MPs have raised the issue in Parliament, while TMC MP in the Rajya Sabha, Derek Obrien, has raised it in the Rajya Sabha.
Johnson said 1.3 million Britons have been vaccinated against the disease, including 10 percent of those over the age of
It is true that there are such people in Meghalaya but, perhaps, what is needed is that they should not be more, and they should not be paid more, because there are those who do not have them but they do not pay. care in these places is expensive and the poor will not be able to afford it.
The 1st Runner Up was won by Deikishisha Talang from Nongtalang and B.Com 2nd Year student at St. Edmunds College, Shillong.
of Public Enterprise, Chapter 4, para 4.2.
However, Bah Nongrem said that when he went to look for them, he found that they were gone.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) led by its Vice President, Yoodahunki Shylla, Organizing Secretary, Phaitki Suna visited one of the offices of PWD South Division Jowai on 19th November at 11 am and found that there were no employees or officers to be present and empty seats where only two employees came to work.
“We want this because the House is a place to discuss, to express opinions, not to shake hands, but to express opinions.
So they decided to stay in the shops, and stay farther away from each other and by using odd and even numbers,” said Tarun Bhartya.
On Samlin's statement that no one may be dismissed after the MLA elections in Sohiong, Titos said it is up to Bah Samlin who will dismiss, and it is also up to the MLAs to change the Government.
It is for this reason that as the days go by, the people living in those areas increase, beautify, improve the quality of food and so on.
Shillong: The FKJGP Aradonga Area Unit is pleased that the Government through the Health Department has introduced a machine to scan for Covid-19 or Corona Virus for those entering and leaving Assam to Meghalaya through Athiabari to West Khasi Hills which is the exit and entry point for entry and exit to West Khasi Hills; However, the sad thing is that since the machine was brought here until now, the union when investigated about the machine, the answer is that “no one knows how to test” the machine.
God did not create man for man or woman for woman.
The decision to increase the price of pork in the state was taken because the buyers of pork have found it difficult to raise the price to import pork into the state. The price of petrol has increased.
According to information received, these officers who did not come to work are Bah S. Kurbah, Superintendent of Mining and Minerals and Bah Amstring Syngleiñ, Deputy Chief Forest Officer.
In the men's singles category, Fredy Kit Wahlang of Anderson Higher Secondary School defeated Victor Marwein of Anderson School while in the women's category, Fredy Kit Wahlang of Anderson School won the title. Anderson won the title by defeating Wanrisha Syiem of Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya.
The name Jaintia does not refer to the ethnicity but to the place. In earlier times it was also called the Hima Sutnga and this Hima was inhabited by the Khasi (Pnar) from the areas. Therefore, we understand that the word Jaintia means a place and we are one nation.
It is for this reason that the group felt it was necessary to include the word 'Ancestral' in the Khasi & Jaintia Special Provision, 1986 so that the parents can They do not have the right to acquire ancestral property or self-acquired property.
One of the rooms that was destroyed was the teachers' room and in the teachers' room were placed some of the necessary books of the school including the Bible and religious books.
He said that the reason why the Garo people living in these border villages have decided to stay in Meghalaya is after some officials of the Assam government have informed them. , that the Assam Government shall allocate only three bikha of land to each household, but the farms and vacant land are all the land of the Government.
The demands of the Chief Minister include the resolution of the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam, the strengthening of the police force to fight insurgency in Lum Garo, the allocation of funds for the the establishment of an IR Battalion, the need for more security forces to implement the NGT order, the establishment of SF-10 and the establishment of Residential Schools in the border areas.
It will be the first time that the people have the desire to see this Prime Minister of the country, unlike other Prime Ministers who have come before.
The second meeting was conducted by the President of the Union of Waheh Shnong Jowai, Alan Niangti who was deeply concerned about the increase in drug users in the district.
The Nongrim Hills Dorbar Shnong has urged the health workers in the villages to register their names for the protection of the people in the villages.
So allow me to end these problems and you will see a change in the constituency and the country as a whole.
In the complaint, it was also stated that the delay in filing the complaint was due to the fear of the child and also due to the fear of the money to file a complaint.
In this regard, the Meghalaya Youth Congress will hold a protest at the MeECL office in Tura on the 11th November 2019 at 11:30 AM, Marak said.
Therefore, this day is a day of remembrance for this village which has been in trouble for many years, said the statement.
War also teaches people to rebuild on the basis of righteousness and truth.
He said the first pig was slaughtered at around 2 pm, while two others were slaughtered at 3 or 4 pm.
“However, if we talk, we belong to the mother nation for example and that is the power that doesn't exist and that is the culture that cannot change us and it is something like the party. “We understand that the entire North East in fact has a unique culture, a unique society and therefore we would like to stand firm and we would not want to be affected,” he said.
Not only this Government, in the past decade Governments led by National Parties, such as the Indian National Congress (INC), have threatened that the border disputes with Assam cannot be resolved. only if the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam and the Government of India belong to the same political party.
APSTA Secretary L.Tiewsoh, expressed her gratitude to the SDSEO and its staff, who have worked hard and are quick to discuss how to bring benefits to the teachers within the SDSEO as a whole.
H Pala MP to lose the Sixth Scheduled.
“Therefore, their statement has been completely silenced, especially when they talk about the NPP because the people ask why the UDP is working together now and the people feel that it is better to win the NPP which does not exist. He said that the President of the UDP, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh should also clarify that the UDP has not yet united with the NPP, but has cooperated with the NPP. The UDP leader said this because the people have understood the wrong path of the UDP.
These include steps towards more open laws and regulations, national policies to promote ownership, and the use of Aadhaar for authentication.
He added that the small parties in the state cannot do anything because as it is now, all the parties in the MDA government have failed in all aspects. The only party that will bring about change is the Congress party”.
The roads remain the same, there is no Medical College, no Engineering College and nothing even though Meghalaya has reached the age of 30 years.
They suffered indescribable sorrow.
Of course, there will be arrangements from time to time and we will cooperate with the Government authorities.
Tynsong recalled that in 2018, similar allegations came out, saying that the people should not vote for the NPP because the NPP is the BJP and if they win the election they can also close down churches and strip people of their freedom of religious belief.
It is also a fact that Mawhati Constituency is one of the largest constituencies and most of the people living in this constituency are farmers.
He said that to raise Rs 10 crore is not easy, but we have to find ways and means and he said that the MLA is a visionary for the needs of the area.
The book of Daniel is one of the apocalyptic writings that appears in the Old Testament.
Not only that, the incident in the area has increased and there has been a clash, although the Assam and Meghalaya police who went to accompany the MLA have been arrested. After this, Bah Kimfa left the scene with the intention of lodging a complaint against the Assam police.
The HNLC also urged the intelligence agency to investigate the suspects Shynshar Khymdeit and Samuel Wahlang.
Replying to a question on the survey on the number of ethnic groups in Bihar and the Congress party's statement on it, Scindia said, “This party (Congress) it did nothing for the backward classes in 70 years.
Hamlet said that compared to the votes received by KHNAM in the last MLA elections, it is more than the votes received by Paual alone. Shillong West Constituency received 8600 votes while Paul alone received 9333 votes.
Prestone also appealed to the people to be vigilant against the misleaders who are emerging this time, because before this or in 2023 there has never been such a thing.
The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has considered the cyclone to be very strong and is expected to cause heavy rainfall and flooding. in some parts of the State and then the intensity of the wind.
Shillong, March 24: Sudipta Sharma has lodged a complaint at Sadar PS alleging that on the 23rd, robbers withdrew T.25,000 from her account at an ATM booth at Polo. Towers, Shillong.
Shillong: St Anthony's College beat St Dominic's College 53/28 in the NEHU Inter College Basketball Tournament 2018 on Saturday.
During his visit to Assam, Abhishek started his journey by visiting Kamakshya Temple and meeting with party workers in Machkhowa.
He said that the EC should take action within six months otherwise he will show actions that he will not say at all.
The 1.118 km road has been funded by the World Bank at a cost of Rs 129.860 lakh and will be implemented through the Meghalaya Integrated Transport Project (MITP). The vehicle was also handed over to Rev.S Wollington Children's Home.
The increase in violence against women is worrying.
Lakhon was welcomed on November 18 and elected as the President of the UDP Raliang LA Constituency.
We have seen in the past years the deaths of people inside the coal mines which are difficult to even look at, not to mention the invasion to dig and carry this mineral.
On learning of this incident, the HNYF leaders and some of the elders from Nongpoh, went to talk to these shopkeepers, and warned them not to take advantage of them. and that is by forcibly increasing the price of goods.
The cultivation of krai is not difficult compared to the cultivation of other crops.
He congratulated them for their struggle which has encouraged the Hynniewtrep people as a whole.
Over the moon (sic)”.
Hanbil Syiem of Khliehmawlieh Youth Club won the title of the best goalkeeper.
However, there are still several villages in the area which have been lost and have not been restored till today.
In the State Finance Report 2021-22 for Meghalaya, the CAG said that the state has not received enough funds.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 7: The farmers are a strong link in improving income, livelihood and meeting the needs of the state.
This is why this plant grows well in these areas due to its unique climate.
These office bearers include President C. Langstieh, Vice President Bili Nonglait, Secretary Andy Kurkalang, Joint Secretary G. Marwein, C. Sawkmie, R Nonglit and N Marbaniang including 10 members.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: An ASHA from Kyrdem PHC has been paid T.82,000 thousand for her hard work and honorarium for the past six months. go away.
Justice Aparesh Kumar Singh has taken over as the new Chief Justice of the Tripura High Court, replacing Justice Jaswant Singh who recently retired.
Khliehriat, July 19 : U Bah Damewanhi Rymbai, who is also one of the candidates of the Voice of the People (VPP), who contested the last MLA election, has expressed his concern over the lack of power. He also spoke on the shortage of electricity in East Jaintia Hills District and said that it is true and surprising that there are two power plants in the district, the Myntdu Leshka Project-Stage. 1, at Suchen village and the Power Grid Station at Deiñshynrum, but the access to electricity is still very low.
In South Garo Hills, up to 64 houses have been damaged by the cold weather from 12th to 18th June and these houses are from Chokpot and Rongara Block.
The WTO strongly opposes the discrimination against indigenous people in their own country and the WTO demands that the CEM should take action to order these officers. that they should not be partial.
The Minister announced that the Lumshnong C&RD will be opened to the public on the 26th of November.
It is learned that during the search operation, they searched all over the surrounding areas and villages and also searched in all the forests near the village, but they did not find anything.
In addition, on this day, there will be a memorial service for the three freedom fighters by laying a wreath at their statue at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
Genesis 19:26-29.
Translated into Khasi by Sweet C Syiemïong, Barefoot Trust.
According to the Sordar and Secretary Shnong, the village, which had only 20 households in 2005, now has 74 households and a head of 600 men, 320 women and 280 men. male.
Jowai, July 19: The 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023 was held today. at the King Stadium, Jowai.
A different world - different thinking.
Pay Scale:- Level 16th of Revised Pay Structure plus other allowances as admissible under the Rules.
You can use 100 grams of nitrogen to produce 100 grams of nitrogen.
From the churches to the market committees have sent a statement to the media and others to cooperate to fight and curb the spread of the disease from one person to another.
The 'Noh Sakyriat' was held before the Shad Sukra which was scheduled to be held tomorrow. The women on both sides of the specially made tree and the men who were like the sons of the father took part in the execution of Sakyriat.
This new vaccine has been discovered recently.
Cleanliness and social distancing is a new way of life and all people have to accept this way of life which can save the state from the threat of this disease.
Choirs including Phudmari Youth Church, Sutnga Youth Church and LumMawbah Youth Church performed at 10:30 am while Blang Smit Youth Church, KJP Synod Mihngi Standing Choir Speaking at 1:30 pm, Pastor Dr. RR Convile sang at the 1:30 pm service based on the letter of the Apostle Paul to the Philippians 3:1 , he said, as Christians if we don't read the Bible then being a Christian is meaningless.
All these things passed away and came to an end.
We have eliminated the shootings and bloodshed and we have eliminated the floods,” said Shah, speaking at a public meeting in Nalbari.
“The Management of Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited has called for a meeting with us on the 17th of this month at 11.30 pm,” said the President of the Union.
As soon as the Nepalis were invaded, the Pnar came from the east, the War from the west, the Maram and the Khynriam or the west to seek and occupy farmland – except for those from the Maharam kingdom, not all the westerners were Maram. The Ribhoi area is fertile, so these new settlers work hard to produce a variety of crops, according to the season and method of work.
He said that the presence of some exploiters for personal gain who support the Assam government in all aspects, is the main reason why the people are facing each other. a lot of problems.
I don't have to drive a small truck or a pick up truck because I don't have a small truck.
He said that Badri Rai & Company was the company which participated in the tender for the construction of the new Legislative Assembly but the company was rejected due to lack of information. or experience in building the dome of this House.
Brighstarwell said he is confident that the law will do what is necessary and to investigate the shortcomings and errors and how those under the age of 18 can get Learner's Driving. License.
A few months later it was reported that those children who used to travel with Peter had been arrested for selling alcoholic beverages.
I hope that as sacred laws, laws will also have a special recognition as special places for seed carriers.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held a meeting and after that the PDF meeting was held. The PDF meeting discussed the report of the investigation team on the transfer of money collected from the Professional Tax into the bank accounts of private individuals.
Why can't you protect yourself from Corona? Seven other members of his family have now contracted the same disease.
If these products do not come from outside the state, it is very difficult for the state to meet the needs.
The Apostle Paul says that these are those who are loved, friends, or fellow servants of God.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (EJHD) on Tuesday visited a family in Moolamylliang, Sutnga District, East Jaintia Hills District.
The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has issued an order in June to direct all Rangbah Shnongs not to issue syrnod or Residential Certificate to any person who does not The Residential Certificate shall be issued only to those who have lived in the village for at least 10 years. 12 years and must be signed by at least 2/3 of the members of the Executive Dorbar Shnong.
In another development, it was reported that the curfew called by the Sengbhalang, which started tonight, did not cause any tragic incidents in parts of Shillong and even elsewhere.
There are currently 23 active cases in the district with the highest number of cases in East Khasi Hills with
As usual, the campaign of political parties before the elections, especially when it is near, happens because it is the time to convince the people to believe and support them. .
Earlier, North Garo Hills beat East Garo Hills by 7 wickets, in which EGH tied for 79 runs. in 9.1 overs for the loss of three wickets.
Today alone, there have been 170 new cases and only 24 recoveries.
NTA, which runs CUET, had planned from the beginning to become a business and spent tens of lakhs to enter the college.
However, during the election, you have to change your mind so that you can survive when you are in the chair. you have done nothing to the nation.
We have inherited a principle from the Church since the first century and this principle clearly states, “For there was not a needy person among them” (Acts 4:34). Amen.
"Those who sell should not take advantage and those who buy should not buy too much," she added.
It is not known whether the MP to the Rajya Sabha, Dr. WR Kharlukhi supports or opposes the introduction of the Bill.
Until now, there have been no reports of casualties or casualties in any state.
Speaking at the welcoming ceremony of Mairang MDC Batskhem Ryntathiang to the NPP in Mairang today, Ampareen said that the incumbent MP Vincent H Pala cannot do anything because he has The people of Shillong Parliamentary Constituency need to elect a party that has a close relationship in Delhi for the benefit of the state.
Serbilin Lyngdoh, President of the FKJGP Langpih Area Unit, said that the Chairman of the Regional Committee on Border Dispute should invite the Hima Chiefs and Rangbah Shnongs together during the talks.
The owner of M/S Kre Jingim Lina Service Station Urkaliar, Khamtilin Massar in a statement strongly condemns those involved in spreading false news and urged the state police to conduct an investigation to find out who is involved. .
Shillong, Naitung 8: U J. Narayan Rai, 60, Supervisor of Railways, who was abducted from Tilapara/Bakenang village in North Garo Hills on July 25, 2013, was released on July A village on the Assam-Meghalaya border near Mendipathar, North Garo Hills.
Speaking to media after the meetings, Dr Pawar said that in the last six years, the Government has tried to strengthen the health facilities.
Speaking as the chief guest, Gilbert Thyrniang, one of the youths of Rangblang Sohsyniang Village, encouraged the athletes to become youngsters who use their talents properly. and not to be involved in idle activities such as spending time in food and drink which destroy the body such as alcohol and drugs.
Therefore, we request the government to allow the opening of all churches/places of worship in the state.
We will try to complete it by October 2016 as targeted,” said Kong Ampareen.
The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has selected 15 players for tomorrow's tournament.
It is believed that there are some shortcomings in the ILP, one of the shortcomings is corruption, Rs.100, Rs.200 has been charged for the ILP, especially on the Dimapur-Kohima-Imphal road.
On the 15th of July, the President will open the Meghalaya Games at the PA Sangma Stadium, Tura.
He said that according to the previous report, it was shown that a bridge can be built above the dam but later it was found that it is not safe for the dam. sha rum is also at a distance of 3 Km.
In the Science Stream, there are 1501 males and 2183 females.
The presence of protein in the milk is the main reason for this.
The Vice President of the party, Bah Donbok Kharlyngdoh, said that the two members are from Nongthymmai Circle and were arrested at 1 pm while they were holding the flag.
On the other hand, Princess Rashir shouted at the police that it was from the press and he had no right to seize the mobile phone without consulting.
“If these companies want to get the trust of the people, they should provide network, otherwise they have no intention of erecting towers without working,” said Bah WD Gympad General Secretary KSU Sonapyrdi Unit.
Dr Mukul Sangma will contest from Pynursla and Prestone will contest from Ampati/Songsak constituency.
Speaking to reporters , the committee said that they have informed the CEM that many works have been completed but the contractors have not yet received their salaries or their Bill.
In an interview with this reporter, they said that after July 2022 if the government does not do what is necessary, the union will continue the protests in another way.
I also want to do a lot of great things for the future especially for speaking on the issues of the state in the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Tuesday met with the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh. state.
“To explain to the public, we have distributed these leaflets and if we see that the Government is still silent, the party will call a large public meeting and if necessary, don't lodge a complaint in the Public Interest. Litigation (PIL),” he added.
The Chief Minister, while presenting the budget, said that the expenditure for the fiscal year 2021-2022 will be T.17,603/- crore while the revenue is estimated to be T.15,262/-. .
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Congress women have burnt a portrait of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to protest against the increase in violence against women in the country and the government's inability to curb it. him.
If her husband dies or she divorces him and later marries another man.
“This group has been involved in smuggling foreign terrorists, smuggling drugs and ammunition and committing violence in the Union Territory of Jammu & Kashmir,” he said. Rai in reply to a question by BJP MP Sushil Kumar Modi.
Because the spirit of wickedness destroys the life of man.
Jatin Karbar of Guargoan won the Popping competition.
Dr Phervision Nongtdu, son of Misdress Nongtdu, is also the Principal of Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat, the first college in East Jaintia Hills District. He was also a scholar, who was interested in literature and who had a desire to improve education in the area.
“The letter of approval from the Syiem of Mylliem Hima has reached the KHADC since 22nd October, 2019,” said the Dy.CEM. He said that the KHADC will not be stingy with the decision to sell the land in Lokhra under the Sohiong Lyngdohship to the BSF.
This is the reason for the delay in the results of the Board examination, so the students are now finding it difficult to sit for the CUET for higher education,” he said.
The winners were: Sturisha Ryngkhlem, MBOSE- 77.50%, Step by Step Sec.School Wapung.
The fire broke out in the middle of the darkness after the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Ltd turned off its electricity supply at midnight.
In the second half, Onside Sports played hard and passed the ball well with the goal of scoring the first goal and Makrisha Songthiang scored the first goal in the 46th minute. compare.
The rainfall was the highest in Sohra today, with 423.6mm; Today, it was 38.8mm low.
“Did you (Ernest Mawrie) meet me? Or has Dr Mukul met with them? Please ask them.
Leaders of the NPP Jirang Block, including MDC, Bah Victor Rani, while speaking at the ceremony, paid tribute to Bah Sosthenes Sohtun as the MLA elected by the people of Jirang. He also expressed his gratitude that it is only this MLA after 30-35 years that Jirang has experienced many changes in the development of the people in just five years.
This donation is from the MLA scheme, the Special Rural Work Program (SRWP) for the year 2019-2
The Convocation was held at the Auditorium of Synod College where Bah Michael Kharsyntiew, Trustee of Ktiew Trust in London and Social Worker in the State was the chief guest.
On the other hand, the DC of EJH, Bah E Kharmalki, said that it was not his decision to hold a public hearing at Khliehriat near the SC Office but it was the order of the Ministry of Forest and Environment.
God sees the truth, he judged that ancient world in the days of Noah God did not flood the earth for 40 days all living things died. pt.
These are better now.
The Ramew, after having provided everything from the plants, the trees, the shrubs, the insects, the birds, the animals, the wild animals.
As part of the meeting, the Executive Member (EM) of KHADC in charge of Land, Bah Teibor Pathaw, called together the members to meet with the Joint Secretary, Ministry of Land Development. The ADCs were also directed to cooperate with the Directorate of Land Records, Shillong in preparing the proposal and submitting it to the government. through the District Council Affairs (DCA) and to the Planning Department for approval.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma today said that there are 159 students arrested on bail through the BJP Government. Matric or SSLC examination centers from 108 MBoSE centers in the state.
He said the BJP-led government has also set a target to eradicate poverty by 2019 alone to eradicate poverty from 10 crore households.
In 2021, Vigilance had to accept the decision (ii), and there were 4 applicants and Linda Nongkrem won, all 10 years without any complaint.
Speech was delivered by Bah M.Tongper on the special occasion and after that the Rashtriya Ekta Diwas Pledge was read by the Chief Guest.
Smoking cigarettes, marijuana and even smoking is not healthy and also damages the kidneys.
Those who have won the prize please inform by calling this Mobile Number-
They are also rich in omega-3 fatty acids, which are essential for proper brain function.
She said that agriculture is an employment opportunity for the people and said that the IBDLP government program is one of the programs working in this regard.
Shillong: Six persons from Ribhoi District have been tested positive for Covid-19 today, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek said. and 4 cases from East Khasi Hills District.
TITANIC 3 NPP SHEN WILL BE COMPLETED IN
The party, which is the oldest in the country, has only five MLAs in Meghalaya.
On the same day, the office bearers of the group were elected, with Hilarius Lynshiang as President, R. Lawai as General Secretary and M. Lyngdoh as Vice President. along with other members, who are also youths living in these 18 villages from the border area.
“If we get a government that cares about the nation, we will not be dependent on other foreign forces.
When the reporter asked the Pastor, if there is any feeling of the faithful of the church, especially, when the beginning of the celebration of the 175th anniversary, will be next month; The Pastor said that there are those who have their own feelings and there are those who expect that the celebration of the Jubilee will have its own surprise.
When National Highways & Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd.
On this occasion, Samla Everjoy Nongpluh, President of the RBSU, Ri-Bhoi District, said that the RBSU is deeply saddened to see the plight of the tourists, who have to go to the countryside. The cleanliness of these roads and the outdoors by the passengers also affects the cleanliness of the morning along these roads.
On the same day, another incident happened at Moopyllaitsyiar, Khliehtyrshi where a 15 year old girl was raped by a man identified as Deibor Talang (36) since etc.
The order of the department in 2014, has led to the smuggling of fertilizers and farmers are complaining about the price hike.
The State shall have a Government elected by the people in elections which is not understood and discussed, not a President's Rule which shall be implemented by the Central Government through the supervision of the Central Government. of the Governor of the State.
It is learned that the FAO has been dismissed only because he is from Khliehtyrshi but he refused to support him in the 2014 election.
It is exactly like going to thank the Ministers, whether it is on any issue or department, to get assistance or money.
Choudhary's resignation came after the opposition Rashtriya Janata Dal strongly criticized the prime minister for appointing a corrupt man.
In another development, the EJHDFA has announced that the 1st Open to All Veterans Football Tournament will start tomorrow 25th March at Diengshynrum Stadium, Khliehriat.
In 2017-18, the allocation will reach only Rs 9,528 crore.
The BSF shot dead Bah Roningstar Nongkynrih at Mawshun village on the morning of 5th June in his vehicle. The Court of Inquiry headed by a DIG has been set up and within a few days the BSF has arrested three of its members involved in this case. Moni Singh, Head Constable, Sengel Singh and Kdam Kishore.
On the same day, he also visited Chapahati in South West Garo Hills and distributed checks to 41 groups of farmers worth Rs 28 crore.
The AIM also pointed out that the Central Government Guidelines on the implementation of the Covid-19 pandemic have been explained by the Central Government Guidelines.
On the closing day of the festival, Momentos were also distributed to all the Scouts-Guides who won in various competitions and congratulatory speeches were delivered by Dolly Lamare, Unit Leader Jowai Open Unit.
The match on Friday will be between Nangkiew Irat and Mawreng at 4:15 pm.
The BSF seized the goods and handed them over to the Custom Department at Pynursla for further investigation.
There will also be a special prize for the best bulbering vehicle in the competition.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that water is important for any country, but to get clean and safe water is a problem for many people. country.
In the journey of this temporary life, sometimes we forget that we feel like living in this world. but we must not forget that those who live in the house, or those who live in the house, in the end we are no different, for we are all brothers and sisters who live in the house. The Apostle Paul 2 Cor 5:1, “For we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were dissolved, we have a building of God, an house not made with hands; For we have a building of God, an house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens.
No.8787332846.
“I welcome Subramanian Swamy to the BJP,” Rajnath Singh told reporters.
Lord's Mark Biotechka has signed a joint venture with INVEX Health Pvt Ltd for the drug developed by Piramal Life Sciences in India.
The 346 students who received the award include students with disabilities, hearing impaired, blind and children from poor BPL families. but those who have passed well in the Matric and Class XII examinations as well as in the Degrees.
According to the old man, who loves animals, he said that he was able to rescue the animal after he found out that some people from the village have found the animal. After learning of their intention, he asked them to buy the animal for T.500 with the intention of rescuing it but they refused to give it to him. After the price of the animal, the man asked for T.1,000 and the men promised to give away the animal.
The truth is that once we men have chosen a source of love, we should study well, and then get to know our parents or children as a custom to have complete and complete love.
A 4.7 magnitude earthquake struck about 157 km southeast of the Philippine city of Sarangani on Friday.
On the other hand, the DGP said the police department is preparing to send an affidavit to the court on the order of the court to curb the illegal mining and transportation of coal.
The Air Fest is the first time in the North East that the Sarang helicopters have been displayed in Shillong. this is the place to watch them.
However, he insisted that his father should go up to heaven to bring him the moon, so the father obeyed his son along with his friends, and decided to climb up to heaven by using the stairs.
It’s not just a job.
However, in the second half, Mawlai, which should have scored more goals, managed to score only 10 goals in the 57th minute through Donborlang Nongkynrih.
Shillong: The Hingaria Unit of the KSU Khliehriat Circle East Jaintia Hills District today stopped the erection of shiah signs on the India-Bangladesh border.
Margaret was the only athlete from the country to represent the state in the tournament abroad.
In the second half, the SLFC played better and scored two more goals to strengthen the team to win the tournament in Nongstoiñ.
Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu on Tuesday said that education is essential for the eradication of drug abuse in the society.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ma Vincent Pala, expressed his happiness to be able to take part in this special day of the Ri Bhoi Synod, after the opening ceremony of the its own college, which is also one of the shlems to provide training to young people who wish to complete higher education.
Shillong, Naitung 29: Police have arrested a woman identified as Rolin Nongsiej (52) from the Tourist Taxi Stand at Khyndailad at 3:30 pm today.
Kharkongor said that after the counting today, when the EVMs from all the Polling Stations arrived, it was learned that the turnout in 59 constituencies has increased to 85.25% from 75%. which was collected only up to 5 pm on 27 June.
The failure to distribute these school uniforms to the students came after the members of the managing committee and teachers including the headmaster and headmistress of LP & UP, sought assistance, such as Most of the students come from families whose parents are day laborers.
“If we don't do this now, one day these foreigners and authorities will have the opportunity to become leaders in the District Councils or to take away other rights that belong to us. “It's a good idea to have a country,” said the statement.
“I have said that the Organic Mission should not be implemented now but gradually let it go hand in hand with the agriculture system. but they say yes, I say it is enough - it is like forcibly stirring up a tree that has grown until it has fallen completely.
Nongpoh, November 22: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District has decided to distribute jaiñ kup syaid to the poor families. The elders of three villages in Ri Bhoi including Ïewmawlong, Umjarasi and Umsaw Nongkharai at a meeting held at the Dorbar Hall of Iewmawlong.
He said that before the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM), 46 schemes have been allocated T.41.76 lakh and other schemes have been implemented. The tender for Mawkyrwat has reached T.150 crore.
The Sein Raij of Sabahmuswang Village also received a gift.
As soon as she entered the ground floor of Niakha's house, she called out and came out one of Niakha's sons, “Mei mei la wan I Bakha...” Niakha's son called out. come….
“At this meeting, we will discuss how to act in terms of rescue, protection, medical assistance, and other matters,” said the DG. , the police and the public.
She urged them to cooperate with the village authorities, BDOs and the C&RD department. The presence of Sakhi Banks has helped the people in the rural areas who need to raise money.
Who will look after the schools and teach when the teachers have gone on government duty? Who will take the book and follow up or supervise the students? How will the books be completed and who will teach the children to understand, pass well and be polite? This has a positive impact on the students, the syllabuses and the discipline of the schools.
Nongpoh: On Saturday night at 10 pm, robbers suspected to be from Assam, robbed and kidnapped the house of Bah Manason Doloi, who is also the head of the Assam state. Sordar of Warmawsaw Village, Northern Province.
The funeral service for Bah John will be held on the 4th of this month at 1 pm at the Catholic Church in Nongshiliang.
Earlier, Ma Wailadmiki Shylla, while welcoming all those who came to witness the Behdeiñkhlam of the Raij Mukhla, said that in the past, the Behdeiñkhlam was held for the purpose of eradicating the disease. However, Behdeiñkhlam has been completed to drive away the evils of the society.
During this hot and rainy season, it is not only Jowai that is facing problems, but also the neighboring villages from Amlarem Sub Division, Khliehtyrshi, Mukhla, Moodymmai, Nartiang, Sutnga and others. “Others are against the bread,” said the president of the Seinraij Jowai.
The festival was held on Friday last week.
Shillong, March 23: There has been a contest for the PDF ticket from Umroi constituency between Umroi MDC Arbinus Lyngdoh and Mangkara Pathaw, son of former Chief Minister J.D. Beans.
Before the speech by Bah Twinkle Buhphang, the Treasurer of the Dorbar Shnong Umiam, then by the residents and Samla Shnong, in which according to their speech, they said that Bah Twinkle Buhphang, is a Rangbah Shnong who works for the welfare of the village and the allegation by these other groups is completely wrong.
He is one of the Missionaries who has made a great contribution to us as the Khasi Pnar people.
Nongpoh: Hundreds of students from various schools in Ri Bhoi Mihngi have participated in the Career Guidance Programme, organized by the Ri Bhoi Socio-Economic and Youth Development Society. (RSEYDS), which was held at the ground floor of Little Flower Higher Secondary School, Mawbri, Ri Bhoi.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the safest quarantine period for those who have been in close contact with those infected with Covid-19 should be 28 days.
The Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that the government will soon implement the Umroi airport and run the airport from Umroi to Kolkata or from Kolkata to Umroi as part of the convenience of those who have been stranded. This is Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Donald V Thabah, said that the party will not hesitate to take this step to strongly oppose the visit of the Union Minister to the area, because The union's protest comes after the central government has not listened to or implemented the demand to convert the College of Agriculture into a university. In the past 10 years, even the party has met or even sent a letter to the Union Minister.
The price of cattle feed including heifer feed and milk feed is 2645 tyngka in Khasi Hills and 2758 and 2790 tyngka in Garo Hills.
He said that during his visits to Barcelona, ​​Spain and France in the past two or three days, he visited the homes of Kyllian Mbappe and Lionel Messi, but on this visit he could not even get close because 200 metres. there are guards.
We wish them all the best,” said Bah Hamletson.
Macmillan died shortly afterwards while two of his friends, Ricky Dkhar and Teiborlang Kharbangar, were seriously injured in the incident and six others survived. no to the Forest.
Mukul praised Rajiv by saying that he has been the shaper of the country by introducing the idea of ​​implementing science.
The estimates are not clear that if Meghalaya has 20.30 lakh farmers and if there are only 5 lakh households, then there should be encouragement for farmers, where each farmer The household will use its own synsar and if so, it shows that the need for synsar will be hundreds of thousands of song per annum.
Karnataka Chief Secretary and Congress President DK Shivakumar has requested the Election Commission to order the CM to release Rs 4,663 crore from the National Disaster Response. Fund and additional assistance of T.18,171 crore to the state to provide assistance to the victims of the drought.
“Of course the government helps for the monthly salary which is only T.500 per month and this is not enough for their needs,” said Pale. “We have had to create special assistance in terms of employment and special assistance so that they can be equal like others,” he added.
Twenty persons have been taken to Pynursla Police Station and will be brought to court tomorrow.
Pariat urged the Prime Minister to take action on the issue of school children in the state, saying that since July, August and September this year, the government has not yet 1000 tyngka per month.
The government's decision to pay the four month salary of SSA teachers is commendable but at the same time it should be reminded that the government should no longer wait until it falls. The struggle for salaries should have thought in advance and found ways how to pay the salaries of the teachers every month.
If an appointee belonging to a Scheduled Tribe category was appointed on reservation, ST will be written in column 5.
According to the documents submitted by Bah Lenus, the Mawlai Catholic Church received a donation from the Hima Mylliem on 19th October, 2013 in which a letter of appreciation was signed by Pa. Father Roland Kharkrang, Parish Priest of Immaculate Conception Church, CMC Mawlai, said that the book was received by Father Roland Kharkrang, Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
The Daily Mail reported that satellite imagery showed the work being carried out by China at an area of ​​14,000 square meters above sea level in Galwan, Ladakh.
Meghalaya lost the match after failing to score a penalty in the 85th minute from a shot by captain Hardy Cliff Nongbri.
Shillong, July 11: The Governor's Residence in Tura is one of the projects that the government will complete and inaugurate during the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the State. and is expected to open soon.
Karnataka Governor Vajubhai Vala has sworn in the Chief Minister in the presence of senior BJP leaders. opposite, outside the Raj Bhavan.
The delegation will be led by Bah WK Kharlukhi, MCS, Assistant Commissioner, Jowai in the presence of Iaidbha Phawa, Assistant Research Officer and K. Ryngkhlem Research Assistant from District Planning Department. Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District.
S.Lyngdoh said that for 16 months the employees of MCCL have not received their salaries, have not received overtime payment since 2013, have not been able to increase their salaries since 2018 and the rights of the employees. must be obtained for the welfare of the employees.
He said the government through the Executive Committee of the State Implementation Society SEMAM has accepted the demands of MSSASA to propose the current salary of T.19044 per month for the 5814 thousand Lower Primary School teachers. and T.20493 per month for 6727 thousand Upper Primary Teachers to the Project Approval Board (PAB), MHRD in the Annual Work Plan and Budget 2018-19 of the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan of Meghalaya which has been considered. to be approved on 25th June this year in New Delhi.
“People mine coal and stone because in this state, they own their land,” he said.
David said he does not support Ma Shibun as an individual when he becomes a new leader, but he will support him when he sees the work he will do in the future.
The final will be played on the 29th.
The fact is, we have arrested those involved since that night and we have found that many of those arrested are members of political parties, which I have to conclude by saying, these are political issues.
However, when we look at both the Notifications of the NCTE, it is clear that for the posts of Asst Teachers in Upper Primary Govt Schools, the qualification states that UP teachers must have completed the examination. However, in the advertisement, the Government has removed the word D.El.
Because Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division has become a larger area and the population is increasing.
The match between Khliehmynkrem and Mookyndur ended in a 1-1 draw.
It should also be ensured that these children should have a new life so that they can forget what they have experienced.
The STF has seized a vehicle (RJ11-GB-0508) from Guwahati and seized it at Lumshnong, Meghalaya.
The total amount of money awarded to the 11 players of the state has reached T.12.50 lakh.
However, when they are combined, it is found that the words speak of the same thought that God has spoken in the past and now.
The meeting was attended by the District and Circle Leaders.
In these three years he has not done anything to develop the constituency.
Hamlet said that no village can take the decision to evict the village just because they are looking for the truth on the proper implementation of any scheme.
According to Dr. David Tariang, Medical Superintendent of Robert, these departments of the government have not yet been able to deliver the money remaining in the hospitals. Speaking to Rupang, Dr. Tariang said that the MHIS has owed about T.10 lakh to the MHIS. it is within six months but now for several months the money has not arrived.
Please be free to submit RTI, this is your right,” he said.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Ardent said, “One of the leaders of the Sengriewlum said that you have given us only 11 MLAs, how can we talk about the Reservation Policy? The VPP has only 10 MLAs and 11 MLAs have been destroyed. 11 MLAs have been destroyed. We have only 4 MLAs. We don't have MDA II Government. we will not be allowed in these 5 years now".
Here, too, they stayed for a while as in Khatdum, and they grew stronger.
Many of the Rangbah Shnongs, especially those who are far from the city, do not have adequate networks, they find it very difficult to send the attendance of the jobcards because the government has sent them to do it online. The Union urges the government to speed up the work and to do online, provide mobile networks to all the villages and if not, it is better to do it offline.
He said the United Christian Forum (UCF) has spoken out against these unjust acts, which have made them spies and expressed its concern over the humiliation of all Christians.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the police have not yet found any firearms seized by unidentified persons on the 15th of this month. at Mawkynroh Police Outpost.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the truth.
This conference highlights the need to include the customs and practices according to the traditional stories so that writings or any educational materials can be produced for the ECCE to be in line with the National Curriculum Framework (NCF, Oct 2022) and the new Education Policy
Not only that, the group has also sent a statement to the District Council to remove the chairman immediately and if it does not listen to other strong measures will be taken by the Seng Samla of Hima Langrin. Then he urged the youth to go to the Supreme Court to fight against him if they do not accept his rule of law.
At the meeting held at the SP's office, these companies together with the police department decided that the users of the Sim Card should apply with the photographs of the applicant and the photo should have a signature that will have to be signed before being sent to the companies.
Therefore, the FKJGP and KSU leaders in Sohra and Shella will soon convene a meeting of all the chiefs in Sohra and Shella to discuss this issue and if necessary, to call a public meeting to discuss the issue of violence and urge the rulers who have the spirit to protect the nation.
Once again, the NPP has shown its incompetence against the PDF. Because there is no agreement between the parties in the MDA to contest or cooperate before the 2023 MLA elections, there will always be a conflict. between the parties in the government on the actions and decisions of the MDA government.
There are also villages that do not have a mother's or father's clan.
However, surprisingly, after following up with police from Dimapur and Imphal, they said that they could not find the residence of the SIM card user.
Therefore, there is no shortcoming in the working methods of the relevant department or the government.
These laws will be in addition to the 52 laws sent earlier in discussions with the leaders.
The ARHI Multi Super Specialty Hospital will be managed by Bah AL Hek, Dr Mahamaya Prasad Singh and Dr Sandeep Rai Das. , Dr. Jadunarh Burogohain, Dr. Rubaiya Anam, Dr. Simranjeet Singh, Dr. Firoz Ahmed, Kamal Goyal and Parag Chutiya.
Furthermore, they said that in Vellore they do not give medicine without confirming the disease; you have done a thorough investigation; Then you will be treated, and you will be treated with medicine if necessary.
Shillong: The Special Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be held today.
“As leaders, we cannot just walk away from the people especially this issue is with the youth, in terms of employment, education and this is the members of the Reservation Policy do not need to be updated"
“It is time to work together to plant trees and I would like to remind you that we were the first thousands of years ago, whose government and other countries, understood the importance of the environment.
According to the residents of the village, the robbers who killed the girl may have been many because they said that she was strong and tall and they thought that only one person. a man will not be able to fight her alone.
Police sources said that on receiving information about the incident, they rushed to the Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment, but the victim was rushed to the Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment. Because of the severity of his injuries, he was pronounced dead.
The land customs are the same and the language of all regions belongs to the linguistic family known as Mon-Khmer, excluding others spread throughout East Asia.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The stronghold of the Meghalaya Democratic Party (MDP) in Mawkynrew has collapsed after its leaders decided to join the Congress party.
Similarly, the ANM from Ryngkoh Sub-Centre, Kijuhhi Langstang, who has given birth to 25 women at Ryngkoh Sub-Centre, said that she faces many problems especially during the rainy season. There is no electricity in the Sub Center and there are times when she and Manbhadakani Lyngdoh, who is also the ANM of the Sub Center have to go to the homes of the mothers to give birth. Even in the rain, they walk to help and even in the midst of need, they don't refuse to help the mothers who have given birth in Khahnar, Thuruk and other villages. They also urged them to take better health care measures.
It is worth mentioning that the Congress in Mawkynrew has been in turmoil and many of its members have been in trouble due to these incidents. Bah Drola is right.
However, as it is not yet open, they are not allowed to drive, so in order to transport the goods, they have to have a Mahindra pickup waiting on the other side to deliver the goods to the village, while a Mahindra pickup. The fourth is from Nongstoiñ to deliver goods to the area.
The SP's remarks came after the HNLC called a 36-hour curfew on the day of the arrival of President Pranab Mukherjee.
Professor Munish Tamang said that while these demands have not been received, he will continue to work hard to explain to the Government of India that it should be implemented, because the time has come for them to receive their rights. states on the basis of language and ethnic names.
The DM also urged the public and especially the drivers to be vigilant when driving inside the bridge and that is not to follow closely to each other, but to stay away from each other. one by one, so that the bridge will be safe and avoid accidents.
During her visit to the State in November, the Chairperson of AITC launched the WE Card Scheme which promises to provide financial assistance to women in Meghalaya as an incentive.
Chellakumar said they will strengthen and renew all the working methods of the party and will try to strengthen it from the ground up.
I thank God for protecting us.
S.A.What is Custom? Custom is a custom that changes from time to time.
We cannot do that the invasion of the French in many parts of the world should convert all the people of the world and rule by force with the intention of making One world, one religion', Although the words they speak are the same, the deeds speak and show the same.
The KSU said that in India, the government is mining uranium from the Adivasi, a backward minority group in Jharkhand and Andhra Pradesh. Uranium mining has caused various diseases and this has spread around the world where uranium mining has been done only in low paid areas such as the USA from the Navajo Nation indigenous areas, Aboriginal Australia.
Bah Madonbai Rymbai said that the employees of the Council have faced many difficulties as they have been receiving the right salary since
The inability of Jio Company to provide services to the people especially in the rural areas has affected not only the jobs but also the education of the children especially now that they rely on the internet to complete their jobs and online classes. The spread of COVID-19 in the country and the State.
On the other hand, Bah Ronnie, who is also the MLA of Mylliem, said that the incident at Mahadev Khola should not come back in the form of religious strife or ethnic discrimination.
And the weigh bridge shows w tons.
Shillong, Iaiong 29: After more than three months of protests in 2013, dozens of youths were arrested and many vehicles and houses were burnt down. The 13 Sengbhalang have decided to withdraw from the Inner Line Permit Act.
Furthermore, Bah Lyngdoh said that on 3rd October when they met with the leaders of other political parties, there were about 30 MLAs on their side but at the end of the day, they lost. 3 MLAs and the number of MLAs has dropped to
Income generation should no longer rely solely on government jobs but should develop and improve the skills they have.
The Sister in charge of the Shelter Home was welcomed.
If this is the case, there is no confidence in the price of tobacco while many others complain about the increase in the price of food items such as rice and others.
The BSF has arrested an elderly man identified as Sylbester Kharsyntiew (60) at Nongmynsong, Lumshyiap, Shillong.
"“But the goals and benefits changed immediately after PRIME, the packaging, and the naming.
The question arises here, why does our state have many mynder in all parts of Shillong or even in the rural areas, the main reason is that most of us as young people have the desire to work. that you small you ria.
Earlier, the state government had invited the International Cooperation Agency (GIZ) and Germany to develop the policy.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Jaintia Hills District has sent this statement to the fellow citizens of these areas and all those who live near Assam not to be afraid. and to sit down.
According to the author, Bah Donbok T.Laloo, the erection of these stones at the place where the Leh Niam Ïewduh is performed on the head of Ïewduh was erected by the Syiems and Bakhraw Batri of the Hima Mylliem during the days of during the reign of Meit Syiem and Kyrshap Syiem in the Shillong Hima.
He said that the VPP, as it has expressed from the first day, until now stands firm on the ground that unless the issue of Reservation Policy is discussed, the VPP will not participate in any committee or any group invited by the Government to discuss.
Meanwhile, the young pianists who impressed the audience included Beatles classics, jazz pieces and other songs.
However, the HFU insisted that the assistance should not be provided.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the Leader of the Opposition, Dr Mukul Sangma, has done a good job in visiting the areas. The state government expects that after inspecting these areas, he will come and submit a report to the state government.
He said that in Lalpani there has been a flood of rud wah due to the flooding of the Umngi River but there has been no loss of livestock.
The Dorbar Shnong Lumshatsngi Kench's Trace strongly warns against all those who come to buy and drink kyiad in these places. from the Village or outside the Village, shall be subject to the penalties of the Village Authorities and also to the authorities of the law.
The Joint Action Committee comprising the Union of Lai Shnong Youth Associations and the VDPs have banned the parking of vehicles there during the day or night. also to commit lewd acts in the area.
The Cabinet has approved to introduce a new amendment to the Service Rules of the Meghalaya Civil Defense and Home Guards.
The last date for online application is 17:00 hrs on 5th September 2019.
Referring to the TMC's demand for the immediate suspension of the DGP and the Superintendent of Police of West Garo Hills over the incident that endangered the life of the Prime Minister and others, the Symbud Prime Minister said, “ you can claim all you want but let’s talk about reality.
According to the report, about 550 million people have been exposed to radiation, of which an estimated 205 million live in the most affected areas in an area of ​​100,000 square miles. in the State of Maharashtra).
The PSO, who was inside the vehicle, was cleaning his pistol, but he mistakenly touched it and the pistol exploded and the bullets hit the leg and the front door of the vehicle. too.
Denying that the Congress has insulted him, Process said that this is just an allegation to get a reason and the truth is that the Congress has respected Bah Lapang.
Zenith handed over the check and certificate to Wansuk.
Sanjay said there is a difference between the state's ability to generate electricity and the demand for electricity and this is one of the reasons why the state is facing electricity shortage this time.
No one was injured in the incident, but the Alumuri box was damaged.
This happened on Friday last week.
In those years, if officers/engineers did too much, they could be punished or suspended.
“She said that when Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh came to Bethany Society, she told us that the construction of the footpath will be for the convenience and comfort of the people. There is a lack of physical strength to pass through this place, but now they have decided to give it to the market vendors and how much will this road affect us.
Vincent said MLAs from Garo Hills cannot take part in the program as it is only to welcome the five members who have joined the Congress.
Of course, there are some teachings that are permanent and do not change with time.
He is one of the participants who has been selected to compete for the title of champion.
The statement said that Indian garments and accessories are in high demand in Bangladesh which is the reason for the smuggling of these items to Bangladesh.
The people of the State turn only to the leading Sengbhalang of the State to fight against this problem of the CM.
Avani Lekhara, one of the Paralympic gold medal winners, has been arrested at the World Shooting Para Sports World Cup in Changwon. The athlete of the country has won the Silver medal.
But how can I submit to God's guidance and it will be a problem if I lead my life without God's guidance.
The celebration of Children's Week or Children Sunday was also held on the theme, “From the mouth of children and infants you have established power”. The Book of Psalms 8-2.
The fact is that in various constituencies in the three districts, the NPP party led by Conrad Sangma has lost, which shows that the people of West Khasi Hills have not accepted it. you party.
In another incident, Starday Kharjana lodged a complaint that on 4th June, the body of a man, suspected of being murdered, was found from Thupthup Valley in Weinynsier village. Eastern West Khasi Hills.
Speaking to media, the President of the party, Bah Shanlang Lyngdoh, said that according to the decision taken by the Executive Committee of the party on 9th June One voice to demand that the government should pay the salaries of the employees of the factory until the factory can resume operations as usual, to allow the employees to take the VRS or voluntary retirement as practiced by the previous government until 2017.
He said that these shelters have almost been completed, but there are still some pending projects, which they will be able to complete soon and once completed they will start the school.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 16: Hundreds of ASHAs from all over the district under the banner of the Ri-Bhoi District ASHA Association (RIAA) today took to the streets to hold a rally to demand that the government The ASHAs have also held a meeting at NSCA Pahamsyiem ground before the NSCA Pahamsyiem Stadium to increase their salaries. They will hold a rally.
In North Garo Hills, there are 30 cases and in Ribhoi, there are 65 cases.
These are 50 Meghalaya students who will return on the 7th, 70 on the 8th, 30 on the 9th and 15 on the 10th.
Nongkolew SC player Ebormi Suting scored two goals in the 11th and 49th minutes.
United need to play hard in the derby between the two Manchester clubs in the FA Cup final on July
In the evening, there will be a “per syntu pyllah” dance in which different villages will take part.
Sadly, the child died before the rescue team could reach the scene.
Informing that the price of kyid will continue to decline, the Chief Minister said that the State Government will earn more than T.25 crore in revenue from the implementation of this decision.
Oliver Pale of Oxford FC won the top scorer award, Forlic Dkhar of Kynjai Para-I FC won the best goalkeeper award and Premrose of Kynjai Para-I FC won the best player award. The chief guest on the occasion was Bah Brightstar Chyrmang, MDC in the presence of Treiborlang R Suchen, General Secretary JSU, elders and members of the Sports Committee of Chilliangraij.
“The party will follow the rules and regulations of the party and will also elect the candidates who are sure to win from the MP to MDC elections,” he said.
Furthermore, the union said that after the implementation of the quarry slips, the price of challans has increased to T.3500-T.4000, while before it was only T.2200-T.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 22: The damage caused by the pest to riewhadem last year was severe in West Khasi Hills and this year is the same.
At this meeting, it was decided to conduct the inspection during the peak hour on the 6th of April.
“It is just a misunderstanding of the people to flood their houses and land,” said Dey.
Shillong, Nailar 14: Meghalaya is preparing to hold various festivals starting from 12th March with the aim of promoting tourism in the state by attracting tourists from all over the country. world to attend these festivals.
The Meghalaya Football Association (MSL) is delighted together with the fans, clubs and players to take part in this fourth MSL tournament.
To bring about economic development, it is necessary to have unity as the citizens of the state, because when there is unity and understanding, many development projects can be brought about that the society in the state needs.
Jesus will come again, descend on the Mount of Olives near Jerusalem, and enter through the gates of Jerusalem through the Golden Gate.
Hamletson Dohling said the government will soon start the same project to clean up the Umshyrpi River.
“According to the directive issued by the ECI, the government will take the necessary action because it is the custom that every election has to dismiss the officers in charge and conduct especially the election so that it will not be dismissed. There is nothing wrong with that,” said the Prime Minister.
However, as an MP, he has other greater responsibilities such as protecting the rights of the indigenous people, protecting the ecosystem, water and protecting the rights of the people of Meghalaya. all when we accept development projects.
He said that as the incumbent UDP MLA from Sohiong, Bah Synshar Lyngdoh has promised to speak on this issue, he hopes to speak in these days.
Shillong has lost the opportunity to host the 132nd Durand Cup for the first time due to the lack of stadiums.
He said that he has issued this work order of 4 lakh tyngka for five villages in Phudmuri, which is about 50,000 tyngka for each village.
These proposals are not final but will enable the NEC to carry out its duties in these years until another dorbar sits again to take the appropriate budget, said a government statement from the NEC. The transport, agriculture and electricity sectors received the highest share of 71.26 per cent.
The surroundings of the household or farm should be cleaned immediately on the instructions of the Veterinary Officers/Rapid Response Team (RRT).
Therefore I will show you some of the methods used in this country and in other countries of the world, to make the tobacco leaf suitable for making cigarettes or shrut or to make smoke.
Aircel has been given time to complete all the complaints before 10th June 2018 with clear information to TRAI and TRAI has been directed to provide information to those who have Aircel donations, which have been transferred to other mobile phones, which have started from 1st November 2017 to 10th October
Nawazuddin has not yet responded to his wife's demand.
Paul said the state needs ethnic parties who can unite, where in the past years we have seen the conflict over CAB, which is a trick of the BJP. to seize power in West Bengal, but this Act cannot work in this state, because it does not have a national government.
HANM said that it has received an order from the National Green Tribunal which has issued an order not to damage the environment without permission from the central government, while the DC has authorized and issued NOC to damage the environment. HANM urges the government authorities to suspend the NOC for environmental destruction.
The CCIB found that the District Council issued the NOC under Section 41 of Clause (3) of the Land Acquisition Act but when we look closely, this Act applies only to the 5th Schedule and not to the 6th Schedule.
When you travel, take water with you, not in a plastic bottle.
The union also warned that if it still sees students who have received certificates from MS Toby Dora or Tip Por, it will take another path.
However, Senggamchi scored 10 wide goals.
When asked why they did this, many of them said that because they have now received clarification and understand that the money distributed to them before the elections is only a deception to get votes and not a gift. .
On this occasion, the new church was blessed by Most Rev. Archbishop Bejoy ND Cruze, OMI (Archbishop of Dhaka) and inaugurated by Rev. Fr. James C. Cruze, CSC (Provincial Superior Sacred Heart of Jesus Province).
He also alleged that the Opposition likes to have the opportunity to speak badly about the country.
In the men's category, Cheltis Shylla (Providence School) won the Best Karateka title and Eric B Ryngnga (St Anthony's LP School) won the junior category. ), while in the women's Senior category, Rebekah Nongspung (Providence School) and Emika D Myrthong (BK Bajoria School) won the Junior category.
It is also necessary to plant and cultivate riphin which is a valuable crop by the Department of Agriculture, so that the youth can stay in the village with the knowledge they gain from trainings and workshops.
With regard to the issue of infiltrators/illegal immigrants, (a) there is the Foreigners Act 1986, which includes many provisions and schemes have been introduced to to arrest, remove from the voter list, deport and punish under Section 14 of this Act.
In her affidavit, Chandana said that she has tar items worth T.31,985 and her husband has items worth T.30,3
said the secretary of the unit.
He said it is sad that a man was shot dead recently in Lapalang.
On the other hand, S.Lyngdoh said that the price is 1160 tyngka which means 23 thousand tyngka for 9 tonnes of coal, but the Chalan buyers have to buy 70-75 thousand tyngka. for 9 tonnes and 10 lakh 40 thousand for 19 tonnes of coal.
This was announced by the Chairperson of the SCPCR, Kong Ïamon Syiem in an interview with the media on Friday.
In this regard, the SSNT calls upon the Dorbar Shnongs, Seng Longkmie, Seng Samla Shnong and all the residents to join hands to achieve this demand. said the statement.
“You don't even know that this is India,” said Prabhakar.
Speaking on the occasion, Desmond said that it was Bah Jemino Mawthoh who introduced the water scheme in Nongrah. Nongthymmai Constituency and the implementation of this scheme has amounted to Rs 5.32 crore.
When this happens, who can bail out their evil deeds except the Khasi puriskam about Nongaiksuid and Thlen.
Dr. Ampareen said she was surprised to see that the volunteers receive high salaries.
On the other hand, the Sahep of the department, on receiving a complaint from the Seng, immediately visited these villages and found that the electricity supply is too low and he promised to take action to improve the electricity supply. I don't need tomorrow.
That's just wrong.
“We expect to start talks on the remaining seven dispute sites in July-September,” Sarma told reporters.
The FAO of JHADC has been temporarily suspended and an Inquiry Committee has been appointed to protect the FAO.
As part of the ongoing International North East Festival convened by Consul General Ho Chi Minh City in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of External Affairs, Meghalaya and South Asia and especially Vietnam, through the Ministry of Textiles, Trade, Tourism and Craft, Cuisine and the Ministry of Culture represented Meghalaya at this first NE Festival in Vietnam.
He said that there may be a protest in the last months of this year and this will be in consultation with all the parties and in the new year they will start again with a strong protest against the CAA and to demand ILP in the state.
Nongpoh, Nailar 03: Umroi Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Umroi Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, has awarded honors to 47 students who have passed the examination. MBo SE Class X and XII on 31st November, 2014. 32 students have passed Matric or SSLC and 14 students have passed XII or HSSLC. The students of these two grades have achieved 100% pass in the year 2013-1
He said that besides the people and offices of the health department, the Minister in charge, Bah AL Hek has also visited the Dorbar Shnong Mawtharia inside the village.
There is always an opportunity to negotiate and reach a compromise if there is a strong will.
He directed the relevant authorities to expedite the implementation of the projects so that they can be completed on time.
The most focused types of training will be in agriculture, horticulture, flower farming, stone making, food and beverage, textile and others.
This has caused more and more traffic jams because they park without space and this way of driving has also caused danger to the people who walk along the road because these two wheelers are driving straight and don't count on the right side. right.
(b) The KHADC has worked hard to bring the Land Bill 2021 before the public.
As promised, they were also pleased to see the news that the Cabinet on the evening of the 26th of this month has regularized 2447 teachers of LP and UP Schools.
Joshi is the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs, Coal and Mines and MP from Dharwad in Karnataka.
The Government of India has allocated only T.1 crore for the ADCs and this T.1 crore will be for all the 10 District Councils, said the EM Finance of KHADC, Bah Antonio War. According to the budget, it has dropped to T.999 crore from the special allocation.
He congratulated both the teams LAWMALI SC and THUNDER FC on their success, and if there are teams that win, he said you should not be proud, and if you lose you should not lose hope but you should to play well in other tournaments.
That year, during the closure of the dam, Forme and other children went to sum in the river.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 18 cases and these include 12 cases in Pyndengrei.
Shillong, Nailar 5: The Home Minister of Arunachal Pradesh, L Wanglet, has been accused of using rude language against the guards at the Shillong Golf Club.
Ukraine's president this month warned that Russia has its own bases on the Ukrainian border and the country has banned Russians from entering the country. soldiers, that they may enter into this land.
The CDPO also stressed the need for the cooperation of families, NGOs, religious groups and government departments in order to rescue and return those who have strayed to the path of good and peace. He also urged everyone to join hands in the fight against drugs.
He said the PDF will take these discussions to the meeting of all 30 MDCs tomorrow for further discussion.
However, when the youth reached a little higher, suddenly about 10 men came out with weapons and without saying anything they tied him up.
“The UDP has written in its Executive Committee that it will revise the MOU but the NPP claims that it is the best MOU. “The NPP has said that it doesn't work and this government will resolve this with their cooperation,” he said.
The Seng urges the law enforcement authorities not to impose severe punishment on those who commit blood by imprisonment or immediate death.
Education is a sector that should be looked after by the State Government and the Central Government, so the State Government in fact is the key sector to bring about a clear vision, the expectation that there will be no joint implementation between the Central Government and the State Government as intended if the Policy is implemented? By ignoring NEHU, the State Government has forgotten its responsibility for the students and people of Meghalaya and others.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 15: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Umden Circle today lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhyay. Meghalaya and the private land of another Rangbah Shnong at Amphreng Village in Ri-Bhoi District.
Nongpoh: Expressing concern over the lack of attention by the contractor to complete the roads which he should have constructed, the leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (KHAPI) today met with the contractor. Executive Engineer of PWD Nongpoh Division, in order to express their opposition to the contractor, demanded that the EE of PWD should cancel the Work Order. the Contractor shall not be employed.
The meeting also set a goal to provide tika injection to infants and young children living in villages who have never received tika injection.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek, on Tuesday said that it would be good if Sanbor Shullai becomes the State President of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
The Elaka Dorbar shall consist of a Chairman, Secretary, Assistant Secretary and Treasurer.
The Minister said this when asked about the allegation by the President of the Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) Dr DRL Nonglait that the State Government has not sent any letter to the Central Government even after the meeting with the KAS. The Minister said that those who have complained should seek information from the Government and not just complain without grounds, because the Government has sent a letter after meeting with KAS. The State Legislative Assembly has passed a resolution to request the Central Government to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. .
The source said that police have started investigation into the video, and are trying to verify the words heard in the video that the man who walked naked cut himself. with a necklace.
At this meeting, the District Councils were discussed regarding the request of the Central Government to amend the Sixth Schedule which is still with the Parliamentary Standing Committee. The District Councils and the State Government have expressed their unity.
After the Oscars on Sunday, Moscow strongly criticized its authorities and the awarding ceremony for the film about an opposition activist who was imprisoned. prison.
There will be many types of competitions such as Miss & Mr. Pigeon Cherry Blossom Singing Contest, Choir Contest Cost Play and others.
According to the SDO of Pynursla Civil Sub-Division, the body of Bah Krejon Khongjirem was recovered before 8:00 pm and handed over to the police. The post-mortem was conducted at Shillong Civil Hospital.
Among the three injured, two of the passengers of the Bolero Pick-up were seriously injured.
The Behdieñkhlam festival has returned to normal after the outbreak of Covid-19 in the past two years.
After passing the SSLC Examination (Matric), students are eligible to study in various disciplines.
The Government said that up to 14 bridges have collapsed due to the floods and 9 of them are under the supervision of the Border Roads Organization (BRO) while 5 are under the supervision of the State Government.
As part of the training or as part of the information to all drivers and the public to be vigilant while driving or walking on the road, the office of the Superintendent of Police in Ri Bhoi, on Saturday, They also conducted a Road Safety Awareness Program at Umiam and on the same day they also conducted a march of vehicles and bikes from Umiam to Jerobad. At the same time they distributed leaflets to drivers on NH-6
Hopefully, the DTO should also do its duty.
Furthermore, the Disaster Management Act 2005 has enacted an Act along with various regulations on the implementation of safety measures.
Wellborn Syiem scored the second goal for Mawpdang in the 35th minute followed by Garywell Syiem in the second half (52 min).
Today, 715 people have been discharged from hospitals.
Ecclesiastes 7:13.
The total number of cases has risen to 13,262 with 143 deaths and 2 deaths from East Khasi Hills.
However, on the other hand, Mukul did not say whether a committee of inquiry would be set up on the allegations of involvement of politicians and insurgents in the state.
He said that there will be no restriction or restriction on the residents of the state to celebrate this day, but the CoMSO will set up a program to protest the public as part of the celebration. He expressed his regret that although the state has turned 49 years old, Meghalaya has not had any laws to protect the ethnic groups.
The 2015 pass rate was 94% in all 12 departments, 8 in science and 4 in Arts with 100% pass.
Linda laughed, “It's true that since that day we haven't stopped talking about Bahnah Bapli.
Speaking to reporters at the scene, the elders of the village said that after casting his vote, he was taken back to the hospital. and he was glad that he had done his duty.
I am sorry for the problems raised by the people and the Government has taken care of this problem as every state and every country is facing unemployment,” said Sangma.
Pakistan has expelled Indian Ambassador to Islamabad Ajay Bisaria and summoned its Ambassador to Delhi over Kashmir.
This bridge has served the people for decades and connects many villages.
Feel over the pointers I brought up.
Shillong, March 12: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Tuesday decided to march to the Main Secretariat and the residence of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to lay flowers as a sign of protest. Protest against the inability of the State Government to suspend those involved and those who ordered the firing of tear gas at the dismissed Contract School Teachers who went to the Main Secretariat with them. on the 6th of this month.
“For example...tomorrow if the Bill is introduced and if the Bill says to release the Schedule Tribes and Schedule Castes of some areas or the North East from “It...we will have to see what is inside it or maybe it can say that the societies that follow the mother-to-mother lineage will be released,” he said.
Also present on the occasion were TMC MDC from Rongrong constituency, Resubelpara candidate Rinaldo K Sangma, TMC Youth Leader and Daddengre constituency candidate Rupa M Marak.
Passers-by who saw the incident rushed to the scene to help the injured and informed the Raliang Out Post Police.
According to the Act, it should be increased every five years, but the government has not done so since
“It is necessary to ensure that there are adequate facilities not only in Shillong but in other parts of the State to have an adequate crematorium to complete the remaining cremation,” said the Court. directive issued on November 22nd.
St Anthony's beat Lady Keane College 53-4
The Meghalaya Editors' and Publishers' Association (MEPA) strongly condemns the arrest of four journalists by the Assam police today (27th November, 2021) at 4 pm.
After Jesus was resurrected, he went to Galilee (Matthew 28:7).
Ram Bahadur Thapa said that this is the law, which has been implemented in India, where Nepalis can become Indian citizens after seven years of marriage. you are from India.
Secondary School Mihmyntdu, Tina Lakiang said that up to 104 children who have graduated from school have continued their education at this school and these are an example for other children and parents to follow to learn to read and write.
This is the first time that such a large scale treatment and multiple tests have been conducted for various diseases using RT-PCR technology. to provide health care through government programmes.
KMSS leader Akhil Gogoi has demanded that the state government should not allow the rally to be held on 17th November 2018 by Bengali Hindu organizations and KMSS. The State Government has been given time before 1st November 2018 to issue a decision on the opposition to the meeting of Bengali Hindu organizations.
Kendriya Vidyalaya Higher Sec School, NEHU Shillong
Dr B Decruse Project Director MACS said that the objective of the Health Camp in collaboration with various government departments is to provide information to the public on the various types of health services provided by the health department. The hospital can provide services to the public from HIV, AIDS, TB, tobacco smoking and other diseases because there are doctors and nurses to look after the patients. The Health Camp will be held at 66 places and villages in Ri-Bhoi District within 20 days.
However, the authorities have denied the allegation of the prisoners saying that there was no bad reputation of the prisoners.
John 1:12 “And he said unto them, Take me up, and cast me forth into the sea; I will be with you; for I know that for my sake this great tempest is upon you.
According to the BERF Act, Mizoram has a lot of land, which is not owned by Assam, but Assam has rejected these land, which is not owned by Mizoram.
Speaking on the love of Tirot Sing Syiem for his country and its people, the Chief Guest invited all those who witnessed this day to commemorate the death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiem. to follow the example and inspiration of the patriotic spirit of Tirot Sing Syiem in his struggle against the British.
Liverpool have moved up to 46 points in the English Premier League so far.
Jowai, Nailar 21: The HiTO Laskeiñ Area today under the leadership of its Secretary Samla Wanbun N Dkhar confirmed the office bearers and members of HITO Laskeiñ Area for the term 2022-2
He said that if there are any political parties in the country, they will be punished according to the law.
These include PWD, PHE, Power, Industries and Commerce, Arts and Culture and other departments.
Regarding the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam, Dr. Celestine said that there should be no dispute-free areas like what happened at Maiphuli Plillangkata where the dispute was over. but he was cast into the lake of fishes.
The General Secretary of the Kur, Ma Goldwin Shadap, read out the history of the Kur and presented a memorandum to the Chief Guest requesting for assistance in the construction of the Museum of the Kur. the King of Latvia.
Elgiva Rynjah, the TMC candidate from North Shillong constituency, did not forgive but slammed the BJP. the BJP which has not done anything in the last five years when the state has been looted by its allies.
“When we follow the example of others, we should not forget our own,” said Babu Chosterfield while talking to Rupang on how he feels about the quality of the traditional Khasi music in these days. beh the lyer from others.
In fact, testing or examination of cattle is especially necessary for those who intend to slaughter meat for human consumption.
The counting of votes for the Delhi Assembly elections is underway and the Aam Admi Party (AAP) has won 55 constituencies. The BJP has won 15 constituencies.
Samla Comingstar also urged the students of the state and the nation especially the elders and intellectuals to stand against this scheme to benefit the indigenous students.
“The operation of JNNURM vehicles should be sustainable and serve the people, not just temporarily,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
“The people of the state should witness and confirm that the bloodthirsty policemen involved in taking innocent lives should be handed over to the Meghalaya High Court for a fair trial especially after the police have been arrested. lodge a complaint,” said Mr. Adelbert Nongrum.
“According to the Trading Regulation Act, 1954, the Dorbar Shnong has an important role in overseeing the trade in the state.
The soul is filled with the knowledge of him.
The final match was played between Iewpomtiah Sports Social and Cultural Club against Mawpynthaw. The tournament was attended by sports clubs from the surrounding area of ​​Nongkrem. In the final match between the two teams, Iewpomtiah beat Mawpynthaw 3-0
The order from the Ministry of Home Affairs said that the Government of India feels that it still needs to include Nagaland in the Act, as it is still in a state of emergency. There is no danger and the implementation by the military forces has to continue.
The march will start from Ialong Park to Tuberkmai via Pynthor Langtein while the motorcycle ride will start from Khliehriat and pass through Rymbai, Borkhat, Huroi, Hinguria and return to Khliehriat.
The feast was held on Thursday and the people who ate the feast started getting sick on Saturday morning. More than 40 people, including the elderly, women, youth and children, have been diagnosed with the disease.
Article 1 states, "India, or Bharat, shall be a Union of States"
He said that the party has not asked for clarification in writing, but has tried to ask for clarification from him by calling him to the table of discussion, but in the discussion it has not reached anywhere. to the leaders of the party that they can do whatever they want.
Not only that, the illegal operation of office work by Dalals has deprived the rights of many young job seekers who have completed various education and training.
This is just a mistake because the video has gone viral.
Another reason he gave was that the Jhalupara Police Outpost which now looks from Jahalupara to Mylliem and this Police Out Post which now has a police outpost makes it difficult for the people to leave at night. it's outside.
This is what has been discovered and discovered over the years.
Telangana has been in existence for nine years and in these nine years, the income of the state has increased significantly compared to that of Andhra Pradesh. , which also divided Telangana.
It also requested the government to allow the pilgrims to visit the lost city of Dwarka which has fallen into the sea.
The DC announced that the rules of using the tricolor flag of India should be followed according to the Flag Code.
The UPF was formed by a group seen as an attempt to prevent the UDP from taking over the government and came into being after the sudden death of Dr Donkupar Roy recently.
This is the first book in which the author has contributed to the literature of Hynniewtrep.
The absence of the village leaders from Mukroh village to meet the Chief Minister of Meghalaya recently has also raised doubts about the attitude of the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP on the border issue.
“We found that there is no blood bank in almost all the government health centers in the district headquarters.
The public has been told by the police and they have one appearance like those who are concerned about the issues inside another appearance, why do they forget the ILP?”.
He said that some people say that a candidate is only one who has money and he agrees with that but if you get a candidate who has money and who has the spirit to help, it is a plus point. no one should blame anyone or cause misunderstanding.
Because it relies heavily on tourism income, farmers in Meghalaya have suffered from the decline in demand for their agricultural products due to the suspension of tourism activities due to the curfew.
Shillong, March 4: The night curfew of the Sengbhalang which started on 1st March will end tomorrow morning at 5 pm. The three days of curfew have been implemented well in the state as the roads have been closed during the curfew hours.
On 10th November 1968, (L) Eric Bremly led the NVDA from Mawkhar Circle to blockade the office of the Assam Secretariat at that time as a sign of demand for the release of the Assam Secretariat. Your state is from Assam.
The Safety Week program is also to raise awareness among all the workers working in the shun quarries to be vigilant to avoid injuries.
He said that when the Khaddar rule, when the mothers started to learn, they started to take part in the social welfare and for that reason in every Dorbar Shnong they There are those women's organizations which participate together with the Dorbar Shnongs to discuss issues related to the community.
The Dorbar has sent a letter to the BJP in Delhi and Meghalaya but no response has been received from the ruling party in Delhi.
Earlier, the meeting was welcomed by Bah S. Najiar, Executive Engineer, PHE, Mawkyrwat Division and Bah R. Nongdkhar, SDO, PHE Mawkyrwat Division.
It is worth mentioning that with the joint efforts of all the political parties and the people, it will show the unity of the Jaitbynriew in the fight against any forces and laws that affect the life and death of the country. Forwardman Nongrem, President KSU, South West Khasi Hills District, while speaking at the meeting, said, “We will never allow the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) to be violated. The Government of India through the BJP-led Government will implement any laws that affect the minorities like Meghalaya and also those that affect the people, and not only that we will be the pillars. If the government brings the law, it will be punished.
Akhi has been in jail since 2019 and has 52 complaints against him. He is contesting elections from jail by writing a few letters to his voters.
)The tournament will start at 10 pm on the 21st and 22nd for the first round and others and the final will be held on the 28th November
There were also students of USTM, including Diki N Marak, MCom 2nd semester and Sumon Dey, BSO 1st semester, who expressed the same concern. The residents of Killing area, said that as students, every time we go to college, we have to carry a cloth to cover our face to protect us from the pum pum.
The Seng urges the village leaders to be vigilant against such unconfirmed persons, who have smuggled into the villages.
“On the Gaming Act, there will be as decided by the government and the government will not repeal this act, because these acts are for the purpose of regulating online gaming ( Jackpot parlour) which have not been regulated for 25 years now and it is necessary to introduce laws and rules, so that the regulation of such activities, whether online or offline.
Other candidates from Nongstoiñ include Diosstarness Jyndiang, BJP candidate, who received 253 votes, UDP candidate Polestar Nongsiej who received 7505 votes, UDP candidate Polestar Nongsiej who received 7505 votes. TMC candidate Macmillan Kharbani got 1091 votes, HSPDP candidate Sanjied Kynsai Shangrit got 1390 votes, VPP candidate Bobby B Kharchandi got 3755 votes, independent candidate Steinbinel Wanniang got 209 votes. NOTA received 95 votes.
Some of the elders who attended the meeting, but who did not want to be named, said that the meeting was called by Bah Pynshngaiñ to discuss the formation of a new party – the PDF. The meeting has not yet taken a final decision, although 80% of the parties have agreed to form the new party.
Although various churches and organizations have condemned the Jingieh Khunrei, but this Jingput turoi has not reached anywhere without legal protection.
“Thank you very much to the women who are the heart of the community, who are hardworking, who are involved in the economy, in education, in the service of God and many others.
The couple, who had received a wife, were very angry, when their only son, could not give them children and these things, that they were in great distress in their old age. .
East Shillong constituency is still the stronghold of the Congress party, he said. He recalled that when his father contested the election, they wanted to introduce the Congress party to the people. Not the name of that candidate and the strength of the Congress in this area is that the people love the party first.
We invite ourselves, not for the sake of humanity, but for the love of our own possessions.
“In other states there are tourist police but here we will set up tourist bodies to look after and provide security to the visitors,” he said.
“Police also alleged that the use of bombs was because the teachers had called and led the Sengbhalang and there was a stir by alleging that some people started using force against the teachers. police on that day,” said Bah Birbor.
The Collector (Deputy Commissioner) has read the letter more clearly,” she said.
It was also decided to work with NGOs inside and outside the State as well; and to urge the leaders especially the Prime Minister to take a resolution to demand from the Government of India to include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution.
The Club invites teams or individuals to the Penalty Shootout.
All schools within the district will be open from Monday to Thursday with a reduction in staff.
I am proud that we have been able to hold this Games in a manner that is in line with other states in the country.
Secretary AMS&CA Bah BL Nongbri said that the contractors from this area can prove that they are more skilled in the way of working even those who are from abroad if they get the opportunity to participate in these. project.
Referring to the other prizes awarded on the last day, the Nam Best Team of boys and girls was won by Nativity HS School Mawkyrwat.
The death toll in Russia has risen to 313, after 40 deaths yesterday.
“But when the fulness of the time was come, God sent forth his Son, made of a woman, made under the law” (Born under the law of Moses).
“We need to continue to work hard to promote speed skating in Meghalaya,” said Bah Suklang Dkhar.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 25: Several Japanese nationals including MAJ Gen.
They were arrested by the East Jaintia Police for smuggling 66.829 kilos of Ganja in their Mahindra KUV 100 number TR-07-B-0
To the extent that the youths who work hard to get licenses have been shocked and angry, it shows that they have allowed themselves to become their own Trading License.
On 30th July, hundreds of supporters of Danggo held a meeting at Shillong Club and decided to send Danggo to contest from the BJP. Martin M Danggo has followed his supporters to join the BJP and to be in the same party. He was the candidate of the party from Ranikor constituency.
Do you agree? Do you speak Khasi on Facebook, Twitter, Hike, Instagram, Google Plus? We would be pleased to be a member of the English language.
In view of the above facts, we would like to ask the following questions to the Government.
During the visit, they had the opportunity to submit a letter to the District Medical and Health Officer (DMHO) of West Jaintia Hills District Jowai on the grounds of requesting the Office in charge of Health and Family Welfare. to conduct a random test in Nangbah village and also to assist in the provision of several Thermal Scanners through the PHC in Nangbah village as part of making it easier to check the movement of the villagers. The staff of the PHC and also will assist the COVID 19 Volunteers in the village to check the residents by having such equipment to test the public.
To get the winner and loser decision, the referees took the match to the Tia breaker and it was here that Sabah Muswang won.
Shillong: The Government's launch of local taxis, especially JNNURM buses or Sawhmut buses, has eased and reduced the burden on the people especially those who live on the land. they didn't pay the day.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Balajied Ranee MDC, Village Leaders and other elders from the parents.
When asked whether many people have not yet received the booster dose for Covid-19, and how the government will take action on this issue, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said that the the people shall take it with their own understanding and shall not be forced upon anyone.
All the Khlieh Nongsynshar within the boundary of Mylliem Hima are requested to arrive at the venue before 11 am. The Chief Executive Officer of the KHADC is known as the Council of Traditional Chiefs.
She also expressed her gratitude that Mawlai has received a leader who understands the plight of the people of the area and who is ready to provide assistance in various areas.
Conrad also inaugurated the new building of the school, which was funded by the Tribal Affairs Department, at a cost of T.1 crore.
“Now we need to teach in our own language up to Degree Course and the Khasi language has now grown well and there is no problem for us to teach in Khasi to various subjects up to Class-1 X if the State Government is willing to do so.
The number of cases of COVID-19 in Jowai has increased with 31 people testing positive for COVID-1
The attack on Moirangthem Amit came after several members of the Arambai Tenggol group were arrested by the police in connection with the theft of two vehicles.
It was in the 50th minute of the second half that Karnataka scored the second goal through Shajan Franklin.
However, the surprising thing is that this village has not fallen under any jurisdiction of the village authority so far and the reason, according to information, is due to the lack of action by the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills.
In Assam and Tripura, there are also Panchayats in the northern parts of the country which are more powerful than District Councils.
The Corona Care Centers including St. Aloysius Hospital, Ummulong have set up 32 beds and the hostels of Kiang Nangbah Govt College, Jowai have set up 70 beds.
On the other hand, the MLA, who has won for many years from Pynursla constituency, said that the allegation that the sub-division has not been able to function properly is because there are still many jobs or departments that have to be done. improve and develop from time to time.
Processing -Apart from these four main issues mentioned above, I would like to put forward another issue that farmers should think again and that is processing or production. many kinds of nutrients in whatever agricultural products you have the opportunity for.
A National Party MLA has challenged the National Party to identify which of the National Party leaders has been able to take over the post of Prime Minister if the people allow them in
“We have lost confidence in the MBoSE because of the constant theft of questions.
The office has released the names of the recipients in October, 2013 and these three persons have not been named but in the RTI received by the KDA, there is their name, which has been used, while the names of these three persons have been used. the money is not given.
“If Pynshngaiñ is the first to issue NOC, I will be the first to bring NC, let's see how many ingkhong shyllangmat will be issued. support him,” said Adelbert Nongrum.
“We have not received any order from the central government on this, we will see when we receive a letter from the central government,” he said.
The only female Executive Member, Magadalene Sawkmie Mawlong, has been appointed as the Taxation, Information and Technology Department while Rangkynsai Kharbuki has been appointed as the Youth Affairs, Water Resources and Arts Cultures Department.
The club wishes him all the best for his hard work and to promote basketball especially in the State as a whole.
“The union has given the government time to temporarily suspend the director within 10 days and if the government does not listen to this demand, the union will close down the office. Operation of Printing Stationery".
The President of the union, Bah Donbok Dkhar, in his speech, said that the HITO is not involved in politics on this issue but because even the Constitution of the country provides protection to the people to wear uniforms. their roots.
Please send it to the Prime Minister's Office because if you want the work to start we have to start with something.
“On the construction of the building and crossing the border with Assam, Bah Victor Rani said that the KHADC itself has tried to collect information from all the Raid and Village leaders. “It is true that this area still falls under Meghalaya, but the construction of the building by Assam is only an attempt to cross the border,” said Bah Victor Rani.
A family ruled by love is like a house built on rock (Lk 6:47-49) (1) A good Father:- He is a true elder who is responsible for his wife and children who rules with love and provides for his family in every way.
The final will be played between Tariang SC and Umsalait SC on the 1st of June at Pdengshakap.
On that last day of judgment (Revelation 20:12) Jesus will open the two books.
Replying to a question by the Leader of the Opposition Dr Donkupar Roy in the House, Dr Mukul said the government will make arrangements to hold workshops and awareness programs to inform the public. traders the regulations the government enforces regarding the mining and trading of ore.
Furthermore, a Muid of Nit Rabon from Umsalait village was also killed in the blast.
He said the party also demands the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) to prevent the authorities from entering the state.
This is a very complex Act which has taken time to be discussed in the Parliament.
"Priyanka and I are in quarantine and Priyanka has not been infected," Vadra said on his Facebook page.
It is found that almost all those who get married want to get married in the rainy season because the nature allows them to celebrate.
The Director of the 9-lad film, Commander Shangpliang, said that the date of the awards ceremony will be announced.
They have the power to fight cancers and reduce the risk of infection.
The experts who gave the training were Sanatan Das, Dr HH Mohrmen, Merigold Papiah Adolescence Counselor and Sajeki Passah, Editor.
He was admitted for refractory shock, Covid pneumonia, chronic infection and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Meghalaya today turned 47 years old but does not have a proper border with Assam.
The Mawbuh branch was led by Bah Victor Lyngdoh as general secretary and the Tyrso branch was led by Bah Puol Mujai and Bah Linus Mujai in the presence of other members who are the office bearers of the party. .
At the same time, all the Kurs who need Clan Certificate are requested to contact or phone the Rangbah Kur.
Also present on the occasion were Ricky Diengdoh, President, Dip Joyti Phukan, General Secretary, Frankie Nongrum and Treasurer, Robin Kharnarry.
After the saints are gathered, the way of repentance will be closed to everyone and what remains is that they will be thrown into the book of Revelation and there the trumpets will sound. and there shall be great plagues upon the earth, as it is written in the book of Revelation 8:6.
“When there are such protests, the government should immediately call for talks and listen to their concerns, so that it can stop the protests, because the protests of the drivers cause problems to the people themselves. everything"she said.
In the second leg, Lawmali beat Narwan 3-1
In one of the incidents, a 21-year-old poor mother, Tira T Sangma, a high risk mother from Imbegre village in West Garo Hills, had to give birth to her third child at Asanang PHC. This is the first child to be born in the hospital as the other two were born at home with the help of midwives and her mother.
Shillong, July 19: All the animals slaughtered in the state from cows, pigs, goats and others except cows will have to be examined before being slaughtered. The government has been able to open the first meat processing plant in the state at Mawlai Mawiong.
“In my inspection, there are no other hospitals in the districts that have ambulances with adequate equipment and if a person is seriously ill and has to be taken from one hospital to another. “This person could have died on the way, just because there are no basic life support systems in the ambulances,” he said.
Khliehriat, Nailar 28: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) today met with the Deputy Commissioner of EJHD and the officials of Topcem to demand the immediate expulsion of two bar workers. The company has been arrested for allegedly inciting the police to bomb and tied naphang during a rally at Thangskai, EJH on the 24th of this month.
Such incidents of thyrnia happen, but it is sad that it happened suddenly to this woman.
Expressing the leadership position within the UDP as a challenge for the party, Bah Bindo said, “At the time of the formation of the UDP, they did not participate at all, they did not participate at all in politics. they are still just my juniors.
According to the latest news received from the Prime Minister's Office, Sangma left Tura to return to Shillong after the program in West Garo Hills District.
“What kind of man is that who has done this to us...” She asked one by one.
“Iadaw Masi Rong” is different from the 'Iadaw Masi Rong' which is different from the 'Iadaw Masi Rong' which is held as part of the ritual to witness. the good of the seed of the wheat.
Shillong, July 19 : The Media Coordinator of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) Bobeeta Sharma on Friday warned the BJP allies from the NPP and the ethnic parties like the UDP, PDF and HSPDP. , that one day they will be joined by the BJP and that the BJP will take away their place in the politics of the state as it has done in other states of the country.
For those who have a long and far-sighted mind, it is not difficult to find or get the answer, because it is like concluding in the Khasi way to say, "Ba la thoh shun hi Ki Blei" It happened that the French Nongbilat as an Imperial Colonist came to Sohra and laid the foundation stone for the first Khadar rule in Sohra. one) and introduced the Khasi characters (Roman Script) A, B, K, D and so on until he established the "Sohra Ktien" as the Khasi language and can be said here as a Local Language (Dialect) which will enable us to understand each other in the administration of employment related to the Khadar administration etc. in this country.
Therefore, the department has directed the public to know what they should do and what they should not do to avoid the spread of the disease.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 28: The government has encouraged the public to plant soh trees, especially sohplom and sohñiamtra, because when the trees are ripe and ripe they are not suitable for eating, said the Government. M.Parïong is one of the farmers of Rambrai.
Meghalaya beat Delhi 1-0 in the quarterfinals and reached the quarterfinals by beating Maharashtra 5-3
But blessed are those who die in Christ during that time of great tribulation.
In fact, Satan has lost his power for more than 2000 years now because Jesus has already redeemed man from Satan, Satan has no right to demand it from man except to if a person does not BELIEVE and a person's unbelief remains in himself without force, because the unbeliever is already defeated.
The members were welcomed by Bah M Kharkrang, Inspector General of Prisons and Jail Officers.
Pala said he still has hope of winning the election as the party has already entered the villages to explain to the people and seek their support.
The prison where Syiem Tirot Singh was imprisoned is now known as the Dhaka Central Jail.
It is also worth mentioning that Bah Michael Warjri, for a while, has appeared as one of the heroes in the state, after he fought hard to prevent the invasion of the Assam border in the village. until the point that this old man was shot by the people, who destroyed his house until it was completely destroyed.
Conrad said the government wants to create another district from East Khasi Hills by looking at other areas on the border with Sohra, such as Mawsynram, Pynursla and other districts. South East Khasi Hills District.
Abhay Negi scored 4/32 while Dipu Sangma scored 2/10 for Sikkim for 69 runs for the loss of four wickets.
Samla Wanteibok Lyngdoh GS HYC West Khasi Hills District, reminded that there are still many things that need to be done despite the hard work in the past 8 years, to address many of the shortcomings of the area and to protect the the Jaitbynriew in the picture.
North Shillong MLA, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that the struggle nowadays is no longer with foreigners, but with fellow citizens. to choose, to cut and to throw away the state so that the nation can live freely.
The residents of Lyngkhat village are agriculturalists and transport their agricultural products to sell to feed their families.
This month alone, BSF troops have seized 49 and 10 smuggled muid.
In the custom of the Khasi, The son is highly respected;
He also won the U-14 Subroto Cup for the school from Nagaland in 2012 among other tournaments.
When people do, they have to think carefully, to ask carefully about the loss and gain, which is free.
In a statement, the Superintendent of Police (City) East Khasi Hills, Bah Vivek Syiem, said that the Rynjah Police Station received a complaint on the 21st of this month regarding the incident. Theft of a Motor Cycle FZ (ML05-J-2756).
Anders Holch Povlsen, a Danish father of four, lost three of his children in the bomb blast in Colombo on Sunday morning.
As a sign of gratitude to the Mission, the Secretary Shnong of Kyndongtuber through Ma Dasumar Shylla blessed the Mission and the staff of the Ashram for their donation to the poor families in the village three times. food items and clothes as assistance during the COVID-19 pandemic from
This was announced by the Union Minister in charge of Development of the North Eastern Region, G. Kishan Reddy in a letter to the Rajya Sabha on 10th November.
Regarding the Umden C&RD Block, the reply of the Minister was that he will look into whether the area has been suitable or not. to get the C&RD Block.
Shillong: Shillong Police have released vehicles from Little Blossom School near Polo Towers to City Hut Dhaba, Police Bazaar and from the same place.
The decision was announced by the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, who said that the most dirty and dirtiest garbage in the surrounding areas of Iewduh, is the liquor shops. many kinds of evils to the Khasi people, and which also destroys our income.
After this, the government prepared the roster but the Court found that the preparation of the roster was slow and unclear.
It should also be explained how the Government spends more than T.6,000 for each Class-XII child up to 25,000 children.
The NNSSCC once again invites all the football fans of the area to come and witness the match between the two teams.
This rapid conversion of community resources into private resources has left many of the poor and needy without even a single house.
The state police department has been misleading regarding the rules of procedure to file fraud cases against members of the party.
The good seed that we sow, In great or small efforts, When we begin to receive many blessings, The step also comes after the dark night.
There is no life on earth, Sometimes it comes, sometimes it goes.
I also condemn the Christians who disobey the government, who hold church services every Sunday and say, “The church and the government have nothing to do,” while the money they collect has a picture of Mahatma Gandhi. .
Referring to the opening of schools in the state, the Minister of Education, Ma Lakmen Rymbui, said that the Meghalaya government has made preparations for the opening of schools, but it will have to to follow the announcements and regulations of the Central Government regarding the opening of schools.
Shortly after the Enforcement raided, the reporter went back to these areas in the morning and found that the roads were covered with snow.
In the petition, the union said that it is the Shillong Municipal Board that has not been able to monitor and inspect from time to time that this place has become a haven for drug addicts. and until it became a brothel.
The BJP will not nominate a candidate for the Tura constituency, but will nominate a candidate for the Selsella MLA constituency.
Out of the 2,367 cases, East Khasi Hills has 1,649 cases including 35 Armed Forces personnel and 1,614 civilians. There are 25 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 327 cases including 49 Armed Forces and 278 civilians. There are 169 cases in Hills District including 35 cases from Armed Forces and 134 cases from civilians. There are 22 cases in North Garo Hills district.
“The party will conduct the registration of members in the party, so that we can form a mandal for the 2023 election,” said Earnest Mawrie. He said that in the 2023 election, the BJP will not have any alliance with other parties and will contest the election alone, as it is a national party.
In India, there have been cases in Mumbai, Mohali, Ujjain and Delhi, but it has not been confirmed whether they have been infected.
They chanted 'No ILP, No Rest' and 'Down down Mukul'
They will hold another meeting on November 6 and will hold a three-day meeting in Shillong.
On the other hand, Bah Ardent said that the corruption and corruption within MeECL is the reason why the department has lost its electricity generation and this has led to the collapse of the MeECL. to purchase electricity from companies including NEEPCO and others.
A film was also shown on the projects of the Government of India such as Village Electrification and Household Connections and upcoming schemes.
Shillong, November 9: The Agriculture Center, West Khasi Hills will hold a Sohphlang and Nei Show on the 14th of this month at Pyndengumiong, Mairang. Sing Memorial Hall,Pyndengumiong, Mairang C&RD Block.
This will unite the Paid Khasi to escape from the scattering, the oppression, as the old man Jit Roy (bam kwai ha dwar u Blei) said in the Seng Khasi hymn book.
When the public goes to the DTO office, most of the time it is the brokers who are in charge of pretending to be office workers.
It should be turned over to law enforcement personnel.
Mawkyrwat, July 07: The 3rd Mawkyrwat Great Marathon was held at Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Maharam Government Higher Secondary School. The chief guest on the occasion was Bah Ehbok Syiemlieh, PTI, DSO.
He said that after meeting with the CEM, we requested him to put their signatures to show that there is a majority.
But what shall be done unto them that have no strength? Please encourage all these doctors to take them as healers and not as robbers or enemies.
After a while, they threw stones at the houses of the UDP supporters.
Meghalaya's team for the semi final against Mizoram includes Abhishek Kumar, Ab Hishek Gupta, Agreas Cham Cham Sangma, Badonnam J Mylliemngap, Bipin Kumar Ray, Joy Deepan Deb and Kevin Sanjeev. Christo Pher (C), Kush Agarwal, Manish Sharma (VC), Mrityun jay Bharali (WK), Nishanta Chakra borty, PM San thosh, Sudhir Sahani, Swastic Chettri, Wankit lang Nongpluh.
He said another reason is that the Congress-led government does not want to curb corruption by not implementing the Lokayukta. “It's leader Bah RV Lyngdoh has thrown away the stone which he admitted to be uranium at a public meeting held in recent years,” said Bah Peter J Lawai.
The Federation has called for this public meeting in preparation for strong protests in the future if the government remains silent to implement the demands to increase the deficit of all schools. adhoc in the whole of Meghalaya.
Furthermore, after the incident, the District authorities tried to stop the incident, but could not succeed, as the crowd was very crowded and there was also a stone throwing. The stone throwing stopped after the residents realized that there were children and young children in the area.
To commemorate this hero, the KSU has erected a monument at the PWD site near the Civil Hospital, Shillong and it will take two months to complete the monument.
The demands of these organizations are to increase the price of petrol and diesel in the state as well as the price of commercial vehicles. and especially to those who earn their living by earning morning and evening meals.
The players include four boys and five girls, Pratham Majumdar, Mewanpyntngen Shadap, Akshit Upadhyay and Aaron S Momin.
According to the Chief Minister, various political parties in the state have expressed their views on the central government's intention to introduce the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) and have submitted their views to the government.
Ma Chilangki Phawa, the son of the Kur, had met with the Waheh Shnong of Saba to discuss the welfare of the Kur, but was suspected and accused.
Shillong, Naitung 27 : Langsning FC beat Mawkhar Sports Club 3-1 in the final of the first round of the Shillong Premier League on Tuesday at the Third Ground Polo Ground. .
"I don't know how I feel," said the son.
It is also a trick to slander and insult Tirot Singh with the intention that the children of the thousands of Hima and also of different Himas will throw away Tirot Singh and lose respect for him. by using the story as a personal decision and by using the name of his mother as the savior of David Scott in order to impress David Scott and mislead others.
You can also register on the day of the camp before the start.
It will also be a golden opportunity for the opposition to speak at the election polls if the central government has not yet granted these demands.
Speaking to media, Pastor Ïashanborlang Ryntathiang said that the church has a strong belief that it will open the hearts of those who listen to it. it is a song written by the inspiration of God.
Mylliem MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh has already sent his nomination papers to the party on Tuesday to complete the application process.
Shylla said that there will be a faster implementation so that those refugees who have been affected by such incidents will be able to run for this assistance.
“The Symbud Myntri Rangbah's encouragement to the Assam government to bring about development in the border areas of Meghalaya is an irresponsible statement as it allows the Assam government to occupy the land of the state. " he said.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) will hold a meeting to discuss the deterioration of the Pynursla-Dawki road, NH 40 on the 24th November 2023 at the Neng-Gate Hall. He also invited the Village Authorities, Vehicle Owners and others who are concerned about this problem, as the people of the area are facing.
The body was taken to the Civil Hospital, Nongpoh for post mortem.
The CAA is also unconstitutional in the eyes of the Bashemphang.
It is possible that due to lack of rainfall and other delays, the supply of electricity may decrease by not more than 10 per cent of the daily demand,” the High Court said.
Although the raid was surprising, some of the foreigners who received information and closed their shops before the KHADC police came to close their shops. There are also shops that are still open, as the owners have closed their shops before the arrival of the Enforcement Team.
Guwahati: Three persons, including the driver of an ambulance, have tested positive for Covid-19, Himanta Biswa Sarma, Health Minister of Assam, today said.
In June last year, China imposed sanctions on the two companies for sending weapons worth about $100 million to Taiwan.
Other states also have their own customs and language but among all the nine states, Meghalaya is the most famous state with the ethnic groups living in the country. Even a little bit because the name is Meghalaya while the ethnic groups are Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
On Monday, HYC leaders visited the residence of Bah Ardent M Basaïawmoit to congratulate and encourage him on his struggle to demand that the State Government should review the State Reservation Policy. '.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Bangalore Unit on Thursday informed the Minister in charge of the General Administration Department of the State Government, Rakkam A. Sangma regarding the lack of a Meghalaya House in the city. Bangalore, Karnataka for causing a lot of trouble especially to the students and residents of Meghalaya who go to Karnataka for poor work.
The CID has said that they will arrest CM Jha after the Supreme Court rejected Jha's bail application,” the newspaper said.
The meeting also expressed the determination of Bethany Hospital to continue to uphold the vision and aspirations of the founder of the hospital, Dr Sailo.
At the same time, the union strongly warns the land buyers against the army and they should immediately stop doing such activities which affect the people and if they continue to seek land, the union will not hesitate to punish the army. with a strong warning so that they will stop and end the unjust robbery.
“I promise you that I have never discriminated against anyone in my work.
According to Section 14A, it is compulsory for all Indian citizens to register their names in the National Register of Indian Citizens (NRIC) of the Citizenship Act
“We don't know the arrival of development projects, but it doesn't mean that we should just stop developing and one day we will lose our right to ownership.
Seven persons have been arrested including Joseph Hmar (25), (2) Vanlalzom (40), (3) Kimi Hmar (32) (4) Ka.
He also received the Himalaya Wood Badge, the highest award for any Scout of India in
The Deputy Commissioner (Excise) of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat has announced a dry day for three days in three places due to the election of Dolloi in Rymbai District.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the village authority has been complaining to the government from time to time but the government has not listened to them. The village authority has to take responsibility for its own maintenance.
“If the bill is passed by both houses of Parliament, then the US government should cut off all relations with Home Minister Amit Shah and other leaders involved in the pass this law,” said the commission.
Speakers on the occasion included Chobin J. Sangma, Rangbah Shnong of Chibra, Monu Arengh from Nagrabil, Bosco Nongrum from Umlathu and Rikumuni Marak, one of the leaders of the Garo people. He expressed his deep sorrow over the relocation of the road, saying that if the road passes from the surveyed area, it will benefit many villages, but if it passes from What is currently planned will benefit only two villages in the area.
There are 74 recoveries today.
William Sangma, former Chief Minister of Meghalaya in 1971 to set up the Jai Bangla Office during the independence struggle.
The Apostle Paul's time as a servant of God would end because of his age, so he said, “I have fought the good fight, I have finished the race, I have kept the faith. " 2 Timothy 4:7
Then the Dkhars came, we just picked them up, threw them here, they came by boat, and we lived well with the Dkhars.
At present, the NHAI has not repaired the road connecting Barak Valley, Manipur, Assam and Tripura. (dusty) especially for children.
Replying to the allegation that the UDP has offered ticket to the Pastor and he refused, the Pastor said he had no knowledge of the ticket offer. The pastor said that all these are the mistakes of Bah Paul.
Pariat said he has received accurate information that the PHE Electrical Division has been moved to Shangpung, the Central Division will be moved to Nartiang and the DC office will be moved to Wahiajer.
Drew has also starred in films such as E.T.The Extra-Terrestrial, Charlie's Angels, Scream and The Wedding Singer and since 2020 she has been the host of The Drew Barrymore Show.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, in her expression of regret, said that the blood donation rate in Meghalaya is very low as it reaches only 18 percent in the state. compared to 100 percent of the national average.
Shillong, Lber 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday attended the CM Elevate Conclave, 2024 held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
He said the state has reached 20th position in GDP within the last five years.
However, Panah did not listen to her words.
That time, it's close.
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss the Lineage Bill of KHADC which has been sent back to the Governor for further consideration.
When the officials of the company saw that the driver did not come home, they tried to call him, but they could not say anything because the phone was locked.
Without any proof, they have been forced to give counseling to these women,” the Commission said.
Shillong: Opposition Leader Mukul Sangma and his wife Dikanchi D Shira have tested positive for covid-1
India will face Australia in the WTC Final at the Lord's Stadium in London starting on the 7th of next month.
There are 159 cases, 112 cases in East Khasi Hills, 102 cases in civilians, 40 cases in West Jaintia Hills and others.
“The Governor has promised to take action to talk to the government on our demand,” he said.
She said that at present, the state is in the process of dealing with the waste from computers and electronic devices.
He added that all these areas under one roof, will meet the needs of the community in expanding their work and empowerment.
Basan said that cooperation is essential for the development of the country and that unity and cooperation can achieve the goal.
“According to the Meghalaya Language Act, Khasi and Garo have been recognized as the associate official languages, so KAS wants to recognize the Khasi language as the official language in the state,” he said. He added that there is no need to have more than one official language in the state.
According to police sources, the VDPs of the village arrested the Bangladeshis at 9 pm.
“I don't want to say anything on the opposition from Meghalaya, because it will be the duty of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to curb this, but regarding the opposition from Assam, we The Assam Civil Society has formed a full Government.
In many incidents, a farmer from Punjab has traveled to Delhi with a backward gear as a sign to the Indian government not to withdraw its Farmers Act.
Civil society organizations, Government authorities, Village Authorities can organize various sports activities in their respective villages and this will help our youth to avoid the evils of alcohol, cigarettes and tobacco. drok that is spread by shisha in these days.
Speaking to reporters, Thongni said that he joined the NPP after being betrayed and insulted by the MLA of the area, Kimfa Sidney Marbaniang. The joining of the Congress leader to the NPP was held at his residence in Siejlieh.
Then it was also seen that the people came together to sing, dance, ride on vehicles, dance and shout with the call to vote for their candidates.
Apart from the medals and trophies, only the winner will win the trophy.
Kokkhai as you have said, myllung soso tham is now preparing for the bhar and the tins will not cause you to suffer if you are tied ei by the Khasi police.
We condemn these robbers involved in these murders,” said the leaders and urged the police department to work hard to curb crime in the district.
Rawalpindi Commissioner Liaquat Ali Chattha has announced that he has resigned from the post.
The Additional SP of East Jaintia Hills, Bah Banraplang Jyrwa, in a statement, said that at about 3:00 pm today, a Santro (AS-06-J-) was hit by a truck. 5971 coming from Assam, was stopped at Damcherra, Umkiang, NH-0
That is why he said he suggested that Indians have the right to live in any part of India and it is up to the legislators.
The Federation of Khasi States through Bah John F Kharshiing Spokesperson sent its condolences to the wife of Bah Chester, Kong Tynraoi Laloo, children and relatives on the death of Bah Chester. The death of Mr. Chester.
These measures can be strengthened through swachhata raths to be located in all public places, markets or crowded places to provide information on the avoidance of plastic and the adoption of other alternatives. from plastics.
He said that the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi has introduced a new Bharatiya approach for a life free from the use of drugs by including all three, AYUSH, agriculture. natural and non-chemical products.
The Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MACS) in collaboration with the District Administration of EJH, the District Medical and Health Officer, EJH and Other government departments have closed their meetings on Saturday at the office of the Dy Commissioner of EJHD in Khliehriat.
Because when we worship God in our homes and alone, we don't need to wear clothes, to wear tai... In our homes we don't worship God.
When contacted by NPP MDCs, they said that they still trust Bah Titos Chyne to be the CEM of KHADC. The US House of Representatives has expressed its desire to appoint a new Speaker of the US House of Representatives soon after Kevin McCarthy was ousted and lost the support of his party. .
While sitting there, he began to dream that if God opened the way for him, he would surely become the owner of this house.
Thus the proverb says – The greater the man, the greater the byrsieh.
Four candidates have applied for ticket from the Congress party, namely Ma Vincent Pala MP, Ma OL Nongtdu, Ma Charles Pyngrope, former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. Shillong, March 15: The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) will hold its General Meeting at Jaintia Hill Region. The meeting will be held on the 19th of this month at Tympang Club, Iawmu Siang, Jowai at 10 pm.
The village strongly condemns those robbers who went to damage these Naka Police, because the police have stationed these Naka in this area, is to prevent accidents and also to bring safety to the pedestrians and especially to the children, as this place is not good for the pedestrians to walk from one side to the other side of the road.
In the 100 m backstroke, Krishnali Doley (01:15.59) of Assam won the gold medal, while Jessica Chanu (01:16.79) of Manipur won the gold medal. Rupa and Adriza Rani Chetia (01:24.73) from Assam won the bronze medal.
According to reports, the Congress party may appear before Bah Pynshngain for his speech and fight against the Prime Minister.
The Minister of Urban Affairs and MLA of Nartiang, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, came to inaugurate the tournament.
The NHAI also submitted its reports to the Meghalaya High Court in April during the hearing on the PIL filed by Kynjaimon Amse.
Begona Gomez and her husband, Pedro, are undergoing home treatment and treatment is in accordance with the latest training, according to a government statement.
As we know that Rida is a bright student and she used to come forward in her studies, some people talk badly about it.
Many of them speak quietly on the street to show that we know how to speak.
The organization has also provided assistance to the family of this child.
He said that on this issue, the party has met to express its concerns to the ministers in charge of various departments, but the government has remained silent.
Shangpung Khliehmuchut will play against Mookyrdup on the 21st of June at 3 pm while Maitchaphrang Mowtyrshiah will face Madankynsaw Mowkyndeng in the semifinal on the 20th of June at 3 pm.
The theme of the competition is “Filling abandoned coal pits with jhep is the best way to improve the environment in Jaintia Hills”. Khliehriat Higher Secondary School, Wapungskur Higher Secondary School, Sutnga Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Tia Chaphrang Higher Secondary School and students of Jaintia Eastern Higher Secondary School, Khliehriat.
The opening ceremony was attended by Dr.C Lyngdoh MLA Umsning as the chief guest and Fr Pius Shadap in the presence of Rangbah Shnong Umsning Proper B, Bah Glory Marweiñ. and Theressa Khonglam, the father and mother of the youth along with their relatives.
The meeting was led by Bah KL Nonglait, President and Bah Enbor Syiemiong, General Secretary of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP). There is no theft, no robbery and no robbery in this area of ​​Mawkyrwat.
Shillong, Lber 19: The General Meeting of the Kur Marbaniang Lai Kpoh Mawsynram was held on 3rd June, 2024 at the Seng Khasi Hall. They include President Klas Marbaniang, Vice President Bostarwel Marbaniang, Vice President Ronjit Marbaniang, General Secretary Bah Ivanlumlang Marbaniang, Assistant Secretary Bah Jeffer June Marbaniang, Assistant Secretary Bah Copperfield Marbaniang and Treasurer Bah Wanlap Marbaniang.
To preserve the traditional music, one of the elders of the village, who is 90 years old, known as Bah Komik Khongjirem, who is one of the founders of the music school, The Sieng Riti Institute, which was first established in
He said that if they have any problems, they can go to court.
The MLAs who were also MDCs at that time and who resigned as MDCs were Stephanson Mukhim (Independent), HDR Lyngdoh (Congress), Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit (HSPDP), Metbah Lyngdoh (UDP); Phlastingwell Pangniang (HSPDP), Sanbor Shullai (NCP), Brolding Nongsiej (UDP).
Excessive concern for anything that affects one's life is a bad habit.
According to the Meteorological Department, the rainfall from 8.30 am to 8.30 pm in Sohra has reached 356.4 mm, while in Shillong, at the same time, it was 0.6mm and in Umiam, it was 0.8mm.
The Court also said that it is not acceptable to repeatedly adjourn the case just because the lawyers are unable to meet the instructions from the relevant government departments.
This is also a golden opportunity for Novak Djokovic to participate and play again at the US Open.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday congratulated the BJP for winning the elections in three states, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Chattisgarh. MLA who has just passed.
Out of the 647 cases, 436 cases have been scheduled for hearing in the National Lok Adalat and these include MACT, bank fraud and other cases.
Meanwhile, a petition has been filed in the Allahabad High Court to stop the NARCO test on the family members of the deceased.
After a long search, police recovered these bullets and a box of bullets hidden in the area at about 3.27 pm.
He said that the book is also available from the Ri Khasi Book Agency, Mawkhar and the New Book Center, Laitumkhrah Beat House, Shillong.
He said that they will be brought before the Parliament during the Dorbar Tlang to demand the Khasi Jaintia state along with other states which have demanded their own states.
According to sources, many patients were injured in the incident and the injured patients were taken to CHC Pynursla but later had to be brought back. They were sent to Shillong for proper treatment.
The Minister said that the VPP is not only political but also ethnically divided.
The state government has taken stingy on this issue, related to the entry of mynder and this has disappointed the people.
In the first leg of the second leg, Newhills beat Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu 2-0 goals. The goals were scored by Iakiru Dkhar. Aiborlang Sumer scored in the 75th minute.
In these days since the completion of the 4-lane road and the completion of the Shillong By-pass road, we don't see that traffic jam on the roads and as the people of the state we should Thank you to the state government and not just to know how to blame or criticize when there are any shortcomings on the part of the government.
However, at the meeting held on January 5, 2023 at Sohra Circuit House, the Chief Minister promised to give districts to the members of the Forum and the Chief Executive Members. Sohra is the headquarters.
The BDO handed over the house to the Village Level Committee which includes all the Rangbah Shnongs and Village Authorities of Sohiong.
All that remains to be completed is the construction of 104 Sub-Zonal Reservoirs in different villages of the 28 villages allocated to receive water from this scheme.
According to her, the permit was signed only by Syiem Latho.
West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills districts alone have a population of 3.54 lakh and 1.25 lakh respectively.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: Sarita Lyngdoh, wife of former Mawlai MLA FS Cajee, on Tuesday supported the National People's Party (NPP) candidate Teiborlang Pathaw.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: U Mawlai MLA, Bah Embhahlang Syiemlieh, on Tuesday said that as a leader, it is not his duty to report to the media that the distribution of shatri, kombor and patlun.
“We feel sorry for the students who have to go to school even in the middle of the rain because as soon as it rains, the whole school is filled with water,” said the teacher.
U lyoh ïong ldui u sdien but in such a blue moment the light has come in the middle of the night and in the middle of the struggle of the children of the country by the visionaries of the country that KAS as the saying goes. K.S.Nongkynrih said that if we see and hear that someone speaks the Khasi language in the market or anywhere else, it proves that it is not only a language but also a voice. The Khasi people are still alive and the Khasi people are still alive in the world.
Jowai: The protest against the appointment of a Pandit at Nartiang Durga Temple, last night, came to an end when a clash broke out between the police and the devotees who gathered inside the temple and on the balcony to block the appointment of a Pandit. Dolloi and Rangbah Shnong to enter the Temple.
Don't be afraid!" Jesus knew your name before you were born.
In short, Sisodia said the Indian government has exported corona vaccines to 93 countries around the world, which can protect themselves from the virus and those who have not. deaths and losses because of this disease.
At the same time, it was also shown that the participation of young boys and girls in this tournament has been a successful tournament although it is still the first time.
We'll see what happens next.
In fact, everything is for the sake of the family, because the devil has taken up residence in the hearts of man to tempt and command him to do his own will, not the will of God.
We must also be clear that if we really want to bring about positive changes we have to start from the homes and villages.
Nongstoiñ: After the success of four tournaments, the New Nongstoin Sports Social & Cultural Club (NNSSCC) is now preparing for the fifth tournament. The 5th NNSSCC Knock Out Football Tournament 2018-19 will be held at New Nongstoiñ Stadium.
Border fencing alone will not be enough.
To mark World Milk Day and the value of milk, the Krishi Vigyan Kendra (KVK) Jaintia Hills has conducted a webinar or online training to train farmers on “Masi Dud” on Tuesday. .
He said that experts on bombs or explosions have arrived at the scene and his office is awaiting the report from these experts. “The SPK Sutnga area is the darkest area and it doesn't allow even the Sengbhalang because it knows that if it allows, all the illegal activities in the area will come to light especially the Dkhars. .
“We don't say that we will oppose the introduction of freight railway in the state if there are opportunities, but so far the government has not shown that it wants to introduce freight railway in the state, but “What we see now is to run the passenger train and not the freight train,” he said.
Shillong: Ka KSU Mairang Circle, under the leadership of General Secretary Samla Yodapmiar L.Mawlong in the presence of Bynther Area Unit leaders and members of the Circle, today evening locked up the Jio house. in Nongbah Bynther after the union has given the company several months to provide the network in the village.
“Recently, the Chief Minister said that there are about 2000 vacancies in the Police Department, but later the Minister of Home Affairs said that there are only 8,000 vacancies. “I just want to ask why it is less than the job of the Prime Minister, whether it is because they have appointed secret jobs or why,” he asked.
In the final match played at the Polo Ground on Tuesday, St. Xaviers failed to tied first and scored 84 runs for the loss of seven wickets in 15 overs.
On the other hand, SP (City) Vivek Syiem said that police are investigating the incident to identify others involved and arrest them.
The tit that they cut is similar to the tit that is eaten.
There have been several groups who have banned Hindu believers from performing religious rituals at Mawjymbuin in Mawsynram.
This Bible is available only as an audio Bible and is available only on mobile phones by downloading it from the Google Playstore.
This happened not only in Ranikor where Martin Danggo has left the NPP to join the BJP but also in Garo Hills where Congress candidate Augustine D Marak has withdrawn from the race. Besides, in East Khasi Hills, the TMC candidate from Pynthorumkhrah, Bah Samborlang Diengdoh, has also left the TMC and decided to contest as an independent candidate.
Shillong, Iaiong 13: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HANM) has found that many foreigners who are Nepalis have now converted to Khasi. In the Mairang area, they turned themselves into the tribes of Syiem, Rani and Kharsyn.
The 21st General Synod of the Eastern Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod will be held at Nangbah Church on the 16th and 17th October
Regarding this incident, the Government of Manipur, on Friday issued an order through Ranjit Singh, Commissioner (Home), saying, “In order to prevent violence in the state, the Governor of The State of Manipur is pleased to authorize the District Magistrates, Sub Divisional Magistrates and all Executive Magistrates/Social Executive Magistrates appointed by the District Magistrates to issue orders to shoot in cases where all means of communication are understood, understood, use of force etc., does not apply at all under the provisions of CrPC 1973 and failure to control the situation".
Isaiah also says of this: “The wilderness and the waterless region will exult, and the desert plain will be joyful and blossom as the saffron.
The meeting was conducted by the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem in the presence of the Executive Member of Market Department, Grace Mary Kharpuri, Executive Member of Development Department, Carness. Leaders from six villages including Mawkhar, Umsohsun, Mission Compound, Wahthapbru, Qualapatty, Riatsamthiah and Wahingdoh, market dwellers, traders' association leaders, district authorities and police were also present.
“We have made it clear that while the talks are ongoing, the invitations for appointment should be suspended and the Government has accepted at the meeting and promised to suspend them.
He praised the contribution of KJDSTA in the provision of education in Khasi and Jaintia Hills for the past 35 years and hoped that it will do more in the coming days.
Police also hoped that the operation of STEMS buses to transport the students will help to relieve the traffic jam.
One of the members of the Executive Committee, Bah Dwastar Marbaniang, said in a statement.
From the shooting death of four Khasi in Langpih, the shooting death of Bah Tyngshain Mukhim in Block II, the shooting death of five Khasi in Mukroh and the recent shooting in Khanduli and Lapangap.
This disease causes the patient to feel restless, difficulty breathing during exercise, chest pain and shortness of breath.
The Sur ki Nongwar Jaintia, which includes the Sengbhalang and the elders of War Jaintia, will hold a rally in Amlarem on the 3rd of November to protest against the shooting death of (L) Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
The original coins were also kept by her plidar and he extorted money from the riewshempap ​​like a bloodthirsty thliem.
There are 50 people who have been treated for mucormycosis and 60 people are still waiting for treatment. They have been admitted to the hospital in the past three months, Savani said. lose your sight.
As part of the commemoration, the Minister distributed two wheelers to several village headmen.
“Since 1972, the issue of developing Shillong has been discussed but until now it has not come to fruition,” he said.
Manas Choudhury, owner of The Shillong Times, Patricia Mukhim, editor of the same newspaper and Jannet Street, who is part of the Clean Up Shillong campaign, also arrived from Shillong.
Chanmi Phawa (14) and Pyrkhatshaphrang Sumer (43) scored for Northmihsngi while Tipmiki Shylla (28) and Lakhon Dkhar (47) scored for Sabahmuswang.
After investigation, Ali was charged to court on July 27, 2014, and the trial began.
However, he said that as soon as differences arise, as soon as differences arise, some people take advantage to form a new political party.
There is no secondary or higher secondary school in Nongtrai.
He said that through this inspection, it was found that there are many students from the state, who are coming from other states of the country. They were advised to stay alone and avoid approaching people or relatives in the area where they live.
The Minister of Finance said that every year, under the PM-KISAN SAMMAN Yojana, 11.8 crore farmers, including low income and small farmers, have been given financial assistance. crop insurance to 4 crore farmers under the PM FasalBimaYojana.
“Furthermore, IDF Chief of Staff Herzi Halevi said that the armed forces must be prepared to face any confrontation when they enter the Gaza Strip.
Regarding this, the spread of posters on social media through WhatsApp by an organization known as Sanmilita Sanatan Samaj in the area has caused concern among many village leaders and residents especially the villagers. Sacred Heart Secondary School Marmaiñ, which has affected the peace and order of the people despite the fact that it is on the border with Assam.
Taking part in the question, Mylliem MDC Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh suggested to the Executive Committee (EC) and the department not to issue permission to build houses in the markhap and rud areas. Hang.
He said that the Seng has found that these coal mining factories are illegal because when they mine coal they produce polluted air and also discharge pollution in the coal mining. The coal mining has affected the health of the villages in the Shahlang area especially the children if they pass through these factories.
The death toll in the United States from the coronavirus has risen to 180,0
The outbreak has reached 38 districts out of 64 districts of Bangladesh in 35 days since the outbreak in the country.
A source from East Jaintia Hills Police said that Lumshnong Police together with the Umkiang Police Outpost conducted a search operation and during the search recovered several vehicles. The trucks covered with tarpaulin were parked at Malidor, near Rattacherra, National Highway. After a thorough investigation, they were found to be illegal coal trucks carrying coal to Barak Valley, Assam. or Karimganj.
The program was held today at the Conference Hall of Civil Hospital Nongpoh in the presence of Dr. TS Momin, District Medical Health Officer, Ri-Bhoi, Dr. D Blah, Addl.DM&HO Ri. NTEP staff, Managers of two private companies treating patients and BSW students of Women's College Shillong.
According to the Ministry of Education, if the State Government approves to increase the salary of all Adhoc teachers from Lower Primary to Higher Secondary by T.18,000, the cost will be T.13 crore. per month and Rs 156 crore per year.
“But it is an opportunity for me to understand the issues and challenges facing the State, and that is why I came here,” he added.
Daniel was charged with sending information to militants in April 2021 and is also suspected of involvement in the bombing of the RAF on 2 July year 2023.
Jowai, Lber 17: Former leaders of the Joint Action Committee (JACJH) on Tuesday visited Psiar village near Block I in West Jaintia Hills. The JACJH was established in 1998 under the leadership of Phidalia Toi.
This reportedly happened while Khan was walking before entering the court.
“We are not afraid of the West Bengal people, but we are afraid of the Khasi people if we contest the MDC elections in 2024,” said the Chief Executive Member (KHADC). King.
Besides congratulating and praising his parents, the Mawhati MLA and former Minister, also extended his special thanks to the people of Mawhati Constituency and the NPP party leaders, who have work hard to win him in the 2018 MLA elections.
Bindo said that the term of office can be extended only if there is an urgent matter in the state, or a financial crisis, but at present there has been no reason. and these rules.
Mihsalan Lyngdoh top scored with 28 runs (21) and Othaniel Lyngdoh Nonglait top scored with 2/12 runs in 3 overs.
The union said that if the MR continues to delay their demands on these issues, they will take steps to hold a massive protest in the coming days. express your requests from time to time.
Shillong: Nassar Marweiñ, MDC of Ranikor constituency from the United Democratic Party (UDP), on Tuesday said that the protest will be attended by members of the FKJGP and KSU. He passed away today, March 28, 2019 at 2 pm at NEIGRIHMS Hospital Shillong.
The union is also shocked to find that Meghna Das has given her residence to Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam.
Chairman of the Advisory Board of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Nongpoh MLA Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh Umsning MLA, Arpit Upadhay Deputy Commissioner of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. -Bhoi District, Dr.P Kharnary DMHO Ri-Bhoi District, officers from various government departments to ensure that all the requirements in these central health centers are met and completed.
The troops, led by Gen DS Ahuja, GOC 101 Area, conducted a patrol at 4.30 pm today in parts of Shillong.
Similarly, Sesame Workshop India has collaborated with the Social Welfare Department to conduct Learn Play Grow in four districts of Meghalaya.
A few days after the opening of the bridge, there was a breakdown and it needed repairs for a few days. truck drivers, especially those who carry food items, such as jhur ki jhel and which cannot be stored for a long time in the vehicle.
The final quarterfinal match will be played tomorrow between PHE and Water Resources.
Police suspect that the robbers who killed the foreigner, used various weapons, because according to the witnesses, the foreigner who was killed, had many signs. mong in many parts of the head and face.
“The State Government should not waste its precious time to implement the MRSSA, 2016 immediately, without making any changes in the original form along with the Central Government for approval. “To implement the ILP in the state,” said Congress Spokesperson Zenith Sangma on Saturday.
MeECL's decision to increase the shortfall to T.60.43 lakh is unfounded and has caused it to lose money.
Declining to announce the name of the candidate, he said the reason why they do not want to announce the name is because there are three candidates who have applied for ticket.
Khliehriat July 19: It is a matter of great concern that many parts of the road in Narpuh area have started to show more signs of collapse and some parts have collapsed. There are signs of collapse on the Kuliang and Ratacherra highways, which has caused panic and fear to the people.
After the second half, Niaw Wasa scored the third goal through Buromlangki Salahe (52').
Ardent said that if the people especially the youth of the community do not come forward to support them, it will put pressure on them as leaders.
As soon as he came out of the wilderness, Jesus began to preach the gospel and called the gospel the message of love.
Regarding the Public Notice issued by the DC of West Jaintia Hills on 19th June 2021, as the residents of the village we regret that there are some orders of the DC which are not suitable for many; .
Lajong will continue their home match against Delhi FC on the 22nd of this month at 2 pm.
When asked whether after the implementation of this Act, the people need to register their land, Bah Titos said it will be up to the people whether they want to register with the District Council. or with the government.
Dr. GE Swett, MO I/C Sohra CHC Sohra, gave a speech on the various schemes provided by the government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for Women as well as on Malaria and how to to protect.
Pala said he does not want to criticize his knowledge and understanding as he has been a long-time politician in the political arena of the state.
Because he has blessed and provided for them.
On the other hand, the Village Leaders and the Seng HITO Leaders after the cleaning of the area, they have issued a strong warning to all those who come to visit the area not to throw garbage in the area. They will arrest and hand over to the law enforcement agencies for further investigation.
Police are investigating the incident and the body of the woman has been sent to the hospital for postmortem.
There is no threat to his health,” said Sunil Raut, Sanjay's brother.
Phawa said that the reason for the rise of the jaitbynriew is due to the lack of attention of the 60 members of the Legislative Assembly.
He said the government has already taken decisions to increase the production of electricity and has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the private companies producing electricity but it has not been successful due to those who have interests. to start the work, they have not started at all due to the difficulties and the government is looking into these areas so that the work can move forward.
The most dead is the city, because it is not enough to eat money.
It's terrible to even think about in what form they could do that.
He said that on the same day, he had sent a letter to the President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee, Bah Vincent H Pala to resign. from the party.
In another incident on Thursday morning, a nar rod truck parked near Umroi Bypass near ICAR suddenly caught fire at 9 pm causing the loss of front parts of the vehicle. the vehicle, especially the driver's seat.
Shillong, Lber 28: The residents of Lawmei village today at 5 pm turned to the KHADC to protest against the suspension of the Rangbah Shnong election by the Syiem Khynnah of Mylliem Hima. this village.
“We have to pay money to the policeman from time to time,” said Sarkar.
The Seng expresses its appreciation and congratulations to the Deputy Commissioners of West Jaintia and West Karbi Anglong together with the Superintendents of Police of West Jaintia and West Karbi Anglong for the initiative of the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam. for the purpose of ending conflict and finding ways and means of peace and that the Jaintia and Karbi peoples can live as brothers and sisters.
When asked for comment on this, Dr Mukul said, “These are the leaders of the world who have no shame.
Therefore, as in 1973, once again the voice of our leaders has been counted.
The Government offers assistance, but it will benefit only a few and not all as Umngot can help everyone in the community.
If we want foreigners not to get jobs or income in these beloved hills, we must surprise people that our people should work for many days. or months and appreciate the work they do or live on, so that the performance of various works can go smoothly without interruption.
The farmers of La Tyrpad in the village have been deeply saddened by the invasion of these insects. This has happened this year and has not happened since the time they planted 'La Tyrpad'
According to Bah Pariat, this department of the state government should improve its working methods so that the people will not face any problems.
The debate was intense and strong because the wise leaders expressed their views and agreements and convinced each other and built a new State.
Those who call upon Him will be given the Spirit and through Him they will be able to fall into the wisdom of God, he said.
(3) To hold working days on Christian holidays:- We have seen in the newspapers that the Government of India has ordered that government employees should also work on special days that Christians celebrate, such as Christmas Day, Good Friday and others.
Let's vote together.
On this occasion, what he wants to understand is whether this death of fish will affect the people if the government authorities can look into the cause of the death of fish in these areas. .
Shillong, Nailur 24: U Bah Jenny Khongwir has lodged a complaint with the police that on 21st November, at 10 pm, he was robbed of a check worth T.1 lakh by a person sent by him. to deposit at the bank in Khyndai Mer, Ri-Bhoi district.
Referring to the Social Sciences questions for 2024, the questions from Social Science I (History and Civics) have not changed much or are very clever except for a few.
On July 7, the Court in an Order informed the Advocate General that the Harijan Panchayat Committee has approved the blueprint prepared by the Government but has mentioned some amendments. so many parts.
There may have been something hidden behind the scenes regarding the blindness of the government in issuing the SOPs regarding Covid-19 in the state.
