On the first point it is not difficult for the Young Man to show that he keeps the Commandments.
Ex.Rev.K.LangrinWe often find that in the churches of Christians these days the worshipers of God worship the Fathers, Pastors and leaders and not God.
Therefore, the group invites all parents who have responsibility for their children who send them to private schools to attend the meeting as scheduled. for the best of intentions.
In another development, police have arrested two HNLC members from Shillong, John Fishal Lyngdoh and Reskin Phawa, and six others. and West Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills, and East Jaintia Hills.
There is no Panchayati Raj because there is no Dorbar Shnong.
We know that Israel or the Jews were a stubborn nation that did not believe in the name of Jesus.
Soldiers are selfless people who are willing to sacrifice their lives for the sake of their people and their country.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation.
He said the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) is concerned about the peace talks and the state government has been able to talk to the central government and it has been confirmed that the peace talks will start and will be held. I'm going to play chess with you.
Today, it is rare to find a Khasi who still believes that his Kur really came from animals and plants.
Shillong: The Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills District, Shillong, will recommend to the State Government, on the need to request the Assam Government, to set up those villages, where the residents of Khasi and Garo villages in the Langpih area should be transferred to Meghalaya.
The union expresses its strong opposition to the manner in which the life of this innocent child was taken.
Rupang has phoned Bah Syiem at the time of writing, but he could not be reached for comment.
The following are the pHs of water samples tested at the Research Station, Jowai and at the Laboratories of the Department of Zoology and Bio-Chemistry, Saint Edmund's College. a) The pH of the water from the Kseh Hills before reaching Pommura (East Khasi Hills) is 6.1, 5.73 and 5.8 (medium) .
He said that Benami is also common and the party supports the KHADC to stop it.
U can’t even fix the problem face by the Garo people n your Garo state it so underdeveloped.
In other states like Tripura, Manipur, Nagaland, Mizoram and Arunachal Pradesh, the Congress has not won.
Through the assistance of AIs, members will be able to speak in their mother tongue, Khasi, Jaintia and Garo in the House,” said the Lamphang.
After a terrible storm struck Orissa.
But he said, “If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy; for the temple of God is holy, which temple ye are. but ye are not" 1 Corinthians 3:1
Scientists say that our body needs at least 7 hours of deep sleep.
Meanwhile, the UDF has decided to send the names of four candidates first and the remaining candidates will be sent later.
At the same time, he asked the people of the area to give their full support to Kong Grace so that she can achieve change in
The names of the Padma Award 2023 winners were announced on the occasion of Republic Day and this year 106 winners have been selected for the prestigious award.
It is worth mentioning that the demolition of the coke factories came after the Meghalaya High Court appealed to the State Government to take action against these factories. this coal mine.
It was after the public hearing that the farmers learned that there are various schemes in the banks allocated for them and also that they can get pensions.
Speaking at the public hearing program before the march, the Division Commander of the Meghalaya Home Guard and Civil Defense Ri Bhoi Division said, “If we love the society and the Ri Bhoi District, we must always say yes, because drugs destroy not only those who are addicted or their relatives but the community, the district and the state as a whole, and because of addiction, the drug user will steal and steal. to satisfy the desires of their hearts.
The PHE water supply scheme has not been available in the village for 48 years since independence.
This has reminded us of the struggle in the North East in the past few years when the Government of India passed the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB).
He said that the tender has a clear stipulation that if the construction is not done according to the plan, the engineers and companies that have received the contract should be punished.
One of the reasons why you don't get it is because you don't have too many cars.
And if you want, vote 6000-7000 votes,” he said, urging the UDP supporters to change while there is still time.
On the allegation that the NPP candidate from Nongpoh is not an intelligent leader and cannot take decisions on her own, the NPP candidate from Nongpoh, said that Kong Macdalyne S Mawlong, is already the leader. These leaders appealed to the people not to be misled by the MDC & EM in KHADC and the allegation of this private person is unfounded and it is only an election campaign. shim kabu eleshon, because they know well what kind of man he is, in which he has often taken part in the elections for the post of village leader but the elections he has fought have been rejected by the people and he has fought in the elections. election MDC we would like to remind the people how many votes he got when he contested.
The desire for glory is of the flesh, it is the lust of the flesh to the extent that the desireer wants others to worship him, and this is the spirit of the Anti Christ.
“Even if a person eats only 30% formalin, it can kill a person, and if you eat formalin-free fish every day, it will remain in your body and Gradually it can affect the organs of the body, especially if it can cause cancer,” she said.
The number of cases in West Bengal has risen to 2,961, in Andhra Pradesh to 2,532 and in Punjab to
They also seized a large quantity of liquor, beer, breezer and 500 unused condoms.
Thus, the blood of the mother is also present in all the nations of the world.
The complaint also alleged that he used to force his wife and children to drink alcohol and then show them pornography and rape them when they disobeyed his orders. The complainant said that he shot and touched them and threatened them with 40 kinds of skits.
The entire Narpuh District has given its support to the factory's plan to expand the mine as well as the entire Lumshnong village.
PWD (Roads) Ranikor Division Roads, S.Kharsahnoh, DSEO and K.Snaitang, District Program Manager (DPM) of DRDA gave a brief explanation through a power point presentation to the participants. implementation of schemes allocated by the government.
We should not forget to thank these Churches for their contribution in many areas of the development of our State.
According to a statement issued on 28-09-2020 by the Directorate of Research, Training and Technology Induction, Shillong, 14 students have been selected to study at the college. Those elected were from other ethnic groups, SC, one seat went to OT, 11 seats went to Khasi-Jaintia and Garo.
In the past, when children were sent to sing or dance in front of their friends, and if they didn't do it because they were ashamed, their parents used to beat them with a stick. or shad and shad only dep,
However, there are some children who have difficulty sleeping well.
In 2018, RS Sasikumar, a former member of the Kerala University Syndicate, filed a complaint against Vijayan and 17 members of the then Cabinet on charges of The National Investigation Agency (NIA) has seized five properties of two members of the Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT).
“A voter should be punished for violating this rule after proving his actions,” he said.
It is understood that the UDP has its own intention to cooperate with the coalition parties in the state government or the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) and if so, the Congress will have to sit on the sidelines. opposite, says the report.
The Jaintia Women's Wing (JWW) has conducted a cleanliness drive in the villages with the participation of the Lumdiengjri Dorbar Shnong, Lama Villa Women's Wing, Qualapatty, Wahthabru, students of BBS College. , school children and North Shillong Development Society.
Although the Assam government has introduced the Assam Healing (Prevention of Evil Practices) Bill, 2024 to prohibit healing in the name of faith or conversion of others, The annual Karbi Anglong Presbyterian Synod will continue this year (2024).
“This is a clear message that it is time for the State Government to take action against the incident in Mukroh as this is not the first time that the residents of the state who live on the border have suffered. “I have been arrested by the Assam Police,” he said.
If anyone destroys his brother, the wrath of God does not overtake him.
In addition, a place should be provided to place a clock at the gate to clean the shoes.
On 24.11.23 it will be held in Mairang Circuit House, on 28.11.23 in East Khasi Hills it will be held at Sohryngkham, Mawkynrew, Nongkrem, Langkyrdem-Laitkroh, Nongshken and Mawsynram constituencies.
He said that many measures were discussed during the meeting especially the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board will take action to fight against the pollution.
The bodies were recovered from Imphal East and West, Churachandpur and Bishenpur.
There are also NPP candidates who are still MLAs who have been promoted to the third position.
On 25th June 2022, the state government has sent the blueprint to relocate 342 Harijan households from ThemiewMawlong to the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB).
“We cannot base that on that, because foreigners who are not Khasi, we cannot allow them to operate without licences,” said Bah Pyniaid.
He finally found one way to get them to dress up, with his angels to go to 'Im' who was a more 'gentle' woman.
However, most of us as human beings want to please our neighbors or friends with polite words, or in some way that our neighbors will be pleased with us, or by giving friends or neighbors gifts, and by doing thus, we think we are making other people happy.
The Coal Mines Special Provision Act was implemented in 2015, which ended decades of corruption and discrimination in the allocation of resources.
Even the High Court of Meghalaya has spoken from time to time about the corruption of the political class,” he said.
And Jesus Christ also has these qualities as God who came in the flesh.
Hey kiw! The village began to stir.
The CBI investigation began with the arrest of Ramesh Kumar, an employee of Shree Gautam Constructions, on Sunday from a hotel in Delhi, along with Rs. .25 lakh.
The report was released on 29th June at the launch of the POCSO Act 2012 translated into Khasi at the Pinewood Hotel Shillong.
Netherlands footballer Memphis Depay has withdrawn from the Nations League Final due to illness. Daley Blind and Tijjani Reijnders have now been included in the squad for the upcoming tournament.
For this purpose, the cooperation of the residents, Dorbar Shnongs, Himas, Shillong Municipality, District Council, Urban Affairs Department and other Line Departments is required.
The gold seized on that day had a purity of 999.0 grams and weighed 1.92 kilos.
After the blast, the troops closed the entrance gate to their camp at Lichubari.
“The Chairman of the Publicity Committee, Bah Banteilang Rummnong, said that this year it is expected that tens of thousands of dancers from all over the country will attend.
Adults should assist children with care and attention and ensure that the rights of the child are reached.
“Open the house " there was a voice calling.
It is difficult but the government will not say no, let us all work hard”.
“November 10 is a special day known as World Human Rights Day” but the Indian government has violated the rights of the people of the North East.
The shooting in Mookhep, took place on 24th November 2014, in which two people were killed, during a protest against the ban on coal mining in Jaintia Hills.
He urged the Congress members to unite to fight against the Modi government if there is any attack against the Congress party and its leaders.
The Lapangap Dorbar Shnong together with the KSU, FKJGP and JSM have decided to allow Assam to construct the road from Tahpat, Langkeroi and Lapangap if Assam does not complete the construction of the road from Lapangap to Khanduli. and came to suspend the construction of the road by the residents of Lapangap on Friday.
On the part of Goa Sports Minister, Govind Gaude, he expressed the importance of the tournament, saying, “The 37th National Games is not just a tournament; it is an opportunity to develop players across india.
Maybe it was just a trip around the world.
Snepkor water has the power to fight against diseases that can cause tuberculosis, AIDS and can also control the increase or decrease in blood pressure and can also reduce the risk of chronic disease.
The students said that the Tenancy Bill, which has been prepared by the government to curb the influx of foreigners, does not contain any provision to restrict the entry of foreigners, but it allows foreigners. I don't want to stay here.
After passing class VIII, he was sent for training to repair mobile phones.
This is evident from the following article about the Hima Khyrim and the people of Dalloi Darrang who lived in Pdengshnong (near Dawki).
An earthquake has claimed the life of a child in Lower Lungchok under Maneybong-Dentam constituency in West Sikkim.
The TOTAL CURFEW will start from 8 pm on the 20th of January to 5 pm on the 31st of this month.
Dkhar said that besides the development works which the government has already completed, there are also new works which he has requested the government to implement for the construction of a Residential School in the village. The Nongstoin-Maweit road will continue from 23 kilometers to Maweit, Mawmarin, Porkhadoh, Sdaddkhar to Nongjri, so that the people can travel easily.
Brazil's health ministry said 26,051 new cases had been reported in the past 24 hours, bringing the total to 1,603,0
After receiving the complaint, South West Garo Hills Police immediately conducted a search operation and arrested three persons identified as Walseng A Sangma, Rakkam. M Sangma and Mr. Marak.
In a statement, the Chairman of the MTDF, Bah Larsing Sawyan, said, “It is necessary to restore the trust of the people in the authorities in charge of peace and order by ensuring that those who cause trouble should not escape. I'm in the hands of the law.
It is on this basis that the union has taken the decision to hold a sit-in protest with a request to all the candidates who are waiting for the results, the union groups and parents who are concerned about the future of their children. They should come out and join hands on that day so that the government can hear and listen to the demand for the release of the DSC results which have been written for the examination since the year 2021-2
Betterly Sariang scored 2' & 34', Longshisha Syrpuh' 42', Ewanmida's Langstang' 73' and Vishal Shadong'
Nongpoh: To mark the International Day Against Drugs and Illicit Trafficking, the Ri Bhoi Police today held a program to explain the dangers of drugs in the country. Umiam, Umsning and Nongpoh.
While the tourists were busy with their work, suddenly a clash broke out between a man and the Border Security Force (BSF) troops on Tuesday in front of the gate of the Border Security Force (BSF). Civil Hospital, Shillong.
He also spoke about the lack of a proper road from Umshyrpi to Upper Shillong which has created a threat to the pedestrians on this highway, and suggested that the government should build a Skywalk as in Mumbai.
“We accept to have cooperation with other political parties who have the same goal but we have not had any discussion on this yet, because there are many problems and challenges,” he said.
It was learned that the robbers had fired rocket launchers at the place of worship which was still closed and unoccupied at the time of the incident.
“I don't want to come,” said his sister. “Wow! Why are you like this? What are you doing?” “Map, mother, I don't feel like continuing my studies anymore,” he replied sadly.
Yesterday is the end of the deadline and the Seng urges all the stone smugglers, who take foreign vehicles to send them away immediately according to the agreement and promise with the Seng. the last meeting.
Villagers shall not be allowed to speak or campaign for elections within the village and the meeting shall be conducted by the Waheh Shnong.
The vehicles were of cheaper models while the invoices and receipts were cheaper and these were purchased by AIG GK Iangrai, according to the complaint.
He said that he will continue to monitor the progress of the construction of this road and expects the work to start within this year.
FABB Kolkata beat Tura 5-0, while Mizoram Blind Society and Mont Fort School beat Tura 5-0
The Sarsanghchalak's quotation of the Bible refers to the insult of a woman and said that Jesus did not accept the act of beating or tied people, but showed that Jesus , he is very sorry and very sorry for these attacks.
Shillong, June 19: The Maweit area is known as the richest area in terms of coal, with millions of tonnes of coal.
Regarding the rape of women, the HNLC said that the dismissal of OC Madanriting shows that the rape of a 14-year-old girl is a political scandal. politicians, they are involved and knowledgeable.
While the protest against the increase in the price of clinker from the cement factories in Jaintia Hills continues, the All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Transporters Association (AJCCTA) has filed a complaint against the government. There were two groups with two presidents, Balen Thubru and Kyrshan Dkhar.
The NIA, in a statement sent yesterday, confirmed that the accused was arrested on Thursday for attempting to revive the group. Magadh Zone of Bihar.
Therefore, on his part, he felt it was necessary to provide assistance by allocating up to T.5/- lakh from the MLA Scheme for 50 beneficiaries.
The BJP's attempts to change the writings related to the past are against unity and peace among different groups,” they said.
It was seen that at 2:30 or 3 pm, the Municipal authorities together with the police came to arrest these vendors and many of them had gathered their weapons and fled.
The two-day Karate training was organized with the support of the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government.
The Seng Khasi is the Sengbhalang of the Khun Khasi Khara which stands on the foundation as the foundation of the household to protect, preserve and preserve the rights, customs, religions and customs which have emerged from the ancestors of the human race of the Khun. Khasi Khara Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep.
Shillong: There have been 457 new cases reported today.
“He added that the UDP as a party will meet again to take a decision if it sits in the opposition.
In the midst of all these health challenges, it is this vaccine that can protect us from this disease.
Because he lives, we have the hope that even though we are dead in sin we will be able to live again – in eternal victory.
Samlin said that the statement by Titosstarwell Chyne, CEM of KHADC, that there will be a change of government after the elections, is baseless as the NPP is already strong and has many MLAs. 26 people now.
About 46 per cent of the workforce in the country are farmers and in Meghalaya about 80 per cent are farmers.
BJP leader and South Shillong legislator Sanbor Shullai on Friday said the party is ready to welcome the former Chief Minister and AITC leader Mukul Sangma and Congress MP Vincent H Pala, if they are willing to join the party.
Five persons were arrested and nine mobile phones, T.25,000 cash and vehicles with license plates were seized from the house. AS 025-0127, ML-10 A-9330 and ML 10 C 4056, which were installed at the home of Victorious Masharing.
“Therefore, as mentioned above, it would be appropriate for the proposal regarding the UCC not to be implemented in Meghalaya and in the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo communities whether they live in any part of India.
“We demand that our friends recognize our medicines, but if they do not, we have the right to set our own rules,” said a statement from the Indian Foreign Ministry. .
The vendors have been selling without finding anything including on the footpaths, which has caused the people to have to walk on the road and disrupt the traffic of motor vehicles which has also caused accidents due to the traffic jam. aisle.
They include a tourist driver, a nurse of NEIGRIHMS hospital, an Ayush doctor at Civil Hospital and a contact of a patient of NEIGRIHMS hospital.
He was admitted to the Female Medical Ward on 31.07.2022 at 12:30 pm but died on at 02:40 pm.
When asked whether there are any more people who will join the party, Bah David said, “By 3 pm tomorrow, up to 4-5 people may come”.
The Government should clarify on what rules have been brought in by this company and what the benefits are for the state.
"If I take her to the village, she will die immediately..." Deisy said again. "No, I will pray to God because I see that if she really works for me, it will be a blessing to us too. apartment.
The hot climate is suitable for this species.
The price for restaurant vendors, the price of cleaned beef will be T.160 per kilo while the price of clean beef will be T.180 per kilo.
The owners of the vehicles have lodged a complaint with the Khliehriat Police Station for action and arrest.
The reason for the increase in electricity supply is that the supply of electricity from other companies will be more adequate and the Central Power Generating Stations has decided to reduce the purchase price of electricity.
“I hope to be able to share the seats between the HSPDP and the UDP in the MDC elections although it is not an agreement but an understanding between the two parties,” he said.
In the spring, they bloom forty-colored flowers, which shine like a sympyllieng news of the cremation where she lives.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The 2nd Independence Cup Open Basketball Tournament 2023 has been won by ONYX in the men's category. Shillong Labet won the women's category.
He is strong like a stone.
Shillong, July 10: The Bhatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJPYM) and the BJP Youth Wing have demanded that the state government should stop using fertilizers. Distribute the fertilizer to the farmers because it is not the time to harvest.
About 34 MPs were banned from sitting in the dorbar until the end of the Tlang dorbar, while 11 other MPs were banned from sitting in the dorbar while the report of the privileged committee is pending.
Also present on the occasion were Linekar K Sangma, GHADC Executive Member, Transport and Printing & Stationery, Nathwal S Marak, Executive Member, Civil Works, Winison Ch Marak, Chief Adviser to the CEM, Chairman, Ronald Rikman Ch Sangma, members of the Nokma Council and other dignitaries of Meghalaya.
This clearly shows the misuse for political gain, to misuse in the name of the farmers.
The Minister of Water Affairs, Marcuise N. Marak, on Tuesday said that the state government will do its utmost to complete Phase-III of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS). within this year.
He said that such foreign traders are very common in some parts of West Khasi Hills from Rwiang to Riangdo, Nonglang to Langja and so on. more common.
The DMHO of East Jaintia Hills has been directed to search for these people and monitor their health for 28 days and to inform the DMHO, West Jaintia Hills every day. email.
She also explained that those who are in good health between the ages of 18 to 65 years can apply.
Expressing that the law will take necessary action against those who violate, Lahkmen said, “As I have received information, the incident is tragic to the point of loss of life.
When examining the state of Khadar rule in the state, it was time for a new national party to emerge to bring about a revolution in society.
Mawkyrwat, June 22: After the resignation of Bah JC Diengngan as President of the Meghalaya Mining Owners and Exporters Association, he has left for the formation of another group of coal traders. On the 20th June, 2023, a public meeting was held at Nongjri, South West Khasi Hills District to discuss many issues and to appoint the new office bearers of MMO&EA. The new office bearers of MMO&EA were appointed by Bah Mighter N. Marweiñ and General Secretary Bah PK Nongmin along with other leading members of MMO&EA. He also explained to the media regarding the MMO&EA and also the emergence of another new association known as the South West Khasi Hills District Mine Owners and Exporters Association (SWKHDMO&EA). Nongjri, South West Khasi Hills District.
The program was conducted by G.Mylliem, Block Development Officer, Amlarem C&RD Block.
The JCCTA has demanded that the government should increase the price of petrol for the benefit of the people and truck owners and strongly order these companies to implement the price set by the Transport Department.
Mizoram, which used to be the winners, beat Meghalaya by 191 runs at home, but it is impossible to predict after the two teams have reached this stage. The team will be led by Kishan Lyngdoh who has won the sixth place in the country this season by winning the final. He scored 572 runs from five innings including one century and three half centuries.
After the meeting, Rupang spoke briefly with Fenela, who said that Fenela has no intention of destroying or leaving the HSPDP, but the reason for the “If I want to leave the party, why don't I leave the Congress party?” said Fenela. She said that she is in the HSPDP without power, but she doesn't want to rule within the party but her goal is to be in the party to serve. to the people.
On the other hand, Meghalaya students in Manipur can express their grievances to the Nodal Officer (+91 98631 14387) and Dr Paul Chyne (9 get information and be able to help them.
The tournament will be held under the Khelo India scheme known as Sports for Peace and Development.
Our nation needs vision and we need to think carefully about all these things and not only to think but also to try to do something on these issues.
Our readiness to accept that this disease exists and those who have this disease should not be ashamed or hide for the sake of others and that we all should think by following the rules of Covid or Covid Protocol, the readiness to test if there is a difference in the body or close contact with those who have the disease because some are afraid and hesitant to test and cause the spread of the disease when they hide like that.
He said that they have unanimously decided to allow the JMB and JHADC to dump garbage for three months and it should be in accordance with the rules of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) and it should complete its duty within these three months.
This donation by Bah Ban for this Sem Saitjain has been a great blessing especially for the hundreds of Saitjain residents of Dong Mawlai Nongkwar Block 3 B as well as other neighboring villages. Those who live and earn by cleaning from the opportunity to use this cleaning house to protect them from the rain.
In addition, police said that at the time of the shooting, the buyer, the driver and the passenger of the vehicle were present, but they did not react as the robbers pointed weapons.
Joyful Lyngdoh used to work in the Sericulture Department and lives in North East, Jowai.
However, that fear should no longer force and cause us to be filled with hatred or ethnic hatred.
“We will discuss between the TMC and the Congress whom to elect the Leader of the Opposition to send for approval from the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly as both parties have three MLAs,” he said. .
Jentizen Marpna, who tied 16 runs (not out) from 11 balls, led the team to score 132 runs.
“Our demand for a parking space for foreign vehicles, such as at ISBT Mawïong and other places, does not mean that we are banning them from coming to Meghalaya but it is to allow the drivers. vehicles from the State to earn a living by transporting and taking tourists to tourist spots in the State,” said Bah Ricaldinus.
The program was enriched by the songs of the youth along with the participation of the audience who came to listen to the speeches of the elders from the AITC. Our Khasi Hills is one of the most beautiful countries. especially because it has a beautiful landscape, clean fields, rich valleys, fresh streams to drink, flowers that bloom every season, beautiful shrubs, trees. the trees, the hills, the rivers and the thirty kinds of mineral resources to supply milk to others to flow into our mountains to earn money and even destroy the country.
So he prays for God's forgiveness so that he can go and preach in Nineveh.
The Legislative Assembly of the State has passed a resolution on 27th November 2018 to demand from the Central Government to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India and on 19th November In November 2019, the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act 1873 was implemented in the state.
Pa'iem Ainam took over the throne at 4 pm this afternoon after the KHADC issued an order to remove the Acting Syiem of Pa'iem Ricky.
Shillong, Jymmang 02 : The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP), Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on Friday visited Laitlyngkot, the residence of the President of the PDF and Sohra MLA, Bah Gavin. Mylliem, to campaign for the party candidate from Sohra, Bah Allan West Kharkongor.
The Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) at its recent meeting in Delhi, has taken four resolutions including the demand that the Central Government should not introduce an Official Bill. the Parliament on the inclusion of the Khasi language in the fifth schedule of the Constitution.
He said that the understandings gained through the meetings will be important in the development of policies, programs and projects related to the conditions of the North East.
Dr Jitendra Singh delivered a digital speech in which he said that progress has been made in India's space sector.
The reason is because God wanted to choose Israel and from the Jewish race the Virgin Mary to give birth to Jesus Christ in the womb.
“He has not yet arrived,” said a source from the car manufacturing company, which is based in Mawiong.
“I demand that the CEM should not remove him, it is better that he should not be outside, to criticize the EC as Dy.CEM is that he has bad ideas to destroy the EC” said Antonio War while talking to reporters.
When asked about his vision for the mid-term elections from Shella, Bindo said that according to the UDP estimates, Balajiedkupar will win more than 1000 votes in this election. Dr Donkupar Roy has received more than 1000 votes in all the previous elections.
Therefore, it is not necessary for a person to pray many words, but a little by faith and God will hear and pray with all his heart – God will answer, Amen.
“The clear message to the Government and all the political parties who have been expressing their desire for the railway line is that if you start a fire, it will burn and if you try by force, you will think. This is what will happen throughout the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
In the second leg, Dulong played against Mulang Ialong without scoring a goal.
He said that there is close cooperation with the Assam Police to maintain peace and order on the border.
It would be good if NEHU, MCTA and the state government could arrange soon, so that there will be no loss of students.
They also said that there are many Garo schools across the Khasi Hills in areas where the Garo are predominantly paid and the state government has started to introduce the Garo language in government schools but the It is surprising that the teachers who have been appointed to teach Garo are not Garo or have completed their education in Garo.
He also promised that the government will give its full support to the development of tourism in the village.
The Advocate-General also said that Youdishthra Bhama is the son of Balwant Bhama who was charged with threatening the plaintiff.
Former Maharashtra minister Eknath Shinde of the Shiv Sena party's office has been destroyed and set on fire.
“I am ready to accept to talk or give advice or to explain anything, I am ready but until now no one has come to talk to me,” he said.
Shillong: Students of the North East Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy (NEIAH) in Mawdiangdiang, Shillong today protested against the authorities to demand the fare of vehicles and the construction of a hostel. , sudsidy and the welfare of students especially women.
This annual Leh Niam showcases the Synshar of Khadar along with the Niam, Rukom and Tem, Put, Shad and Kmen.
Other speakers were Bah Jait Dao Sumer, Bah Kyllimot Lhuid and Bah Sienmitre Sumer.
“When the Council received more money, we held a meeting with the MDCs and some EMs and we wrote to the CEM to allocate more money to us.
It was at this time that Jesus wept for Jerusalem, saying, “Ah, if thou hadst known, even thou, at least in this thy day, the things which belong unto thy peace! but now they are hid from thine eyes.
“We will examine and analyze, we will find the shortcomings and mistakes and we will take the necessary action.
But few know how to turn the fruit into water or jam.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Due to the increase in infrastructure, tourism has also increased in the North East, as well as many small factories, educational institutions and sports facilities have been opened.
“If the investigation report doesn't give results, I and my family will not sit idly by but we will take other measures,” said Bah Gray. Cherishtarfield Thangkhiew, Lawmali, Lawmali, Lawmali on Saturday.
The soldiers were stripped of their uniforms and wearing only their underwear and were shot dead in Tabqa, which was captured by ISIS militants, on Sunday. Last year, they received weapons, tanks, helicopters and other weapons.
The Dorbar Shnong under the leadership of Bah Mathias Mujai Rangbah Shnong to encourage the youth to continue to do better in their higher education and to be an example to others. young people who are preparing for various examinations.
Therefore man needs the closest relationship with God, for the Lord is near to all who call on him.
The total number of cases has risen to 1205 so far and the death toll has risen to 1,5
Speaking at the Meghalaya Next Event held at the Convocation Hall, NEHU, the Chief Minister said, “Friends, in a briefing today, the state government has released the implementation plans. 400 crore rupees.
The game will continue tomorrow.
Nine others involved in the robbery of a Bolero were arrested by the residents of Mawiong village and later handed over to the police.
We have agreed that we should discuss both sides and we will request the Government to include that issue in the discussion because it cannot be and say that one party should not participate,” she said. Ampareen, who is also the Minister of State for Law.
We have protested against this and if we don't do it, no one will.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Tuesday demanded that the state government should introduce a law or policy to provide assistance to students from poor families in the form of scholarships so that they can continue their education at higher levels.
Shillong, June 27: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) on Friday lodged a petition with the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A. Sangma. The private sector has increased school fees every year which has affected many children from low income families.
According to sources, Chakma Bimolkanti Chakma shot dead two policemen on the 5th of this month at about 6:40 PM. The incident occurred due to the drunkenness of the havildar.
On this occasion, officers from the Ministry of Agriculture gave training on how to use the pesticide on plants so that it does not cause damage.
The Nongkhlieh Area Social and Cultural Development Council (JHADC) on Tuesday submitted a petition to the CEM of JHADC.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the situation of power generation in the state has been reviewed and found that the reason for the implementation of the power outage every day is Six power plants, three national companies including OTPC and Kopli and three state-owned power projects at Leshka and Umtrew Power Projects have been damaged.
The organization invites and requests all the youth of Hynniewtrep who have passed various courses from Medical, Engineering, Management, BSc, BCom, BA and others who have not yet found a job as well as those who are still studying. and those who work in their own fields to become members of the party and to come forward and join hands with the party to fight for justice in the hope that it will be able to bring about change for the future.
Women-led jobs show sustainable growth, not like an industry in Goa known as the King Fisher led by Vijay Mallya, but expenditure and income.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Bindo said that he knows the parents of Bah Pynïaid well and it is a family that has carried the community.
On the 30th March, Mulait United FC will play against Mynthing SCC at 11.30 pm.
Police have arrested Bah Ribok regarding the incident in Ichamati recently and two members of the party have been taken to the police for investigation.
Regarding the lockdown imposed by Assam, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, who is also the Chief Executive Member of all these villages affected by the lockdown, urged the people to The decision taken by the government is to improve the lives of the people and especially to prevent the spread of the disease. Corona Virus.
The population growth is one of the fastest growing trends in the city.
Meanwhile, the youngest Minister in the Cabinet, Bah Shakliar Warjri, has been in charge of Sports and Youth Affairs, Labor and Registration and Stamps.
Bad cholesterol is bad for your health and increases the risk of many diseases.
Strongly condemning the violence against missionaries, the Forum also urged those working in the mission fields to be vigilant according to the conditions of the area.
“We are very happy that we have started cleaning this road,” said the MLA.
“Come quickly, bah bah, I can't wait for you. My soul is thirsty, my heart is sick. I read a news story written by a journalist from abroad, who went to look for and met him.
Bah Dympep said that belief in religion is the part and right of every citizen but following crime is not right.
Yesterday alone, 10-15 vehicles were cut off and today three vehicles were cut off.
He said that in fact the government should fill up even the vacancies as many of the youth who have completed various courses have not been employed at all.
In the afternoon, the KHADC also held a program at the ground floor of the KHADC to commemorate the death anniversary of the Father of District Councils.
The State President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prestone Tynsong has accused the opposition Voice of the People (VPP) of acting like the Taliban in its campaigns. my election.
At the end of the meeting, 101 people were registered under Aadhaar and 50 under Ujjwala
“If the government is happy, it should arrange that the appointment should be according to the District Council Jurisdiction because the Garo have GHADC, the Khasi have KHADC and the Jaintia have JHADC. “It would have been better to resolve the issue as soon as possible so that the people can be happy and not hesitate,” he said.
Chandigarh, Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh have three deaths each and Meghalaya has one.
The festival was organized by the Sein Raij Jowai which started on the 6th of November.
The program was also attended by the Vice Chancellor of NEHU Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla and Prof SR Joshi, Registrar of the University who led the cleanliness inside and outside the campus.
“Before mid-June, all the titles were bih suda, according to the information and belief of the elders,” said the KSU leader. Shillong, Jymmang 15: The police have been very busy. The President of the KSU, Bah Daniel Khyriem, has been arrested.
Tell me, I'm sick, I'm poor, Life is sad and sorrowful.
It is worth mentioning that the students from different schools have staged a strike to meet their demands, which include the increase in salary, payment of salary during the months of school holidays and to provide LPG gas in schools.
The family members of the Longkmie, expressed their special thanks to the MDC, for taking action as soon as they learned that the Longkmie was missing in Guwahati.
This was revealed when the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Garod LSN Dykes had to issue ID Cards to the Waheh Shnongs so that they can get proper identification when coming and going to fight against COVID-1
Bam also denied that his joining the BJP was prearranged.
A total of 135241 people have registered with CMRAWL and 25684 with the Labor Department.
Shane fell down in the morning.
That is, it will be only in terms of improvement what else the Police have to spend for the security of the VVIPs.
Mynsngat Khanduli MDC Dawan Lyngdoh together with Mobakhon Waheh Shnong Ma P Dkhar on Thursday met and submitted a letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek regarding the suspension of the upgradation of Namdong PHC. The MDC recalled that many memoranda have been sent by the Waheh Shnongs, leaders of the Waheh Shnong Unions and he as an MDC to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare through the MLA of the area. Sniawbhalang Dhar and former Ministers of Health and Family Welfare since 2015 to address the shortcomings of Namdong PHC and the sub centers within this PHC which has caused many problems to them. public area.
The reward for the victim will be greater than the suffering of those who suffer from cancer or Covid-1
The NPP leader also said that only the NPP-led government is willing to resolve the border dispute since the state was independent for 50 years because other parties are afraid of losing the elections. They have been maintaining the status quo during the border talks with the Assam government.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 06: Former NPP leaders from Nongpoh Constituency today after leaving the NPP in the past months have joined the UDP party in Nongpoh Constituency. The UDP party has decided to support the UDP party in the 2023 election from Nongpoh Constituency.
After the expiry of that two years, these reservations will be removed.
In East Khasi Hills, 58 new cases including 4 cases from Armed Forces, 1 case from Anjalee Cluster, 1 case from Bishnupur Cluster, 25 High Risk cases, 3 cases of ILI, 1 case from Jaiaw Cluster One from Jhalupara cluster, one from Laban cluster, one from Malki cluster, one from Mawlai Mawroh cluster, one from Mawlai Nongmali cluster, one from Mawprem cluster, one from Nongrah cluster, 3 from Nongthymmai cluster, 4 policemen, one from Pynthorbah cluster, 4 returnees, one from Rilbong Cluster and 2 screeners.
The NECDC, which oversees the seven states including the NE Zone of the BCCI, held its 08th Conclave & 2nd Achievers Award on the 21st of this month at Aijal Club. , which was organized by the Mizoram Cricket Association.
It is learned that after this promise, Kitbok left his job and went to teach instead of his mother at Rangblang School.
There are two things, he said, the first is for the leaders and the second is for the youth.
JOWAI: Religious leaders of the Seiñraij Jowai today left the Langdoh's house to Ïawmusiang to Kbai Mooknor to inform the public that the Behdeiñkhlam festival has started.
Nongkhnum is a popular tourist attraction from the state and abroad.
With these 140 cases, the total number of cases in Assam has risen to 8547 and those still in hospital have risen to
He also urged the people of Khasi and Jaintia Hills not to be supportive of the government and politicians.
The MoC has 240 different homes for orphans, children and even AIDS patients across India and has now completed 71 years of service in the country.
What would a church be like without the use of music? Is it proper to take the Bible composers Moses and David for granted? We cannot ignore our ancestors who used to sing folk songs in the past and we cannot ignore the patriotic singers who sang traditional songs.
There was a speech by the past leaders about the history of how the Lama of India has passed through the ages.
“This will be the report that has been completed soon compared to other reports, because the MDA government wants to complete the report on this incident soon to bring the truth to the government. in front of the crowd," he added.
Sources said Korlandar had joined the group since April
This is the second such meeting between Kumar and Kharge in the past 15 months.
She said that the disease is one of the deadliest diseases in Meghalaya and the government has set a target to curb the disease.
Nongpoh, Nailur 14: Leaders of the Umroi Block Youth Congress Committee, led by Samla PP Rynghang as President and other leaders today protested against the sudden establishment of the Umroi Block Congress Committee. They have resigned from the membership of the Umroi Assembly Youth Congress.
Thus, “...he went out from thence, and great multitudes followed him.
Through this campaign, children have complained against the discrimination against parents or teachers in schools.
“I am meeting with a person whom I have never known but that person is looking right at me and looking at that person I feel sorry as if something is happening to him.
Tourists from all over the country and abroad once again turned up while the State celebrated the beauty of nature and culture at the same time with the famous names of music and musicians. entertainment industry.
Moslandar said that we cannot follow exactly the example of Maieid but we will try our best, because Maieid has established many schools and he has given us education and now It is the duty of us the youth if we come to power to look after and lead the students of the area on the path for their future.
This change has been going on since ancient times and will continue to go on forever as long as the Khasi people exist in the world.
Shillong: Imson FC on Tuesday beat Nongkrem FC 2-1 in the First Division of the SSA at Polo Ground.
Rahul has won the election from Wayanad, Kerala.
Chicken and turkey are among the examples of these types of meat that can increase the amount of amino acids in the body and improve the ability of the brain to concentrate.
According to the Constitution of India, every five years we elect legislators who are also the administrators of government and the protectors of the rights of the citizens.
“He’s a good man.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that recently the CM-Care scheme has allocated funds to build three oxygen plants and today the state government has taken a decision. to build 3 more Oxygen plants.
Meghalaya in the past few decades has had the most beautiful landscape in the country and can be said in the world because it has the most beautiful valleys, trees, flowers, shrubs, mountains, rivers, or even the birds, the animals, and the thirty kinds of creatures that still produce beautiful sounds to stir up the mind of man when he walks around in the morning or evening with the wind. and the trees of the field shall be covered.
The confirmed office bearers include Bah P Lyngdoh (Working President), Bah D Lyngdoh and Bah M Kharmujai (Vice Presidents), Bah H Syiemlieh (General Secretary) and others.
Other treatments imported from Kerala include Abhyangam, Elakizhi, Podikizhi, Pizhichil, Shirovasthi/Shirodhara, Udavarthanam Kadee Vasthi, Nasyam, Tharpanam, Karnapooranam and Body Purification Therapy.
However, these civil society organizations, on their part, have also lodged a complaint against several people from the village who have been accused of inciting the incident.
Another shop near the Gandrak River in Chandmary was destroyed.
The War Jaintia Students' Union (WJSU) has demanded and urged the War Jaintia Truck Owners and Drivers Association to take action on the safety of trucks on the Amlari Road. Nongtalang-Tamabil is part of the NH 206 (NH40E).
Over the years, Vigilance Awareness Week has witnessed active participation and support from government and private sectors alike.
She passed away on 25-04-2021, at 1.10 pm.
Besides, the names of these more than 2,000 voters in both the states have not yet been disclosed, as there are many others whose names, villages and residences have not been disclosed. The polling stations that have no names will continue until they are found.
We remember Phan Nonglait who was known for her bravery in helping the Rangbah in this war.
“We would like to express our regret over the delay in deciding on the implementation and we would like to request the government to put this forward for the final decision,” said Saibon.
We cannot move from one state to another because we don't have any people in other states.
@rashtrapatibhvn ....
The visit of the BJP leaders to Delhi before the elections was just a ploy to get votes at that time but the Central Government did not listen to the suggestions even from the BJP leaders from This is the State of Meghalaya.
“In the state itself, I think whether we win or lose we have to fight hard and we will see after the election we will see what will happen in Meghalaya. I don't think history will be the same".
Shillong, July 24: The Presbyterian Church of India (PCI) has laid the foundation stone for the construction of a special prayer place where all Christians can pray.
Bawan said the police should arrest the suspect immediately and take the necessary action.
“I personally believe that the implementation of the NEP should move forward despite many challenges but the government will work with the colleges to achieve this.
In West Jaintia Hills, 4 cases have been confirmed.
The closing date for submission of applications will be on or before 8th June and applications submitted after the deadline will not be accepted.
One of the bodies of the deceased has been broken lyngkhot lyngkhai by the truck. The other body is still being recovered by the SRT.
John Leslee, a former MLA, is expected to file his nomination papers on Tuesday.
These candidates were accompanied by supporters who danced with their flags and songs in front of the gate of the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills district.
Speaking to reporters, the SP of West Jaintia Hills, Lakador Syiem, said that no vehicles will be allowed to park at Loomsoiung Newhill Stand as the Symbood Khnong Blai will be held there.
In English “Prayer” is the subject of prayer and in prayer there are three answers from God which are Yes, No, No, Yes, No, Wait.
She concluded by saying that the land and crops are still under consideration, the value of the land owners and the rights of the rightful land owners to get their rights as was appropriated by the government.
The purpose of this workshop is to open the door for stakeholders to discuss the benefits and challenges of the NEP
In Meghalaya, once you have attended school in class IX/X, you feel ashamed and embarrassed to carry a sword or a spear or a knife.
He said the BJP in Meghalaya under the leadership of Ma Shibun Lyngdoh has been successful in its activities and this will bring unity to bring about strong performance.
The vehicle is also difficult to get away unless you send a taxi from Myriaw.
They said that the Fancy Cloth Store has not received the NOC for four years but is still renewing its license.
It is not an appropriate time and place to discuss such things with a cadidate.
Regarding the border issues, Pala alleged that the Meghalaya government has not taken action on this issue; ‘except in those areas where government officials have purchased land where there are border disputes’.
Punjab Chief Minister Bhagwant Mann has visited Amritsar to inspect the implementation of peacekeeping, preparedness and security measures. of government authorities and to encourage and advise all to be able to participate in the implementation processes for the needs of these three meetings.
The Government has also informed that all comments and suggestions can be sent to Bah VR Syiem, Joint Secretary, Political Department at Room 515 of the Main Secretariat or by email to the Commissioner & Secretary, Political Department. in your Address.
These 26 players came forward to participate in the training and to train themselves to become referees to conduct football matches.
“I have spoken by telephone twice with the Chief Minister of Assam.
The match between the two teams has become increasingly intense on both sides.
Shillong, November 18: The CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that the decision of the MBoSE to make MIL an elective subject is an attempt to promote the value of the Khasi language.
ASICS is a leading manufacturer of sportswear and footwear, and its primary objective is to ensure that wearers feel comfortable wearing them. use them.
He said that in the report of the committee headed by Bah HS Shylla, it was found that other district councils like Chakma ADC, have failed to amend the Rules by introducing the words He said that only the ethnic minorities can vote or hold elections to the District Council.
“We have to hold an indefinite strike because the state government has not listened to our demands,” said President Bah Jedwin Lyngdoh.
This has angered and stirred up the nation.
The curfew has been imposed as part of the efforts to curb the spread of Corona Virus in the district and Meghalaya as a whole.
“Rijiju said he wants the BJP to get more space in the government even though the people of Meghalaya have empowered the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) which has worked hard. of the room.
After the cleaning, the RBMTMCA leaders have also donated up to 20 dustbins, so that the residents and visitors to the market, can throw away the nuit. Shillong, Jymmang 10: BJP leaders have flocked to Lum Garo Hills to campaign for the election for the NPP candidate Conrad K Sangma; No Congress leaders have been seen to believe in the candidate of Dikanchi D Shira except for a few Congress leaders from Meghalaya. Delhi and MPs from the state will leave for Lum Garo for Dikanchi.
The government should allow teachers who want to take part in public administration to become leaders and not prevent teachers who have the will and ability to serve the public, because they will not hold If they win the election, they will serve as public leaders and if they lose the election, they will be allowed to continue and return to the teaching profession.
The Chief Guest was Bah Shemphang Kharbani from Myriem Village. The meeting was conducted by Bah Basil Paliar.
Regardless of whether you use any of these methods, the Reservation Policy and Roster System cannot be applied retrospectively.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Khasi Hills District, has announced that the NFSA (AAY and PHH) and Non-NFSA ration and Atta for the month of April 2023 have been released to all ration shops in the state. the district.
The meeting with the Rangbah Shnong of Mawhati, was also one of the ways to find out about the number of poor people who are in dire need of assistance, in order to get food and drink. especially at this time of curfew in the country.
“She confessed that she cut the body into three parts.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The KSU Narpuh Circle, after receiving hundreds of mynder who had planned to visit the state in the past few days, has gone to meet with the Incharge. The Infiltration Check Gate (ICG) in Ratacherra to ask why the Check Gate has not been able to curb the illegal influx of mynder and the slow entry of them into the country. However, the reply of the Chief Superintendent of Police is that there is not a single Gypsy parked there for the pills. It has caused difficulties for the police to stop and monitor the vehicles that do not stop despite being stopped.
In a democratic country, it is only in the Assembly that the MLAs of the Opposition can ask many questions from the Ministers in power and the budget.
They were arrested from Wah Gate, Jowai and five gelatines sticks, 10 detonators and fuse wires were also seized from them.
He also questioned the previous governments, which have never failed to take action on this issue, but only the MDA government has taken action to fight as much as possible to resolve this issue.
As it turns out, the distribution of blankets, khiew shet, tins of household items and picnic and entertainment fees is at the forefront of this election season.
With this decision to withdraw her resignation letter, Kong Roshan's action has shown that there is something behind the political activities.
The president of Azerbaijan says his troops have been killed.
Speaking to reporters, KSU Jaintia Hills President Bah O.Dkhar said that the KSU Jaintia Hills has found out about this according to the RTI received from the JHADC. “It shows that many foreigners have issued trading license, even though they don't have proper documents like PRC, police certificate or Rangbah Shnong certificate,” said Bah Dkhar.
Because if the government is formed by such people with the intention of coming to power to loot from the state government, we don't know where the future of the state will go because the development will be only for them while the people they will still starve".
His construction began on the 13th of June, 2013, when he dug many holes on this large stone, after which he built the dewbilat cross.
Shangpung Lumiawmushai tried their best to score the second goal in the 56th minute through Mewatki Sungoh.
North Liberty won the Best Team in the Under-14 Boys and Girls category.
At the same time, he said that until now there is no policy from the government to provide assistance to those who own land, who want to build parking spaces on their land but if there is a proposal the government will look into it. or.
The incident, Bah Aihok, said has been going on for almost 10 months and the police should have arrested those who worked on the road who caused the death of two men.
No 5, but to leave these items without a cover to protect them from the rain or the sun, is a painful thing to see and shows even a spirit of disregard for the government money.
He said that Bah PK Raswai had used fraudulent tricks to get the ticket from the UDP by deleting the name of Bah Airmarshall, only halfway when the party sent the ticket. the names of the ticket applicants to the parent organization.
According to the officials, the road has been constructed by the Assam government from Umkhyrmi to Khatkasla for a length of about 10 kilometers under the central government scheme.
Jessica took this picture for Maxim's cover.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the supply of rice under the NFSA (AAY & PHH) and Non-NFSA for the month of March, Release to all Fair Price Shop Dealers until the 15th of October this month.
“The problem faced by the state in terms of electricity is because electricity is produced only from hydro based and when there is a shortage of water, everyone is affected. the unit includes the central unit.
Mynsngad scored the first goal through Lamjingkyrmem Muksor in the 14th minute and Pynskhem Mukhim in the 20th minute.
He said that in the last dorbar, he told his father that he didn't need to sit long in the dorbar but he had sat for many hours in the dorbar. He said that Bah Hoping has become rich after the election where the people of his constituency especially the poor have donated to him as a sign of gratitude to him for his expenditure during the election.
In the view of many today, the post of Rangbah Shnong should be reserved for a man or woman who can hold the post of Rangbah Shnong.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) is a scheme launched by the government for all households in the state, except government employees. The Medical Superintendent of Dr. H. Gordon Robert Hospital, Dr. H. Gordon Robert Hospital, said that the scheme is not only causing problems to the patients. but it also causes problems to the hospitals.
Those present on the occasion included the President of Nongpoh Circle, Bah Joseph Syngkli, Bah Fullbok Lyngdoh, General Secretary and others.
Bah Synrem said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has taken note of this matter and promised to immediately call the relevant departments for clarification.
The school was first established by Sayeed Ahmed's brother, (L) Hakeem Mohammad Ismail in 1905 at his residence at GS Road, Shillong where the Broadway Hotel now stands.
The decision was taken after many of the questions of the CUET examination were set from NCERT books. The NTA will set up CUET centers in Shillong, Tura and Jowai before next year's examination.
They said that this implementation is lacking in the service sector in terms of reducing electricity bills and instead, includes incentives to private sector companies on their profits and u The L-G asked for clarification whether this implementation is in line with the benefits from the central government.
Waii served from Bameng Assembly constituency in East Kameng district as a Congress MLA for three terms from 2004 to
If you don't know the government, you are wrong.
The police conducted the competition to raise awareness on human rights and the need to promote them.
Traitor : means traitor, mendieri- traitor is a term used to describe those who betray their own country; I am a short word to the elders; die is the one who returns the price; The country is the union of states within a single nation.
Angry NCP supporters started shouting slogans and tried to enter the Legislature Complex.
Righteous at first and not wanting to take the money of the dead, when the money is received from the spiritual struggle, pay the reward which is the source of that struggle.
But he chose only where his people lived.
This is not because Assam is an unsuitable place to cultivate this plant, but because the state does not know how to grow dumasla from the leaves of India. this plant.
“It is only through the survey and through the available information that we can develop appropriate policies that will help to coexist between humans and animals,” he said.
In the first semi final between Maitchaphrang Mootyrchiah and Madankynsaw Mookyndeng, the match was very fierce, but until the end of the match, Maitchaphrang Mootyrchiah managed to score. They beat Mookyndeng 2-1
The increase in the influx of mynder into our State is due to the fact that in our State it is easy to do business especially in the trade of property, the absence of insurgent groups like Manipur and Nagaland, and the absence of strong laws to prevent the entry of foreigners into our State such as the Inner Line Permit and many other laws which can be a barrier to foreigners who intend to enter our State. villages in our State.
Jowai, Jymmang 13: Forty-nine youths from different villages have completed the 3rd Batch of Training to become Security Guards from Iooksi Umdeinlin Sub-Center Tornado Security Agency West Jaintia Hills.
The coal owners should surround the coal deposit with a drainage system so that the coal water does not flow into streams, rivers, farmland, wells and others.
Chairman of NESO, Bah Samuel Jyrwa said that for 27 years the Government has been planning to mine uranium from the state, but it is through the unity of the people that this plan of UCIL and the Government has been achieved. you have failed.
She urged other students to reach the goal of the first struggle without losing hope, and to put God first and prayer.
He also urged the NEIPF to take steps to investigate the various ethnic groups in the North East.
She said that about 3,000 residents had gathered to demand from the Prime Minister and BJP leader, N. Biren Singh to take action against the Kuki militants, to arrest those involved in the robbery and to make sure to end the conflict quickly.
He recalled that it was during the tenure of (L) Rowell Lyngdoh that the Mawkyrwat Civil Sub Division was brought into being and also the present name of South West Khasi Hills District was introduced and in other development projects.
The East Shillong Constituency led by Ampareen M Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Meghalaya, has started the elections.
“We understand that the railway is necessary, but we will not do it until we can explain the benefits it will bring, especially to those who oppose,” he said.
The meeting was led by FKJGP, JSU, KSU and HNYF General Secretary Dundee C Khongsit, FKJGP President Tuesday Lytep, Ohibait Dkhar, Jersom Shylla. JSU and others.
He also urged the youth to work hard and do better in their higher education, to be obedient to their parents and to walk with dignity especially to avoid their friends who lead them. to the wrong path, but to choose the right path so that they can reach the goal in their lives as they wish.
At the end of the seventh time, the period recorded at Daniel 12:11 will come again, the period of 1,335 days.
He said that the government should have formulated a policy so that instead of saying that we will start organic farming we should say that we are improving our traditional farming methods.
The meeting started from Tikait Ghat in Haridwar on 23rd November with a large number of farmers from Gonda, Basti and Gorakhpur and also included parts of eastern Uttar Pradesh, which are the land of rice farmers.
Golden Gashnga, Waheh Shnong Lamin, said that the outbreak of African swine fever has been going on since July and has now spread to Sohkha Village, a village near Lamin.
The employees of the Block should not ask for party, should not be partial but should treat each other equally.
Shillong: The Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament of the State Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament has ended on Saturday.
On receiving the information about the sudden fire, the fire brigade rushed to the scene and managed to extinguish the fire. from being destroyed by the sudden fire.
In the past few months, the Syiem and his ministers have visited the border of Assam to clear their own border. Other states, on the part of the Hima Nongkhlaw, shall not allow any cross-border crossing into the Hima.
Fifty years have passed since the independence of Meghalaya, but the border has not been resolved yet.
Political parties or leaders should be accepted by all ethnic groups and the foundation of unity among many ethnic groups should be laid,” Rakkam said.
The announcement came after the Assam government released the names of the villagers in the National Register of Citizens (NRC) and those villagers of Assam whose names are not included in the Final List. Therefore, to prevent the entry and infiltration of foreigners, the Village Authorities need to be vigilant.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) today fixed the polling dates in the states of Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Mizoram, Chhattisgarh and Telangana.
We also want to relocate all the animals and birds there to a new habitat from the current habitat,” he added.
Shillong: The Raid Nongkhlieng in collaboration with the Pynursla Civil Sub Division will hold a Spring Festival: Lake Side Fiesta at Langkawet Village from 28th to 29th June
On July 2, 2006, Barley Chullet, brother of Lobi Chullet, lodged a complaint at Jowai Police Station. Shem Langstang, Tharki Langstang and Hiarki Langstang on charges of involvement in the rape of Lobi Chullet on July 1, 2006 at Ait Shrieh, Thadsning.
The two countries with the largest population and the least connected.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 9: The Nongstoin Area Unit of the Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) has announced that it will hold a public meeting to discuss the activities of the party.
As part of the celebration, an Inter School Quiz and Drawing Competition was held for the schools in Upper Shillong.
“Bah Kharbuli said that Khamkhraw's hard work has led him to reach the goal of victory and he expects him to do better in the upcoming examinations.
On the other hand, the JYF and JSU had left to meet the DC today, but as the DC is in Shillong, they did not have the opportunity to meet him and decided to meet him today. next.
Bah Binong said that as soon as he finished his work, in the rush to go to the funeral home, he forgot to turn off the mombati.
He offers the promise of forgiveness of sins for all those who accept him as God and Savior.
In her welcome speech, Samla Ibalarilang Khongsni congratulated all the Rangbah Shnong and the Youth Wing and said that Samla Heavenes Star Mawkon from Nongjri Village has participated in this programme. It is a sign of unity and once again calls upon us to be united in any good work in the community.
The woman needed to have stents inserted in her body, but later she needed impella and the cost of the device ranged from T.20 to T.25 lakh. to take care of those who are sick with blood.
I urge you and me; Lord Jesus, don't let us speak, By deeds and by words.
Wahlang said this at a meeting held at Yojana Bhawan Shillong on the renovation and improvement of the major rivers of Shillong including the Wahumkhrah, Umshyrpi and Umkhen rivers. the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, members of the Dorbar Shnongs, and leaders from civil society organizations.
AA Shullai urged the EC to follow up on this so that the Delhi government can take action to release the schemes of the 15th Finance Commission.
Shillong: As part of the efforts to curb the entry of foreigners into the state especially after the release of the NRC by the Assam Government; The Officer Incharge of Umsning Police Outpost, Shri Francis Megam, today held a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs of Umsning Police Outpost.
Shillong: All offices of the State Government will be closed from 29th to 31st November
He said that he will complete the outstanding works of his father, Dr Donkupar Roy.
“At present, we don't have an MLA in Jaintia Hills, four in Khasi Hills and one in Garo Hills.
Dr. A War said that the poison from Amanita Phalloides affects the liver and this can lead to death if eaten too much.
 Santa is said to put his gifts under the Christmas tree.
These include EJH: 1, EKH: 73, RBD: 1, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 4, WGH: 1, WJH: 1 and WKH:
The department said these foreign offices did not pay the bill when foreign officials came, which now amounts to £116million, except for the United States, Japan, It has lost 8.6 million pounds.
Muslims of Jowai area held a prayer at Khlieh Riatpamblah, New Hill with a Namaz or thanksgiving ceremony led by the Imam (also known as the Muslim leader). Jonab Md Faijur Rahman where the Muslim leader read the verses from the holy book of Muslims 'Quran'
The World Bank has also pledged to continue to provide support and projects in the coming years.
Jesus saw that the Pharisees were self-righteous by their religious practices.
On Saturday, St. Anthony's College, Byndihati beat NEIGRIHMS 1-0
He was shot dead during a dispute with former members of the party over money near the Assam-Manipur border in Jirighat area at noon.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah V.d.
All the people of the earth will be judged and the dead will appear before the throne.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Pangniang, said that this is the time to commemorate the 60th Anniversary of the party. so that the people will know that this demand is the party's path for the nation.
Fortunately, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has sent this directive to the District Council for consideration and comment.
Such bombs are only for dispersing people gathered on the streets or in large places and not in small rooms.
Khongiong said that it was at the last minute before the end of the sale of forms that the President of the Block, Bah Bantyngshaiñ Rynga, came to buy forms after there were no others.
Thus, International Literacy Day was celebrated for the first time on the 8th of November,
New York: Former US President Donald Trump will not be able to contest next year's presidential election in Colorado. on July 6, 2021, when he was attacked by his supporters.
Shillong: The Central Government today issued a notification to appoint Justice Ranjit More as the new Judge of the Meghalaya High Court.
Let us remember that the nation was founded on the right of words and our duty is to teach and explain to the present generation the meaning of these words.
The MDA government has experienced its first bad weather in 2021 when the Baily Brigde at Dwar Ksuid collapsed suddenly in June a few days after it was inaugurated by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. Prestone Tynsong in Lber.
[read page 6]
Various government departments will also take part in this public awareness campaign and it will last for three months starting from July 2023. This three month program will also include various programs such as distribution of medicines, such as for those with eye diseases, mental illnesses, HIV, STI, TB and other diseases.
In a letter signed by MPCC President Dr. Celectine Lyngdoh and other Congress leaders, they said that Kartanaka has 224 constituencies but in the last elections, no elections were held. Out of 222 constituencies, the Congress and JD(S) have 117 MLAs and this is enough to form a government. which wins only a few MLAs to form a government.
Regarding the order of the High Court, the meeting of Chief Executive Members also decided to set up a committee to ensure that the Chief Executive Members can express their opposition to the decision of the High Court. Bench Division.
The Syiem came from the Nongkrem Syiem's ​​Palace and brought two Pyrsa Kur Kynthei to help with the cleaning, cleaning and all the necessities.
He said that most of the Khasi and Pnars do not have tolerance and there are those who believe in the misguidance of others.
The Tourism Trekking Team (TTT) from Wahkhen has improved the area and its surroundings. Within a few months, the Tourism Trekking Team (TTT) from Wahkhen has been able to improve the area. through the river, the bridges that have been built from side to side, and the streams, which are a source of joy and pleasure to the pedestrians.
The district authorities have urged everyone to cooperate and follow the COVID-19 rules to curb the spread of the disease in the district.
“Only after the establishment of the MIPF on 10th June 2019, and only 3 months after the suit, the EC has been confirmed, so the office bearers will have to fight hard without forgiving the problems and To win this, we need unity, discipline, mutual respect, as the theme and purpose of the party is to protect the land, the indigenous people, the language, the dress. While the President of the Hynniewtrep United Awakening Movement (HUAM), Bah Gilbert G. Kharraswai, said that the government has failed in the to protect the border.
Shillong: U Minister in charge of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, today met with the Symbud Chief Minister of Karnataka, DK Shivakumar at his residence in Bengaluru to discuss how to improve tourism. between these two states.
According to the residents of this village, this place has now become one of the tourist destinations.
If America attacks China, the Christians in Khasiland will attack their fellow Khasi and the winestores.
It is worth mentioning that the Act, when introduced as a Bill in Parliament, has caused strong opposition and protests from the people of India, especially from the North Eastern States of India. , including in the state of Meghalaya.
The nine foreigners were coming from Assam in a Tata Mobile number AS 11 EC 0412 and marked 'ON PWD Duty' FKJGP Umsning Circle has arrested these foreigners for allegedly hiding inside the vehicle by covering themselves with wood used in the cleaning of the road.
They hardened their hearts like Pharaoh's.
The contest was organized by the Sonapyrdi Tourism and Economic Development Society (STEDS), one of the organizations that fights for the preservation of the environment in Narpuh District.
These include EJH: 7, EKH: 82, NGH: 2, RBD: 25, SGH: 1, SWGH: 2, SWKH: 28, WGH: 7, WJH: 18 and WKH:
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Leader of the Opposition in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Mansturdy Nongrem, on Tuesday said that Bah Jansing M Tynsong has left to support the People's Democratic Forum (PDF) led by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem. that he cannot stand to sit in the opposition and has to go to the ruling party.
He said that the members of the Academic Council do not want to discuss the suspension of the NEP but the urgent need to correct the mismanagement.
If it is pointed out that the attempts of schools to follow this principle of Covid19 can only be because of an attempt to force and force or even try to make money without respecting the rights and principles of the students.
He said that at present the 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency has been severely neglected from the roads, schools in government schools which are no longer adequate school buildings and the shortage of teachers, as well as in the field of health. agriculture and trade remains unchanged due to the government's lack of encouragement to farmers and the unemployment of the youth.
HITO Secretary Wanbun N.Dkhar said, “Since 2014, the National Green Tribunal (NGT) has not lifted the ban on mining and transportation of coal in our state.
In South West Khasi Hills, there are two projects, including the improvement of Munai and East Rangasora grounds at a cost of T.10 lakh.
The Branch Manager has acknowledged that there is a shortcoming in the service delivery of the bank and said that he will take action to improve and address the needs of the people, said KSU Khanduli Umshangiar. the leader of the Nartiang Circle.
“If the State Government agrees to pay the shop fees and also to help with the food and household expenses for us,” he said.
Puskar Nath, COO of FairStreet Sports, who is the promoter of the tournament in India, said that the stadium in India will be able to develop the tournament. tournament will be held.
However, in the last few years, the Central Government has invested a lot of money in the fields of roads, health, education and this has helped a poor state like Meghalaya.
Mawryngkneng, November 29: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday sent a petition to the MUA II Government and three MLAs. Ardent M Basaiawmoit, MLA Nongkrem Constituency.
Yogesh Tiwari scored 58 runs after coming out behind two wickets.
The film will also feature a musical performance by a band from Shillong known as Somersault.
If they produce motorcycles, why don't they have number plates to identify them as earners, or does the government want to start businesses without paying taxes?? If so, you have violated the rights of taxi drivers in Shillong.
Pastor PBM said he has not yet read the decision of the Supreme Court and until he has read it, he does not want to say anything. I have read the decision of the Delhi High Court in 2009, the decision is 105 pages, but now I don't know how many pages there are, you see, there are many people's criticisms of the decision of the court, until now I don't know how one criticizes, one how it is different,” said Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit.
The names of the recipients of the President's Home Guards & Civil Defense Medal include Home Sing Khongjoh, Havildar (HG); u Bipul Khongwir, Constable (HG); Ambrush A. Sangma, Havildar (HG) and Pynkhambor Harris Khongsngi Senior Staff Officer (CD) received the President's Police Medal. Service by Upendra Mothey, ABSI of 2nd MLP Bn from Goeragre, Kolan Swer, Havildar and Ram Bahadur Sonar, ABC/32, Tura.
Xi also called on the navy to cooperate with Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan to strengthen their own countries.
On the other hand, KHNAM has also spoken to the CEM regarding the issue of Khanapara, which should be changed to the Khasi name so that all the Khasi who live in this area can become owners of their own state. .
“It's not enough for us to leave,” said Ri. “It's not enough for us to leave.
The Moodymmai VEC has not been able to complete even the social audit.
Besides, the youth, the elderly and the women have also started working hard to go to the villages to appoint offices without waiting for the candidate, in order to strengthen the party before the election. representatives to the state Legislature next year.
Three reports and two resolutions were also passed.
U Bah Kharsyntiew congratulated the leaders of HFU Thadlaskein Block for helping the farmers in such a difficult situation. market for rep products.
She also expressed the need for skill training programs to empower such people and the Ministry is ready to provide any support for them. their rights and freedoms.
In order to ensure a smooth and orderly cleaning, vehicles will not be allowed to drive NO Entry from 8 pm to 11 pm, only those who really need it will be allowed. Parking lots in these parts of these markets shall be closed during these periods.
This festival once every five years is no longer new so the people should not forget how their leader worked when he was allowed to represent their area.
Our Seng is not registered, and for that reason, we have not been able to purchase the necessary equipment to promote our country.
Those who do not comply with the instructions will not be allowed to enter the shops.
According to photographs and videos posted by Moroccan residents, houses have collapsed and buildings have collapsed and fallen to the ground after the strong earthquake struck the country. that night, in which the people had fled their homes and homes along with the cries of their children that night.
The union urges the Coke Factories in Nongjri area to stop immediately as this will cause problems to the residents, the environment and the drinking water supply. You cannot play chess on this section.
He said he had already spoken to the Prime Minister and the Prime Minister's Secretary who had promised to convene a meeting tomorrow to discuss the situation.
Weighing participants on the 2nd November, 2023 will start at 12 noon.
Jt.
“It is not the BJP that posts photos and videos on social media, in fact we have informed the party's Information Technology (IT) department in Delhi and now they have found that there are political parties who post photos and videos on social media. “We will take action on this in due course and in the right way,” said Bah Mawrie.
A BJP leader named Pravesh Shukla has received a high honor from Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Chouhan.
Because of the coronavirus, the couple had to cancel their plans to get married, but this is not the end, and in the end, the couple, took the opportunity to Their son will conduct the marriage ceremony.
A skilled teacher, he teaches children to learn ethics, good manners, a spirit of respect for one another, and unity among the diversity of other nations, courage for what is right and soul to work hard.
Shillong, November 8: The Chairman of the Meghalaya Youth Foundation (MYF) Joannes JTL Lamare has written to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to convey the problems faced by the people of Meghalaya due to the sudden lockdown. 500 and 1000 tyngka.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong Umkiang, urges the authorities of the company to dismiss these foreigners who are its employees and urged the police to arrest and punish these foreigners according to the The law will prevent other foreign workers from taking orders to shoot or kill people.
The government has issued an order that all liquor shops within 200 meters of schools, colleges, places of worship and health centers should be closed.
For a while, the MLP team started to panic as they were unexpectedly turned away for two goals.
Because Satan Lucifer has been working powerfully among people since the times of Noah and Lot and beyond.
“Our Prime Minister has met the Union Minister and requested to release Meghalaya and we are waiting for a reply from the Ministry,” said Rakkam A Sangma, Minister of Education. journalist.
After the discovery, he said it was understood that she had left her husband to live with another man and the matter is now in the hands of her relatives. get when you call her too.
“Despite the many difficulties faced by the drivers, besides the increase in vehicle license fees, taxes, petrol & diesel and others, and also the need to register passengers as directed by the Government you have brought about an increase in the price of cars.
“We urge the District authorities of West Khasi Hills to immediately address this issue, so that the water will not reach this village.
The closing date for submission of nominations is 20 November 2023.
A world that is old, old and old.
Thus, what God gave was the land of Israel and they were the Jewish nation.
It is worth mentioning that according to information, there has been doubt in many places where some of the MDA allies like NPP, PDF have not given their full support to the joint candidate Dr Jemino who is contesting from the shap. The UDP has not yet won the MP elections.
“We have already sent a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs with a request to keep an accurate count of the number of people who have fled the state so that once they return, they can live in peace and security. go back to the state they came from," he said.
We may disagree or disagree with him on many things, but this Prime Minister has really spread the use of Hindi all over the world.
“But here is my wife and she is well,” he said, calling her again for the people to see.
We are privileged to be part of the ATOAI Family, grateful to meet great leaders in the field of tourism.
This morning, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has condemned the rape of two women in Manipur and immediately received strong criticism from the Congress party, including Jairam Ramesh, who is The Congress General Secretary has strongly criticized Narendra Modi for saying “too little, too late” or “too little, too late”. He said that Modi has been silent for the past 1,800 hours, while now he has spoken for only 30 seconds on the bloodshed in Manipur.
“We will start by restructuring and looking into the problems of all the training centres,” said Bah Himalaya, recalling that in the last dorbar, the government had promised to In this regard, it shall notify all districts that there is no District Level Review and Monitoring Body Committee.
It is worth mentioning that there were 77 candidates who came for the interview which was held from 8th to 10th July 2014, and out of these candidates who came for the interview only two candidates were selected. son of two senior education officials.
Sabahmuswang SC won an unexpected victory as Myson Shylla scored the first goal in all the minutes of play. to beat Nangbah Ïawmusiang SC by 1 point in the Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy tournament organized by WJDSA, Jowai at Kiang Stadium. Stadium Stadium, Jowai.
On the other hand, the Rangbah of the Raid agreed to discuss within the Raid how to proceed to improve the sacred place of the Raid Nongtham.
The flat forest areas are suitable for tea cultivation.
PN Syiem did not say, “I am the second Tirot Singh”.
It is a good example for other villages. If we cannot reconcile with ourselves, how can we expect to reconcile with foreigners (Meghalaya-Assam-Bangladesh).
In the final match of the day, Umsohsun SC beat Lummawbah Sports Club 4-3
The floods have affected 396.27 hectares of farmland in Dhemaji district.
Not only that, but at the same time, we become wise and intelligent people after we have experienced being deceived and deceived by those who deceive us.
At the same time, he said that although the state is still short of meat supply, compared to previous years, the production of meat has increased significantly.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Nonglyndoh and Nongkhrah has also held a meeting to discuss the issue of the PWD department's failure to clean up the road. The road, which has been stalled for more than four years, has not been completed by the contractor.
“Through the promise of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, we expect that the work will start soon to provide convenience to the passengers,” said Bah Syngkrem.
In Jaipur, supporters of Pilot and Gehlot have gathered in front of their homes today.
Vice President Jagdeep Dhankhar, Lok Sabha Speaker Om Birla, Union Ministers including Amit Shah, Rajnath Singh and Kiren Rijiju and other dignitaries.
Ma OR Shallam, President Seinraij Jowai on Tuesday said that the Seinraij has decided to continue the closure of the markets until the 28th of this month.
Mizoram and Nagaland will play first in the semifinal at 11 am on Sunday, followed by Meghalaya and Manipur at 4:30 pm.
JOWAI: Up to 235 cows were seized by BSF troops from East and West Jaintia Hills Districts.
Therefore, he noticed that many of the participants in the opening ceremony of the tournament are still many and have to continue because they are young.
Then there was the traditional song competition and the Song Premium.
Besides these programmes, a special song was performed by the students of B.D. On this occasion, the PCI leaders, Pastors of KJP Assembly, KJP Eastern Synod, KJP Western Synod, JRTS teachers, parents, relatives of B.D graduates, and others.
Shillong: The Khatarshnong Block Tournament ended at the Kongthong Stadium on Tuesday.
If it doesn't work anymore, the people will demolish and sell the tar and silver that built the tower.
Bishop Ferdinand Dkhar said the Church needs dedicated people to serve God, the faithful of his Church and fellow human beings. to the young women of the Church and to the parents to encourage their children to become Priests, Religious and Brothers to come forward to become Priests, Religious and Brothers, Headcatechists and Workers Churches that are dedicated to spreading the Gospel to all people and to serving and caring for the believers and fellow human beings as much as they can.
“Once the Reservation Policy has been improved, the distribution of all will no longer have that problem and for this purpose we have to go to the people, that we need to make that strong demand, so that the government will listen".
When he was persecuted, he did not go alone, but led his followers.
It is worth mentioning that in every meeting scheduled for the Governor to be the chief guest, the meeting starts exactly at the right time and even if there is a big difference, the time will be within minutes but the Governor arrived after more than 2 hours to the teachers' meeting.
He said the party has written to the party headquarters that it is ready to contest the mid-term elections in Shella and it has many members who have joined the constituency.
The flag of the Seng Khasi was also lowered by the Seng Khasi leaders who also gave advice on the dress code and other advice.
In Zone 1 (Group-A), East Khasi Hills CA will play against Ri-Bhoi DCA, while in Zone 2, SGH will play against East Garo Hills DCA. The Minister of State has approved the names of the members of the Expert Committee for the review of the recruitment quota in the State.
He said that even from the roads, the influx of foreigners into the state has increased, and if the railway comes, it will increase even more because it will encourage foreigners to enter the state. succeed in this state by rail.
Cham-Cham Secondary School won 14 medals, including 5 gold, 5 silver and 4 bronze medals.
Isaiah 6:8–13.
The smuggled goods were handed over to the Customs office and the Police for further investigation.
Ribarson Kharbihkhiew (27), of Nongmynsong, Shillong, has been admitted to Unit 2 of Shillong for COVID-1 Shillong, on 25.05.2021 and passed away on 1st July
It is learned that from the young girls of the North East, these five persons have earned up to T.400 lakh per annum.
Are we really masters? Apart from these lives, all these things will be in vain if we forget that the plants, the grass, the fields, the fig trees, the ja-ut, the ja-thang, the ja-ngew, ja-raiñ, jhur, jhep, soh ki pai, trees, siej, tyrkhang, phlang and even garbage and medicinal plants are the most important living things for us human beings, for the and also the beasts, and the fowls of the air.
Commenting on the High Court's ruling, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said, “As the Minister of Home Affairs, I am pleased to see that the High Court has praised the government's decision to release 30 buses for school students and office workers in July this year.
Conrad said the participation of the youth is essential not only in politics, but in other areas of social service.
Shillong, July 06: Corruption of more than 13 lakh tyngka in the past 40 years has been revealed today from Nongpyrdi Village under Mawkynrew C&RD Block.
The Rangbah said, “Yes, it is... I will come later.
Lucifer's pride destroyed him, and he said in his heart – I will ascend to heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God (above others) ... I will ascend beyond the clouds. be as the Most High” Isaiah 14:13-1
The Center will focus on high-value varieties without the need for a lot of space.
“Up to 20 cities from across the North East will take part in the tournament to win a prize of Rs 3 lakh,” said Abhijeet Oberoi, CEO of the Genesis Max Foundation. joined hands with the school to organize the tournament.
When inquired where the Enforcement Police of KHADC are responsible for patrolling to prevent such an incident, sources from the Enforcement Police said that it was 9 pm. that the police have not yet come to work, and while the KHADC police have not yet worked, the Council has to think and look after the Chowkidar.
Jowai, Jymmang 11: Eleven persons who have received discretionary grant scheme from Ma MB Rymbai, Chief Executive Member of Jaintia District Council, Jowai District Council today lodged a complaint at Jowai Police Station. , in which they alleged that Ma Rymbai, had stolen the money in the names of people including Ma Coming Pyrtuh, Mol Dkhar, Dre Dkhar, Tyrshaiñ Pyrtuh, Hom Chyrmang, Kong Rijoy Pyrtuh, Chilty Kyndait, Rinisha Kyndait, Sil Lyngdoh, Mera Khyriem and Phul Sana.
The arrested were identified as Victor Ujichukwu Okeke, 30, and Ifechkwu Emmanuel Obi, 34, both Nigerians.
The National Highway 40 starts from Jorabad and ends at Dawki and is 162.661 km long.
Shillong, Naitung 11 : The High Court of Meghalaya today ordered that it is not allowed to cut down trees until the work has been awarded and the work of the first phase of the project has started. package-I) of the Shillong-Dawki road by the contractor.
“Regarding Block-II, the Chairman of the Regional Committee from Assam is Pijush Hazarika and we will meet with him to discuss the arrangements for Block-II,” said Prestone.
On the other hand, the Seng wants to know from the government whether the decision to suspend the casino was before or after the complaint of the Seng. Three casinos have been licensed in Ribhoi District and it is on this basis that the Seng does not accept the statement of Conrad. Sangma only on the lips without proper writing.
“During the meeting, the leaders of the Sengbhalang urged the members not to cause any trouble but they could not control it,” he said.
When I went to check, four bullets hit the first target, one bullet hit the second target and one hit the third target.
In the Khasi language, it is used to describe the opposition to one's church as shitniam, but this word does not only mean shitniam but also means to sit-shit kulmar without understanding exactly why.
The meeting was held at the Hall Mission Compound, Shillong, where Kurs from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills District attended the annual meeting of the Kurs.
In 2014, Nurul had applied to the Meghalaya High Court for permission to appear before the ADM, Ampati.
It strives as much as it can to provide knowledge of God and worldly knowledge.
Lyngdoh is currently studying for his PhD in Linguistics from NEHU. He is also doing research on people with disabilities under the supervision of the National Center for promotion of employment  for disabled people  Delhi.
Speaking to media, the Minister of State for Meghalaya, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar said that the purpose of the inspection was to understand the feelings and wishes of the people on the activities of the border areas. mediation before the two governments make a final decision.
When asked about other demands of the party, he said that they don't want to express them yet but they will express them to the government when the peace talks are held.
The kidnappers, including Saydul Islam, Raju and Mujuib, fled the scene in the darkness of the night and the girls were brought back. Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills, said that the victims were arrested on Wednesday morning.
Shillong: Former HSPDP East Khasi Hills President Martle N Mukhim has expressed his deep sorrow over the confusion over the post of Lamphang after the death of the Lamphang. Dr Donkupar Roy's surprise.
The satisfaction of those who send care is checked from time to time.
He said that most of the residents are farming, soh and others and these days the jhur and jhep are still starting to grow well and the soh has started to bloom, but and all the crops were destroyed by the frost.
Mondal also congratulated the Ministry for organizing this seminar in the region as it is a good opportunity for the state and the region to take advantage of other opportunities through New & Renewable Energy. that the shortage of electricity in the state cannot be met.
In the 2nd Division, Mylliem SC beat Riatsamthiah SC by N. Thangkiew 22' while B. Masharing 33'
The following are some of the habits of the healthiest people in the world:-DO NOT SMOKE:- Quitting smoking can prolong your life and keep you alive.
The 'tang jait' of the Khasi has been one of the ways to help the 'rang Khasi' who have come to live with other non-Khasis.
However, to say that we have to build such a two lane road is unacceptable.
“It is very difficult for me as an MLA to do anything else. How can the damage be done? If it is necessary to help a household, even if it is T.5000 per household, the cost is too high. “If you count my MLA Scheme from 2013 until now, it will not be enough. I will try to create assistance but I urge the government to do what needs to be done,” said Bah Witting Mawsor. when speaking to Rupang.
The deprivation of all desires by children at an early age causes them to decline in human values ​​and increase the value of charitable deeds.
At such times, it is a great loss to the entire state that Ma Ieid Hoping Stone Lyngdoh is not with us.
Regarding the TUR's visit to help the land vendors, Nickson said, “I am not a member of this group, I don't know what its purpose is when it visits the land vendors. If you ask me, I don't know what you think. The government has banned the market vendors, but once you turn to the Secretariat, the Dkhars have also banned them. When asked whether these statements of the HYC mean that the TUR of the country is against foreigners, “We cannot I don't want to say anything about their struggle, their sleep but we make it clear that we will help only our own flesh and blood and we will not turn to others who are not of our race”.
Mukhim said that the presence of too much ash poses a threat to the people who eat these forcibly processed meats which can affect the health of the people who eat these meats. pigs and chickens that have been slaughtered; However, she said that she cannot say that and it is on this basis that the department has sent to the Veterinary Department to test and examine these pigs to see if they are suitable for slaughter. kiss.
Shillong: Seven murderers have escaped from Jowai Jail on Saturday.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 31: A Mahindra vehicle carrying these fish overturned in the middle of the highway at 19 mer ha Ri. -Fear.
For in the name of Jesus every knee shall bow, and every tongue shall confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.
Nongpoh: Two Union Ministers, Kapil Moreshwar Patil, Union Minister of State for Pachayati Raj, Prahlad Singh Patel and Jal Shakti, today visited the Inspect the implementation of several schemes of the Central Government in the villages of Ri Bhoi.
Parents of children who received the Bible in 2006, pray earnestly and pray in the name of Jesus, “Get out of my child, I pray to you in the name of Jesus. Jesus".
Is this true if the government will forgive the tax on the price of petrol/diesel at petrol pumps here in Meghalaya? If it is true, I have 5 vehicles and I fill about 5 liters of petrol a day and each vehicle consumes 25 – 30 liters of petrol.
Josiah Momin (28) and Kevin Christopher (20) were among the bowlers who helped the team to score the most runs against Kerala.
In the course of time, on the anniversary of the death of her father, Rida also received the fruits of her hard work in the matriculation results.
This book was published by Sarahline Giri Tham, the great great granddaughter of the poet Soso Tham.
Jowai: The All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Transporters Association (AJCCTA) has strongly condemned a 2-star policeman for allegedly mistreating a young woman working as a lawyer until she had to lodge an Ejahar.
“It is wrong, I feel that thoughtless speech should stop because it misleads the people,” said the MP. When asked, the Congress leader said that the VPP and BJP have the same methods of working, namely to destroy churches/religions, society and political parties.
Shillong, Nailar 14 : OM Roy Memorial Secondary School, St Anthony's LP School and Shillong College have won the title of the 28th Inter School Karate Tournament came to an end on Saturday in Laban.
“I reminded the DC that my name as a local MLA should be on the Maw Foundation but the DC replied by saying “Protocol Doesn't Allowed” and after that I put When asked what protocol he was talking about and where he got the order, the DC replied that the Political Department has ordered him not to write the name of anyone, except her. When I asked who ordered him, the DC said it was MS Rao,” said Mawsor.
The BRO has also stated in its reply affidavit that vehicles carrying more than 10 metric tonnes should not be allowed to pass through the bridge.
In all these encounters Jesus did not look down on them, but he spoke to them and listened to them.
Shillong, Lber 25: The Union Home Minister, Nityanand Rai, on Tuesday said that the Assam Rifles have been not only the protectors of the country from foreign enemies, but also the protectors of the country. also fighters against forests, drug trafficking and other crimes.
You have a letter sent from Delhi.
Speaking on the occasion, the Congress leaders and candidates said that as of now, the Congress has great hope that from Ri Bhoi, the candidates from the party will achieve their goal. success.
Nongpoh: The Acting Syiem of Myllien Hima and the Executive Dorbar of Mylliem Hima, Shillong, have issued an Order No.MS/V-67/89-19/1936, July and also followed by the Order No.MS/V07/89-19/2368-74 of August 2019 that the Sanad No.MS/V07/89-15/1836 of November 2015, has been repealed. and removed Bah Ioanis Narleng from the post of Rangbah Shnong of Baridua.
The auction bid by the Government of India for Air India will end on 17th October
The cultivation of rice has also declined gradually since these years especially in the areas of Khliehriat, Dkhiah, Rymbai, Ladrymbai and spread throughout the Jaintia Hills.
He said that in June 2020, the state government had imposed a tax on diesel of 13% and petrol of 22% and petrol and diesel do not have GST as they fall under the MVATax.
They have become stone roads, dirt roads and shyiap roads.
" she said.
“We want to implement this scheme in a clean and transparent manner,” the government said.
In the second attempt he managed to reach 16.63m.
It is learned that the youth was on his way to Shillong when the incident occurred.
Even when I walk on the streets, there are people who stop me, I never say no, because we are representatives of the people".
Dr Nongrum announced this at a special seminar held by the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) on Tuesday on the topic, “Socio-Economic Status of Single Mother's”. The meeting was held at the Conference Room of the State Convention Centre, Shillong with the support of the National Commission for Women, New Delhi.
Those students who have achieved this percentage can send a copy of their marksheet to 8413805987 and the date of receipt of marksheet is from today 4th. November to November 25, 2023.
“They gave with their right hand and took back with their left hand after the election,” said Bah Adelbert.
Shillong, June 08: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) has strongly condemned the threat of bomb blasts in schools.
Hundreds of people from all over the country attended the ceremony including the Minister of Transport and others, Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, Sutnga Saipung MLA Shitlang Pale, Prof. Henry Lamin, MDCs and others. .
Speaking at the meeting, Kohli said that this is the first Polling Booth Samelan in the state and a similar program will be held in Khasi Hills and soon. Garo Hills.
The District Magistrate has issued an order to implement the order of the National Green Tribunal and this order will apply throughout the district.
Meanwhile, BJP candidate Denestar Pariong from Rambrai-Jyrngam Constituency has registered his nomination papers in the presence of PD Sangma, Assistant Returning Officer, Nongstoin. Pelcy Snaitang, Vice President of BJP Mahila Morcha State, R. Shangpliang, President of BJP Rambrai and former MDC T. Wanniang of Nongstoin.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 was played on Tuesday at the 3rd Ground MFA Turf Polo.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah BJ Kharshandi, MCS, SDO (C) of Ranikor Civil Sub Division, expressed his gratitude to the office of the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District for taking over this award. to organize such games which will be an inspiration for the students especially so that they can showcase and showcase their talents.
“Don't worry too much, mother,” said the son.
On the other hand, the union is surprised that the nurses on duty cannot sleep in the nursing room.
In the past 24 hours, there have been 29,429 new cases of Covid-19 in India and 582 deaths.
When the Report of the Expert Committee reaches the hands of the Government, the Government will play a tactical role. This is a sensitive issue between the two races.
On the other hand, Bah Titos expressed his condolences and said that he had last spoken to him on the 23rd of March by phone.
Marangbah used to come home at about 6 or 7 o'clock in the evening, because of his busy schedule.
During his visit, Amit Shah inaugurated the Cryogenic Oxygen Plant and the Children's Ward at Umsawli.
Shillong, Naitung 04 : The Meghalaya Police today announced that it has appointed a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to investigate the incident of a bomb blast on Tuesday. Blei in Lumkynsai, Smit, which took one human soul.
The temperature is expected to continue for the next three to four days, with temperatures reaching 45 and 47 degrees in the past few days.
“What benefit will it be to a man if he gains the whole world but forfeits his soul? (Mark 8:36).
Shillong: Heavy rainfall since 20th July 2020, has caused damage and flooding in many parts of Shillong.
“For 7 months now, this bank has not been able to provide services and many of the people have expressed their dissatisfaction because even to increase the amount of money deposited in the passbook,” said Ma Lakhon Biam MDC. Thain has met with the bank employees on Thursday.
'Ah ko Pa' He prayed there, Let this cup pass from me, But not my will, but your will, O Father.
He said that in this age, it is impossible to say that everyone should become football players. He feels that as children, we have to prepare and start. to walk the path, where if the child really has that talent he will be able to continue while the one who doesn't have the talent will have to stop and play a thousand times himself.
Jowai: A fire broke out in the house of Tikna Hadem in Mushort village, West Jaintia Hills District this afternoon.
He added, “We will fight hard for our childless elder, who understands, knows and knows better.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 21 : Pyndenkynshliah Lower Primary School and Upper Primary School beat Nongkdait Social Welfare Organization 7-0 in the Chief Minister's Football Tournament. The District Level Under-12 Years Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District.
This is also true in that we can all witness that on the Lord's Day all the villages and townships are closed and many markets are closed on this day. They are Christians, but when the people don't come because it is their day of worship, then only a few people open shops and sell, not as usual.
Charles Marngar said that the people of Ri Bhoi should have turned around in the 2023 election where they have already experienced what has been done by those wealthy leaders who came to vote. khun na Ri Bhoi District only to mislead the people and the goal from behind is only to be in power in order to seize the wealth within the Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking to these employees of the Council, they expressed many of their problems especially to provide for the household of the Council from food, clothing, the needs of their children in education, health and others. the needs of the day.
Replying to the statement by BJP Minister Kiren Rijiju that the state will get ILP only if the BJP comes to power, Roykupar said the BJP should not issue a written statement on this issue. speak only in the ranks and take, election opportunity this issue of the people for their political gain.
If you are interested, please text us at
It is no longer strict but strict.
The BJP is the party that has joined hands with the UDP under the NEDA and said that the party has to support the UDP in KHADC in this election. The UDP has decided to appoint Bah HS Shylla as the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
I believe that the government will not ask for money from us if we don't ask for it.
Regarding the stabbing case in Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The HANM Nong Nah unit has expressed its deep sorrow over the village of Nongktieh, Nongnah SWKH, which has been in darkness for more than 6 months, since the transformer broke down. loss of income to the residents.
They got off the Night Super Bus in the morning and planned to board three taxis specially prepared to pick them up.
We will resume operations against this case in the next 10 days".
Kiming Dkhar scored the second goal for Moolamanoh SC in the 37th minute and Jesly Sungoh (own goal) in the 90'+1 minute.
It is worth mentioning that many women in Ri-Bhoi area have been able to support themselves by selling street vendors and from their speech it is understood that they earn about T.500 tyngka per day, but There are also days when they die in the market and there are days when they live in the market but the total income of them is T.500 tyngka per day.
This order will be in force in all Nartiang Districts, West Jaintia Hills from now until the end of the Puja festival.
He said that after the grassroots tournament, the senior women's tournament will start which is scheduled to be held in June.
These 18 polling stations include 8 in Mairang, 7 in Mawthadraishan and 3 in Rambrai.
U Prosenjit Chatterjee5.
Before that disease comes,I tell you, my friend,Don't go outside the border of the law,Ah! For the Khasi.
It is also their duty to ensure the cleanliness and safety of the market. The union also understands that if these shopkeepers, many of whom are indigenous, if they continue to accommodate these foreigners, The party will lodge a complaint with the authorities.
The result of that will be the outbreak of war in the countries of the world over food.
Regarding the incidents in Thangskai and Lapangap, after the news of these two incidents came out, the residents expressed their anger at the actions of the state police, because in the incident that happened in Thangskai ha During the Public Hearing of Meghalaya Cements Limited or Topcem, it was clear that the police have bombed and tied the people who came out to protest against the authorities. District and MSPCB, where they built a Dara to hold at one place and informed that the Public Hearing has not been held anymore, while they held it at the Compound of MCL. The MCL position has made it clear that this public hearing has already been held, as it cannot be that the public hearing will be held in the right direction.
The players from Shillong in the Assam team are (L) LN Karamjee, (L) B Bose, (L) A Ahmed and foreign officials including PW Bullock, RF Kettle and L Atkins.
At the same time, she urged the government authorities to provide assistance as soon as possible, so that their families can be filled as usual.
On the issue, which the Rabha, Hajong, Koch and Bodo groups have demanded, the GHADC has strongly opposed how they should be allowed to participate. Many of these candidates have been MLAs and MDCs. The District Councils have also expressed the need to introduce financial support for these candidates. District Councils, as made separate for Panchayats and Municipalities, under Articles 243 (I) and (Y) respectively, which have already been inserted and suggested under the Article
Speaking to reporters, NCP President Wanbok Lyngdoh has appointed NCP President Sanbor as his replacement.
Those who wish to participate should notify at 6 pm on the 26th, while the race will start at 6:30 pm.
The Government after careful consideration has canceled the announcement issued on 13th July 2020 and has announced and changed the fare of trucks from T.7 to T.11 from T. T.8-12 to T10 per kilometer for road and T.10-12 to T.12 per kilometer for dirt road.
To avoid anything later in the bud.
The bridge was completed in November 2018 at a cost of T.4939.50 lakh and includes the construction of a 6.125 km road connecting Pynursla and Dawki on the Bangladesh border.
Both the teams scored 2-2 goals in the first half.
The three-day tournament was inaugurated by the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District Jagpal Singh Dhanoa (IPS) in the presence of the District Sports Officer, Kong SM Rapsang. DSO of West Khasi Hills, Balarina Syiem.
When asked why Roshan Warjri has resigned, the Prime Minister said he did not want to say anything about the reason as he has not yet received her resignation letter.
The Mawlyntriang Sports Club team has won the opening ceremony of the Tirot Sing Knockout Football Tournament
:The new Khasi song, "Dur bha brim", is a song sung by Ronald Mawthoh and featuring Isterwell Sujai and Puron Bandahun Lapang. I went to a studio called David Music Studio.
Assam Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said that a 16-year-old girl from Salmara Bongaingaon was in contact with those who attended the Markaz.
The AAY rice will be distributed at the rate of 35 kilos per household, free of charge.
SCA (B)'s Pushkar Raj scored 3/10, Basant Chettri (3/15) and Angkit Tamang (3/27).
There are 2 categories and within them there are 70 indicators.
The car, which was produced by Ratan Tata, was sold at a price of T.1 lakh, but later had to be increased in price, as it did not match the price of the car.
On the day the UCC comes into force, all Christian laws as well as those of the nation will die because they will no longer be recognized by any authority, whether Government Institutions or the judiciary. Judicial Institutions).
Eating these has a very negative impact on health and can also destroy a person's voice.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister acknowledged what the Opposition Leader Mukul Sangma said that many of the schemes have been cut, but the allocation of funds to many schemes in the budget is known. The ratio of 90:10 continues today, but the government continues to demand that Meghalaya should be recognized as a separate state.
The NPP, led by Conrad Kongkal Sangma as President, was recognized as a National Party in 2019, making it the first party in the North East to be recognized as a National Party.
I feel that as it is in this case, we have become more united as a nation,” he said.
Mawkyrwat MDC Carness Sohshang was the chief guest in the presence of SC Laloo, ADC South West Khasi Hills.
Even when the Assam government is fighting hard to stop the construction of the road from Pyndensohstap to Langpih, by sending police patrols every day to disrupt it, but with the stand and unity of the Assam government. The village headmen under the umbrella of VAOLC and the people, the Assam police cannot do anything.
“Therefore, I demand that the government should immediately arrest the contractor because it is a murder. If it happens in the morning, we don't know what will happen to the contractors. it happened last night.
At the same time, all players and managers will have to provide a COVID-19 vaccination certificate.
He said that the Nongspung Hima owns eight villages which have been conquered by Assam and said that the Raid Wah Mawtamur was led by the Syiem of Jirang Hima.
It would be a great blessing to our Khasi-Pnar women if the elders would think of using such tools so that women can escape from the work of harvesting rice.
In the final of the Khatarshnong Block (Male), Laitlyngkot GRCA beat JS Memorial School 3-0
Those over 65 years of age, those with two bodies and children under 10 years of age should stay at home, except for urgent matters.
Michelle, the actress of the film, in her speech after receiving the award, said that she is very proud of herself and feels that her hard work has not been in vain. For the citizens of Asia, receiving its award may be a dream come true for them.
“We, as responsible youth of Congress, want to know how this building can be built without permission? and why MUDA has not issued notice, why MUDA has turned a blind eye and who ordered them to do so,” he said.
It also means a relationship of mutual respect and mutual respect.
Speaking on the election campaign, Conrad said that the NPP will be able to form a government again in the past five years. alone.
Regarding the meeting with the Minister of Revenue, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, the Union urged the Minister to direct the relevant department to reduce the fee for land registration at the office of the Deputy Commissioner (DC). ) Ri-bhoi district.
Each team has been required to field three Under-18 players.
Mawsynram, Nailur, 06: The Mawsynram C&RD Block (KSMC&RDB) which includes four political parties, KSU, HANM, FKJGP, HYC and HUAM today held another public meeting to discuss the issue. The meeting was held at Mawsynram Market. The government should upgrade the Mawsynram Community and Rural Development Block to a Civil Sub Division.
As for the Israelites, their eyes were blinded.
I don't want to lose my life because I don't want to lose my life.
He said that the environmental degradation due to the destruction of water bodies needs to be protected, and this policy aims to curb such degradation which destroys rivers and streams in other parts of the state. .
The virus has infected more than 2 million people in the United States and killed 1,082 people in the past 24 hours, according to Johns Hopkins University.
He said that the goal of getting a Sub Division for Rongjeng and other offices to come to this area is the goal and desire of (L) PA Sangma for Rongjeng.
The party has strongly condemned the MLA of the area, Lahkmen Rymbui, who is also the Minister of Education, for not seeing the problem of the school building even though it is in his constituency.
The body was taken to the Civil Hospital for post mortem and the investigation is ongoing.
Application forms can be obtained from the office of the District Sports Officer, Nongpoh and the closing date for receipt of application forms is 6th June
Although they have complained to the authorities, they have listened to them and have not stopped their violence.
Neiphiu Rio, Chief Minister of Nagaland, said that through this Committee, they will talk to the Ministry of Power of the Government of India to provide the development requirements for the production of more electricity. electricity to meet the needs of the people in the North Eastern Region.
“These pigs were brought from West Bengal and after being brought they were placed in an isolation center at Upper Shillong and Kyrdemkulai, where doctors gave them vaccines and medicines and kept them for 10 to 12 days. and if you find that they are not sick, you will distribute them to the beneficiaries.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Union of Catholic Women, Shillong Archdiocese (SKKSA) has strongly condemned the incident in Manipur, where women have been treated unfairly and their dignity has been violated. unclean and defiled by the wicked.
Rida asked her mother, “Mother, now that I have received my resod, I have to think about where to go to class, which college to go to... How and where shall I go?” “Ap khun I'll think about it tonight.
Max Planck, a scientist, once said, “that science plays a role in burying things”.
If this is the case, the people will not be able to trust the border talks which will be held without inviting the journalists of our state,” said Bah Suchiang.
According to the director of the housing department, the private sector can also take advantage of this scheme as it does not only cover the rich but everyone.
The Chief Executive Members expressed their regret over the non-implementation of the Village Administration Bill 2015 and the unreasonable referral to the Ministry of Home Affairs by the former Governor.
“We are here not to convert people, all of us are Hindus because we are citizens of Hindustan.
Those who have been injected today and have completed both cycles, are
If it comes to the point that the world will accuse me of speaking and writing such articles, then it shows that I am speaking the truth and that our young people not only need to know but that they must know so that they can walk and it will be a protection for their lives.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 29: Cleanliness is essential in all the villages in the state.
He recalled that during the shooting of the film Khyndai Lad until 1 pm when the hungry could eat because there were still those who sold food on the street.
Chare Mulieh scored a hat-trick in the 85th, 89th and 90+2 minutes, Wanmiki Lyngdoh scored two goals in the 79th and 81st minutes and Needful. Shylla scored the assist in the 74th minute.
The festive spirit permeated throughout the Hotel, and it’s in keeping with the exuberance surrounding this celebration.
He said that many times there have been rumors that the Congress will not win but after the elections the Congress has come forward every year.
They want the Meghalaya government to agree with the Assam government on the border, for the Khasi, Nepali and Garo to live in peace, for the roads to reach all the villages and to be good. The Nepalis should return the lands they had taken from the Khasi and that the Hima Mynsaw should have a fair administration.
We meet every April to review the expenditure patterns including the states and based on the expenditure related to the work done, the budget is updated annually," he said.
British Prime Minister Rishi Sunak on Tuesday announced new measures and regulations that the government will implement as part of its efforts to curb the influx of illegal immigrants into the country.
She said she is now preparing to compete for the title of Miss India which will start in Guwahati on the 4th of July.
The whole world has not happened like what happened in Meghalaya because they can solve such problems.
One is that this government is now full of conflict or attempts to overthrow and the second is that this Chief Minister of the state, although he has held the post for a long time, he is only a tyngam and put turoi (kum 15th July) but no signs have been received yet in relation to the introduction of Block 1 &
After the ramhah cow, now, there is a ramhah ryngkuh cow and this is the one who is estimated to be the biggest cow in the world.
He continued the work started by Dr. William Carey and in 1834 he established three schools, at Sohra, Mawmluh and Mawsmai.
Guwahati: There will be 56 land seizures by the neighboring states of Arunachal Pradesh, Meghalaya, Nagaland and Mizoram in 2020, said the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs of the Assam government, U.S. Chandra Mohan Patowary in the House, today.
Other speakers who gave explanations were Bah PK Snaitang, Superintendent Supply (SS) Nongstoiñ, who spoke on the topic, “The Rights of Buyers” and Bah FB Khongnoh, Sub-Inspector Supply, South West. The meeting was conducted by the President of Mawkyrwat Youth Association, Bah Kitborsing Lyngdoh and a welcome speech by the General Secretary, Association of Mawkyrwat Youth Association. Mawkyrwat, and Dawnstar Marweiñ.
Happy Women's Sunday- Amen.
In a statement, the army said that traffic control has been imposed across the country and today, while the army is searching vehicles, The residents of the village, who are not from the village, have held a rally in front of the Dronacharya gate of the 58 Gorkha Training Centre. They will investigate immediately into the matter and it is after the meeting that the crowd will leave the area.
By Bah Philip Marweiñ Meghalaya has turned 47 years old since it gained its independence on 21st July,
The Sub-Inspector of Police, Bah E.Sohshang, expressed his concern over the number of accidents or collisions every year which the police have received through ejahars. He urged the drivers especially the young drivers to avoid alcohol while driving. At the same time, he urged those who walk on the road to be careful and follow the rules to avoid any danger, injury or tragic incident.
Argentina, which has invited some of the world's leading stars from the European Leagues including Real Madrid's Gabriel Deck, finished fourth in the World Cup. group after the Dominicans, Canada and Venezuela.
" He said, "It's okay, it's better that you leave this house.
Tlanding Wahlang of Mawkyrwat won the first prize, Ding Moo of Arunachal Pradesh won the first prize and Adinew Meconnen of Ethiopia won the third prize.
He said that the government is currently fighting to solve the problems faced by the electricity department and informed that the government through the Power Department has allocated funds for more than 300 new transformers so that they shall be able to rebuild the lost places in the villages.
Jowai, March 03 : The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy of the 1st Division Football Tournament, 2022 was held on Tuesday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
He said talks have been held with the Central Government to exempt Meghalaya from the implementation of the Act which accepts citizenship of Hindus, Christians, Sikhs, Jains, Buddhists from Afghanistan, Pakistan and Bangladesh.
Along with the letter of condolence to the Chief Minister, the government has completed the process as authorized by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the elderly residents of the village said that the village is one of the oldest villages, but only because of the neglect of the government and Nongmihkhmat, which The village has become backward and less people know about it and now it has only about 70 households.
“If the government continues to say that to take it here and there, it will be just a drama, you know what if it is just a drama of Bah M.Rapsang and the government because they were involved in the MDA government. “ he added.
The CDPO admitted that the reason for the cancellation was due to a typo in the name.
On this occasion, u Bah Hek also distributed tyllait kynbat machines, sunscreen and money to these herbalists who have already received training and certificate.
There are 36 independent candidates in the JHADC. Tomorrow's decision is also necessary for the nine MLAs contesting the MDC elections. KHADC MLA Pynshngainlang Syiem (Mawsynram) and Stephanson Mukhim Independent (War-East), HSPDP MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit (Nongkrem) and Plastingwell Pangniang (NCP) from Laban-Jyrngam. Mawprem, UDP MLA Remington Pyngrope (Mawkynrew), Metbah Lyngdoh (Mairang-Nongkhlaw) and Titosstarwell Chyne-UDP (Sohra).
Through this meeting, the HNYF led by Bah Marcus Marten, President of HNYF, Northern Region, together with the members of the HNYF, It is also a request to the Syiem Raid to verify the proper documents for the border areas with the documents that the people had before
We the residents of the village have accepted this motherhood from the government, the MLA and the PWD, the time has come to remember the mistake of 2018 we will get the land if they are wrong in 2023 we will get back the land Hey.
Bah Cavin M. Mylliemngap, MLA Sohra Constituency will be the chief guest.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPP) spokesperson Zenith Sangma on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by Conrad K Sangma has intended to hand over the land of MeECL to the MeECL. private companies to build malls, hotels on the basis of developing the tourism sector in the state at the expense of the residents.
How can the Assam government use this land without any border dispute? Mukroh does not fall under the 12 border dispute areas recognized by the governments of Assam and Meghalaya.
In a statement, HNYF Mawlai Circle President Bah S Rapsang said that Mukul Sangma and the police department should immediately stop the investigation into the leaders of various political parties as they are not insurgents. riew triumphant.
Speaking to media after the inspection, Samla Aristone Ryndongsngi President of RBYF Nongpoh Circle said that the RBYF Nongpoh Circle is deeply saddened by the complaint of the residents. , and it is on this basis that the union has conducted an inspection and found that the smell of iwtung from this place is so terrible that the people don't even know how to eat and drink.
There are many alcoholic beverages here on earth, one of the most commonly used by many people is “KYIAD” which has caused many families to collapse.
We also see that this festival has affected the Khasi people in the Hynniewtrep-Hynniew Skum.
The land for the construction of the church was donated to the Father Salesian by the Sohshang Kur. Pyndengrei and Mawlai together with private individuals.
The Waheh Shnong said that the Dorbar Shnong has also decided to reject the decision of Assam to pay compensation to the families of the four Khasi who were shot dead by the Assam police on the 22nd. this month.
Amen. Thirty-three people were killed and 22 others injured when a bus crashed near Srigwari in Keshwan, Kishtwar district of Jammu and Kashmir today.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Therefore, there is no end to man's knowledge of this wonderful and wonderful universe.
Many of the villagers who joined the armed groups were deceived by money and mobile phones.
Of these 134, 103 have been recovered this year.
How can we manifest the life of Jesus in our bodies?
The Government should understand that.
Police have immediately conducted an investigation into the incident.
Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova has warned that Russia will never forget Britain for working with the government in Ukraine and supplying weapons to the government in Kiev. .
Jowai, June 26 : The Chief Minister's District Level Inter School Athletic Meet (DSO) in collaboration with the West Jaintia Hills District Sports Association (WJDSA) has started today. The tournament will end on the 28th of this month at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai.
The flight will leave at 12 noon and return tomorrow at 2 pm, the report said.
In the United States, he said that if a farmer has to spend T.10 tyngka per kilo of rice from the beginning until the sale, the government will give him a subsidy of T.12 tyngka and Then he got T.2 tyngka and when he went to the market he sold it at a low price and there were many buyers and the money was flowing everywhere.
Now it is up to Bah Jemino to investigate the reason for his defeat, because outsiders will have reason to accuse that even the leaders of the UDP, secretly support the candidate of the UDP. The Congress party and if so, it will be the most violent turning point for this young man.
Before the arrest after the end of the first shad, there is another shad Wahkhen called 'Shad Mawja', the elders of the village said that before the shad and before the music The female ksing is first dressed in a 'Sapha' or suit and shor and after that all can take part in the dance.
Therefore, the Hima Khad-Ar Lyngdoh invites all the Sports Clubs, Raids and children of the Hima Khad-Ar Lyngdoh to come and take part in this event. Tamasa, at the same time, the Hima has welcomed foreigners to come and witness the event.
In these days, the news of the ban on beef has been a shocking news for the entire country and especially for the states in the North East.
What happens to her? She was thrown from a high floor and died, the dogs ate her.
Sikkim failed to reach the target of 393 runs, but lost for 64 runs in 40.5 overs.
Now I see that the understanding of the relationship between patriotism and the ability to rule has been lost.
The District Heads from the DC and Magistrates together with the Police Chiefs from the SP and Addl.SP tried to stop the students in the middle of the road, but the students did not listen at all. DC Office.
Marak to discuss the demand to upgrade the deficit status of Adhoc schools which have more than 2,248 schools.
He said that at about 10 pm, police stopped and searched the truck and seized two boxes of soap from two persons identified as Dony Paya Mulieh, 19 years old. of Khliehshnong, Lumshnong, and Langki Rymbai, 23, of Lumshnong, PS-Lumshnong, EJH. It was found to be 34.44 grams of heroin.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, General Secretary of the party, Bah Witting Mawsor, said, “How can we accept the name of Kong Fenela who is not a full member of the party”.
Speaking to the media, Bah Samborlang expressed the need to encourage the Khasi youth in cricket.
“Latiplang said that the metor issue is a security issue and the state government is looking into it through the High Level Committee.
Shillong Lajong, who are the defending champions, have the highest goal difference of +13 to +3 compared to Riangdo. second on the points table.
Speaking to reporters, Shibun said that Zenith's remarks are only political remarks and there is no problem for the BJP to accuse the Congress of inciting the authorities to come in to vote.
He also took 40 wickets in these two matches and in the T20 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy.
Mawkyrwat, July 04: U Bah Pius Marweiñ, MLA/MDC of Ranikor Constituency today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Integrated Block Development Complex. Ranikor C&RD Block at a cost of T.2 crore 77 lakh in the presence of government officials of Ranikor Civil Sub Division, South West Khasi Hills District.
“Sangma said the motorcycle ride is a celebration of Nari Shakti, which is an old custom of our culture and a demonstration of the power of women.
This blood donation is part of the celebration of World Blood Donor Day.
He said that if they do not have children, they are allowed to divorce because of the lack of destiny.
Therefore, we the SRT and RKS urge the KHADC not to fight the THMA BAREM BAD IAMREM which will destroy you who are not seeds.
The HNLC member, Edmund Nongsiej, 35, of East Khasi Hills, has been arrested by the SP (DSB) of East Khasi Hills. the latest news from the police.
The border dispute between the two states also led to bloodshed in November 2022 in which six Assam policemen and one civilian were killed after the outbreak of the violence. Heavy gunfire between Assam and Mizoram police.
According to the Chief Executive Member, Bah Titos W Chyne, these projects include the Traditional Medicine Center in Sohpetbneng.
Because of Lahkmen Rymbui, the UDP will lose confidence in Khasi and Jaintia.
Unlike the voter ID card that the villagers receive, the Aadhaar card does not contain any name of anyone or any authority.
Rajat won the welterweight category 63.5-67kg against Abhishek Yadav (Railways), while Akash won the Best Challenger Boxer category against Abhinab Saikia of Assam. light middleweight 67-71kg.
It is pertinent to note further that such accounting should be in accordance with customs and without going beyond them.
These include EGH: 1, EJH: 1, EKH: 26, Ri Bhoi: 1 and WKH:
However, due to lack of funds, it had to be canceled and immediately lost the opportunity to participate.
It is more appropriate to call them Hynniewtrep or those who live to the east of Mookyndur Khynriam and Pnar to the east.
The Minister said that Meghalaya has nearly 14,000 schools and more than 55,000 teachers, which is a high number compared to other small states in the North East.
At present, there are only four B.Ed Colleges in the state and only seven District Institutes of Education and Training in the state.
Scale : the root of the tree is the length of the tree that grows on the ground; the book is long from end to end.
Teachers are appointed to teach schools and not to do other jobs and send teachers to those who are not qualified and should not leave school except in case of illness or injury.
The State has sent five teams including Basketball, Badminton, Athletics, Boxing, Shooting, Table Tennis, Football and Judo.
Shillong: Football tournament will continue at Bakur Stadium on the first day of June.
When asked about the allegation that the Pynursla road is due to the quarrying of stones, he said, “It is not due to the quarrying of stones in Pynursla. rain".
Expressing the need to implement the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma said that the Citizenship Act 2019 has affected the minorities in Meghalaya. special protection for indigenous peoples, although the CAA will not apply to the Sixth Schedule areas.
"We have decided to contest the election together and the detailed requirements will be arranged at the meeting to be held in Shimla," Kumar said.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) on Thursday sent a special team to investigate the Ukrainian shelling of the town of Hroza, which killed 52 people. in the explosion of the missile fired by Russia.
The SP warned the public against spreading false news and if found guilty they will be punished according to the rules of law.
As the leader, Bah Mayral Born Syiem also wants the government to recognize the Nongtluh area as a producer of Jain Ryndia and Ksai ryndia.
There was also a discussion in the online meeting for the opening of the secondary school at Riangmang UP School with the Sub-Divisional Education Officer.
The reopening of the school is also a great joy.
The remaining 150 will be trained in the second and third phases.
These countries, together with the UN, have set a goal to achieve this goal by 2030, wanting all citizens of the world to live in prosperity and peace.
CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Bah Pynshngain N. Syiem will be the chief guest.
Roma beat CSKA Moscow 3-0 with Edin Dzeko scoring two goals and Cengiz Under scoring six goals.
It was also found that the deterioration of the road is getting worse now where during the rainy season the pedestrians have to face pum pum and during the rainy season the road is filled with water.
This eclipse of the sun at noon and the eclipse of the moon at midnight on the same mountain is an event caused by the dance of the earth at its own side and dancing around the moon. day and happens once every year.
Nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more” (Isaiah 2:4). a peaceful country or state where the citizens can shout for joy or rejoice and be glad.
The Center aims to find ways and means to produce quality and affordable food products made from Sohphan for the benefit of farmers and entrepreneurs.
it is not for us to fight against the government which does all these things for the good of the country and the nation.
I pray for Modi to understand and listen to the people of India.
Replying to the memorandum, Ma Lahkmen said that starting government colleges is not easy but it is pleasant that Jaintia Hills is fortunate to have three People's Colleges at a cost of Rs 10 crore per annum.
They are Dr. Ranjita Achom and Dr. Konsam Shyamsunder.
He said that in the last election, the government of the National League for Democracy (NLD) should have been formed but there were those who turned away and went to board the bus to support the National Party.
The mother cried out in the middle of the letter.
That means that Jesus is likened to a lowly slave.
He said that this health center is very important for pregnant women and children, because it is far away to go to Nongstoiñ or Markasa PHC.
Boy’s Higher Secondary School, Jowai (Batch 2017-18)
Both these teams have won two of their four matches.
The clinic included theoretical and practical training on the rules of sports management and fitness of the referees.
In the 42nd minute, the ball went to the crossbar of H Elias and OM Roy's goal. in the goal.
After a meeting with the MLCU authorities, Khyriem said that the MLCU has set the rules for admitting these children.
Not only that, KJ Alphonse also met with various societies and religious leaders on Mawphanlur Hill and after visiting Mawphanlur Hill, Alphonse also visited Mawphanlur Hill. Mawlangsu Market in the presence of BJP candidate from Rambrai S.Marak and party leaders.
This is a big surprise, because it is a one-sided difference between those who have been injected and those who have not been injected,” said Adelbert.
Swer said that according to the 2011 census, only 8.9 percent of the population belongs to the traditional religion and they wrote to the government in 2015 that they should receive benefits from the government as minorities. but the government has not done anything yet.
“I have spoken by taking the example of the media in the world, in India and in other states of India, so that such a thing will not happen in this state either. ", said the MLA of Nongkrem.
Moolamylliang is also famous for its cleanliness and abundance of trees.
The Chief Minister said he would report to the BJP leadership in Delhi on the resignation of the State President of the Meghalaya unit.
In another match, Tentation beat Dubakh 'D' 37-17 points and L.Kharkongor of Tentation won the player of the match.
Why, then, do you baptize or immerse a person or believer in water? The reason is that a person who calls himself a Christian or a follower of Jesus Christ must be immersed in water or baptized, and baptism can be done after repentance.
Assam Police on Tuesday said that a robber from Delhi has been arrested by the Government Railway Police (GRP) for allegedly robbing try to steal the gold.
You have a great joy! Six days later Hiram went to Rikynti to drink water.
It cannot be said that there are animals or human beings living there, as there are on this Earth of ours, but the human mind does not rest.
So, be realistic parents, not to be burdened with a bad reputation.
“However, it is surprising to see that the state unit AITC has not been able to raise the issue of implementation of the ILP in the state, because in the past when we were in the Congress, we had taken part. “It's a good idea to support the resolution to demand that the central government should grant the ILP,” he said.
Up to 32 teams have participated in the 1st MLA Cup 2022 and no players from outside Mawkyrwat Constituency will be allowed to participate in the tournament. the skills of their own people in various sports.
“The resolve to publish the names of the children selected for admission to KG classes has been revoked several times,” the newspaper said. government to register their people".
Manchester United and Arsenal have been linked with a deal for Kylian Mbappe, who has been linked with a move from Paris Saint-Germain, although reports suggest that Real Madrid have not yet discussed a move. sign this chess player.
At the same time, the Waheh Shnong said that this is a difficult time for the residents of the village to get Jhur, Phan, Piat and other types of jhur. It is the time when the villagers, although they have their own gardens and cultivate Jhur every household, but it is still the time when they have started planting and burying and have not yet harvested. Jhur, such as presbin, phan, slapathaw, Shriew and other types of jhur which they get from the agriculture they grow in their farms, concluded the statement.
Shillong: The National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 will destroy the youth in education, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 will destroy the youth in education.
On receiving information about the accident, the Umsning Police Outpost rushed to the scene and helped to take the injured to hospital. Doctors said that one of the Laingut has already died, while the other has sustained serious injuries and was rushed to Shillong Hospital.
She went to him, poured oil...on his wounds and wiped them..." The Samaritan is a saint who stands for the people who are being persecuted and the saints must come forward to be light, peace, joyῆ and hope to the world.
The new CMD will be from the IAS or promoted from among the Engineers of MeECL but will be elected in a transparent manner.
Before the march, the district authorities of Ri Bhoi, had banned the people from walking around the pond, but after talks with these people, they said that they should walk around the pond. The district authorities have allowed them to walk from the beginning to the end of the pond.
At the rally, Congress leaders shouted slogans against the BJP and carried placards condemning the party.
How sad it is to see that many of those who have been appointed as leaders, although they have the desire to leave the job, do not have the skills because they have not received the right training. enough how to do the work as leaders.
This decision is a good example that as the people of Mawlai when we understand the value and benefits of this right how to prevent the problems and suffering caused by this Corona Virus Covid-1 They will listen to this decision and encourage each of you.
“However, he didn't allow us to speak, when we gave our opinion, he told us to leave here now, I will dissolve the HSPDP Mairang,” said Shanlyngka.
The FKJGP said that the NPP does not claim to be a national party but now it is advocating for foreigners.
Furthermore, the road will be closed for three hours from 6 pm to 9 pm.
The report said that in relation to the State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF), the government has spent only T.12.00 crore and the unused money is T.29.70 crore. The non-use of this money has been a loss to the government.
"No," said Bahnah. "It's not my time to block Kali for a while... Let's go out..." said Bahnah.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Speaker of the House, Thomas A Sangma, MP from Tura, Agatha Sangma, Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang and others. Head of Government including the District Administration.
The meeting discussed the target for the implementation of these schemes for the next five years for the development of society and economic development in the state as a whole.
The DC, SP, West Khasi Hills, don't want to fight, but it seems that there is a common interest.
She said the state government will have to do better on this and will have to submit a report within six months.
A day before the Chad Sukra festival of the Seinraij Jowai on Sunday, the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has decided to work hard to remove the garbage that has been left for more than a month in Iawmusiang.
“From Cherrapunjee to Laitlyngkot a distance of about 18 miles, there is a useful road which is capable of much improvement at a very moderate cost.
As announced initially, the tournament, which will include six teams from neighboring countries and those still within the continent, will be held from 2 to 17 November. 2023.
“The truth is that the minister wants to cover up the delays in relation to this project.
Sometimes God acts as if he doesn't see, but now he commands all people everywhere to repent, because he has set a day when he will judge the world in righteousness by that man ( Jesus) whom he appointed" Acts 17:30-3
The first Block Convention on the Meghalaya Early Childhood Development (ECD) Mission was held in South West Garo Hills – an important milestone in improving the well-being of the society.
The tournament was opened by Ranikor MLA Pius Marwein who encouraged the players to take action to win by using their talents.
In the 2nd Division, Umphynai SC beat Sohiong 3-0 with the goals scored by H. Kharkongor 33' and R Khongnoh 73',
On the number of candidates from North Shillong, Bah Ransom expressed his satisfaction, “North Shillong has always been regarded as the brain of the state and the number of candidates will bring a clean fight".
You say that the BJP and the NPP are not confident of winning, but we have worked hard and we are confident of winning.
And he said unto him, There was a certain rich man, which had blessed him exceedingly; to drink, to be merry.
Ferdynald Kharkamni, gave a special thanks to the staff of the Covid-19 Screening Point at Umling and congratulated and congratulated all the health workers, who were willing to come forward. The battlefield is to prevent the spread of Covid-1
The Seng is pleased to announce that there is no benefit in having a Personal Interview for these Grades or Groups.
When they visited the Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (JNV), they found that the garbage dumps are not working properly and all the garbage flows into the Mawphlang Dam which is the water source for all the residents of Shillong.
He urged the Survey of India to continue the survey of the seven surveys that had been completed in the first phase and to complete the survey.
We strongly condemn the violence in all aspects especially in educational institutions, places of worship, women and children.
Shillong: The KJP Youth Assembly through the Christian Multimedia Ministry Committee has launched its own channel on local cable networks.
There the foreigner lives and works hard day and night to fill the household and when he thinks he feels sorry for his fellow citizens who are suffering in the country. Our Khasi, because they are rich, if a foreigner says to increase the rent, they rymmuiñ ha lyndet lyndet and say sted artad 'to mama '.
The authorities inform that the children who play should also bring their birth certificates to verify their birthdays and a newly printed passport size photograph.
The victim was drowned while trying to cross the Kombe River but fell into the water.
They said that now that it is rainy season and strong wind, they are sleeping on the ground and the water passes through the place where they sleep.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: Salahuddin Ahmed, 54, Joint Secretary of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP) has been arrested on charges of smuggling into Meghalaya without proper documents.
On the other hand, the union strongly condemns the factory's actions due to excessive pollution and pollution, and the union also condemns the factory's lack of respect for the health of the people living around the area. It is also an act of violence against the cleanliness of the area which the government has decided to curb.
On the other hand, Bah Lamare also referred to Sections 330, 331 & 348 of the Indian Penal Code which deal with the rights of private individuals from violence and harassment by the police.
On the other hand, he urged the children to be responsible and value education especially in this age when everyone is looking for education but as children they are to learn how to manage their time and the skills they have to go hand in hand with their skills and education so that they can reach the goals they want in their lives.
This behavior of the filmmakers has made the owners of the theaters unacceptable because they understand that they have suffered a huge loss since the ban on Bollywood films in the country.
He said that the foundation stone will be laid in June or June this year according to the government.
Nongpoh: U Bah Bilyfullstar Marbaniang of Umran Dairy village has died after being hit by a dumper (MP-65). -H-0287.
“Go away, you've become water,” said Gracia, cleaning the kitchen.
They were taken to Nongstoin Civil Hospital for further treatment.
One of these ambulances was donated by Bah Pyniaid from the CMSRDF scheme and two others were donated through the salary and MDC scheme. “The villages are in need of assistance when they face the problems of illness and death,” he said.
In the resurrection therefore, when they shall rise, whose wife shall she be of the seven? Why doesn't everyone marry her?!.
In a letter sent to the Member Secretary of the Law Commission, HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin said, “We would like to suggest to the Commission not to suggest to the Central Government not to implement the The UCC in Meghalaya will violate the existing customs and traditions, violate the provisions of the Sixth Scheduled and the powers of the Autonomous District Councils, violate the separation of powers between the The Central Government and the State Governments will also deal with religious matters.
On the same day, MPESA also held a welcome ceremony for Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President, MSOA who was willing to agree to assist the organization as an Adviser and the Chairman, the On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President, MPESA, said that after receiving the letter and especially after seeing the problems faced by the MPESA, It was decided to accept and assist as much as possible to the association as an adviser so that they can reach the goal in the journey of the association of young people who have completed the training of Physical Instructor.
I don't feel that I have any complaint, but if I fight with the UDP, it's because it conflicts with the principles, but I don't complain and if the UDP doesn't support, I don't feel anything.
Agnes Mueni Mutua, 36, whose fastest time to complete the 21k marathon was 1 hour 14 minutes, recently competed in Tanzania 2022, Rwanda 2023 for the first time. in India.
I am from Bri Hynniewtrep, the land of my ancestors, which was annexed to the Dominion of India between 1947-48 through the IOA and which was upgraded to the 6th Schedule of the Constitution.
And so in Psalm 54:4 it says, "Behold, God is my helper, and the LORD my support.
Due to the low intake of maize during the Rabi Marketing Season (RMS) 2022-23, all States are urged to plant maize on time and promise to receive maize in the RMS 2023-24 ban.
I am Langdoh Lamat (age 51) wife of Bah B. Dhar (age 56) resident of Lumphyllut, Umkiang East Jaintia Hills. Khliehriat I would like to express my strong condemnation to the police who have arrested him on charges of rape just because he is a former member of the HNLC. Bangladesh and after his release from jail in 2017 he has a clean relationship with the party and he has been in the village and has worked as much as he can in the village besides being old and with children. Their hands were long and strong, and they had children and grandchildren.
The surprise visit was led by the Executive Member in-Charge Trade, Bah Gigur Myrthong, who was accompanied by MDCs, Gabriel Wahlang and Fantin Lakadong, the Syiem of the Hima. Mylliem, Ainam Manik Syiem and District Magistrate.
Only 15 selected players will be allowed to represent the state in Gujarat, while the remaining players will have to return to their home state.
In a statement, the Sirdar of the Elaka, Bah PS Khongbeh, said that the meeting on 28th November, 2016, discussed the intention of the state government to acquire and make all the land government land. not under the Hima Sirdarship.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today strongly condemned the attack on Agnes Kharshiing in Jaintia Hills.
“If the Supreme Court has banned the mining of coal, then what other method of mining coal have they prepared because until now we have not seen what method of mining coal they will implement in the state,” said Pala.
Dr. Lynrah expressed the need to work hard from the early classes to the higher secondary level with the commitment to seek the necessary information at the right time.
The Seng also urges all the Khasi brothers and sisters to be ready because this action of foreigners is a ploy to implement their plans, which they have had since ancient times.
The protest began after the residents of Manipur took to the streets to hold a march in the tribal districts against the Meitei people who demand Schedule Tribe status.
Condolences to the widows and children of those farmers who have had to lose their lives just because of the poverty and the burden of their families. their family.8.
He suggested that if any political parties, private individuals or leaders have the intention to encourage the paradoh parasnam who live in the border areas, it is better to contact or inform the authorities. The district administration has been able to understand the situation in these areas and this visit to encourage will not bring any conflict in these areas.
“In the 2018 elections, people have been charged with 5,000 tyngka per family. in 2017," said Bah Paul.
Earlier, the HITO had held a rally by vehicles from Lad Umsaw in front of the office of the Syiem Raid Marwet.
“Secondly, even if the amendment does not happen, it means that the division committee will conduct another re-registration of the constituencies as there are constituencies with up to 50,000 voters and some with up to 20,0 after.
“The Minister has received false information when he said that there are only 10 Gram Sevik posts vacant in the district.
Besides the ship, a Bangladeshi, who was the driver of the ship, was also arrested.
They are literate intellectuals who can discuss with the ministers of the CM in Delhi and also officers in various ministries.
“Now these elephants have started chasing away the people and this has encouraged the people especially the farmers because they don't want to go to farm anymore,” said the Minister of Domsohkhai, Bah Slanborlang Kharryja. .
There are people who want us to hold meetings on such days.
The HYC leader said that the government has violated the functions of the District Council. “It has not violated the functions of the CEM or EM, but it has violated the rights of the District Council. Our bloodline and the 6th Schedule,” he said.
This is planned to be implemented only in one shift and it is planned to be implemented from 2024 and it is also planned to be implemented again from
This directive is in accordance with Rules 16, 17 and 18 of the Prevention Cruelly Animals (Livestock Market Rules 2017) and Rules 77, 80, 83 and 84 of the Transport of Animals (Amendment) Rules
Referring to the accusation that the state is a corruption state, Dr Mukul said he does not want the beautiful Meghalaya to be accused of being a corruption state.
In the first half, Rangdajied FC struggled to fight against Lajong who continued to fail in many of their attempts, although the SLFC team was in this position. it’s still not what’s lacking in terms of humor.
During his visit to the market, the Prime Minister had the opportunity to shake hands and greet the residents of the market and it was seen that many of them turned to him to take pictures.
He said that it is necessary for the Khasi youth to express their identity so that their customs and traditions will remain strong and will never be lost.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Commerce Stream, Ma Rymbui said that the 35 years of journey of Nongtalang College has been achieved through the cooperation of the Governing Body, teachers, students and all those involved with the college. .
He also urged the owners of this house to take good care of this house especially to have love and understanding in the family in order to bring about a good and peaceful family.
Khliehriat, June 4 : The East Jaintia National Council (ENC) today submitted a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, A. Baranwal (IAS). , regarding the various posts within the District Selection Committee in the EJHD. are the residents of this area.
Without the BJP, we cannot form a government here in Meghalaya,” he said.
We have full confidence in his leadership and wish him the best," he added.
Is this the way of the police to flee from the place where they are supposed to protect the border? This behavior of the police will surely destroy the trust of the people.
Banteidor said this at an awareness meeting on these three main areas convened by the Thynroit Village Teachers Welfare Committee last month at Thynroit.
Budget – The budget allocated for the implementation period in the State Government for the purpose of building and developing the people in the community and for the maintenance of public facilities in the community.
Jesus said, “Man, where are your accusers? Doesn't anyone condemn you? The answer is "Yes, Lord.
If we say that the Government of India has not appointed ADCs; in their place, however, they shall be recognized as Chiefs, Doloiships, Wahadarships, Priesthoods, etc.
The Secretary of the Living Roots Festival, Bah W.Majaw, said that in Tyrna District there are two living tree bridges, which are nearly 100 years old and the tallest is 85 feet. It is also the second tallest in Meghalaya.
Declining to disclose the names of the people who have applied for tickets, Bah Metbah said, “I cannot say anything yet, there are many and we will discuss first at the party meeting and after that. we will let you know.
This too is a very wrong idea.
Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Mawlangwir, Mawten Secondary School and Little Star Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat were in the Junior Category while Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawlangwir was in the Senior Category.
When asked whether the district authorities will close down the school if they find that it will not be safe for the students, Thorose said, “For now we have to wait for the school. ripod, but if they close, we too have a thought for the students not to lose their education this year, now you see that the month of June has come, where will the children go? “We have decided to find a place elsewhere for a while until all the requirements are met,” said Thorose.
In Manipur, the Chief Minister of Manipur, Biren Singh, who is also the leader of the BJP party in Manipur, has said that the NPP does not need to be in the government because they have won. The BJP party alone has the majority.
South Tura MLA John Leslee Sangma, Gambegre MLA Saleng Sangma, former Minister CB Marak and others attended the meeting.
Also present on the occasion were the elders of the area, leaders and members of EJHDFA and others.
Nine-year-old Aidalin had to take care of her blind mother and two brothers by working in the neighbourhood.
On the other hand, Sagar expressed his regret that he could not win the gold medal in the tournament.
Earlier, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the power outage has been reduced and now there are only a few areas affected by the power outage for only 10 hours.
Gratitude was also expressed to the Pastors, Elders of the Presbyterian Church, leaders of the Church of God Ummulong, Seventh Day Adventist Ummulong, Niamtre Ummulong, and all the residents of Ummulong.
The Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana for 2017-18 has been increased to T.19,000 crore.
SQAY Martial Arts is a sport that originated in India and has been in Goa for a long time.
Thomas said that in the past years, Star Cement has also expanded its activities and the public hearing in this regard has been seen as one-sided. The protest sent by the union to the Meghalaya Pollution Control Board has been rejected.
To improve your physical and mental health, take steps to reduce stress.
Speaking to reporters after attending the swearing-in ceremony of the new Governor at Raj Bhavan, Conrad said, “We have told Amit Shah that we will take a decision that the ILP should not be implemented. implemented in the state".
Bah Paul Lyngdoh expressed his satisfaction with the growth of the sports industry.
We’re here to discuss a serious matter, we’re here to respond.
We will take a decision in due course.
Police, accompanying Macron, quickly arrested the man and took the president to a remote location.
The injured include Salnation D. Shira, 19, Tian Momin, 20, Sonahar Ali Khan, Napoleon Chiran, R Sangma, Vincent K. Marak, R. Syiemiong, Sujit Baruah. Dilbag Singh, Khela Ch.
Remember that those who accuse Dr Aman War, will be punished one day and it will turn against them because when you accuse there must be proper grounds,” said Bah Sawkmie.
Speaking on his journey as a child born in Rangblang in a poor family, the Bishop said that from the beginning of his school life, he was filled with miracles. in your lifetime.
Wilson Nongrum won the Player of the Match award with 4/15 goals, Iainehskhem Lyngkhoi (2/13) and James Clifford Shylla (2/20).
Leaders of the KSU led by Richest Malngiang and Shelkitbok Kharbani have expressed to Rakkam A Sangma the issue of the students after the KSU has received a complaint from the students of the state who will sit for the examination. CSIR NET exam 2023.
(4) To preserve or improve the laws, customs and culture of the Khasi people.
Therefore, by putting forward the youth and how to empower them, the government has also introduced the Sports Policy, which is a new chapter for the development of the youth.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KSU North Khasi Hills President Ferdynald K Kharkamni said that these Himas include Jirang, Nongspung, Marwet, Nongspung and Nongtung. From time to time, because of the courage of Assam to invade.
There are also those who say that they can do whatever they want but this is just a statement, but if the state government has been able to fully implement the Indian Forest Act, no one will be able to do whatever they want. I didn't want to cut down a single tree.
Nongpoh: Although Ma Vincent H. Pala, MP candidate of the Congress Party, did not attend the public meeting of the Congress Party, which was held today at Madan Umsning, He has been able to conduct a smooth campaign in order to publicize his name in preparation for the upcoming MP elections.
Four people have died from the disease, bringing the total number of deaths from COVID-19 to 1546 and 157 new cases on Sunday.
We should congratulate the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills District Council, Bah Hisphreachering Son Shylla, the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh and the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Bah Ainam Syiem along with several others. MDCs who took the initiative to hold a meeting at Iewduh on the 6th November, 2018 and to speak clearly at Basa Iewdielang to the buyers and sellers of agricultural products.
Speeches were also delivered by two TB survivors who shared what they have experienced and urged those who have contracted TB to follow the instructions of the doctors so that they can get healing from this disease.
We all say that we are foreigners, but it is better for us to look at ourselves first, whether we are foreigners or not. The whole world knows that.
Besides, the number of staff of the PHC from doctors and nurses does not match the number of patients.
Shillong: The Malangkhona Out-Post, which was closed on 26th July 2020, has resumed operations from today.
After the meeting, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne told reporters, “As it is clear that they have brought up the lack of confidence, the speaker has shown that they have brought up this issue by themselves. I said there is no reason, this is just a political arrangement to surprise the UDP and to work with the Congress under the leadership of the NPP”.
Across the country, 14,000 cases have been reported in the past 24 hours, bringing the total to 1,09,77,387, while the total number of recoveries has risen to 1,06,78,0 The death toll has risen to 101 in the past 24 hours, the health ministry said.
In the women's 50 kg category, Pynsuklang Lyngdoh (Seng Khasi College) won by defeating Daihunshisha Mawlong.
Teachers and staff of Deficit Schools who have been appointed in Sanction Posts, and who have joined before 1st June, 2010, shall continue to receive CPF and those who have joined after 1st June, From 1st June 2010 onwards, they will be included in the National Pension Scheme (NPS).
“MDA Sadhiarani Sangma, speaking at the meeting, condemned the lack of responsibility of the MDA Government to address the issue of teachers in the State.
The race was divided into two categories, one of 21 Kms and the other of 10 Kms.
“Therefore, I send this message to the state government to postpone this notification until we have clarified.
Speaking on India's rise in the world rankings, the Minister said, “We no longer need to go to other countries for assistance.
He said that so far, 111 villages have received assistance from this scheme and only one household has received assistance.
In fact, the area is dominated by farmers but the lack of roads has left the area behind.
Jha, who contested from Jhanjharpur constituency in Bihar, was ninth out of 19 candidates and received 7192 votes.
Shillong: Leading leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Monday visited Rongjeng, East Garo Hills District to meet with the residents and office bearers of the party who want the party to win the elections. They were born in Garo Hills.
Many of the works are still pending and have not been implemented as in the Civil Sub-Divisions, Blocks and Districts as well.
Such education may be related to states such as Tamil Nadu and Kerala, which have advanced in education and the use of the Internet and others.
D.Vishwa is also studying B.Com at Loyola College, Chennai and is also a member of the Tamizhaga Table Tennis Association (TTTA).
Several other residents of the area have sustained serious injuries.
The schools that received the Smart Interactive Panel include Tep Kyndait Government Upper Primary School (Tuber), Sutnga Government Upper Primary School (Sutnga), Khliehriat Higher Secondary School, Khliehriat, Sutnga Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Sutnga, Dkhiah Presbyterian Secondary School, Tluh, Tluh, Sacred Heart Higher Secondary School, Lamyrsiang, Tia Chaphrang Higher Secondary School, Sohkymphor and Little Star Academy Star Academy Secondary school, Khliehriat.
We all know that Thomas Jones is known as the 'father of the Khasi language', JJM Nichol Roy as the father of the District Council, and so on.
“We on the part of the Government are trying as far as possible that these people should get a fair trial," he added.
And love does not accept violence or robbery and is not afraid to fight against those forces.
