Without this, there is no connection with India.
“The recent news of making Hindi compulsory is a challenge to the Hynniewtrep people and the HITO urges the CM to include the Khasi language in the list of Hindi languages. 8"The HITO has also said that it will not only eradicate in this area but all over the Bri U Hynniewtrep where foreigners are trying to destroy the indigenous languages ​​of the country. state.
Gokhale also recalled the visit of Bah Prestone Tynsong to Shillong in the first month of April and the support of these leaders of the state government will not stop the meeting. The Meghalaya Trinamool Congress Committee (MNC) led by Dr Mukul Sangma, Charles Pyngrope and George B Lyngdoh as its leaders will be able to expose the serious corruption and corruption in the MDA government. current.
With the aim of helping the Pnars to understand the Word of God clearly when they hear it in their own language, the Pnar Linguist (company) has been able to translate the Bible into the Pnar Language.
Remember, we have elected a government that will take over in October 2023 and will hold power for five years.
Selfishness is also a characteristic that God hates. “And they said, Go to, let us build us a city and a city” (Genesis 11:4).
She said that in other states, they have started training for health workers and leaders on how to use ventilators and also how to treat patients who use ventilators.
“I am very sorry to speak, but I have to speak the truth and that is, that you should know the nature of man.
However, according to the information received by the members of the Seng and Enforcement, many of these vehicles were owned by Khasi residents of Pynursla area. The Enforcement Department has taken action to track down the owners of these vehicles.
Shillong, November 01 : Shillong Lajong FC have reached the quarter final of the Invitation Knockout Football Tournament 2022-23, organized by the New Nongstoin Sports Social and Cultural Club.
When asked where she markets her products, she said that the kajor is transported to Shillong and at the time of harvest, if the kajor is good, it is transported to Shillong twice a month. Mahindra Pickup also drove other types of vehicles.
The football match between Langsning FC and Khlieh Mawlieh YC was held at Madan Rowell Lyngdoh Stadium in Mawlangwir South West Khasi Hills District today. Langsning FC scored five goals against Mawlieh YC in the first leg of the tournament.
Shillong: The 11th Babu Ondromoni Dkhar Memorial and 14th IP Das Memorial Inter School Cricket Tournament 2019 of the Under-17 and Under-14 tournament organized by the Shillong Cricket Association (SCA) started today at the MCA Cricket Ground. Polo.
Officials of the Health Department and the Assistant Sector Magistrate Urban Area will monitor the health situation in the area and the Health Department will take all necessary measures.
Shillong, June 23 : U Minister of Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal today said that Meghalaya, which is facing the problem of hydropower generation, has time to find ways and means to generate electricity through hydropower. There is another way to produce electricity by turning to Renewable Energy or solar energy.
To this day, these mythologies are still standing in this country despite the misguided leadership of the Nongwei shi-sngi, who has been accused and criticized by the rich of the world today. that they are the greatest destroyers of about half the Earth's crust.
She also advised her son to be obedient and obedient to his mother and father.
Speech by Conrad K Sangma at the 25th Anniversary Celebration of Umpohliew Jingtip Higher Secondary School at Nongbsap, Sohiong.
“He said the MoU has gone beyond the documents submitted by the State Government but the Chief Minister replied that it is difficult to go beyond the 2011 report.
The Court's conclusion after seven years of litigation that the State Government should implement the Central Government Act for the livelihood of land dealers has ended with the Court's order.
The first speech was delivered by the President of the Association, Bah Danny Dunaiu who spoke on how as citizens they should have responsibility and how to respect the time and duties they do.
“In the past few years, we have an MLA from Nongkrem, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, who has stood firmly against the mining of uranium. When asked whether the KSU will demand that the Legislative Assembly should pass a resolution against the uranium mining in Jaduguda, he said. “We don't need to teach them schools, if they love the nation they should understand their duty,” said Samla Lambok.
She also congratulated Bah Ransom Sutnga and Mawlai MLA Bah PT Sawkmie who helped for the prize money for the winner and runner up.
“The doors are still open for talks with the HNLC, and that too will be announced on the day of the Republic Day speech.
However, after the rules were released to the media, it was found that only the villages in Meghalaya will go to Assam.
Meghalaya beat Manipur by 33 runs in the Vijay Hazare Trophy Domestic Men's One Day Tournament in Jaipur on Sunday.
Perhaps it is not possible to set up a hospital in Amlarem because it is too close to Jaraiñ PHC and the population in Amlarem area is too small.
The song 'Kongdeng Kongnah ha u Prah', composed by Bah Smiling Mylliemngap and sung by Bah Skhem Marboh, is the most popular song to date.
When measuring the construction of the road which should have been 25 meters, but from the meter that has been dug, it was seen that the soil has reached near the parts connected to the Mynkreh River. , in this regard, they urged the officers and the contractor to remove the land before the rainy season.
However, until now, this issue has remained in the custody of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government.
Shillong: U Bah HS Shylla, former Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council, on Tuesday called a meeting of the leaders of civil society, political parties, Hima/Village Chiefs, MPs. MLA/MDC), Leaders and anyone interested, on the 9th November 2019, at 2 pm, at the Community Hall of Dong Mission.
“The functioning of 140 transit homes has been strengthened by upgrading 20 Community Health Centers to Referral Units,” said the Governor. growth in the last few years in this state.
The CCIB demands that the signboard should be thoroughly considered and arranged so that no land will be lost to Bangladesh when the signboard is erected.
Shillong, Lber 16: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that all the MDCs of KHADC want to become CEMs. “In just 10 years, how many ECs have changed and how many have become CEMs and how many have become CEMs,” said Dr Sangma. the CEM does not oppose".
Therefore, we cannot fully explain the miracles of Jesus without reading and understanding the time and place in which Jesus lived and the circumstances of that time.
“The Prime Minister said that the Covid-19 pandemic reminds the people that health is the basis of the decisions we take.
On the other hand, Bah Hamlet expressed his surprise that many of the candidates don't talk about their election issues but only criticize him.
He said the implementation of Article 371 A in Nagaland and Article G in Mizoram is sufficient evidence to prove that the Riewlum have the right to live according to their faith and culture.
Bah Nongsiang said that in any way the door and curtain of Dr Laloo opens when the teachers go to tied it from time to time.
Not only that, but there has been a dispute between the Haryana ruling party, the BJP and the JJP. Not only that, there have been many complaints against the farmers, but , these too had to be removed and not only that, there was a public apology.
Discussing the development works for the benefit of the people, the Nongpoh MLA said that if there is any issue for the benefit of the people in the district, the MLAs or MDCs should “To support each other so that the demand will be successful,” said the Nongpoh MLA.
Why? Because he does not understand the value of his human life here on earth.
DGP Gaurav Yadav said that under a special operation to arrest those members involved in illegal activities as well as those who are still on the run from those who have been arrested under the NDPS, the Punjab Police. have arrested 828 accused persons who have escaped from the clutches of the law since October 16, 2022.
The EM in charge of Forest Department, KHADC, Grace Mary Kharpuri, said that the KHADC has already allocated T.16 lakh for the construction of the KHADC building at Law Adong.
The Khasi of our country live only in the bishni.
• India should be a Hindu state, which means the country of Hindus. Hindutva is the ideology of Hindus such as the RSS (Rashtriya Swayamsevak Samaj) which started in 1925 in Nagpur.
Lapang said that the current Congress leaders want to remove many of the leaders who have died and say that they don't need them anymore and that is why they have many leaders. There are now leaders in various states who have left the Congress.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that if those who live outside the state, especially those who are not in the Redzones, come back now, it will be a big threat to them. The state as a whole, especially those who will return, are those who live in the Redzone area.
“We are ready to inform the High Court of this and it will be up to the Court to take the necessary action,” he said.
Ma Wailadmiki urged the residents of Khliehïongriang to register their citizenship and to register their EPIC as the residents of this village have names around the polling stations.
Once you feel too smart, you can overflow.
Therefore, I feel that their view of putting forward the main issues is completely wrong,” said Bah Paul.
Last year, a similar campaign was launched as part of the 'Azadi Ka Amrit Mohatsav' implemented by the Government of India.
Other speakers included DM CSC-SPV, Shri Buhlut Suna, Rangbah Shnong Mukhla Nongrim and Nang Oo Chwa Sari.
They also said that through the freedom of movement of vehicles from outside Meghalaya, they have started to smuggle people to Sohra, Mawlynnong.
Shillong, Lber 19: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today said that the Community Health Centers (CHCs) and Primary Health Centers (PHCs) in the state do not have medicines. don't give it to the people.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Mizoram, Tawnluia this month announced that the state government under the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme has taken special measures to provide drinking water to the people of Mizoram. all the families from the rural areas.
Overall, China had about 670 million visitors in 2019 before the outbreak of Covid-1
When Samuel arrived in Bethlehem, he anointed Jesse and his sons.
Regarding the damage to the General Assembly hall, the leaders of the neighboring villages, including in collaboration with various church groups, have decided to work together for the purpose of working together. as much as possible to improve the venue for the meeting.
Shillong, Lber 10 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has received a lot of praise for its success in organizing the Monolith Festival from 07th to 09th of this month at Mawphlang. at the same time there was a storm on one side.
The future is bright.
In the junior boys (45 kg), North Garo Hills won by South West Khasi Hills.
How much more so, it is not necessary to keep a detailed and accurate account of where the money comes from and where it goes.
Now, if we go back to the state government regarding the salary of the players, it is understood that the period of signing contracts between the clubs and the players is until the end of the SSA season. The contract that the players start earning from the clubs is after the clubs have already taken part in the Inter Club Transfer with the SSA and after this, the payment of the The training session for the players starts from the day the coach has gathered all the players to start training as part of the preparations for the SSA tournament which will last until the end of the month. between November and other clubs who intend to participate in the I.League, their contract continues until the end of the season.
Love acts like a cleanser and allows the course of life to change.
The tournament will be held from 15th to 20th July at Tura, West Garo Hills District and will be inaugurated by the President of India Droupadi Murmu as the chief guest.
YC Pdengkarong beat Man I Bha SC 2-0 in the Super Division Football League match sponsored by ASSA at Ladjaplem Mini Stadium, Amlarem on Monday.
“On the preparations for the elections in Meghalaya, Ao said the party's encouragement is ongoing and acknowledged that there are weak seats and constituencies.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government has issued special rules for government ministers and government officials who travel abroad.
God does not respect human wisdom according to the flesh.
“The people of this state will always trust the Congress in the MDC and MP elections,” he said.
Documents required to be submitted include Aadhaar Card, MGNREGA Job Card, Passbook without Bank or Post Office ID, Health Insurance Smart Card issued under the Scheme. Ministry of Labour, Driving License, Pan Card, Smart Card issued by RGI under NPR, Indian Passport, Pension Card without photograph, Service Identity Cards without photograph Central/State Government/PSUs/Public Limited Companies, Official Identity Card issued by MPs/MLAs/MLCs and Unique Identity ID (UDID) Card, M/o Social Justice & Empowerment of the Government of India.
Shillong: Shillong today received 34.2 mm of rainfall, while Sohra received 18.2 mm and Umiam received 10.2 mm.
The purpose of CUET is to reduce the difficulties faced by students because in the past, there was a requirement for them to score more than 90% to get into the universities of their choice.
Sanaullah also said that Imran Khan is an enemy of the Pakistani government under the leadership of the PML-N and Khan has taken advantage of politics in these ways.
In this regard, the Women's Church of Nongstoin Presbytery has handed over to the Presbyterian Church New Nongstoin to take part in the event.
On the other hand, Dharmendra Pradhan promised to take action on this issue so that the SSA teachers and Midday Meal workers will not face any problems in the future.
One of the discussions of the pastors was on the infiltration of the RSS which is trying to spread religion in the country.
“As you know that the MLA has left the party, for that reason it is not easy for us to contest even though we have to maintain the party's foundation and vote bank as well.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that it is the main objective of the Meghalaya government to promote tourism in the state in order to boost employment. jam to the youth of the state.
“They prayed for them that they might receive the Holy Spirit” (Acts 8:15).
Speaking to reporters, Aminul said the AIUDF leaders also met with RJD leader Lalu Prasad Yadav and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. State of Bihar – Tejashwi Yadav.
District Police Chief Bikram D. Marak, Deputy Superintendent of Police (HQ) Bah MJ Marngar, Deputy Superintendent of Police (Crime) Bah MJ Marngar, Deputy Superintendent of Police (Crime) CW Lyngdoh, and K. Suchiang Sub Inspector In-charge, Tiehwih Bn.
On the day of the market in Pynursla, it was learned that the residents of Pynursla were shocked when they stopped because of the continuous movement of stone vehicles.
The North East Dialogue Forum will hold a meeting on Environmental Protection, Conservation and Conservation on Friday, 26/09/2019 from 11 am at the Khasi National Durbar Hall, Mawkhar.
“It is illegal to register voters because they have already registered themselves in their constituencies,” said Bah Paul.
Referring to the ethnic parties, Bobeeta said that the ethnic parties need to be strong, the Congress party has always done this to strengthen them without affecting them while the BJP is fighting to prevent the ethnic parties from being strong. rise.
There should be no disturbance in the peace and order...what has to be done must be regulated through the law.
Not only can you cook it but ginger is also commonly used for skin care.
On the same day, Bah Sanbor also handed over the work orders for the construction of RCC slab on the river from Smile Scholl at Dhobi Ghat to the residence of Bah John Wahlang and others at Jumer Lane Laban which is about 1.2036 km. , at a cost of T.1.13 crore and other work orders for the construction of the road from the bridge near the house of Kong Nora Hynniewta to Ekindro Diengdoh to the PWD road opposite the MeECL office in Mawnei, which is about 0.281 km away at a cost of T.4.72 crore.
The word Raksha Bandhan in Sanskrit means “the bond of protection”.
Looking back a few years ago, the number of villages with roads was still very low because the government was still poor at that time, and those who got roads were only those who had MLAs who were ministers. government and schemes from the central government are also not enough.
Those who need urgently must obtain permission from the Waheh Shnong Ialong to enter and leave the village.
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that there has been a strong demand to improve the services of the Shillong Municipal Board but the Board is facing difficulties due to lack of funds.
He said that according to Rules 41 of the Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Act, 2013, it clearly states that they must first obtain permission from the District Council. However, he said that the NBCC has used force and has been working on the signboard without getting permission from the District Council.
He said that the position of the Sengbhalang has not changed and they stand firm on the position that the government should implement the ILP in the state. Members of the State, the people, Village Leaders in the city and suburbs and throughout the State to attend the meeting.
On the other hand, the union has also met with the residents of Block II to ask questions before the two states resume the border demarcation in the second phase. Khasi villages in Raid Nongtung want to belong to Meghalaya and not Assam because their documents from EPIC, land titles are in MeghalayaOther non-Khasi ethnic groups living in Meghalaya They don't allow them to go to Assam or Meghalaya just to live in peace, but the Meghalaya government should listen to the Khasi people living in this area.
Khimusniang scored 181 runs in 17.2 overs for the loss of four wickets.
After the end of the strike, all the members discussed and unanimously decided that until the Government of India implements their demands, they will not stop the strike from time to time.
In fact, the relatives of these children have met with the school authorities but the school authorities have not allowed the journalists to enter but have confirmed that they will send people to search. to these children.
I congratulate all those who have achieved this goal".
The Government, beneficiaries and groups of private individuals from within and outside the State are free to acquire and purchase land without restriction in the name of economic development.
The handover ceremony was led by KSU Mawlai Circle President Biangbor Paliar and KSU Nonglum Unit President Samla Wanstep Dkhar. KSU Nonglum Unit General Secretary Franky Lamin and other members of the KSU Nonglum Unit.
These include East Khasi Hills 155, West Garo Hills 58, Ri Bhoi 12, South West Garo Hills 5, West Khasi Hills 1, South West Khasi Hills 2, West Jaintia Hills 6, North Garo Hills 7, South Garo Hills Eastern West Khasi Hills 1, East Jaintia Hills 2 and East Garo Hills
For example, the mother of the Mawri clan is from Laitkon, the oldest and first village of the Mawri clan.
“We strongly oppose the government's decision to extend the term of office of the GHADC for another six months,” said NPP spokesperson James Sangma in a meeting with reporters at the NPP office today. He said that the government's action is against the Constitution of the country, which does not have any rules on the postponement of elections after the expiry of the five-year term.
So far, three candidates have applied for tickets from the party, Dr. Adviser Pariong, Nestendar Nongdkhar and Gabriel Wahlang, MDC from the constituency.
He comes from a poor family, where his parents are only day and night workers, poor and uneducated, they have only a field of rice. to provide food.
Your time is short.
Police and investigation team rushed to the scene on receiving information about the incident.
There are 2,000 soldiers from all over the country living in Delhi Cantonment who have been infected with the disease.
In another match of Zone 1 of Group A, Ri-Bhoi DCA won the toss and elected to bat first, but they managed to finish only 16.3 overs before the match was allowed. stop because of being disturbed by rain.
On the other hand, the people's leaders especially the village headmen will also bring many issues of the area before the Prime Minister on that day, the source said.
Therefore, we need to focus on this issue.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has expressed its strong opposition to the Government's plan to require No Objection Certificate (NoC) from the shopkeepers. The incident occurred along the 7mer Upper Shillong Road.
Besides, she said that they will not even have a place to live.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Twitter, has congratulated MeECL, Minister of Electricity James Sangma and NEEPCO for their ability to negotiate to improve the electricity supply of NEEPCO. .
Regarding the demand of the Government College for the Eastern College, the Seng invites and urges all the Rangbah Shnongs of the area to cooperate with the Seng, so that the demand will be met. Amberlight Masharing said:
The injured were taken to Barpeta Medical College for further treatment.
In the women's category, Shallang Block beat Ri Mulliang Block 4-0 goals on Tuesday at NDSA Stadium, Nongpyndeng.
Theme: The 22nd of July, every year is a special day of the Khasi people, known as 'Thomas Jones Day'
He said this because there have been many demands that the CBI should investigate the incident.
The Government has allocated T.21.41 crore for the construction of the new market at Polo and it will be completed within two years.
The Minister of Agriculture, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on 26th June, said that 44 out of 50 cold storages are operational in the state.
In addition to the dead, 2,741 people have been injured since the attack began on Saturday.
There are 23 recoveries from the disease.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Bah Lyngdoh said that the residents of Pynursla still hold and love their customs and traditions. Bah Lyngdoh said that according to the rule of law, there will be no Rangbah Shnong in the country. Another thing is that the Raid Shabong says that the head of state whether it is the Rangbah Shnong or the Sordar is under other authorities. Although he is the head of the Khadar community, because many authorities are responsible for his working methods, Bah Lyngdoh does not want to discuss in detail the exploiters who want to benefit themselves when they try to mislead the rulers because whoever they cannot mislead they try to imitate without cause.
The recipients of the award are Kresenlang Dkhar, GMN Nursing, Edenginia Dkhar passed SSLC and Isynei Dkhar passed HSSLC.
Jowai, Jymmang 8: The War Jaintia Farmers Union, Amlarem has demanded that the State Government should increase the price of agricultural products such as synsar, kwai, tympew and other agricultural products due to the decline in the price of rice. which has caused losses to the farmers.
“He is a humble servant to the people and especially to the Garo people,” he said.
The discovery of new species of fungi is so rapid that we can discover about 800 new species within 10 years. The morphology & colors of the tits we eat are the same, because most of the time the tit bih infection is a misrecognition of the tit bam and the tit buit.
The Meghalaya Games, which is an opportunity for the youth to showcase their talents.
The symbol of Nepal is like a three-sided stick and is white or blue in colour.
When inquired from the Congress leaders, they said that many of the Congress leaders do not want to give ticket to Bah Vincent Pala MP of Shillong Seat. There is an allegation that Pala did not work hard for the party in the last MLA elections and this has been revealed through the statement of the Congress party against Pala.
He said that paragraph 12 A (b) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution should be enacted in the State in relation to the mining of coal because through this Act, the President of the country he may issue a public notice that the laws of the Central Government do not apply to the Sixth Schedule States.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Monday said that the state government is working hard to include the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
“In the last MLA election, everyone from Jaintia Hills voted for the NPP because they said that Prestone would become the prime minister and when it was announced that Prestone won. , everyone was happy," said Ma Pala.
“I don't feel useful to live here on earth anymore.
Mawkhar have won once, drawn once and lost three matches while Mawkhar are at the bottom of the table with 1 point.
On the other hand, NESO has announced that the 11th November will be a Black Day for the entire North East.
Referring to the Meghalaya Registration of Marriage Act, he said that here too they cannot prohibit a Muslim man from registering up to four wives as it is a Muslim law.
Although Jesus respected the Law and Commandments of the past, it is impossible to forcefully enforce the traditional laws or customs in order to condemn, reject, destroy or kill and enslave people.
The Khasi-Jaintia are a Schedule Tribe of Meghalaya.
Forgive! if you are stronger than you are.
The Chief Minister should have sent senior officers to find out whether the Khasi and Jaintia Hills was true or not. copy of that Notification for public information.
We have distributed the money fairly but since the change of government, it has been suspended.
GL Chyne Mylliem, EAC Amlarem Sub Division, blessed the trainees.
The Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal, accompanied by officials from the Umïam Dam, has personally inspected the site of the Umïam Dam.
With the election of Thangkhiew, the Meghalaya High Court has increased its number of judges to three.
The case was registered at Laban PS, as Sohiong Outpost falls under Laban PS and the case was sent to Sadar PS. He said that if she doesn't allow him to have sex with her, he will release the video and show it to his classmates. an.
On the other hand, Pa,im Ainam Syiem, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, said that the Hima Mylliem has allowed the use of plastic below 50 micron only last month. The use of plastic bags has been banned for a while but from today onwards, the use of plastic bags has been banned.
According to other Dkhars who live nearby, these shops were open only a few minutes before the petrol bomb was detonated, but suddenly 12 or 13 robbers attacked. They threw a petrol bomb and set fire to Sunil's shop and fled.
“I request the government to accept this and erect a statue of Kong Mavis Dunn Lyngdoh (bam kwai ha dwar U Blei) in the grounds of the State Central Library in honor of her services to the people. "people," said Mr. Metbah.
“We have found that the land is suitable for the cultivation of flowers and vegetables, free of coal pollution and water shortage.
He said that the Predicted Plan for 2024-2025 includes the 100 per cent rollout of ODF Plus, the construction of toilets in 1,10,240 households and 1553 thousand people who have been allocated PMAY. , to construct 570 Community Sanitary Complex Units and to implement 18 units of Fecal Sludge Management in addition to Govardhan Units and Plastic Waste Management Units to be constructed across the state.
Sushmaji has written to the Speaker (Meira Kumar) and ordered that the Question Hour should be suspended to allow time to discuss the issues facing the people of the North East. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Anurag Thakur.
The Nongkrem MLA said that in the Khasi community, even the people don't like to wear tiensih, especially the person in uniform.
The song features the Khasi tyngshop and puron, including Poibiang Phawa and Verityiwan Hynniewta, while the make up artist is Rockyland Laloo and the drone operator is Lumlang. Education.
However, I feel that the private individual will blame and complain and it is his responsibility and I have nothing to say about that".
Nongpoh: Leaders of the HANM, CoRP and other political parties in Ri Bhoi District, today learned that there has been a discrimination against the Khasi workers. They have been working at the National Bureau of Plant Genetic Resources (NBPGR), Regional at ICAR Umiam, because they have not received the right salary at the place where they work.
Kolkata: The All India Gem and Jewelery Domestic Council (ANC) has complained about the high price of GST for jewelers. the precious stones that are bought from abroad.
Parvathi had to sit on the grave of her beloved husband, NT Rama Rao (NTR) because N Chandrababu Naidu, who is the brother-in-law of NTR, had died. The Telegu Desam Party (TDP) has been auctioned to the Congress party, which NTR has been strongly opposed to.
Earson Sangma, 52, of Laitumkhrah, EK Hills, was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong on 21-05-2021. He died on 22-05-2 Johnson Laloo, 48, of Jaiaw Mawbynna, Shillong, died on May 19, 2021 at Dr. HG Roberts Hospital, Shillong.
Some of these children are involved in alcoholism, drug abuse, tattoos, marijuana, and the most terrible thing is the involvement in illegal activities that are widespread in society.
However, the Khasi since ancient times have thought carefully that the responsibility of ruling the village, township and Hima has been reserved for the man.
Nongpoh, Naitung 16: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District, today, strongly urged the Garo people not to violate the Khasi Jaintia identity by contesting the upcoming MDC elections. in the two District Councils, including the KHADC and JHADC, because according to the Constitution of India, the KHADC and JHADC are exclusively for the Khasi Pnar people.
They also spoke on the need to revive the Khasi culture, the need for cleanliness, the awareness to be smart and stingy to control income, to explain the dangers of uranium mining. , and the need to explain the importance of being godly to mankind.
On the MRSSAB, he said the government should consider what is sufficient and what is not.
At the same time, he said that people should understand that fishing is one of the ways to earn a living.
However, the state government has not yet met with the Defense Minister and other leaders to discuss the ILP demand after the central government implemented the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019, which has shook the world. in the face of opposition from the people and various political parties in the state and in other parts of the country.
He said that the police have registered a complaint against all the incidents and the law will take action. The law will do whatever it takes for all those people who are involved in these crimes.
The Mylliem MLA sent his nomination papers on 5th June.
They prayed that they would come forward.
Lion SC have qualified for the semi final after winning the quarter final against Iawmulong Nartiang.
Man, even elections are not an easy task to involve the people.
Speaking at the meeting, Kong Wandashisha Wahlang, one of the leading youths of Jirang area, expressed her intention to contest the upcoming elections.
Besides this treatment programme, the BSF also held a Weapon Exhibition for the students of Ramakrishna Mission School in Bholaganj. to learn about these weapons and which was also explained by the members of this army.
“Now we are surprised that the discussion has now been extended to the rank of Governor,” the letter said.
The tournament, which started on 13th July 2022, was inaugurated by the Minister of Mawkhlam-Nongpyndeng, Minister Balentin Sohlang. -Those who came to take part in this tournament.
According to reports, the Mexico-United States border area is the most dangerous for refugees, with more than 700 deaths and disappearances in 2022 from crossing the border. border.
Calling for the wisdom of the people, Bah Ardent said that the result of this election is a sign that no one can play with the people.
God loves us so much that even though we have lost His glory since we fell into sin, He still calls us to restore this glory once again in our lives. we.
Shillong, November 12: The Synod College has started a Master Degree or Post Graduate course in Political Science.
Some also bloom as soon as the harvest is over, and the fruit from these flowers ripens in the spring.
Step War said that the census of sordars in the village is not counted according to the kyntoit or villages, but is counted according to the number of people, which means that any households who agree with the sordar they who remained in another city also went to join themselves under his rule.
The boat ramp will be closed on that day and if anyone comes to visit on that day, the village cannot provide for them and the visitors have to take their own responsibility.
It is expected that the 3rd Himalaya Swimming Meet will be a tournament for many of the talented swimmers of the region.
It can also be noted that due to the inadequate roads, the roads have caused many problems in terms of development in Saipung area, which has been neglected by the leaders and also also in the government, which did not have the responsibility to take care of the problems of the people of the area.
Lavasa's wife is said to be the director of several companies after Lavasa took over as a member of the election commission.
BJP MLA from South Shillong Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai on Tuesday demanded the intervention of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar for the completion of the project. Smart City project in parts of your constituency within six months.
The Apostle Paul said, “I am not yet perfect, but I am pressing on.
“On the delay in payment of salaries, which after four months we teachers will have to take to the streets to demand, now at this meeting we have been able to discuss and take a decision that the government should “We will pay exactly every three months and the government has complied with our demand,” he said.
Many youths become involved in drug abuse because their parents do not have time to sit down or talk to them.
President Joe Biden has spoken about the need to curb the widespread use of guns after the incident.
He said that in the past, KHADC and JHADC were part of the United Khasi Jaintia Hills and had their own rules and regulations. In the case of KHADC and JHADC, their rules have been amended later.
Nongstoiñ: The Laitkseh Sport Club (LSC) has opened the 1st Laitkseh Baby League 2019 which is also a special football tournament for children. He was one of the most prominent leaders of West Khasi Hills as the chief guest.
Many other development projects under the MGNREGS scheme were also inaugurated during his visit to East Garo Hills.
The ICs have also been directed to conduct explanatory sessions on Traffic Rules and Regulations, safety measures related to driving motorcycles on the roads for both drivers and pedestrians and to more attention to school/college students to learn about road safety.
The 50 years that Meghalaya has passed through have been difficult and difficult because the State has not yet had a proper border, colored roads and proper roads. , adequate health facilities, adequate health facilities, adequate schools, adequate drinking water and many other shortcomings in all aspects.
It is through this contribution that Rev. (Dr).
The main crops are Sying, Synsar, Kba, Sohmynken of many kinds, Sohniamtra, Soybeans, Soybeans, Sohkynphor, Sohpriam, Kait, Sohtrun, Balensha and they have also tried to grow Apple trees. .
Now let's move on to the word "Chyne"
Gangubai Kathiawadi has won 10 awards this year.
The distribution of Khaw AAY will be 35 kilos per household at T.3.00 per kilo, Khaw PHH will be distributed at 5 kilos per month at T.3.00 per kilo, while Khaw PHH will be distributed at T.3.00 per kilo per month. Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at 7.215 kilos per month at Die Lang at T.11.77 per kilo and at Die Khutia at Rs.12.34 per kilo.
Gulgul Sangma of EGH took five wickets alone.
In the 80 kg category, Alexander Lyngdoh came first, Mathias Marbaniang came second and Chanlangki Dkhar came third.
“Through the speeches of Prestone Tynsong and AL Hek we can understand that the Meghalaya government does not really intend to bring the state under the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act 1873,” he said.
“He said that his election for the VPP is because of the principles on which he stands such as the Reservation Policy, the border, unemployment, age and other principles on which he stands. in the VPP and said that it is because of the grounds he has stood on since the beginning in the VPP that he is ready to join it.
Today, the union has written to the Chairman Cum Managing Director, informing him of the protest programs of the Engineers, which has been held by holding flags, carrying placards and those who have taken part in the strike. MeECL employees today, from 1 pm to 2 pm.
Laban beat Yarkhok Sports United 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
After passing his MA from Madras University, Radhakrishnan got a post as a lecturer at Madras Presidency College in 1909 at the age of
Speeches were also delivered by KS Kropha who said that it is necessary to have laws to implement how to protect human rights and to announce the need for society to move forward the public comes out to help the law enforcement process.
Essential commodities shopkeepers 9.
That is why he sent his only Son to save us.
The number of confirmed cases has risen to 6,966 and the death toll to 1,0
The goal is to revive and reproduce the endangered indigenous species.
The incident was reported by the brother of Kynsai L Mawlieh who lodged a complaint with the Nongmensong Police Station.
He also promised that the government will provide support to set up cultural centers to preserve their culture.
The Sur u Paidbah Hynniewtrep has expressed its wish that the Chief Minister should be from the Khasi community as for many years the post of Chief Minister has been held by the Garo community.
The meeting was held to strengthen the relationship between the police department and all the villages in Shillong.
“For four years I have listened to the comments about me, but this time I will tell you all the things that Lahkmen has done,” said Rymbui. Conrad K Sangma and he as Education Minister have transformed the state and solved the problems of the education department in many areas to improve education across the state.
Shillong, November 14: The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) today protested against the government's announcement to fill up the registration forms. opposition.
He said that the income of the people is now in the millions.
“In this election, Mukul wanted to join the Congress, when Vincent H Pala was appointed as President of the MPCC, Mukul understood that he could not do anything, he fled to join the TMC. I will not win a single election in Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
To remember Reitlang as a hunter who was killed by Dieng Shyieng, the later generations called this village Dieng Shyieng.
The protest was so intense that the residence of the then Prime Minister, Bah EK Mawlong, was stoned because his government could not change the Reservation Policy.
The Government of India has separate Departments of Agriculture & Farmers Welfare and Animal Husbandry & Veterinary for the development of agriculture and livestock farming in the country and the state.
Superintendent of Police West Jaintia Hills Bah Lakador Syiem as part of the implementation of Section 101 of the Meghalaya Police Act 2010 has urged all the people not to pollute the public roads and all the tourist attractions in the district. or to disrupt the movement of the public.
This is with the aim of creating about 10,755 jobs in the state.
This government has been trying to waste natural resources.
Without looking far, it was found that the trade was dominated by the Marwari, Sindhi, Punjabi and others, while the income through the state or central government was dominated by the Bengali, Assamese, Nepali, Bihari. , and others, and the most notable is the land in Ri Khasi which has been seized by the Dkhars, Bengalis, Assamese, Marwaris and others.
Conrad said it is inappropriate to conclude only on one picture or to try to create an impression that the Prime Minister is involved in something.
The Congress does not have candidates in 6-7 constituencies in this MDC election,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
The Seng strongly condemns this writer Manjir Ghosh and demands that the government should punish and arrest this person who has disgraced the Khasi people.
There is no doubt that the Shillong Western Bye-Pass will follow the example of the present Shillong-Nongstoin-Tura Road, which passes through Marbisu-Mawngap and especially Sohiong.
All the five were released today after the Meghalaya High Court heard them.
The uniforms are marked with numbers, with the inscription Hima Mylliem and for the clothes worn by the Daju Khasi, K is written with the numbers, while the clothes worn by the Daju Dkhar are marked with NT (Non Tribal) and numbers.
Two houses have been destroyed in a fire which broke out on the 16th of June, at Mawlai Mawiong, Shillong, but it is very surprising because although this incident is a tragedy, the Holy Scriptures have been destroyed. the Bible is not true.
The Christian missionaries have brought about equality for all and the Dravidian struggle is an improvement from what they have done by themselves,” said the Speaker.
The total number of cases has risen to
Shillong, Nailar 18: Two members of the Achik National Cooperative Army (ANCA) who were arrested by the Assam Police on Saturday escaped from police custody this morning.
HELP TO TREATMENT OF SKIN DISEASES:— Because of its disinfectant, antiseptic, antifungal and antioxidant properties, dhania can be an excellent example of preventing skin diseases including skin infections, red and yellow spots. and also insect production.
Robusta is more resistant to tree damage than arabica, which means that arabica can be planted in land without any large trees.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs demanded that he should prove the allegation and apologize for this insult to the Rangbah Shnongs and Dorbar Shnongs.
On the issue of drug trafficking, the NEIPF has decided to demand that the State Government should implement the Prevention of Illicit Trafficking in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (PIT-NDPS) Act The state to eradicate this alcoholic beverage which destroys the youth, families and society.
Participants are also required to bring the required documents like aadhar card etc. to prove their age and the closing date for submitting the entry fee will be on 5th May
Before taking a decision on the death of the three, the village held a long discussion in which many of the speakers who gave their speeches, stressed that the attempted murder of Lambha Nongrum by the robbers. It is in the same way as they have done to those who have been killed in the past years when the robbers have robbed and broken him.
Therefore; we have no right to point fingers only at the people of the SYNGKHONG RYMPEI THYMMAI, while at the various Kur Kynthei who have married Khyllahjait without shame from all over the world; Know that the people of the SRT do not protect their rights as fathers of their children, because as it is now we are only Nongbet Symbai or Chowkidar; we haven't tried it yet.
Even in the rural areas, they have been attacked by their relatives and this has led them to flee their homes.
The Addl AG has written to the court that it will take about three months to complete the investigation and the court will hear again the CBI claim of Amita Sangma after the end of three months.
Manda Bareh, one of the members of the Lai Kur Bareh, Pakshang and Ksar, expressed her regret that even the land owners have not been informed about the public hearing.
“A, B, C can say anything because it is freedom of speech but in the end, we as leaders will decide what is best for the people,” he said. said Mr. Snow.
My body was found on 6th January.
The VPP, which is a new party and has contested only 18 candidates in the MLA elections, received 5.46% of the vote or more than 1 lakh votes.
Arunachal also struggled to tied well but managed to score only 47/8
This is the main reason why the Bapli find it difficult to earn a living.
While Ambrose Ch.
The Pre-Christmas celebration was held at the Dorbar Hall of Saiden in collaboration with the CMYC Saiden. longkpa together with the village leaders.
Therefore, he said there is a need to have an intelligent leader who can talk to the government in Delhi to relax the laws for the benefit of the state and the nation.
The dealership was inaugurated by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Dr Donkupar Roy in the presence of MLA Hamletson Dohling, Minister of Urban Affairs, Godwin Roy Lakiang, CEO and CEO. Banalari Khongwar, Managing Director, Paiem Ricky Nelson Syiem, former employee of Banalari World Cars before taking over the throne, Rangbah Shnong Bah H Khyriem, car buyers and others. even.
Speaking to reporters, Gavin, MLA of Sohra constituency, said that the government factory is still in trouble due to the lack of operation.
Regarding those who returned yesterday who showed signs of illness, they have already undergone PCR test and the results were negative, said Prestone Tyngsong, Symbud. Minister of State.
Mawsynram is now the wettest village in the world in East Khasi Hills district of Meghalaya.
NEW DELHI: The Government of India today announced that there is no way to prevent the spread of the fourth wave of the coronavirus in the country; but until now, she has not been able to predict when this disease will happen.
Khliehriat, July 7: Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Khliehriat Town Unit on Tuesday evening seized an Alto 800 (AS-11-5670). The Khar Bangladeshis who came through Kuliang.
The number of cases of COVID-19 in India has risen to 2,301, the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) said.
“I have seen with my own eyes how much selfishness of other ethnic groups in the state therefore how can I say that this is our ethnic group,” said Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit.
Nongpoh: U Bah Hoping Kurbah, on Tuesday, has clarified the allegation that he used force against the guards at the COVID-19 gate at Bir village in Ri Bhoi district. Shnong, in order to prevent the entry and exit of the people of the area and also to prevent the entry and exit of foreigners.
Those who have walked in that path will have more understanding than others.
The Lyngdoh, who was accompanied by the Secretary to the Department of Community and Rural Development, Isawanda Laloo at the opening ceremony, said that the pavilion was attended by 31 local entrepreneurs from all over the country. a golden opportunity for them to showcase their artwork to the public.
With this victory, Mawlai is in first place with 7 points from 30 games and is unbeaten with two wins and 10 draws, while Sawmer is unbeaten from 30 games. not even a single point dropped the team to the bottom of the table.
At the meeting, the WRBJAC decided to invite the MeECL officers to come and explain to the people about the lack of light which has affected the people and households who need light in the evening.
Shillong, July 14: The students of Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU) on Saturday evening were delighted to hear the traditional music performed by the students of Nan Polok.
He also praised JTES for taking the initiative to organize the festival.
She said that after witnessing the opening of these two office blocks by the people, they expected that it would bring a lot of comfort to the people but these two blocks have not yet opened. The government's delay in providing the necessary services is a great loss to the people of the area.
“This incident is no different from illegal acts and those involved should be punished,” he said, adding that the law should do its part so that such incidents can be stopped. it doesn't happen anymore.
As soon as the body was found, her relatives informed the police, and after a while the police arrived at the scene.
Seal : A seal is a type of bthing that seals or closes something.
As for the shops in the city, the government proposes to spend hundreds of crores of rupees on the shops.
When meeting with Kong RM Kurbah, the Dorbar leaders sent a petition to the DC to investigate the vehicles coming from abroad. test for the public and also not to allow foreign vehicles such as trucks and buses to park on the National Highway.
There is a video of a conversation between Bah Sanbor Pala, Chief of Army Staff of the HNLC and one of those involved in the bomb blast in Ribhoi.
However, if we are allowed to fight like this, where will the village go?” she asked.
What angered the public was that on June 6, 2021, Hancock took Gina to his office, which was also at a time when the lockdown was still in force and that all the Englishmen could not walk, stand, or meet their loved ones.
Thoudan Arjun Singh scored the second goal for Assam Rifles in the 49th minute and Dhandeep Chetia scored the third goal for Assam Rifles in the 49th minute. 54th minute.
How does an office worker know the needs of a factory that is tens of kilometers away?
A few days ago, another senior Congress leader, Digvijaya Singh, 67, announced that he will soon marry a girl he has loved for a while. Amrita Rai, 20, is a television presenter.
He said that the Opposition can raise issues on other days of the dorbar such as the discussion on the budget and others.
The Minister in charge of District Councils, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, today said that the state government has decided to hold the MDC elections in GHADC in the second month of June.
In this regard, as a party that is concerned about the shortcomings of the people of the country, we are pleased to blame the ADC under the leadership of Madonbai Rymbai as the current CEM because in fact on this issue it is the ADC that has been able to The ADC has warned that the ADC should no longer issue any licenses to foreigners, otherwise the party will not be able to issue any licenses to foreigners. be responsible for all these things.
Shillong, Naitung 22: U Bah Moris Biam, Bakur, Amlarem, today.
“We are not only minorities in religion, language but also in ethnicity and if the Indian government does not respect us, we will tie to the UN, we will raise international issues,” he said.
We have now pledged to reduce C02 emissions by 1 billion tonnes and electricity consumption in our economy by 45 percent by 2030 compared to 2005 levels.
As part of the award ceremony, Bah Raphael Warjri, Head of Synjuk Riti Academy, announced the Waheh S Quotient Sumer Award and Rangbah. Sumar Singh Sauerkraut.
“I didn't get a phone call, I was shocked.
“It is because the people understand that they have been misled that in 2019 I won by 2000 votes against the candidate of the MLA who has resigned,” he said.
There are 28 recoveries from the disease.
There are 1,045 confirmed cases in East Khasi Hills, 283 in Ribhoi, 306 in Ribhoi, 116 in West Garo Hills and 101 in East Garo Hills.
These include EGH: 09, EJH: 05, EKH: 517, NGH: 09, RBD: 80, SGH: 12, SWGH: 02, SWKH: 65, WGH: 88, WJH: 44 and WKH:
Meghalaya will play against Rajasthan tomorrow.
The meeting was attended by Samla Lumlang Kharbani President HYC WKHD, Samla Chester Kharbani President HYC Nongstoin Circle and the public.
However, as the heritage progresses, man's knowledge of the thought of our ancestors is still increasing.
He said that the stones were dug from the construction of the road behind Law Kyntang.
Meghalaya will play its first match against Mizoram in Nadiad, Gujarat, from 13th November.
This night, it was seen that the Police and CRPs came to close down the shops and sent to collect the fees after 10 pm.
“During the time of Bah Charles Pyngrope and during the time of AT Mondal, they too won the Lamphang seat,” he said.
On the other hand, the reporter also tried to talk to some of the MLAs but as it was Sunday, they could not get their phones. and those who have not received it, even though they have tried many times.
Since 2018, the UDP has joined hands with the MDA Government under the leadership of the NPP. more importantly held entirely by herself.
The state government has earlier held a meeting with the Chief Executive Members (CEMs) of the two district councils, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council and the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
When asked why they got involved in drugs, he said that according to the testimony of those who came to stay, it was because they were sad when they separated from the girl.
Banerjee said she has received a request from the Eastern Railway Passengers Association, Azimganj-Katwa Section in Howrah Division, informing her that the fare has been increased from T. T.32 during the outbreak of Covid-19 and this implementation is still ongoing.
Speaking to media after an inspection meeting with the Police Headquarters, Bah Tynsong said that the department will complete the recruitment process to fill the vacancies in the department. this year.
Shops selling soap boxes, biscuits, Waiwai boxes and other items were also seen.
The Minister's request is to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in the state.
Shillong: In the fourth and final match between Mizoram and Meghalaya, Mizoram beat Meghalaya by 191 runs in Anand, Gujarat, today.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 24: U Samla Ferdinald Karkamni President of KSU North Khasi Hills District has expressed his regret over the government's decision to ban the Internet in the state. complete the tasks and especially to gather information as the examination approaches.
Speaking on his contribution to the nation as a writer, Prof SS Majaw said that his writings through his poems are based on the theme of Hynniewtrep or Ka Bri U Hynniewtrep. This shows that you are a Myllung who loves the nation.
However, the militant used to supply weapons to militants in Pakistan in this way and also used to participate in military exercises inside Pakistan.
God's Word 1 John 5:17 “All unrighteousness (evil thoughts and actions) is sin”.
There is nothing wrong with that, because if my father moved from Pomlakrai to Malki, I would have followed him.
The union raided the area after receiving complaints from the residents that the area has become a hotbed of drug trafficking and consumption.
The NPP candidate for Shillong Parliamentary seat and Minister of State, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the National People's Party (NPP) has its own identity and has nothing to do with the party. of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
Nongstoiñ, June 28: The residents of Thamah District have sent a message of gratitude to the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District especially to the President Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, for his willingness to help the residents. insufficient electricity.
Santiniketan Kala Bhavan Praktoni, the Union of Senior Barbers of Santiniketan has joined hands to showcase the talents of the youth of the state who wish to work and develop themselves as skilled barbers.
According to a statement sent by John Kharshiing, this was informed by Yash Gurung, CEO & Founder Director, Asporea, Siliguri, and his officers in a meeting with him today. as Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board, Shillong.
It is to be recalled that in the morning, FKJGP leaders turned to the office of the Directorate of Printing and Stationery and ordered the production of the Director of Printing and Stationery on charges of misappropriation of Rs 2.09 crore.
It cannot be denied that there are leaders who can convince hundreds of supporters even during the elections and this affects the candidates if they cannot convince or provide such leaders.
The United States has shot dead al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri in recent days, a major loss for al Qaeda. the founders of the terrorist group, along with Osama bin Laden, who was killed in
The statement also said that the Seng is not against peace, but peace should not come back through violence and intimidation.
“MK Stalin, Chief Minister of the State, knows that the State Government is made up of you all.
“The Cabinet has approved the proposal to re-appoint Ripnar Lyngdoh, a retired IAS officer, as the State Information Commissioner of MSIC,” said Minister of State Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh. media after the Cabinet meeting.
Policy to monitor road safety.
In the videos shown in court, active coal mining as well as smuggled coal were seen.
In the women's category, Marbahun Kharsynteng of the Green House scored nine baskets.
Fire brigade vehicles rushed to the market, but the flames of the fire destroyed dozens of market stairs.
Speaking at the meeting, he explained the principles of the party and reminded the people of the Vision Statement of the VPP, which is Revive to revive, Restore to restore and Transform to transform or improve. .
At this Durbar, the Kur will also honor those who have achieved the highest position from the Matric examination onwards.
By Dr Fenella.
Instead of speaking evil of others, let us try to speak well of them.
Let us be surprised that perhaps in the next 40 years, there will be no more such opportunities and protections that we have had for 40 years, and if we don't take them into our own hands and use them against lad, the latter judgments shall be in vain.
The SP said that a complaint has been lodged at Mahadev Khola at Lumdiengjri Police Station, and the three robbers will be brought before the court.
The meeting was led by Bah MB Tongper, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District Administration. West Karbi Anglong was also led by ADCs and Police Chiefs to discuss the need to maintain peace and order among the people.
After this, the Lyngdoh sent two Ministers, Minister C Kharkongor and Minister Kurkalang (deceased) to lead the Durbar Raid.
Plaster -75 kgs.
Police have registered a case under Section 11(i)/12 of the POCSO Act and the investigation has been handed over to Sub-Inspector GT Sangma.
The Taliban have made it clear that any delay by England will lead to serious conflict.
Prof Shukla also informed that the EPF and Employment State Insurance (ESI) Scheme have been paid before the 15th of each month as directed.
Why did you come to me.
So the righteous can have a share in the First resurrection.
On the part of Prof. (Dr) Nalin Mehta, Director of NEIGRIHMS, he spoke on the importance of working according to the rules and also respecting the privacy of the patient.
The quality of this slasha has also been welcomed by the slasha farmers of Darjeeling.
With this victory, Shillong Lajong have earned 12 points and are at the top of the U-18 Youth League Shillong-Guwahati Zone standings.
Shillong, Lber 18: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) has given 10 days to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) to dismiss its Accountant Officer PK Deb within 10 days. bar states.
The deceased were identified as Sheba Kharbani (40) of Mawlai Phudmuri, who worked as a cleaner, Rupert Donbor Dohtdong (43) of Mawlai Phudmuri and Bah Backstar Kharkrang (30 years old) who works as a Chowkidar.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, will hoist the flag in Shillong and the Symbud Chief Minister in Tura.
“Our goal is to reverse what was lost in the previous games.
The sohtrun should be covered with skum kba or any other clean plant.
Although the Congress and TMC have 10 MLAs each, these parties have not formed any group to be in the same household, except that they are in the opposition.
“I asked for T.30 to buy medicine and my husband was angry with me and immediately divorced me three times and immediately his family threw me out of the house,” she said. said.
MPCC President Dr Celestine Lyngdoh told reporters that the All India Congress Committee has ordered all states in India to protest and this has started from the 5th. until the 15th of this month.
Two Bangladeshi robbers were arrested in Umsyiem village on Tuesday night after youths went out to rob themselves because the BSF troops near the village did not come to help. The village authorities went to beg them.
Dr. Taye Nequssie said, “I don't think there are those who want to influence the English thinking.
Meghalaya Cement Limited, Topcem, has sent a letter to the National People's Party (NPP) regarding the company's welcome to the T50 party. lakh tyngka, this letter is dated 10th November 2023, this letter has gone viral on social media.
Earlier, one BSF soldier was confirmed positive for covid
He said that if the UDP feels that there is a lack of interest in any matter, especially the meeting with the people of Thyllaw, Mawlongbna said that they should have informed him in his ears, not to others. even.
So this new group of followers of Jesus Christ is a great threat to the authorities and to the people in power.
Introducing the amendment to the Governor's speech in the House today, Bah Lyngdoh said that to eradicate corruption, it is just a joke which is not based on the truth because of the corruption in the appointment of school teachers. Lower primary is not available.
The government wants to hand over to their relatives.
FKJGP President Marbud Dkhar said that Ampareen, Minister of Urban Affairs, wants to forcibly demolish Mawlai into a slum area. He said that Mawlai is a clean village because it falls under the rural areas except for a few slum improvement works. They are located under Semi Urban.
The school authorities said that when they go to school, they urge the students to wear another type of tupia under the hijab so that they can hide everything. Their hair on their heads didn't show anything else, but only their faces.
The residents have not yet received this compensation.
Both the teams were looking forward to their first victory of the tournament after both played and lost once.
In the first match which was played at 5 pm, Iatyllilang SC beat Laitlulong Sports Club 2-1
He also informed that the Meghalaya government has allocated T.1.99 crore out of the total cost of T.9 crore for the organization of this leading festival in the state.
In another incident, Bah Banraplang said that at about 1 pm, the driver of a vehicle (AS-01-AY-6969) coming from Silchar. , Assam, and was on his way to Khliehriat, fled the scene and left the vehicle after seeing the police conducting a raid at Damcherra, Umkiang.
Shillong: After the end of the festive season in the state, the state government today convened a meeting to discuss the current situation of the coronavirus in the country and as part of the To prevent the spread of Omicron virus in the state, the government has taken several measures to enforce the rules in the state.
Bangkok police have charged the boy, whose name has not been disclosed, and he has been charged under offenses of murder.
There are four candidates from Mawshynrut including Gigur Marthong of the NPP, Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait of the HSPDP, Morning Mawsor sitting MDC of the PDF and Srally Rashir of the Congress. In Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, the total number of voters is 9981 including the HSPDP, Congress and NPP. 4699 males and 5282 females while the total turnout was 7228 or 72.418%.
Two MDCs from the opposition, Moonlight and Marki, strongly opposed the passage of the bill only by addressing some issues; They said that there are still many issues that need to be discussed, but as the Chairman did not give them much time to speak, they left the House immediately.
At the same time, the HYM Nongpoh Circle was inaugurated in the presence of Adviser Rolan M Lyngdoh, S Thabah, Secretary Masting Jana.
She said that even during the Covid-19 pandemic, everyone has faced difficulties in getting food especially jhur but through the presence of indigenous farmers, they have been able to meet the needs of food and drink to deliver jhur. who is clean is not morning.
In the Under-17 men's category, Sib Singh HSS beat JJM Nicholas Roy 1-0 in the final.
On the other hand, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit urged the government to allow shyiap mining in the state as it has severely affected the income of the people who live from this industry.
Those who left were Mandal Committee President Kullen Sangma, Mahila Morcha President Serola Sangma and Yuva Morcha President Charles Sangma.
The arrest and detention of the policeman was after receiving a complaint from the mother of the child, Kong Pi Talang.
The Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills, said that the police have conducted an immediate investigation into the reports and photographs of the revival of the GNLA in Garo Hills. Jingjang D Shira as the Chief Executive Director of the GNLA and Nengsrang Sangma as the new Secretary of the GNLA. They were identified as Namchang Ch Momin alias Jingjang D Shira, 22, of Darangagre, Dalu, Adot M Sangma, 26, of Ganipara, Dalu and Silwit R Marak, 26, of Nalnapara, Dalu.
Although the party has two MLAs who won in 2018, both of them include Bah Samlin Malngiang MLA of Sohiong who has defected and is preparing to contest from the NPP while Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, MLA of Sohiong. “The people of the state still trust the party especially when it comes to protecting the identity of the Jaidbynriew and protecting the land and also the laws that protect the state. ," he said.
There was also a threat to revoke the rights of Scheduled Tribes for Christians which would be a violation of the rights of indigenous citizens of the country according to the Constitution of India.
“If you issue any order, it is better to implement it from the day it comes out and not later,” said Bah Robert.
Intellectuals and lawyers say that a multi-ethnic country like India needs to divide power so that all religions and ethnic groups can participate equally, she said. announcement.
Russia on Friday announced that it had shot down two Ukrainian drones that approached Moscow on Tuesday.
He added that Mawkynrew has developed in many ways in collaboration with the village authorities as well as the residents.
Malaysian Airlines, which operates flights to Dhaka, has also expressed its desire to expand the tourism route to Meghalaya through land routes, and has also announced that Vietnam Airlines will soon launch flight from Hanoi / Ho Chi Minh City to Guwahati.
On the other hand, the leaders of the Youth Wing including Anthony Suchiang President and Heroi Nongrum Secretary said that as a group of youths of Nongpoh Village, they have decided to celebrate and gather together on this day. Seng Samla Nongpoh Proper, and especially the contribution of the pioneers and former leaders who have shaped the Seng Samla Nongpoh Proper from the past to this moment. shipara.
Here is what we are fighting for Meghalaya three in one, now it will be that within the Khasi will fight two in one, in Garo Hills too if the Atong fight and express that they want their share. , so many problems will arise," he said.
The Sister and the Babu greeted each other.
The SURL is a band that was supposed to take part in the festival and was supposed to perform on the opening day of the festival on the 17th of this month. I have stopped coming.
According to a police source, the incident took place on the night of April 31,
In the letter, dated 19 July 2020, he said that the religious group shows that Jesus came to earth in the form of a woman named Yang Xiangbin, or known as Lightning Deng and said that instead of the New Testament, they published another book, entitled "The Word Appears in the Flesh"
She also met with Rajiv Dutta who is in charge of the meter reading as there is a delay in the counting of the electricity bill which has been delivered to many households.
“She said that she joined the BJP because she wants to see development works in North Shillong Constituency.
The miaw said again, “Turn into myrsiang”, and the rakot turned into myrsiang.
On my own part, I strongly condemn this cruel and shocking act.
“I want the Jowai constituency to answer this question in 2023, whether it is true or false that without money you cannot win elections,” said Dr. HH Mohrmen.
Doril June Pathaw took two wickets for Laitjem.
The 6km road from Lumshyiap Bellafonte to New Shillong Township via Mawpat worth T.49 crore was unveiled at a meeting at Vivanta Hotel, Shillong.
Therefore, if you allege that the Sordar does not leave, we would like you to give a clear witness against your unfounded allegation or if the Syiem sends you those letters, why do you not come to the Sordar?
PT Sawkmie (Congress) asked the Minister whether the government receives revenue from the four buses. The Minister said that the four buses are accepted as government buses. and so they pay no taxes at all.
In fact, the employees of MCCLEU had been waiting at the Secretariat since 3 pm and waited for the Prime Minister to come until 4:10 pm until suddenly it was announced that he could not come at all because he was at home. you feel sorry for me.
Meghalaya is one of the states which is trying to train teachers from time to time and to provide new training to teachers from time to time.
He said that all the crimes are caused by drug abuse and that the drugs that reach the state are imported from the neighboring states of the North East.
They teach this because it is not right to make mistakes during the ceremony.
The most suitable stems for strengthening a tree or any plant are those that are short and have one stem and many branches attached to the branches, which we usually find in a large plant.
Wahiajer SC drew 1-1 with Nangbah Iawmusiang SC. Dawhoi Dhar scored the first goal for Wahiajer SC. Wanbiang Passah scored the first goal for Nangbah Iawmusiang SC in the 38th minute.
The total number of cases has risen to 784 and the death toll has risen to 1,4
On the other hand, only 10 police vehicles from Saitsama Outpost arrived in Meghalaya.
The report, released by KHNAM, shows that the water is not safe to drink, while the Pasture Institute has found that the water is not safe to drink. There is a strong copper in Mawroh, where the water needs to be cleaned, and also in the Pasteur Institute, the MLA Hostel, where the water is not safe to drink. From Upper Mawprem, the water is not safe to drink and the water from Upper Malki and Upper Lachumiere is also rich in copper and bitterness. The complaint, which was sent to the Pollution Board, said that the vehicle is not allowed to drink.
The funeral service will start at 10 pm.
Daohi Kharbih scored the goals in the 15th minute and L Niang in the 52nd minute.
“I don't know about the inheritance to my father, because I was raised by my mother and I don't know that there is a plan, that inheritance of our children to him. good".
After the failure to form the committee, Ardent said that the HSPDP will continue to explain to the public on the issue of Rangbah Shnong.
“We have already sent a proposal to confirm and bring in the necessary equipment.
The union also urges the police to strengthen their security forces and to work together with the Seng Samla Shnong so that they can curb these crimes which happen from time to time and not only to patrol in the area. in the evenings but also in the mornings.
Shillong, Naitung 07: Leaders of the North Eastern Hills University Students Union (NEHUSU) on Thursday met with the Minister of Electricity and Electricity, AT Mondal to request him to direct the Electricity Department to will suspend the power outage because it has affected the students.
West Jaintia Hills and Ribhoi District are the two districts in the state which have suffered the most from the violence of Assam as they have seen that the Government of Meghalaya has been suspended for many years.
Although in the past, the taxi fare to Police Point, Laitumkhrah was T.10 to T.20 per taxi, but now it has increased for many months. They said that until the price of petrol has dropped, they have not been able to increase the price of commercial vehicles.
It was not until 3 pm after the electricity supply was cut off that the neighbors came to the scene.
Shillong: U Moses Bareh has been elected as the President of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) for the 18th Shillong Constituency.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ingty said that about Rs 177 lakh crore has been collected by the customs department in the country and it is the highest revenue collector for the government.
The national team will also include six players from each category B1 and B3 and four players from category B2
Nongpoh: The leaders of the Raid Madan Kyrdem in Ri Bhoi, have vowed to lodge an Ejahar against two persons, who have made unfounded accusations on social media against the office bearers of the Raid.
Ma Iatha Najiar, president of JTTA, said that in the past few days, they have found vehicles carrying jaiñ tyrwa nep around Jowai using tynghung or pynsawa.
Nancy was also honored for her hard work by the District Administration of East Khasi Hills. Republic Day at the Polo Grounds.
According to the NEHUSU leaders, this is a minor incident only for the children who stay in the hostel, but due to the fighting between the children, it has led to violence.
With regard to the change of kur, a person who marries a foreigner cannot change kur and give kur to his children.
The total loss of the bus operators, the Road Transport Corporation, has reached Rs 3 crore.
At stumps, they scored 129/1, which gave them the opportunity to score 3 runs and 9 wickets.
Two others, who were seen through the crematorium, are still being rescued by the Indian Navy.
She said that the aspirations and expectations of the people have not yet matched the length of time she has been elected and given the opportunity to become the Leader of the Legislative Assembly.
The villagers have expressed their deep sorrow over this incident, and have thanked NEEPCO for donating the ambulance to the village and also to the people, saying that they should not misunderstand. , because the village did not send Kyiad to the ambulance, but it was only the work of the driver of the ambulance.
Prestica Marweiñ, Miss Banrilin Marweiñ, Miss Pynwandorlin Marweiñ, Miss Jenica Marweiñ and Mr. Vigilson Marweiñ.
Jowai, July 11: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has expressed its strong opposition to the State Government's proposal to transfer the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District. still only for months now.
If you pass only class x (SSLC) or class xii (HSSLC), you will be considered a student.
A statement from the SP said that after continuing the search for the missing girl, and after receiving witnesses, a team of police from East Khasi Hills district under the leadership of Inspector KP Singh The OC of Laitumkhrah Police Station has left for Bihar to search for the girl and found her from Bidupur.
“All the parties in the MDA government are supporters of the BJP, who have been involved in all kinds of corruption in the last five years, but this time the Congress will fight against this corruption,” he said. added.
This comes after the District Council Affairs (DCA) of the State, has decided to cancel the KHADC Notice No. DC/RBF/XXXII/64/2023/171 dated 14th November supervision and regulation of hunting competitions.
When asked about the delay in recognition of the Khasi language, Paul said, “I don't want to blame anyone but the language which was a subject at the Graduation Level at Calcutta University in the 1900s, had right shisha to get the recognition"
Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati, Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, Bah Balajied Ranee, MDC Nongpoh, government officials and other dignitaries of Ri Bhoi District.
Section 144 CrPc has been enacted in South West Khasi Hills District which prohibits the carrying of firearms and weapons including the creation of noise by any resident which may disrupt the peace and order. Elections in South West Khasi Hills.
Earlier, Sunil Kumar had scored 7003 runs and won the gold medal in the men's decathlon.
Don't sting this work.
It may also be recalled that during the inspection in April last year, five sites were also selected for the construction of Foot Over bridges. Byrnihat, Umling, Iewmawlong, Nongpoh and Ri Bhoi College, but it is surprising that until these days no signs have been found, especially in Sor Nongpoh which is the most abundant area. The public and school children who need to work from one side to the other side of the road.
After a few hours of searching by the villagers at 12:30 pm, the body of the man was found and taken to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for postmortem examination.
Therefore, this new land Act has opened up for foreigners such as La Farge from France to buy land and trade in Meghalaya at will.
The residents of the village have complained about the difficulties especially when they have to carry the sick or pregnant women or those who are pregnant.
The President of the Voice of the People (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, has refused to join the committee set up by the state government to discuss the issues of the Roster System of Reservation.
Shillong: A Congress MLA from Boko constituency in Assam has shaken the Assam Legislative Assembly and alleged that Meghalaya has conducted a polling station. Station) on 27th June at three schools in Assam namely Lower Lampi LP School, Khatapara LP School and Umtap LP School. of the Government of Assam.
In the second leg, Jasmine Talang scored the goals for Khliehriat West FC 3-1 in the 4th & 10th minutes and Silgrak Pala in the 10th minute. 43.
At the same time, the Minister also congratulated all those who came forward to express their views and consultations with the government regarding the bill.
If anyone leaves the church, they should leave the village.
It is worth mentioning that the Sordar Warmawsaw was abducted from his residence, after about 6 or 7 armed men, went to his house and before abducting him. The Sordar has taken his Lok.
How to prepare the chicks in relation to the country?Fig-1 Feeding Fig-2 Feeding Fig-3 The best feeding where there are too few chicks is more severe in the number of chicks (6) On the first day of arrival, let the chickens drink glucose water mixed with Vitamin – Why do chickens need to cut a little throat? The need to cut the throat of the chicks slightly is to prevent them from breathing, which can cause injuries and diseases.
The BJP has also criticized the Congress leader from Delhi for claiming that Vincent Pala is a skilled MP. Former UDP President HS Syiemlieh said that if Pala is a skilled petrol engineer, Diesel price will not increase by 14 percent per year in the state, rice price will not increase by T.100 per kilo, BJP leaders have recalled the time when the BJP came to power. “The ration sellers have closed their ration shops, because there are no buyers and the people have turned to the market shops to buy food items,” said Bah Syiemlieh.
The new cases are from East Khasi Hills, North Garo Hills, South Garo Hills and West Garo Hills.
The CEM said that the previous Executive Committees have not found anything wrong, in that only the four ethnic groups have followed the rules of the law of the KHADC. It can be said that the HYC's claim according to the RTI findings is not wrong.
It was also revealed that the posts except those issued by the district since 2021 are still vacant even after two years which has caused the applicants to lose hope.
The persecution of this group of Mazhabi Sikhs, who are also from the lower castes and work as cleaners, continues to this day.
He said that the Selection Camp was held for the second time. “The first camp was held at Sohkhyllam, South. West Khasi Hills District in 2020,” he said.
The issue of the border is one of the topics of the day.
During his visit to the injured who are being treated at Jowai Civil Hospital, he promised to fight until he gets their rights.
A selfish and disrespectful attitude is widespread these days.
The CBI has filed a case against the seven employees of the NF Railway, which operates railway lines in the North East as well as in Bengal and Bihar.
IPS Special SP (SB-I) has been dismissed as Assistant Inspector General of Police (R) and GD Kharwanlang MPS, SP West Khasi Hills will replace him as SSP. (SB-1).
According to a letter sent by the HNYF through Keepmewell Lamin Gashnga and Scheffer Pohlong, President and Secretary Bakur Dawki Unit to the Chief Engineer (Distribution) of MeECL Lumjingshai, the power outage has occurred every night in these two villages. Transformer is not installed at IB PWD, Dawki.
In the second innings, Arien tied for 26 runs.
Shillong: The Executive Chairman of MBOSE, Tura has lodged a complaint with the police that a woman named Moksina Zaman has passed the HSSLC examination in 2018 but failed.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has rushed to the scene and took the patients to Bhoirymbong CHC. Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has rushed to the scene today. , has strengthened the cooperation between the party and the HSPDP.
Bahnah prayed well.
He said the struggle will produce peace and the people should not be afraid.
It is worth mentioning that at the time when the District authorities and the Hima Mylliem had sent to collect their treps; The merchants of clothes said, "What good is it to gather these when our jars of food have been broken?"
To curb the spread of drugs in the village, it was also informed that if drug dealers are found, the fine will be up to 50,000 tyngka and the village will not forgive those involved in drug trafficking.
Narayanasamy will meet with party workers in Tura tomorrow to hear what else the Garo people are facing.
The opposition Voice of the People Party (VPP) on 22nd June, expelled the MLA candidate and the Working President from Mairang on allegations of fighting against the party.
Imphal: Two more people have been confirmed positive for coronavirus in Manipur, bringing the total number of cases in the state to nine.
Nitin Gadkari, Minister in charge of Transport and Road Improvement, today replied in the Lok Sabha that the Indian government has approved only one bridge in Meghalaya. It is on the NH 6, but other bridges have been constructed and implemented illegally.
Until the end of the match, the two teams failed to score a goal and had to draw 10 points each.
Other gold medal winners were Ribhalin Marbaniang (52kg) daughter of Umkynrud Kynjat Phutbol and Ilawankmen Nongbri (48kg) daughter of Liverson Kharnandu. and Lawsohtun Block-4.
N.O.spirit.
The players who have been selected are Ba Inangsan Langbnang, Balabet Khongsit, Eiladki Ksoo, Bira Pyngrope, Blessiful Thongni, Dakani Shylla, Darika Rani, Daphishisha Syngkli, Eightfulnes Shangdiar, Khongnoh, Philasakhi Marngar, Rikynti Lyngkhoi, Wansaphi Marpna, Susimeri Lyngdoh, Yulity T Phanrang, Alisha Lyngdoh, Ibashembha Khongsit, and Rimika Khongkai.
Traffic jam has been severe in the areas of Anjalee Pump, Civil, Nongrim Hills, Khyndailad and other parts of Shillong.
In terms of placements for the year 2021-23, the institution has enjoyed great success.
At the same time, he encouraged the farmers to work hard otherwise the schemes that the government has allocated for them through this department will be wasted.
The Annual Fresher Cum Farewell Meet 2022 was held at the Catholic Church Hall, Six Mile, Guwahati. Eugene Son Lyngdoh, MLA Mawphlang was the chief guest.
However, there are branches that grow from the bottom of the tree and grow so fast that within ten years they can be taller than the mother tree.
She is the first woman from Meghalaya to become an MP of the Rajya Sabha.
According to a statement issued by the security forces, the raid was conducted by a team from the Keithelmanbi Battalion under the supervision of the Inspector General of Assam Rifles (South). Police commando in Thoubal district.
Shillong, Nailur 5: Following the announcement by the state government to hold work on Saturday, the Sengbhalang has declared an office blockade on Saturday.
The teachers distributed the prizes to the students and the Chief Guest distributed the first prizes.
HK Singh Memorial Secondary School beat Don Bosco Secondary School 3-0
The Government has set up this market to relieve the price of agricultural products.
According to the report, this is because those who want to overthrow Dr Mukul Sangma as the leader of the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) have not yet received the majority of votes on their side as Dr Mukul Sangma is still able to hold office. khambun to your side.
The tax collector, however, did not even dare to raise his eyes because the people were looking at him, so he covered his face and prayed, "Oh God, have mercy on me, a sinner.
Other speakers included the General Secretary of the Sein Raij Dr. Omarlin Kyndiah who told a brief story about the life of Kiang Nangbah.
“We don't hear all these disputes or disputes between the companies that want to operate because we are here to choose the best from the best.
Regarding the letter of the contractors to the government that they can no longer work or continue the work at the same price because the allocation of funds is still pending according to the year 2007-0 He acknowledged that it will be difficult to work on the budget from this year and urged the government and the relevant department to take action to arrange for the work to start immediately.
On the part of the Chief Guest, Ms Lakiang in her speech, praised the school for its progress in the past few days, witnessing the enrollment of children, as well as the training in all aspects of education. The need and especially praised the hard work and teaching skills of the teachers of this school.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KSU South Khasi Hills General Secretary Edmund Khongsya said that these foreigners who apply for EPIC are only employees and not residents. him.
They didn't eat or drink together until Bahnah had died.
The tragic incident came to light after spreading through social media since the 19th of this month and has shocked and angered the entire country.
Deuteronomy (Deuteronomy 23:2).
But this is not the case.
BJP Himachal Pradesh Chief Satpal Singh Satti today threatened that anyone who speaks against Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be fingered.
He said it was a great honor for him as a leader because of the love and wisdom of the people of the constituency to win him many times until he got the post of Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the Meghalaya government.
If we find anyone who is against it, we will take the necessary action.
Peter said he remembers that there were two stones on which She had written but one of them was taken away by government officials and is now in the museum. State Central Library, while another resident lives in Mawlieh.
One person was arrested in connection with the incident.
Bah Lam is a resident of Mawlai, Mawtawar, Shillong near the Catholic Church.
Samla Ronald won the election of Sordar held by the Hima Nongkhlaw, led by the Syiem Khynnah and the Ministers.
To know the characteristics of the Three Persons of Man, let us turn to the various functions in Man.
A few days after Tripura Chief Minister Manik Saha urged BJP office bearers not to call TIPRA Chairman Pradyot Kishore Manikya Debbarma by the title 'Maharaja' , groups led by various indigenous groups in Tripura including TIPRA Motha have staged strong protests in various districts of Tripura.
“Regarding a notice issued on 14th June 2023, the Mizoram Church Leaders Committee, as one of the parties involved in the Uniform Civil Code of Mizoram, through a memorandum of settlement social peace is still in force, that anyone in the Constitution of the country, the laws of Parliament relating to the religion, customs and beliefs of the Mizo people, the customary law of The civil & criminal justice involved decision on the ownership of land shall be approved by the Legislative Assembly of Mizoram through the unanimous consent of all the members.
LSYA scored 47 runs for the loss of two wickets in 8.4 overs.
“The Ministry of Tribal Affairs has already released the money and the surprising thing is that the students have not yet received the scholarship and where is this money and why the money has not been given to the students,” he said. and Paul.
On this occasion, Prof Shukla Vice Chancellor of the University, said, “Education in the mother tongue has brought many students, the purpose of their goals in education and their courage, to discussion among fellow students and the involvement of parents to help their children, because it is easier for them to learn, because it is in their own mother tongue”.
Many of the residents, although they have not been able to express their voice to the government or the PWD department, are that the government through the PWD department will take action to improve this road. Because this road is used for traffic, school children and even the sick and the deterioration of this road has caused problems to the people in all aspects.
Work to improve your area.
In a statement, the Union demanded that the Urban Development Department should immediately suspend the plan to hold a Public Hearing and warned if the Government goes against the will of the people. More than 20 villages under Par Umkhen will hold strong protests.
In Hubei Province, there are many deaths without going to hospital and it is estimated that there are up to 28,000 funerals per month in the province.
Tripura has reported 102 new cases today, bringing the total number of cases to
Those who submit false declarations, the Regional Transport Authority may revoke or cancel their permit.
The second coming of Jesus is also recorded in Thess 4:16 “For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first. and the dead in Christ shall rise first.
In this session, the NPP-led opposition, which had planned to raise a no confidence motion against the Speaker of the House, AT Mondal, withdrew.
The bench headed by NGT Chairman Justice Swatanter Kuma said that the ban will apply throughout India. the request was sent based on the issue of environmental protection.
Conrad K Sangma said that although many critics, throw stones at the party, but the party NPP is still strong as the days go by and he hoped that the party will form a single government in 2023 because he knows that The people still trust this party which has brought about many changes in the last five years.
“You will see more of our politics before the 7th and 8th of June this year.
“When there is corruption, you put the ED, CID, CBI, and others to investigate them...why not this NPP Government, why not this CM. “We have already sent a letter to the CBI,” she said.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 04: A timber truck (ML 06 3286) has collided with a truck (ML 06 3286) at Umlieh village at 10 pm this morning. on the road to Shillong.
Shillong: The SSA teachers of the Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) on Monday decided to continue their protest by sitting in front of the Additional Secretariat Shillong. The talks with the government have not come to fruition.
KHNAM therefore demands that vehicle buyers should be allowed to choose whether they want Fastag from now on, said a statement from Thomas Passah, President, KHNAM State Youth Wing.
It has failed to communicate the concerns of developing countries and ensure that there is protection for their objectives.
The next day, Rida went to Synod College with her friend from Mawkhar to collect the form.
“On the question, whether we know whether it will eradicate the disease, before it is released to the market.
The District Authorities of West Khasi Hills, Nongstoiñ, after several months banning the holding of fishing competitions, have issued another order in which they explain the rules and regulations of the fishing competitions. scavenger hunt competitions will have to follow.
When asked how much money or revenue the council still needs to receive, Ma Thombor replied, “From the Major Mineral revenue (T.81,37,89,540/-), and from the Minor revenue. Mineral)- T.16,08,55,885.
According to customary law, the residents of Jhalupara have done the right thing, they have not done wrong.
“We have been shopping here for about 10 months but it has affected us because there is no market,” he said.
Besides welcoming and providing accommodation for those who will return from other states, it is also pleasant to hear the voice of the Rangbah Shnong, who said that the Dorbar Shnong Saiden, has prepared especially to meet the needs of those youths who live outside the state and who will return home soon.
The Divisional Commandant of Home Guards, Shillong, Bah PH Shylla, said that the SDRF has extinguished the fire which lasted for 40 hours in collaboration with other government departments.
On the other hand, the entire Kur Mawrie Dorbar expressed its gratitude especially to Bah Amit Mawrie, who built this Kur Mawrie Dorbar Hall, and Bah John Bosco Mawrie, who donated the land for the building. This House of Representatives shall be held in the House of Representatives.
Russia and its Middle Eastern Arab allies are now looking to destroy Israel.
Instead of helping to resolve and restore these issues, the Assam Government continued with the same French rule over the Himas and lands of Bri Hynniewtrep.
Nongpoh: The Dorbar Shnong Nongpoh Proper, will hold a cleanliness drive on the 28th of this month, starting at 8 pm. spirit to open shop.
“Balsan has confessed to doing this and we have recorded his statement and if necessary we will show the video,” Singh said.
This inheritance continued while the khan was still in existence through the story in the 'Thning Pathaw' which lasted until
The 5 dewbilat factories in Narpuh have never been short of electricity while we the villagers have never been short of electricity.
All stakeholders from Magistrates, JHADC, Mining Department, MSPCB and other government departments were invited to the meeting.
He said that six students have received the quota to study MBBS after passing the Entrance and many students from this school are studying in the Engineer line.
“On the other hand, the MLA of Umroi Constituency has donated T.10 lakh to help build St Mary's College in Umroi.
However, for children who carry the burden of their parents, if they start the work that their parents have started, they grow stronger and stronger because they don't have to start from scratch, they need to expand the existing organization.
“I don’t want to comment on this, please don’t ask such kind of questions.
Shillong: The statement by the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswas Sarma, who is also the founder of the MDA Government, that Christians and Muslims are of Hindu origin is misleading and unfounded.
The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has strongly criticized the District authorities and the government for saying that the claim of Highly Skilled Laborers is only an outward appearance, but the intention is to slowly introduce foreigners. Forwardman Nongrem, President, KSU South West Khasi Hills District, said in a statement.
However, the carriers of the village did not violate the law that had been paid for the silver.
John said that he had a friend, Anita, on the trip today and he said that he had not yet spoken to her sister and this shows that she was in the country. you are suffering.
As a tyngshop Chris has taken part in films such as The Aveng ers, Thor: The Dark World, Avengers: Age of Ultron, Thor: Ragnarok, Avengers: Infinity War, Avengers: Endgame, and Thor: Love and Thunder.
On Tuesday, KSKBUH leaders met with the Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger to investigate into the complaint against the police. He said that this case is no longer under his jurisdiction but under the government.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ma Comingone Ymbon said that when starting any project, often there are only problems whether it is in the construction of the household or the community work, but only the unity and determination. you can overcome those challenges.
The National Medical Commission (NMC) was also established to provide quality education.
In my opinion, the AAP is the only party among all the political parties, which is the party of the people, which really works for the people, and focuses on education, health, employment, the problems of the people and especially the peace and stability of the people, and poor governance.
There was a stranger thing happening once upon a time on an island in the western Atlantic Ocean.
Nongpoh, Naitung 10: To encourage many students of Jirang area who have come forward in their studies in connection with the SSLC examination recently announced by the MBOSE, the MLA of Jirang once again u This is also the third time since he was elected as the leader under the supervision and approval of the Award Committee of Jirang Constituency.
Leave on for 15 to 20 minutes and rinse with water.
In 2019, the Legislative Assembly of the State passed a resolution to demand the Central Government to implement the ILP in the State.
Let us look a little bit at those leaders whom we the people elect to serve us. We see that there are leaders who serve the people properly and there are also those who thank the people but who serve the people properly. and the people were very poor, and did not receive much from the hundred.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nongpdeng, Bah KW Chyne, said that the family members of the missing children had not informed him about the incident. He said that after receiving information from the police, that they have found these children, who are from the village, he informed them, at 7 pm this evening, where he ordered They also asked them to visit their children at the Pasteur Beat House, as they are at the police station.
“There is a process by which the PWD Department will prepare the allocation for the reconstruction of the roads.
UNEP, one of the agencies of the United Nations Organization, was established on 5 July 1972 at the Stockholm Conference on Human Environment with the aim of raising awareness in all parts of the world to preserve the environment. environment and prevent the impacts of biodiversity and climate change due to widespread destruction of the environment.
If this stieh does not work, it means that the country and the nation will continue to decline, eventually, the Khasi blood will disappear, only the Khasi name, Dkhar blood and Dkhar blood will remain.
“It's okay, but at the same school, I think it's a little more difficult,” said the father.
A vehicle parked in the yard also caught fire in the incident.
It is a forest area where the people face problems not only in drinking water but also in transportation, health, education and in all aspects. .
Merinda SC was able to advance to the final against Shillong Soccer Scout for the title.
On the other hand, Bah Arkhe said that he does not want to say anything or criticize on this issue because it is foolish for him to criticize or praise without talking or meeting face to face with Mawshynrut MLA Bah Methodius. Dkhar to know more about all these things.
Sanbor Shullai: Yes, I can't say anything about that but I will tell you that the BJP is the party. The biggest party in India has 11 crore members and as the biggest party should have its own candidate and I as an MLA of the BJP when it can give me a ticket, I have to obey it. party and to contest this election.
The Chief Minister has been accused by the NPP of using the Pawan Hans Daupin N3 helicopter to campaign for nine days from 25th October to 1st June.
Speaking on the decision of the HPC to continue with the first demands, Bah Sniawbhalang said, “They have the right to demand whatever they want and as the government we will look into it. long or come long.
Another wicket was taken by Da-U-labiang Shangpliang for 2/43 Meghalaya's biggest mistake was when Johan, who has not yet scored a half century, He got his chance after the fielder escaped to catch his ball and he scored 51 runs in the innings. you are the first.
To date, the UDP has many shortcomings in its working methods as they are still following the old working methods as times have changed.
The band's disappearance for many years now and the failure to release a set of songs has left fans wishing for a resurgence.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITA) has expressed its deep concern over the decision of the Meghalaya government not to vaccinate those aged 18 to 44 years from 1st June
She also stated that the practices of the ancients have reached the stage of extinction due to the advancement of Western culture and that the knowledge of the West or Western civilization has constitute physical culture and nearly forgotten legacies.
Kharshiing also recalled the work that the NPP-led Government has done since it came to power. The Government has released tens of crores of rupees to pay the arrears of the ASHAs which has been pending for many years.
When asked about the increase in prostitution in Shillong especially in the Khyndailad area and the increase in HIV and AIDS in the State, Bah Paul said that if we look into this area, it is very important to to address this problem.
Students are requested to submit their Marksheet Xerox copies before 23.10.2020 and to call 7005879956, 8730959245, 9366652830, 8787529534 for more information.
However, the body of Bah Marshall was found at 4 pm on the 6th of this month.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdohu said that Mairang Block is one of the oldest blocks in the state. , is one of the most important offices of the government, as it is the link between the citizens and the local administration through various departments of the government, as through it many schemes and programs are implemented of state and local government.
He said that during the meeting with the Director, he learned that the hospital has already awarded a contract to HLL Company to conduct the recruitment examinations as Meghalaya does not have enough computer examination centres.
“At the request of the church groups, we have postponed the curfew tomorrow from 10 pm instead of 9 pm,” said the Vice President of the KSU. He also strongly condemned the police for taking advantage of the use of 108 vehicles or ambulances which are vehicles that carry patients and said that the 108 vehicles were purchased by the government for the benefit of the people especially to provide These vehicles are used by the police but what is surprising is that these vehicles are used by the police.
He said that if the BJP comes to power, the Meghalaya Combined Recruitment Commission will be appointed where Grade III and IV posts will be filled without interview and jobs will be filled in all government departments to eradicate corruption. sap in the field of jam.
The people of Khasi Jaintia Hills know that if the UDP or HSPDP from the RDA, Congress, VPP, PDF, KHNAM and other parties in the region come out to lead, they will not be allowed to sit. only a moment.
“We have decided to hold an indefinite sit-in at this place where Bah Nongrum and Samla Warjri were arrested,” said Bah Basaiawmoit. Jaintia people should come together because this is not only the responsibility of KHNAM but of the whole nation.
In fact, HSPDP Vice President Ardent Basiawmoit said that the government should not punish any employees who fail to close their offices on the day of closure.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has advised the leaders to speak on issues related to the situation in the area and for the people to have a smooth and fair election. who was not intimidated at all.
Dr. AJ Syngkon, on the other hand, said that this is the beginning and the government's action is unacceptable.
“I am very sad when I saw in the media and social media, which was expressed by the Dean of CAU, because I am a Longkmie of the country and with my own dignity and manners, but when such things happen. “It's a shameful thing, although I haven't been involved in such shameful acts,” said the Longkmie.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 12 : In order to encourage the students to continue their studies in higher education, the Union of Youth Associations of Seven Villages including Sohlait, Nartap, Langpadon, Sohlait Thymmai, Lumkya and Umsawnoldhi For the first time today, it awarded the Academics Excellence Award 2022 to 39 students who have passed various examinations from SSLC to Graduate and Post Graduate.
We regret that the Government has not taken any steps to make these rules,” said Marak.
“The Prime Minister has taken this decision to provide schemes to the divorced women because they are entitled to receive schemes because they belong to poor families,” she said.
WJDSA Hon. Secretary Lammat OO Laloo and Treasurer JM Pastwet handed over the amount of T.30,000 to Deputy Commissioner Garod LSN Dykes at his office on Friday. .
This behavior of these foreigners to order the police to bomb the crowd with insults even in the presence of women and longkmie, is unacceptable in the society of the Hynniewtrep people.
Shillong: U MR of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, at a public meeting in Guwahati, in the presence of Home Minister Amit Shah, has mistakenly called Amit Shah. Shah has been appointed as the Prime Minister of India while Narendra Modi has been appointed as the Home Minister.
This was announced by the Jaintia National Council (JNC) through its president, Rimiki Dkhar.
The footpaths which he ordered the Hima Mylliem to improve where necessary, have not been seen at all and still remain the same.
After the meeting, Lambor said that they will meet again this month to complete all the requirements for the start of the work.
It is also reported that the incident occurred in front of the Gold Cinema in Khyndailad.
Bah Thabah also gave the example of several states in the country which are facing water shortage where they have to fight just to get water.
Shillong, Nailar 6: About 5,000 people attended a rally organized by Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, which was held today at Malki Square, which started at 12 noon.
Basan Nongkseh said that there is a place called Nakoshi, Khetri, which has a monument of the Hima Shyllong and the Hima Mylliem has talked to the owners of this monument. “That is the witness, that the stone is also a witness, that it is indeed the Hima Shyllong,” he said.
The people at the rally showed their protest by carrying placards with various slogans against the government.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Titos Starwell Chyne on Tuesday urged the state government to consult with the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) before taking action. that the judgment of the border.
After these people commit jihad and flee, the police come with their sticks to conduct an investigation; but the whole incident ended like that,” said the Maharaj.
Nongpoh: The Executive Committee of Umiam Village, today, came forward to protest against the order issued by Paiem Ainam Syiem, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, which has approved the There is no reason for Bah Tinkle Buhphang to continue to be the Rangbah Shnong of that village.
Ten buses were burnt or thrown stones at Satanur last night. Police have ordered buses belonging to the Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC), that they should not walk today.
Therefore, among us Khasi who are of the same race, there is also a strong sense of identity.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 3: The National Green Tribunal has issued an order ban ban the mining and transportation of coal from the state, less than 14 days to complete exactly six years.
The Government should start as soon as possible and there is no need to send people to Sweden, Singapore, and other countries, this will save the small budget of the State.
The match will be played on 12.04.2022 between Umphyrnai SC and Imson SC at 3:30 pm.
He said that in the past 10 years alone, police have seized 14 kilos of heroin, 400 mobile phones, 200 vehicles, 12,000 kilos of ganja and more than 400 people have been arrested. .
Although I cannot say how many votes we will win, it is certain that we will win from Tura this time,” she said.
These have gone up recently.
According to Pynshngain, his decision was not forced by the party but according to his understanding.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: On the 6th of June at 6 pm, three unidentified robbers who had covered their faces came to NES Dkhiah Petrol Pump (NES Dkhiah Petrol Pump). EJH) and robbed the employees of T.9,08,534 from the Manager and employees.
The country has about 130 active volcanoes which erupt from time to time.
The parties which have announced their candidates for the Shillong MP seat besides the Congress include Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon of the VPP, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh of the NPP and Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh of the NPP. Nongpoh, November 30: A woman has died and a man has been seriously injured after a motorcycle they were riding collided with a truck at Umling.
“It takes up to six months to get the machines and equipment because we have to buy them from abroad,” he said. especially those who come from a poor family.
In densely populated areas such as Shillong, the village leaders should be vigilant and watch out for suspected foreigners and to secure their villages.
When transporting chickens in vehicles, make sure that the chickens are healthy.
“It doesn’t matter because it’s the people’s decision and not my personal decision.
However, when they need to go, they have to go to Nongstoin and then to Rambrai, Mawrok, Mawkhiat and Rynniaw.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong, through the Rangbah Shnong, H.Phawa, said that the entire Dorbar Shnong has strongly condemned the killing of this young man who has no children.
The prisoners’ quarters were visited and the prisoners were also spoken to, to hear firsthand, the problems of the prisoners.
Jowai, March 2: The road which is about 500 meters long from the main road to the Industrial Estate at Khliehtyrshi has collapsed after six months of construction.
The JSTCA after receiving these food items has distributed them to all the drivers who have been affected by the dam closure to fight against the disease and have had to stay at home for two months.
In Arunachal Pradesh, two more cases were confirmed on Saturday, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
Anyways! It is not only the Khasi who have fought the war; However, Bible History also says that the Israelites fought against each other.
In a statement signed by Bah J.Pariong, Bah SDkhar and Bah B.Syiemlieh who claimed to be members of the Congress party, they expressed their regret over the lack of working methods of the party. Nongstoiñ and alleged that this is due to the empowerment of only one person whom the Primary Units do not recognize.
Pig outbreak has increased in Lakhimpur district and the scattering of dead pigs has spread to the outskirts of people's villages, North East Now reported. with dead pigs floating south of the river.
Shillong: The ILP Check Gate (ILP) has been launched across the state today.
Speaking to reporters on Thursday, Phidalia Toi said she learned about her removal from the post of Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) only from the media. and after two statements sent to the media, the Government has sought an explanation through a Show Cause Notice.
Therefore, in this regard, it has been decided to proceed with the process of informing the State Government and KHADC, for the issuance of trading license and labor license and at the same time for the those factories that cannot provide proper documents for setting up factories, he added.
" Deisy's words.
We have to say something about the violence, the religious hatred, the damage to homes and property and the search for violence,” said Bah JA Lyngdoh. .
Whether you win or not is up to you.
I don't know how we Khasi are being killed and why don't we go to fight on the Assam border because many Khasi have been insulted.
Shillong, November 1: U Ma Comingone Ymbon, Minister of Rural Development and Electricity, will contest the MLA elections. 2018, there was the Nationalist Congress Party (NPP).
The mixture of meat, sauce, cheese and crust are high in sodium and are harmful to health for those with high blood pressure. that claims bun you mluh.
Khliehriat, July 20: The 52nd Meghalaya Day 2024 was celebrated in Khliehriat East Jaintia Hills District. at the conference hall at the office of the Deputy Commissioner in Khliehriat.
Regarding this information, on Monday, members and leaders of KSU Mawkhar Circle have deported illegal foreigners who came to work in Mawkhar.
Both the leaders of the MDA government, the Chief Minister and the Deputy Chief Minister, have strongly urged the non-government teachers to go to court. .
We don't understand why the Government has decided to put those under Quarantine in Community Quarantine Centers now that after finding a case that one of those under Home Quarantine has gone to buy meat, the Government has changed its decision to go to Community Quarantine Centres. Home Quarantine.
And one of the main reasons was the Jews' rejection of Jesus to be their king, they rejected the truth and chose the curse.
“At this time when the people of this area are facing difficulties from the NGT ban on coal mining, I urge them to turn to agriculture so that they can meet the demand of their families and at the same time. it is time to preserve the environment.
God is waiting a little while longer for people to repent, perhaps He has not yet allowed such a time to happen because He does not want anyone to perish.
Please inform us as soon as possible since you have symptoms. Why do you have to inform us that you have to enter and leave the hospital yesterday? How can you come from one country, from another state, when you are not from one The district is not allowed to go to another district. Are they rich? They look only at wealth and position, there is no true rule.
Besides the students from Meghalaya who have already signed with the government to serve the state, the services of doctors are needed.
HITO is not afraid of anyone but this time it is because they have an exam and those who take the exam are our own blood children and if we love the country and the nation we have to show that.
Sandeep Chanda tied 43 runs off 57 balls and Shyam S. Pachar 16 runs off 18 balls.
Today, it was seen that the police department has not taken stingy patrolling in the Motphran and Khapsor areas where the police have been patrolling around the city with heavier patrol vehicles, especially after dark.
“He also asked the CEM what documents the council has and confirmed that Thadmynri falls under Nartiang Elaka,” said Elias and demanded the immediate withdrawal of the declaration that Thadmynri falls under Nartiang Elaka.
Deibormitre won the elite title in the 49-52 kg category.
The winners include Pinky Chanda, Neha Hajong, Evanrilin S Syiem, Sara Ananias Kharbani and Fulnessy Mawlong.
He also questioned the inability of the former Chief Minister to resolve the border dispute.
(2) Profaning the name of the Lord.
Those undergoing treatment have risen to 2,35,433, 3,94,227 have recovered and 18,655 have died.
Regarding the forced installation of electricity posts by these people from Assam, he said that as the people we cannot do anything, because the people in power do not take care or support the people. They have expressed their opposition to the proposal of Assam to set up electricity posts in these villages.
He said that after the inspection and found these landslides, he urged the PWD officers to take action to repair them immediately, so that the people will not face. transportation problems.
Dr Myrboh said that the people like to shout the shap u prah by speaking in words is enough, but to shoot and threaten arrest is not possible.
I greeted the Ibarihun.
The manifestos of various political parties seem to have been lost.
Former MLA of Khliehriat Constituency, Bah Justine Dkhar, has explained to the public many of the changes that have been brought about in the constituency since his tenure as MLA and Kyrmen Shylla. He also explained the allegation by Nehlang Lyngdoh, who said that he has handed over 40 years to the intellectuals, which means five years to Justine Dkhar and five years to Kyrmen Shylla. When I got the district, I brought up to 65 percent of the offices within the district, I brought the office of the Deputy Commissioner, the District Court building, isn't this a change? How dare you say that you have not changed your mind for ten years? I have completed the bridge that Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh left behind. From time to time we have brought about changes in the society, as soon as we won we built the road from Wapung to Sohkymphor, isn't this a change? During the tenure of Bah Kyrmen Shylla, he built the road from Ladrymbai to Rymbai, from Kongong to Lumshyrmit, from Rymbai to Moolamanoh. Is there no change in the land of Sahksaw or in Lumshyrmit? During the tenure of Bah Kyrmen Shylla, he built the road from Ladrymbai to Rymbai, from Kongong to Lumshyrmit, from Rymbai to Moolamanoh. “It's not like there's any change in Lumshyrmit,” said Justine Dkhar.
Banks should be requested to link Aadhaar to the accounts of the beneficiaries.
A Khasi woman gave birth to a foreigner who came to school in Shillong.
Shillong: Replying to a question by Congress MLA from Ampati, Miani D Shira, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that the state has a shortage of 129 Specialist Doctors and 111 cases are in hospitals in different districts while 18 cases are in different CHCs.
She said that in 2014, 6,492 KL of petrol was supplied through the Indian Oil Corporation, but there has been a sudden shortage of petrol in the state and this has affected the poor households.
“The expansion of the bank's branches in the area will be a great blessing to the people.
Expressing that she is no longer a newcomer to the political arena, Kong Arena said, “For decades I have cast my vote, hoping to see change but only a few dozen. Shella Constituency has been lagging behind until now.
The two authorities at the forefront, including the State Government and the judiciary, should therefore take an important role in the smooth running of the hospital and at the same time, they should to remove those who are the stumbling blocks to the work of the government hospital and to investigate their corruption, which has killed the lives of those who went for treatment.
During the storm, people should not go outside and should stay indoors to avoid any injury or tragic incident.
Shillong: The Sports Department of NEHU will hold the Inter College Volleyball (Men & Women) and Cricket (Men) Tournament 2019-20 from 26th June to 2nd October
He said that in connection with the incident ha Mukroh, the state leaders have not dared to do anything in front of the Assam leaders. border residents.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla on Saturday inaugurated the auditorium of Chess Stars Higher Secondary School, Jowai.
MSSASA Leader Bah Aristotle Rymbai in a statement sent to the media, requested the State Government to release the money which is still pending in the account of the Ministry of Finance. The State Government to pay the remaining three months salary of the SSA teachers who have been suffering due to the lack of monthly salary.
Therefore, the relatives and others who have any connection with the deceased are urged to immediately collect the body which is now inside the morgue of the hospital within three days from the date of the release. The body was handed over to the Shillong Municipal Board for further investigation.
On the other hand, Shah said that the Act has repealed the provision relating to sedition.
Such incidents have happened since the past years in 1970-71 in 2003 and 2015 when our people from Labang Nangphyllut had to flee to Barato Mukroh Sahsniang Mowluber Jowai Khanduli and other villages. At this time, there is also a desire to resolve the boundary.
Bah Mayrald Born, urged the residents of the village and the village leaders to follow strictly what has been directed by the government and at the same time not to look down on the house. The family of the Rangbah, who is still undergoing treatment and also after he returns home.
However, what surprised these ministers is that the money that the Minister of Mylliem Umlong has collected tens of lakhs of rupees from the market dwellers has not reached the Mylliem Hima, and there is no document to show that he has received money from the marketplace.
Mahua Moitra said that only Mamata Banerjee, the Prime Minister, is a woman who has the spirit of fighting and fearlessness but she always has the goal to stand up and fight against things that are not in accordance with them. public and with a vision to help the poor people who are happy and in need.
The destruction of forest plants, the death of small and large animals is the penalty we have to pay.
He also criticized N Syiem CEM KHADC for saying that Pynshngaiñ has nothing to do with the Congress party but has something to do with Dr. Mukul Sangma.
When they got there, they went straight to Motphran and while they were walking near the RBB Stores, Ban saw again the same young man whom she had seen in the shop more than six months ago. from the store you bought it from.
At the meeting, Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, who heads the committee, said that the people who oppose Aadhaar from Assam have also told him that a joint action committee should be set up. He said that 10 people from Assam and 10 people from Assam will be discussed in more detail on the issue and will preach across the states. meeting in Guwahati.
HK Singh Memorial School beat David & Lois Rees Memorial School 2-1
However, we see that the CM is still saying that it is a continuous process and the data needs to be taken into account since 1972 (retrospective),” he said.
Nine teams from RC Eve Secondary School, Mihmyntdu, Upper Primary, Catholic Youth Sports Club, Women's Dongmihsngi Sports Club, QC Springside HSS, HK Singh Memorial Secondary School, 7 Wasa United, West Jaintia Judo Association and RC Eve Lower Primary School.
India, who came second in four years, fought hard from the start and took a 29-10 lead in the first half through Pooja Hathwala and Pushpa Rana.
This is not the first time that the companies have mined stone, but last summer, below the site, which is now collapsed, it was seen that there had been a clash of two , three vehicles, because of the flooding during the rainy season and the reason, is because the contractors or land owners, only removed the stone to sell to Bangladesh and did not clean it properly, as you should dig a road.
I am sorry and sorry that no Khasi can compete with Rev.John Roberts in composing a patriotic song, until I have to take the song written by him. .
The Chief Minister also confirmed that with the abolition of the MRGA, there will be no law to prohibit other types of illegal activities in the State.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, MLA of Malki-Laitumkhrah Constituency, MLA of Malki-Laitumkhrah, Bah Fantin. Nongthymmai MLA Charles Pyngrope, Education Minister Lakmen Rymbui, Shillong South MLA Adelbert Nongrum and several government officials were also present.
Khanduli, June 24: Hundreds of people, including Village Leaders from Khanduli, Saitsama, Namdong and others as well as Sengbhalang from Jaintia Hills have marched to Khanduli to demand the removal of the Collection Gate and The Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) Police Station and through this visit, the Karbi Anglong District Administration has promised to remove the Khyrdop and also the Police Station.
Process said that the residents especially in Khasi and Jaintia Hills will not support the party in the upcoming elections.
The statue is 12 meters tall from head to toe and is known in foreign languages ​​as the Mausoleum.
We don't know the role of the Synod in its rules of procedure and whether it is only in the work of the Church or perhaps it is also in the work of the public service, because the Presbyterian Church has There are many good works that she has done in these days and that we cannot count until now.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 24: The In-charge Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District in a statement today said that on 21st November 2023, six (6) illegal coal mining factories will be closed down. The coke plants in Nonglangpar have been reopened by the District Administration.
Furthermore, the Intermediate Road has been constructed from Wahkaji, Phlangdiloin to Ranikor. You can submit your Details Project Report (DPR).
He also explained that the MLA scheme of Rs 11 crore 50 lakh is not the allegation of D Tariang through RTI of Rs 12 crore 50 lakh.
Shillong, July 14: U South Shillong MLA and Minister of State, Bah Sanbor Shullai, on Saturday criticized the misuse of rights of the Khasi people especially those living in his constituency. to exercise their powerful power in democracy by going to cast their vote.
Jesus will come down to Jerusalem and every eye will see him.
The slump in the car market has forced Tata Motors to close its operations for the fourth time since last month from Friday to Saturday. , including Sunday, which is a holiday.
The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills, Matsiewdor War Nongbri, has promised to close down all shops outside the market if found violating the protocols of the government and the department. health.
The seizure of these firearms was announced and confirmed by the Director General of Police (DGP) of Assam, GP Singh.
Speaking to media, Bah Pangniang said the HSPDP, which is one of the oldest parties in the state, will work to bring about a clean and corruption-free government. and also to fight for the demand for their own state, the Khasi-Jaintia State.
Therefore, on his part, he will follow up for this so that it will be of benefit to the people and the youth who are talented in sports.
While walking along the road, he had the opportunity to ask questions.
The Umïam Bridge, which separates Ri Bhoi District and East Khasi Hills District, has started repairs from November 2023 and is expected to be completed within four months.
By wisdom, man can read and write, by wisdom man can find the wonderful things that God has already spoken.
On the other hand, Dr Donkupar congratulated Banalari World Cars on its success, especially Banalari Khongwar and Godwin Roy Lakiang, the owners.
This was stated by KSU Napuh Circle Leader KS Suchiang after submitting a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday.
While the Jews were blinded so that they did not know who Jesus was?! It was too difficult for the Jews to accept and believe that Jesus was the Son of God or the Messiah. that they may wait.
It is learned that the value of the drugs seized from the vehicle is less than 50 phew byrni.
Rebinroy Rynjah of St Gabriel HSS Laimer got 94 marks in the SSLC, Kalkedon Mylliemngap of Kyntiew Shaphrang HSS got 94 marks in the SSLC, Evalca Khongsni of St Sthony HSS got 94 marks. Pynursla got 86 marks in the HSSLC, Embhahlang Dkhar of Ramkrishna Sohra got 85 marks in the HSSLC, Federick Sawkmie of St Anthony Shillong got 88 marks and Shishalinda Lyngkhoi of St Anthony Shillong got 90 marks in the HSSLC. At the same time, Bah Pala today launched four Khasi books 'Iadaw Masi' written by Bah MM. Thaiang, 'From the Collected Words' by Lucky Kharpuri, 'The Wildlife of Meghalaya' by Shiningstar Laloo and 'Khasi Writers Part-III' by Kitbor W Nongrum.
It is surprising that there are few barikor written on paper in the area, except for the Santhali, because others are single-body writers who also include images of clothes. They didn't thirst for the riewlum in their place.
New Delhi: Along with the blue uniforms, the Congress leaders, not only violated the CrPC, but also raised the police barrier to protest against the increase in the price of goods, the arrest of leaders in the Enforcement Directorate and the increase in the Goods and Services Tax (GST).
“We will continue our protests until we get ILP,” said KSU President Daniel Khyriem after seeing the full support that the KSU has received from the people.
Those who witnessed the incident said that the sumo was driving faster, but at this place, which is also a place where vehicles pass from one side to the other side of the road. When a local taxi arrived at the scene, suddenly a local taxi, which tried to cross the road, caused the driver of the sumo to stop suddenly and the sumo collided with the divider. , after which it turns in the middle of the road.
Youth Congress President Richard MMarak said it is against the constitution of the democratic country to suspend MPs of the party just because they have made corruption allegations against them. Three BJP ministers including Sushma Swaraj, Va Sundhara Raje and Shivraj Singh Chouhan.
This is not the time to criticize or blame the Government, but only as a suggestion.
“However, the exact cause has not been confirmed yet.
Because these radioactive substances enter the soil, water, plants, animals, fish and humans, which has caused irreparable damage.
The actress, who has also acted in Tamil films, has agreed to star in two Telegu films starring Chiranjeevi and Nagarjuna.
The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma on Tuesday informed the Assam Legislative Assembly that Mukroh village is still within the border of Assam and within the Local Government of West Caribbean District.
The HNLC has made it clear that it will not complete anything, but will do it until the end, said a statement from Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, Publicity Secretary of the party.
He said that the village has also taken care of this road.
In the 2019 MP elections, the same thing happened and Modi was re-elected as Prime Minister.
Of course, you can't say that you don't have a dam because of this disease.
The inadequate roads and paths have caused a lot of trouble to the people especially in Saibul, Thuruk, Moulsei, Molian and other villages in the Saipung area. School children and teachers have to walk through the ground filled with earth and hands to reach the school. The union has witnessed with its own eyes these problems of the people and also through social media. Not only that, the union also expresses that due to the lack of Inadequate roads have led to backwardness in economic development, as well as in education.
“It has cost thousands of rupees in connection with this case because it has reached the Supreme Court and then the High Court,” he said. “This will not take long because the CPC and CrPC rules have now been fully implemented in the state. ask for time or adjournment only three times from the beginning of filing until the day they issue the order,” he said.
There are about 127 Khasi elders whom Dr Lamare has collected who took part in the First World War but he said he will search for more as this book is part of the open to those interested in conducting further research.
In another match, Pomshutia, which tied first, managed to score only 54 runs in 13.5 overs for the loss of all wickets.
“Therefore, the HNYF strongly opposes any attempt by such groups to create ethnic discrimination in the state through unfounded actions and in which the indigenous people who are the Khasi have not been shocked by the killing of villagers, whether in the border areas, the shooting by BSF troops or the bombing of Bah (L) Lurshai Hynniewta,” he said. leader of the Seng.
As a result, government authorities have repeatedly tried to control the language of news publishers by threatening to remove advertisements.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Twitter, said that all the people who came from Chennai, Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills have arrived at the screening centres. and test them.
Example: Like Hindus, Muslims and others who do not recognize Jesus Christ as their Savior, we cannot call them Christians or Christian families.
The tournament was organized by the Sports Department of North Eastern Hill University.
In the fourth match of the tournament, Symper Rangers played against Laitlum Hitters.
Science is still lacking; Man lives in peace, whether in the city or in the countryside.
“We will see tomorrow the issues that the opposition will bring tomorrow.
Now I'm sure.
Other speakers included Hemen Kalita, Vice President and Jasbir Singh Secretary, Rotary Club Shillong Heritage. the society as a whole.
“It may not be without fail.
On the other hand, Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA and Minister of State, has written to the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma to take immediate action on the incident so that there will be no more problems in the future.
They said that the hospital has already prepared all the necessary facilities to treat the COVID-19 patients.
Shillong, Lber 19: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Meghalaya Police, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that he will do his utmost to improve the Meghalaya Police and make it a clean and transparent police force. and there shall be no more wickedness, nor wrongdoing.
Two of the most famous places of worship, the Dwarkadhish Temple in Devbhumi Dwarka and the Somnath Temple in Gir Somnath district, remained closed for devotees on Friday.
After the BJP, the Congress party without the presence of a candidate, John F Kharshiing said that the mid-term elections are easy to count. He said that it was only a visit to fill the vacancy filled by Bah Pangniang, former MDC of Rambrai.
“Many families are divided between husband and wife, so this leads to discrimination against their children.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sranly said that in the past, the Markasa Market was a market full of noise and the people who came to the market were not happy. Every market day, within 3 pm, the market visitors have fled their homes due to the large number of illegal drug dealers, drunkards and robbers.
Speaking on the VAB, Congress President Albinus Kharbani said that the government has sent to correct the shortcomings but it has done what it has done. He said that the government has prepared a Mining Policy.
Speaking on the occasion, the MLA of Nongstoin, Bah Macmillan Byrsat, said that the Prime Minister has given special attention to the people of Nongstoin and West Khasi Hills District. The government has opened up the opportunity to provide assistance to farmers through FOCUS and FOCUS plus which has supported more and more farmers in the Nongstoin area.
When asked about the HSPDP's participation in the NPP-led MDA government, he said, “This will not affect anything and we all know that this heritage we are living in is the era of synrop governments and not only in Meghalaya but to other parts of the country, and the coalition between the HSPDP and the NPP does not affect at all because the joining of MLAs is also on the basis,” he replied.
The people need to ask questions to those who are in charge of speaking in the Legislative Assembly.
Some of you may ask, do we have to wear masks in church? The answer is yes, because there may be asymptomatic among those who come to church.
In the past two days, there were also sports competitions such as tan tyllai, table tennis, costume competition and song competition.
They also demanded that the farmers should be allowed to sell their produce at the market until 2 pm as decided by the Dorbar u Syiem of Mylliem Hima and to put up a clear sign board.
He said the intention was to settle the border with Assam without consulting the Hima Mylliem, which used to own the land and which is in accordance with the provisions of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
If we don’t get it, it will make us worried, anxious, depressed and brings something we don’t like in life.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, said that the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills will announce the lifting of the curfew tomorrow.
He said that just as the strong branches of a tree need a strong stem, so the success of this training center depends on a strong foundation.
There were many comments here and there, when these statements of Bhagat came out, which affected the feelings of many thinkers, which were written against by many writers.
“Ka seng is deeply saddened to hear of such an incident and the party also asks whether the C&RD Block was brought in just because at that time the election was near? “It is to be recalled that this Block was opened on 5th November 2022 before the MLA election 2023,” said the statement.
These checkpoints have appeared many times in the newspapers and social media especially in Assam, Karnataka and Maharashtra.
Suman Haripriya also admitted that if you perform puja without using eit and umjung masi in front of the fire, it will prevent the spread of the corona virus as this will bring about the cleanliness of the body. the air.
We have made progress in this regard in the last 2.5 years as more than 1.14 lakh villages have reported that they have achieved various ODF Plus targets and about 3 lakh villages have started their ODF Plus targets. SLWM work which is the beginning of their journey to ODF Plus status.
In the end, Meghalaya lost all wickets for 157 runs, which gave Vidarbha an innings to win by 259 runs.
Other speakers included Lahkmen Rymbui, Wailadmiki Shylla, Limba Dkhar (President Jaintia Cattle Butchers' Welfare Association), Boldness Ryngkhlem, Secretary Elword Ryng. , Rangbah Shnong of Demthring in the presence of Dr. HK Marak, Director, AH & Veterinary Department and Dr. DI Kjam, District Veterinary Officer, Jowai.
When asked how long it will take to fill all these vacancies, the Minister said that all these vacancies will be filled within two months.
They are required to meet once every three months to review and review the work.
The MLA elections in all 60 constituencies are less than 10 years away and this is the time for the voters to look back on what they have received from their leader in the last four years and one that he has brought. in their communities all these years.
The road has been constructed under the SPF scheme of the NEC of PWD, East Jaintia Hills.
It is to be recalled that recently, the Army authorities announced to hold the Durand Cup this year at four venues including Shillong. The stadium has caused the loss of this opportunity this year.
The Minister in charge of the Excise Department, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, on Tuesday said that the Excise Department as it is now, is an income generating department and one of the largest generating departments. revenue for the state.
According to the source, she said that it is very difficult to fight against traffic jam in Shillong if there is no way to improve or create other roads. kali or wan outside the state.
The NPP has understood that it has not done anything for the people in 4.5 years and therefore they know that the people themselves are ready to remove them from power, as the party said. Congress in 2014, before the Lok Sabha elections.
Speaking to reporters at his office, he said that the public meeting should clarify the issues within the ARPA. Ardent said he has not received a letter from the UDP, but he has seen it in the papers. He said that he will have to think carefully whether he can accept these rules of the UDP and he will announce this publicly on the 19th.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma today said that earlier when he was not an MLA, the insurgents came to his house and ate food, but how can we do it? .
Thank you very much, Samla Mawlai.
His visit to Garo Hills was to visit the North Eastern States.
The Sirdar of Nongpoh Sirdarship, Bah Wanphrang Syiem, said that the awarding ceremony was held at the Rangbah Shnong of Nongpoh, Bah Silvester Mynsong. The whole of Nongpoh, is in accordance with the rules empowered by the District Council and once empowered as the Rangbah Shnong and the Village Leaders can carry out the village activities according to the customs and traditions.
They also demanded that the government should immediately stop the search and arrest of KSU members and call for immediate talks with the political parties including the KSU. Speaking to reporters after meeting with Bah HDR Lyngdoh, he said that Bah HDR Lyngdoh cannot confirm the demands of the political parties but he has promised to send a letter to the Minister. Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has not yet announced the date of the meeting.
The injured was identified as Donkupar Marwein,
Your knowledge has turned into suffering.
In fact, the Governor does not speak Hindi, but it does not impress the MLAs because many of them do not understand and therefore, some believe that this is the action of the Central Government to bring the Governor. who does not speak English, is an attempt to force the language into the minds of the people of the state.
This came to light after Bah Ban Kharnaior, General Secretary of RBYWO and members visited the area, where the mother plant was planted for the purpose of producing seeds. It is also surprising to see that the Mother Plants which were planted since March 2016, have not found a single survivor, but it has been found that in that area the Strawberry Kmie was found to have started to sprout.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng, 26: The Narpuh Forest is still a dense forest where even the sun's rays cannot penetrate the dense forest which has many kinds of trees, plants and plants. diverse.
Khliehriat jymmang 01 : Bah Mihsalan Bareh, from East Jaintia Hills District, who used to take part and win in car racing, who is a member of Club EJAMSA, has won the second place in the competition. The 4th Street King's Club Challenge will be held in Nagaland on 28th and 29th June
Shillong: The HANM Western Ri Bhoi Circle, on Tuesday, lodged a complaint against the BSNL mobile phone tower in Warmawsaw village, Ribhoi District.
“On November 2, 2022, when I got information that they were going to arrive at my house, I had to hide because I was afraid that they would treat me like they treated Mr. Cheristerfield, because they are the same people who involved in this incident," he said.
The MLA also inspected the RCLP School Niriang which is very old and needs to be rebuilt.
Shillong, November 01: U Tuliram Ronghang should immediately apologize for his statement that the Pnars are foreigners who have just settled in Mukroh and Block-I. SOMALA) has said that the killings and bloodshed that happen from time to time are due to the government's failure to implement the Meghalaya Transfer of Land Regulation Act, The ownership of the land by non-citizens of this state.
Speeches were also delivered by Dr. S. Lyngdoh, Additional DMHO, Dr. A. Lyngdoh, DMHO, Rangbah Shnong of Mawsiatkhnam, Bah Shemphang Wahlang, Bah B. President of the Union of Four Villages, Bah Wamlamkupar Lynrah, Secretary of Mawsiat Khnmat Village and others.
Born on 6th June 1948, KK Paul is a retired IPS officer. He is 65 years old and joined the IPS in In 1970, he graduated from MSc (Hons) Ph.D.
West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WKC) has won by 10 wickets against East Khasi Hills District Cricket Association (WHAC) in Group B of the U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament. Cricket Association (MCA) in Umbuda, Nongpoh.
It is on this basis that the DDMA has to reform and provide training on how to assist the public in times of natural disasters.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 517 including 7 recoveries today.
Students of the Tourism Department of the college took part in the program to explain to the residents on the importance of Guest Relations and Housekeeping Skills especially to those who are involved in the development of the industry. Visit to Mawlyngbna.
Please explain chapter 60 of Isaiah the prophet.
The Minister said this to the office bearers of the Meghalaya SSA School Association who met him today to demand that the government should increase the salaries of SSA teachers. President of the union, said that according to the minister, the state government will increase the salary of these SSA teachers and it will be according to the budget of the central government and the rest of the state government will pay. long to be brought to the Cabinet for a decision.
He said the VPP has also demanded to suspend the recruitment or recruitment interviews in the state. The Prime Minister and the MDA 2.0 government have said that they cannot suspend and have to move forward. However, after now they have to suspend because they have understood that the roster system is not yet complete and there is still that bias in the recruitment.
Some of the residents went to a higher ground to see the wild animals and 60-year-old Ohindro Dalu from Killapara village followed them.
Also, the village leaders who gave their speeches expressed their gratitude to the MLA for taking the initiative to bring about various development projects in the constituency for the benefit of the residents of the area.
On Friday, police arrested four more extortionists in Shillong including a woman.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday suggested to the Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Bah AL Hek to set up a team of veterinarians to look after the animals. Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD).
According to the AA stats, 632,000 vehicles have been damaged in the past 12 months due to collisions on these roads. road, is due to heavy rains, in
Garo Hills was excluded from the ILP in 1897, so that it would not interfere with the movement of foreign workers who were supposed to collect land taxes under the jamindari system of these states. years and other government jobs.
This land is still a Disputed Area and has been buried by the Government of Assam.
On this occasion, the DMHO promised the JSU to inform the health authorities and said that it is very difficult to provide doctors due to the shortage in the state.
Be alert to your own and don’t hesitate to get help here and there.
A year ago, Meghalaya had conducted this awareness campaign in 10,000 thousand schools and so far this awareness campaign has been conducted 51,000 times.
Shillong, Nailur 7 : The Directorate of Dairy Development (DDA) has handed over milk trucks and milk testing vehicles through the NPDD to 18 Dairy Cooperative Societies at a meeting held at Central Dairy Campus, Shillong. Wings.
In the rural areas, the Department of Arts and Culture has been appointed to include traditional weapons, traditional musical instruments, and instruments. traditional implements), artifacts, antiques such as klong ki skaw, wooden sticks, stone tablets, stone tablets, rest houses and so on.
Hughes, who died at the age of 25, had played 26 Tests, 25 ODIs and one Twenty20 for Australia.
He said that the owner of the shop has lodged a complaint with the Nongstoiñ Police Station.
He said that until October 2010, the payment of terminal benefits was only Rs 840 crore but now it has increased to Rs 3000 crore. not paid from the beginning.
Shillong, July 28: Many groups have condemned the expulsion of a Khasi woman, Tailin Lyngdoh, from a party at the Delhi Golf Club for wearing a Jaiñsem. The Club said that her dress shows that she is a domestic worker and that she is also a Nepali woman.
The organization has celebrated the World Environment Day by holding a short program with the participation of teachers, school children and members of the organization.
The meeting was held today in Shillong.
At present, the Deputy CEM receives T.38,570 and a household allowance of T.4,5
Ma Comingone Ymbon congratulated the school on its 25th anniversary.
These 20 women have started their hunger strike since the 27th of this month, and now their hunger strike has reached three days and three nights.
Before Friday's victory in Almeria, Xavi said it was difficult to compete financially with Real Madrid and other European clubs.
The award was presented to the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority.
I have not said anything about the shortcomings of the MDA Government or even suggested anything about the reforms.
Marwein recalled that in the meeting with the leaders of KHADC and JHADC , the two district councils also expressed their agreement to amend the Act because according to the the current interpretation suggests that there will be widespread deforestation throughout the state.
Detailed explanations on the working methods and assistance that the people can get through this scheme were explained by experts from the Meghalaya Health Systems Strengthening Projects and State RBSK. The competition for the children of Mynthong LP School included vegetable decoration, drawing, tree planting and training on Tiffin Box and Balance Meal explained by Kong Habari Warjri.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today launched the National Health Protection Scheme (NHS) which will provide Rs 5 lakh to 10 crore people. the people who are poor in the country.
However, in the midst of these incidents, there is hope as the AIFF has talked to the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports to resolve this issue.
Still this rule does not apply to those vehicles with unavoidable functions.
“I don't think the MP post is a pleasant job, but when I look at it now, people have rejected the Congress party and its people.
When arriving at Smit, one of the pig sellers, Bah Christopher Lang Stang, also known as Bah Mick, said that since the lockdown in the state, the price of cow meat has reached about 350 tyngka. shi kilo but in the present case, due to the shortage of cow meat from outside the area, he has to slaughter his own cow and the price has reached 400 or 420 per kilo. .
Bah Byrsat was accompanied by his family members and NPP supporters who also took part in the rally from his residence in Pyndengrei to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of WKHD. After the filing of nomination papers, Bah Byrsat said that he is still eager to complete the outstanding works and he wants to see that Nongstoin constituency will be equal to other constituencies. constituency in the State or more and to make Nongstoiñ a smart town.
On the part of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, he expressed his gratitude to the members of the Association, especially those who have concerns and suggestions for the preparation of the coal mining method. in accordance with the order of the Supreme Court of India.
As mentioned above, the decline in human values, especially in the language, especially among our society, not only makes many people proud or sad but it is also an opportunity for other societies to use them. women, longkmie, as you hear in the streets and markets.
Four power generation projects including the Kynshi project are on the list to use state-of-the-art technology for the purpose of power generation. The National Hydroelectric Power Corporation (NHPC) is also exploring how to obtain such projects to generate more than 20,000 mega watts of electricity in the country.
However, under the wise guidance of the Creator, we have not lost the annual celebration of the Lehniam of the Hima Khyrim.
On the other hand, the Director said that the promotion will have to be thought through and the union said that this is the only school that has been funded by the State Government and it needs to be upgraded. Furthermore, the union is aware that there are subjects which do not have full time teachers and which have to be taken over by fellow teachers of the school.
Fire chief Mahfuz Riben said 69 people were killed in the blaze and the death toll could rise.
HITO President Donbok Dkhar in a statement said that the HITO strongly opposes the MLMDF led by SK Choudhary to hold a protest against the killing of two foreigners in Ichamati, Shella.
The Swachhata Pakhwada – Swachhata Hi Seva 2023 has promoted swachhata related initiatives in rural and urban areas of the country.
When the battle began, it was Mawpator who shot first and his bullets went from the right shoulder of Mawryngkhang.
The London-based club won the Champions League in 2021, but finished the season without reaching the goal since the 1993-94 season. came 14th under the leadership of Glenn Hoddle.
The strike will be held from 10 am to 5 pm at NEHU, Mawkynroh, Shillong.
Sanbor also promised to inform the High Court on the government's inability to declare it as a Law Adong as he said the Advisory Committee has already directed the government to declare it within 60 days according to its hearing of the PIL in 2005 but the government has not been able to announce it yet.
All of them have been Chief Ministers in Meghalaya for a long time and mostly only the Garo Rajas.
“This is the fourth time I’m going to compete.
Meanwhile, the Kerala government on Tuesday told the Supreme Court that 51 women have entered the temple after the order of the Supreme Court. They were menstruating and the court order violated the long-standing custom of prohibiting women from entering the temple.
The MDC of the area, Ma Aiborlang Shadap, said that they have sent a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs to remind them of the demands that have been put before the government for decades to request to set up a Police Out Post in Barato. you are snow.
According to Dr. GH Chyrmang, Divisional Forest Officer, Jowai Division, these trucks came from Iooksi and were owned by Habahun Dkhar from Sahsniang.
The agreement was signed by the Chief Minister, Grant Winnton, Senior Director, Government of Alberta, Canada.
The DGP thanked the State Government and the Ministry of Home Affairs for their support in achieving this goal.
“When we win we have to work together for the good of the people.
To clarify, in karaoke, singers should sing with the track of any song they have chosen and should not sing with the voice of the original singer.
However, should we eat or not eat fish anymore, especially those species of fish from Andhra Pradesh? The fish that come from the districts of the state do not contain formalin and we are happy to eat them.
The meeting did not go anywhere, and the SDO left the meeting room with the Chief Executive Members.
“I am very happy with my service and I hope that God will bless me once again through the support of the people of the village to elect me again to be one of those political advocates in you're in the state,” she said.
Nongpoh, June 23: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) on Saturday launched a The CoRP Ronghalam Unit has been established in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong: On the 3rd of November 2021, a child was found dead at Lawei Children's Home Boys, Langkyrding, Block 2, Shillong.
Out of the 21,48,095 residents, 18,45,631 (77.79 per cent) are from rural areas and 3,03,464 (50.87 per cent) are from urban areas.
St. Anthony's College, Shillong, Morningstar College, Shillong and Seng Khasi College, Shillong have won the Football Tournament organized by NEHU today. The Inter College Football Tournament was held at the SAI Stadium at the end of NEHU, Shillong.
When contacted by the President of the VPP North Shillong constituency, Bah Strong Kharjana, he said that no VPP office bearers have expressed their willingness to contest the MDC elections from these two constituencies.
In addition, 1000 tyngka per month and 12,000 tyngka per annum will be provided to all women in one household.
In addition, the records of the Access Control System (CAS) are available at the Secretariat and the Secretariat Administration Department.
He also expressed his gratitude to the Ministry for being willing to allocate funds for this project for the safety of the people of the state and especially the city of Williamnagar.
“It is also necessary to have a de-addiction centre, especially to provide accommodation to women who have become addicted to drugs,” she said while fixing the date for the hearing on 28th June.
Tura, July 20: Tura MP Agatha K Sangma today inaugurated the Training Hall of the Fisheries Department at Digri Chiring Fish Seed Farm in Duragre, Rongram C&RD Block, Tura. It has also distributed three wheelers to some of the fishermen of West Garo Hills under the Prime Minister's Matsya Sampada Yojna, 2020-2
Shillong: Not only that the world is defeated in all aspects but since the outbreak of Covid-19, it has affected the income of the people of the state especially those who live on income. a low-income job, who live to earn day and night.
On 8th June, another AITC MP, Jawahar Sircar, urged that the Khasi and Garo languages ​​should be included in the fifth schedule of the Constitution.
What is worse is that some of the residents have put the eit in plastic bags and bread in the river.
Shillong: “In my personal opinion, if the UDP's proposal to nominate a joint candidate from the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) in the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency does not succeed, I feel that it will or will not succeed. UDP Senior Working President Bindo M Lanong told reporters after the opening of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) meeting.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of MAWU, M.June Myrching, said, “The government has no right to order us Asha workers, if you are a mother who takes care of the needs of your children. don't have the right to rule".
He said that there are four MLAs from Garo Hills who have been elected as Ministers of State and five MLAs from Khasi Jaintia Hills. Because everyone wants to get a chance to lead the area or district, but it is difficult for them to follow the rules and regulations.
The statement said that the PMAY (Gramin & Urban) aims to provide 3 crore houses in urban areas and 2 crore houses in rural areas. As of 24th July 2022, 1.70 crore poor houses have been constructed under the PMAY-G scheme and another 73 lakh houses, Shillong: The newly appointed MDC of Mawphlang-Diengïei Constituency, Bah Lamphrang Blah, has congratulated the MDC of Mawphlang-Diengïei Constituency on his election as the Chairman of the House. The Legislative Assembly of KHADC, without any objection, expressed the hope that Bah Blah will approve the arrangement for the payment of money as well as the confirmation.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited Vajpayee at 7.15 pm last night and stayed in Vajpayee's room for 50 minutes. Vajpayee, who was born in 1924, is under the care of Dr Randeep Guleria, Director of AIIMS. He treated Atal Bihari Vajpayee for 40 years.
There are 19 districts in the country, which are severely affected by the disease and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, has urged the public to be vigilant, as the disease, it has grown rapidly in other parts of the world.
On the other hand, Bah Banraplang Kharbteng said that as soon as the village headmen received information about the damage caused by the earthquake to some of the houses in the village, they took action to search for the damage and found that the houses were destroyed. Ai-ieid Kharryngki was injured.
Benzema is also the winner of football's highest award, the Ballon d'Or.
This is because jhur grown only with organic fertilizers is expensive and healthy.
As of November 2019, he is the most popular Facebook user in the world with 122 million followers.
On Sunday, a 4.5 magnitude earthquake struck the residents of the same area, but the earthquake passed away and was not as strong as before. on Thursday and no one was injured in the second earthquake.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Minister of State for Education and Human Resource Development, Prakash Javadekar, on Tuesday said that since Narendra Modi became the Prime Minister of the country, he has changed his mind. especially for the North East to develop rapidly in economic development.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah HS Thangkhiew explained about the NALSA scheme.
Police have conducted a postmortem and handed over the body to the family members of the foreigner.
The chief guest who witnessed the match was Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla in the presence of Deputy Commissioner Garod LSN Dykes, IAS, District Sports Officer Khroobok Passah and Working President. WJDSA Ma EMH Passah, WJDSA office bearers and others.
Shillong Golfer's Association (SGA) President AL Hek has expressed his dissatisfaction with the dismissal of women guards just because they dared to complain against the rude speech. Arunachal Pradesh Minister of Home Affairs L Wanglet.
The Temple-Criticism In Mark's Gospel by Sam P. Matthew shows that the Temple in Jerusalem was not only a place of worship, but also the center of government and wealth.
On the other hand, Bah Larry Kharpran said that it is expected that there will be about 27 to 28 states and some sports associations to send their players to participate in this tournament.
“We remind you that the MDC election 2014 is near, such people will come to propose schemes or money, but let us be wise and at nothing should not be given anymore. Shillong, Naiwieng 7: Police on Tuesday said, “Support or allow such people to thank our area and the nation as a whole because we will live in lynga shirta and sorrow forever”. Four persons including their leader Pynshai Rani (31) from different parts of the city have been arrested for allegedly robbing a truck driver and a follower from Sohiong View Point at 3 25th November.
Another cow seller in Nongthymmai, who did not want to be named, said that he and his fellow cow sellers from other places, cannot afford to buy a cow. im bad shu kill yourself.
No one has been able to replace Narendra Modi and he doesn't care about anyone who speaks against him and it doesn't matter whether they are from the state or from other parties,” he said.
Shillong, March 27 : The Young Blood Sports Club (YBSC) Sohlap-Umdoh-Mawpot, Shella has organized a football tournament for the development of young sportsmen. Exhibition Match) will be held on 25th March 2022 at Sohlap, Shella.
So far, those who have applied for tickets from the HSPDP are people who are close to Maieid and who used to be with him during his lifetime.
On the 30th June, 2023, a baby was born at the Civil Hospital, Nongpoh, by Assisted Breech Delivery.
“It is a blessing for the country if we get a clean government,” said Alvi.
On the defeat of the Congress candidate by 40,000 votes , Pastor admitted that in the election , the wind has blown against him , but the people especially from the area where he is strong do not come forward to vote “The percentage of voters in the constituencies where he is strong is very low,” he said.
On the other hand, Angela Ryngad said that at this time the government should have provided assistance to the land owners so that they can earn a living, but the Meghalaya government has remained silent without informing them. trouble with the market.
In Ribhoi District, the area that has not yet been agreed upon between the Assam and Meghalaya governments is the 6.6 sqkm area at Khanapara.
He said that in a meeting with the Governors of the States in 2018, he said that it would be good for the students to go to the villages to know the facts.
“This is the time for the citizens of India to raise their voices and elect leaders and the Congress as the way to achieve a peaceful and prosperous country,” Antony said.
To add, these days, any family doesn't have time to teach their children in the rympei because they have driven away the rongphong of this world and don't have time to take They have given their responsibility to their children in their own households.
Returning to Shillong, the match of Shillong Zone was a very interesting match in which the two teams in the second half played well and in this match both the teams reached the 1 tie until the end of the first half.
Dr Mukul Sangma today said he has received information that the MDA government has filed a petition in the Meghalaya High Court against the decision of the Meghalaya Lokayukta to investigate. on corruption in the state and illegal coal trade.
Shillong, Jymmang 03 : U Gavin M Mylliem, candidate of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) for the 2023 MLA election from Sohra Constituency to be held on 27th June, 2023, on Tuesday said that Titos W Chyne, candidate for the MLA election The United Democratic Party (UDP) should not forget that he has led Sohra as MLA from 2013 to 2018 while now he is trying to mislead the people.
“The suspension of the High Court is like giving a little breath to those who have been complained about,” she said.
The project which was launched eight years ago to improve the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi Rivers has been abandoned without any attention, and this is not new in Meghalaya.
The foundation stone for the construction of this road was laid by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on 24th June, 2021 in the presence of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, MLA Mairang, Bah Samlin Malngiang, MLA Mairang. Sohiong constituency.
Plum or Doris fruit from the market (Motphran) can be bought for only Rs 50/- to 60/- on the Laitumkhrah footpath and hawkers sell it for 160 and 180 tyngka per kilo.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, in a statement issued today, has informed that the markets at Cantonment, Mawlonghat and Paltan Bazar will be closed on the 24th of this month.
The strength of the storm was so strong that it destroyed houses and colored up to about 200 meters away, some houses were stuck on trees.
Sadly, however, the value of man is considered to be the lowest in these days, and that fact is obvious.
WPSI Nongrum has been appointed to conduct the investigation and WP Inspector PE Marweiñ has been appointed to conduct the investigation.
He also urged the youth of the state to work hard from now on, so that not only they can reach the final, but they can also win.
Likewise, in every aspect of our struggle, as a nation, we often misuse any issues that affect our lives and deaths from time to time. “For the sake of the country and the nation.
:The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh, has urged the ASHAs to resume their work, as the Government has it will not be able to accept all their demands.
Therefore, we have to support our own farmers by buying their products from them so that the country and all the citizens can survive.
Broccoli also helps with prostate cancer because it contains sulforaphane.
“This project has been implemented by the JHADC, which has been sanctioned since 2006-2014, but until now nothing has been done,” he said. state.
Taylor is currently on bail of $2,80,000 in connection with the offence.
He urged the children to obey the teachers especially the parents who work hard and allow the rainy days to educate their children and to work hard and diligently in their studies to reap the fruits of victory.
He said that the aim of the school is to provide the best education to the students in accordance with the present era and to preserve the name of his father and the village of Namdong.
A magisterial inquiry has been launched to investigate the incident.
U Myllung said, “When you speak or answer anyone, speak in a low voice; a soft word turns away wrath.
Meanwhile, on the 7th, the District Level Road Safety Committee will also conduct a mobile camp and special drive on the Jowai By Pass, Khliehtyrshi to inspect any signs placed on the back of vehicles to avoid collisions. On the 8th, a mobile camp will be held at Mihmyntdu near the DTO office to check the use of seat belts, helmets and other items.
“The loss of many lives in these few hours has been tragic and the government will provide assistance to those families affected by this disaster.
In this regard, she lodged a complaint with the Principal Secretary on 10th November, 2016 and he replied on 20th November, 2016 and sent a letter to the Treasury to release her. you have your salary.
Charles Pyngrope MLA of AITC (Trinamul) also announced his support for the NPP. Uniform Civil Code, CAA (Citizenship Amendment Act) and others, which Modi's BJP has passed into law in India.
After this curfew, there will be an office curfew on 13th November.
The ambulance of the party has been parked at Sadar Police Station for 10 months.
They are the crown.
“The people in the villages have complained that the government health centers do not have enough medicines but what is surprising is that the department has wasted up to T.4 crore,” said the committee. However, the department has tried to slow down the process.
Several participants from Jammu, Chattisgarh, West Bengal, Assam, Meghalaya and Manipur were also present at the race.
He said that the training for the younger generation will be two days a month on Thursday evening and Saturday morning.
He said that besides, they can exempt from paying income tax, they can vote and become MDCs because the AD rules of KHADC and JHADC allow if they are ST, they are exempt from trading. By the Non-Tribal Act of District Councils and other rights as tribals.
Speaking on the recent arrest of illegal residents in Lum Survey, the KHADC chief said, “Therefore, the Council has issued a strong warning against those who try to to break the law, for we will not allow anyone to dwell in the marketplace.
All these candidates explained their reasons for working for the people of the constituency, at the same time they explained about the working methods of their parties whether they are National Parties or Parties. nation.
In addition, there was also a statement by the survivors of mental illness as part of the treatment measures which also showed the ability to fight, courage and determination to fight against this. a kind of disease.
Everbrightson Mylliempdah scored the second goal for Shillong Lajong FC in the 43rd minute, after which Bengaluru United had another chance to turn the tide. In the 51st minute, Figo Syndai headed the ball in the 82nd minute. Lajong continued to play well in front of a large crowd.
The turnout came after the Voice of the People Party (VPP) called for a meeting with all political parties. to discuss the Roster System.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The youth of the country are the wealth of the future, don't play and don't be stingy, because they may misuse their knowledge for other purposes, said the KHNAM. ), KHNAM has expressed its anger by alleging that the reason why the youths who hold khulom in their hands to take up arms is because of the government which has been silent and listening to them. demands and the protests they organized.
“This government has made a lot of promises to do and bring development projects now but it has ended only in promises,” said Nehemayah.
Police of Rynjah Police station on the second day, have raided the body of two children under the age of 4 years, from a forest near the village. Noble Bringer.
Tikait said he would not back down from the protest, but it would be better for him to commit suicide than to return home without victory.
JOWAI: The Society of Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) in collaboration with the North East Slow Food and Agrobiodiversity Society (SURE) will once again hold a farmers' market on the 18th of this month at HK Singh School, Pohsawiar. , Jowai.
Mawkyrwat, July 17: The Minister of Water Affairs and Water Resources, Meghalaya, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, who is currently the Chairman of the Regional Committee (RC) West, South West and Eastern Constituency, has been appointed as the Chairman of the Regional Committee (RC). West Khasi Hills District together with Bah Brolding Nongsiej, Minister of Water Resources in a spirit of concern and responsibility today 17th July, 2022 visited and inspected several parts of the affected by the heavy rainfall.
With the initiative of the District authorities and the Election Commission, the counting of votes went smoothly at all 18 polling stations even in those polling stations which were placed on the unsafe list.
Regarding the incident, the SP said that a complaint has been lodged at Lumshnong Police Station under sections 143/144/145/148/152 IPC. roadside in parts of Shillong has allowed people to sit in darker places.
The House approved the reply of the CEM and allowed the construction to proceed as announced by the CEM and after the construction there will be a committee to discuss the construction as well as the estimates. for the cost of demolition and reconstruction.
The bus was heading towards Kyndong Tuber from Nongjngi, West Jaintia Hills District when it collided with a bad truck parked near the road.
Bah Lyngdoh demanded that the policeman should be punished severely for his violation of the law.
Explaining on this, Hek said that the new scheme will be better than the previous one.
What is needed is the Family Relationship between Father, Mother and Children.
When the fathers die, the mothers do not have to raise and care for their children because they are not of their own race.
Later, Jimmy Kyndait was arrested on 28th October.
Forget the joy and happiness and follow the path of helping each other and all this is not just stupid but when you see that the unity of our brothers and sisters has ended only inside the shops and inside the streets every day but to stand protected from There is no longer any need to bring it on the Rynsan u Paidbah.
The total number of cases has now risen to 48,46,427 and the death toll to 79,7
The owners of land inherited from their parents struggle to sell it because they don't live in peace, they don't have any other income except the land, the land and agents sell it to foreigners because They are the members of the District Council.
“Our state is fortunate that the corona virus has not yet reached the state because the government has decided to continue the entry of people into the state as part of the curfew. "It's a pain," he added.
The incident happened at New Keithelmanbi under the jurisdiction of Patsoi Police Station at about 10 pm on Tuesday, they said.
The West Jaintia Hills District team won 17 medals including 8 gold, 4 silver and 5 medals. Ri-Bhoi District came second with 15 medals including 6 gold, 6 silver and 3 bronze medals. East Khasi team came third after winning 10 medals including 5 gold, 3 silver and 2 bronze.
The passengers who use small four wheelers to Motphran and Khyndailad have complained about the lack of these four wheelers.
According to the National Center for Seismology, the earthquake measuring 3.4 on the Richter scale and measuring 16 km was located east of Shillong.
However, in today's digital world, it is impossible to hide the good or the bad.
The two men had gone swimming in Monroe Lake, about 64 miles southwest of Indianapolis, along with other friends of the group on June 15, but It is learned that these two persons did not leave the river after the meeting with these friends at that time.
He said it is expected that the C&RD department will appoint the BDO within this month.
As a brother, he understands that this situation will continue in the future.
According to sources, Rio landed by helicopter at the venue, but after spending about an hour at the venue, he left because there were too few people to listen.
The President of the Voice of the People (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, on June 17, 2013, said that the struggle for the reservation policy is fair and impartial. not against any group or nation but against the government.
He said that on his part, as a leader, he will always be with the party and the people in any situation.
Last month, newspapers reported on the shooting death of Chiang Dhar from Umkiang, Jaintia Hills on his own farm.
In this country, only the corrupt and the thief live in peace.
Regarding the football stadium, he said that as Co Chairman of the State Development Reform Commission, he will talk to the government so that they can complete the stadium as they wish, besides what they have implemented under his scheme.
“Even those in power don't know the decision of the EC. It seems that only a few people take decisions,” said Ronnie.
“The KSU has lodged a complaint against the Mahadev Khola Temple; Aliens from Mars have taken inspiration and attacked temple, shot religious leaders!” the LRO said on Twitter. The LRO said that no matter what happens, its team will continue to provide assistance to the 1,839 students from Meghalaya who are in the country. around India.
“Many political parties in the state have made the allegation that the VPP party is only a party that won elections, but the people have witnessed this and until now the people have given their support because They are looking at the party's foundation,” said Ardent Miller.
All of them have become human beings through their teaching activities. One of them is Bah Rishandro Kharlukhi from Mawlai.
However, there is no such lack of love for the children until the inheritance of the tribes and kingdoms to the women.
Shillong: NPP leader Thombor Shiwat has been appointed as the new Chief Executive Member of the Jaintia Hills District Council.
Sohra received no rainfall, while Umiam received 4.6 mm.
