On the other hand, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, candidate from North Shillong, said that the arrival of the rich to contest from his constituency will not discourage him because the people of North Shillong will not elect leaders by electing leaders. value in money.
“However, we have received a reply from the MHA only in October 2019 and after that we have not received any information, there has been no communication from the Ministry to KAS or even to the State Government.
It is worth mentioning that there was a heavy riot in Shillong from June to mid-July after the residents demanded from the government to evict the kharmetor from Iewmawlong area, where they are currently staying. .
On the other hand, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew and Village Headman, speaking as another chief guest, said that the work done by the Seng Kynthei is great because the work they do is for the sake of the women. good health and society.
The song was composed, sung and composed by Banshait Thawmuit, composer of Mano Kwah Rkhie.
Unlike the callings of Christian churches, this call is different because it invites all religions.
Speaking on the arrest of two youths who are members of the KSU South Khasi Hills, Prestone said he has been informed that two persons have been arrested in connection with the incident in Ichamati and the investigation is ongoing. , and added that at present, he cannot speak too much until the investigation is completed.
He fears that if others win, everything will be free, whether in the land, the rule of law, the language, the marriage and so on.
Those living on the border between China and North Korea are busy these days shooting parrots.
The effort to help the poor is like the heart of parents who want to give something good to their children.
“How can the NH6 not build a toll gate to collect money from every vehicle when the road is bad than when there was no tollgate? “How is it that in all the districts of different states, the money reaches from Delhi to the districts, but in East Jaintia Hills District, it is taken back from us”.
The festival will be held for two days on the 14th and 15th of this month.
Congress leader Priyanka Gandhi Vadra will address a public meeting in Telangana in June to raise issues related to the increase in unemployment in Telangana. the state.
With this victory, Salaroh FC has qualified for the semi final of the tournament.
“Recently in Gujarat, I think there have been more than 1,000 applications that have been rejected because they know that the person has been arrested and some have taken advantage of this Act.
Police have stopped the crowd, which blocked the vehicles from passing on Sunday evening, when the crowd was planning to march to Raj Bhavan.
It can also be said that this is like a semi-final between the BJP and the Opposition ahead of the Lok Sabha MP elections in
BD Sohlang scored the first goal for Mawreng and Nongseibok Rani (70+1) for Umphyrnai.
“We want the government to announce the 1985 Notification so that the MUDA Building Rules will no longer apply in areas outside the Municipal,” said Dr Werlok.
The tournament, which started on 3rd July, will end on 3rd July 2023 (one month) and the matches will be held at three venues, namely Kolkata, Guwahati and Kokrajhar.
He said the government has also decided to strengthen the police force on the border to maintain peace and order.
I don't forbid you to share, but as I have already announced in various WhatsApp groups before I appear I have already said not to share full details especially the pictures taken in front of the police station today 12th today moon.
The Government should ensure that there is equality between children from poor and rich families.
East Khasi Hills has 35 new cases and West Khasi Hills has
Shillong, June 29: The Presbyterian Church of India will hold a service at Mawsynram Church on the 1st of June.
Until the end, Kiang did not back down even though the British government offered him peace and he did not want that peace to become a slave in the country. “If my head turns to the east, the country will be free within a hundred years, and if my head turns to the west, the country will be in slavery forever.” ta" The words of peace, the words of righteousness, the words of holiness as he spoke have come true, within a hundred years the whole country has gained independence and from being enslaved by the foreign rulers who came to invade. this is your country.
We will read later that Israel will accept a false peace.
The reason, he said, is that this work is only in the responsibility of the government and the department intends to soon invite others to operate the helicopters. the former will soon expire in May this year.
The food, meat, kyiad, water, kwai, tympew, khooner khoojem (shira) are paid according to the custom of preparing food of the Khasi during the festivals.
That is why he said – I will show you how to buy from me.
The most important thing is that although the desire to unite the national parties is strong, the word of unity will never happen in Meghalaya because the UDP will never go to work together. and the NPP in the 2023 elections or the NPP will join the UDP even though there are MLAs from these parties who changed uniforms a few months before the elections.
His Manifesto is clear, His goal is clear, His teachings are wonderful but transformative and He has not deceived anyone.
There is also an issue related to the Fire Brigade and the Police Department as a whole, as the fire broke out only half a kilometer from the main police station in Lumdiengjri. in the morning, the smoke or the flame of fire would have surprised the policemen who were in the area; However, it was also seen that there was a heavy fire, as it took more than 10 hours for the fire trucks to reach the scene of the incident.
Those who have received salaries, rooms and rooms in the Secretariat have disappeared from the daily newspapers.
Noting that it is a necessary issue for the government, Conrad Sangma said he is not worried as this is one of the news that the government receives from time to time.
The Cabinet also approved the proposal to amend the Meghalaya Stamps Rules,
Imphal: The Congress party in Manipur on Friday admitted that the BJP has paid money to the opposition parties to support it in the Assembly elections. Manipur.
However, at the same time, the path of tomorrow will depend largely on the ability to reap the fruits of longbha manbha in the daily lives of the people, which will depend largely on how the political parties. different ones will face problems that arise from time to time in a spirit of cooperation.
His mother, Angelina Marweiñ, works at the school and holds the keys to the school.
And his brethren hated him.
Jowai: The President of the Hynniewtrep People's Defense Alliance (HPP) has been arrested by the Jowai Police Station today after he escaped from the Ladrymbai Police Station for several months.
He said that the courage of Assam to build the military base at Mawlan is due to the presence of some beneficiaries with the intention of selling the land to Assam. He also expressed his concern about the invasion of the border areas of Meghalaya.
U Bah Paul, who is also an MLA and former Minister, said that the state now needs change because after 50 years of independence, 35 years of independence has been ruled by political parties. from outside the state which means that the villagers are still giving over the rule to foreign parties.
The RBSU has found that the building has been constructed by a contractor, Bah Starlin Rynjah and the scheduled completion of the building is within 18 days. months, but it is sad that until these days, the building is still empty and has turned into a den of criminals.
These doctors from Assam, visited the village on 11th and 12th July 2018, led by Dr Nitu Deka and during the treatment, they found that many diseases, they are caused by urinary tract infections, poor bowel movements, poor hygiene and diet.
When asked whether the opposition of the people to the NPP in Khasi Hills is stronger, Bah Sniawbha said, “It is difficult to say because we don't know the real reason why we lost many elections. constituency of Khasi Hills.
Shillong, July 08: The Petroleum Dealers Association (PDAM) on Tuesday came forward to clarify the issue of water pollution in petrol.
“The establishment of this coal mining factory will have a serious impact on the health of the people as well as the farmland and drinking water wells of these villages and the school children in the schools near the factory,” he said. S Dkhar, General Secretary, Umsatai Village Council.
According to Bah Adelbert, the State Government has decided not to turn off the electricity from 1:00 pm to 5:00 pm. It also puts at risk the passengers especially when there are emergencies of illness and it also puts the insecurity among the residents in the villages.
However, in Meghalaya, there is only one medical institution, NEIGRIHMS, which can accommodate only 50 students.
“I will do what I have to do, but beyond that, I cannot tell you everything,” said the Governor.
All members of the SMC and teachers are requested to attend the meeting, according to a statement issued by S Lyngdoh, General Secretary, MSSASA, Mylliem & Municipal Area.
Congress leader Milind Deora has strongly criticized Rahul Gandhi's employees for not having ears to hear the voice of the people and for not listening. He said that this is his statement because he is very sorry for the decline of the Congress party in the last elections.
In the past, there was the Medical Council of India (MCI) and in the MMCA, the word MCI continues to exist, but as we know, the MCI has changed and is now known as the National Medical Commission (NMC). “This amendment has been introduced through an ordinance which has been repealed by the government,” said the CM.
East Bengal FC will play their last match against Hyderabad FC on 20th July
Police on receiving a tip conducted a raid at Nongstoiñ Market and arrested Banraplang Sohlang, Hubert Lamphrang Paliar and one anonymous person.
Speaking to media, Bah Sanbor said, “The BJP's support to the NPP in Meghalaya has ensured that 100% of Ampareen and Agatha are the NPP candidates to win the MP elections. It is a story that both these women will win and both of these two women will become Union Ministers.
The cost of food and drink, travel expenses, accommodation and other expenses is not less than Rs 2 lakh per player.
“It is a law passed by Parliament and we are determined to continue,” Nadda said at the meeting.
And one of these ways worst of all, is their ability to spend many times more money than they report to election authorities, and they can easily hide these expenses incurred in parts that are illegal.
He said that besides these 12 issues, another border issue has arisen.
“The CEM's remarks remind us of the call of David Scoot to Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem to protect the lives of the people and the roads of the French government,” said Wanniang. The party does not want to take part in the call of the CEM because it will not lead to anything, while the people are surprised to see the decisions only in the newspapers.
After the expiry of the implementation period and many of the works were found to be incomplete at the same time, the JAC sought information through RTI and found that there was a corruption scandal. In relation to this scheme, the allocation of funds and the various projects implemented do not match.
Please explain so that the readers will not be confused.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Sordar of New Balakhawa Village today lodged a complaint with the Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri to arrest the Rangbah Shnongs who have given permission and permission to hold the elections of the Assam government. .
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Garod LSN Dykes IAS, said that the main purpose of the mock drill is to ensure that in case of any incident, the DDMA will be safe. environment, in which it can provide protection to the residents.
However, sources from the MSOA said that before the tournament, the field officer of the JN Stadium, Polo, and in this inspection, the Organizing Committee of the Meghalaya Games, has decided not to allow or close down these stadiums. They were arrested after the repairs of the JN Stadium Polo.
In order to avoid having to dig twice, that is, to dig and to cover, in military barracks or in prisons where there are many people, they dig, from one side of the field, a hole about three feet wide and as high as the side of the field, and as this trench becomes full, they dig beside it another trench all the way, and with that earth which the woods from the new trench cover dirt in the old well.
Wanpli agreed to this but changed her mind later.
Fourthly, to facilitate the issuance of Birth Certificates, Schedule Tribe Certificates, proof documents as Indigenous Peoples residing in Meghalaya, Special status marked in the Constitution of India This position is still in force in the field of employment, trade and so on and the fourth position is in relation to the registration of names on the electoral roll or EPIC for those who have reached to the card 18 years or older.
and waiting.4 u.
When asked whether he had been told that he had taken the decision to give the Mylliem constituency to the HSPDP, Hamlet said, “The UDP is the Um Dum Party, I am in the dark”.
The main focus of the meeting included briefings by Government agencies on projects and plans for the future.
The reason is that the government does not have enough money to release the baibam.
“It's because you have the last child,” said the father.
Water is what can save your life.
He said that according to the information received in the 2023 election, the NPP will come to power with a single majority and the service to the people will be better than in the past three years.
When this happened, the Son of God was born into this world.
On the other hand, Rocky Hek, Member of the Executive Committee, said, “The Syiem has ordered to invite only the three villages.
Speaking to reporters in Langpih, Pangniang said the Regional Committees of Meghalaya and Assam have not yet started the inspection of the Langpih sector, as the inspection of the sector is in the second phase.
“We have already informed the leaders in Delhi but they have not informed us because they are still busy with Puja.
What is meant here is to seek first the kingdom of God and all the nations will follow us “But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you. (Matthew 6:33) Dear friends, the Lord Jesus! Whom shall we seek first?
The SDO of PHE Mawkyrwat Division, Bah K Nongbsaw, said that this is a special day and it was first celebrated in 1993 with the aim of raising awareness among the people on the importance of water supply and how to maintain and maintain water sources.
This reform of the electoral system is the best and most efficient in the country.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Leaders of the recently formed committee of KHADC CEM FOCUSS have met with the Union Minister of State for Child Development Kiren Rijiju in Guwahati to discuss the issue of setting up a committee. Special Committee to discuss the amendment of the 6th Schedule.
On the other hand, Bah Sawkmie also donated money to these groups so that they can use them for their travel.
Phresmi Suting, General Secretary, Sunni Bareh, President Western Region, Ribok Biam Western Education, and others were present at the distribution.
The Governor also sent a message to the Chief Minister that there is no need to amend some of the provisions in the Bill as there is no delay in the Bill.
However, fortunately, the various religious leaders are strongly opposed to the establishment of this State because everyone knows it as a “Christian State.
“The government has spent crores of rupees to set up investigations into this incident but nothing has happened and many incidents have happened since 1992,” said South Tura MLA John Leslee Sangma. in the meeting of the Budget Session of the House on Tuesday.
On the other hand, the party in this meeting with the CEM of JHADC, said that it is time to take action to discuss in the dorbar and to pass a law to protect the They are the blood relatives, as has been done in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
He said that DSK Shivajan Football Academy has about 3800 students in three groups including Group 1 U-18, Group 2 U-15 and Group 3 U-1
There are many illegal activities to enrich foreigners,” he said.
This action of the state government is surprising and leads to the rejection of this plan.
He added that the VC has promised to take action on the demand for the appointment of Statutory Officers and University Engineers to reduce the burden of teachers and staff from their duties.
Police chiefs including the Dy.SP and IC of Ladrymbai have come to the scene to urge the protesters to allow these trucks to pass as these trucks have already been loaded with us. coal from the 5th.
Three batsmen from Meghalaya were Wallam Lyngdoh Kynshi (17), Wanlambok Nongkhlaw (34) and Mark Ingty (12 not out).
Shillong: U Latiplang Kharkongor, CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday criticized the demand for the resignation of UDP MDC Titosstarwell Chyne. that he shall come according to the rules to show the majority in the House, or that he shall ask for a special session.
“Whether to elect or not to elect is up to the people. Look at yourself, you still have MLAs in the Legislative Assembly. Titus.
The meeting was conducted by FKJGP Vice President Cary Kharmutee and also featured speeches by FKJGP leaders Eldie Lyngdoh, Chandra Nongdkhar, W Lyngdoh and others.
After they have given birth, the females will lay eggs on the branches and after that, the larger ones, which include males and females, will die completely.
Guwahati: A total of 2,484 pigs have died of African Swine Fever in the state, said Atul Bora, Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development in Assam.
Up to 173 pigs have died of African swine fever (ASF) in Lamin village, Amlarem sub-division, West Jaintia Hills district.
The Convention will feature various programmes, such as cultural programmes, musical nights, carol singing and others as well as public services.
Nagaland has the fastest decadal population growth in India from 56.08% in 1981-1991 to 64.41% in 1991-2
Shillong: Phlabia Sun, 56, was admitted to the Civil Hospital on Tuesday.
We don't know whether it is true or not, whether it will suit this man, who has been involved in the politics of the state, to go to Delhi or to the country. politics, which is more about religion and ethnic differences.
The council has allocated T. 148, 67, 41,200 crore and the expenditure has reached T. 168, 67, 37,500 crore.
Speaking to media, Sangma said, “After this issue came up for discussion, we have held a meeting in the past few months.
On this occasion, the HYC on Tuesday met with the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of West Khasi Hills and submitted a petition. The police raided the Nongstoin market and found about 20 drug users.
I call upon the people of the country that change is necessary and I speak to the people of the country that they should be surprised.
He said the State Government through the Education Department has issued an order on 26/3/2021 that schools should reopen from 1st June 2021 but according to the JSM, there are up to 10 government schools which have not opened. there is not one teacher.
He said that although many people criticize the working methods of the party these days, the party and the CEC are united under the leadership of the top office bearers of the CEC. Even if the MDC of this constituency is suspended, he should not lose hope or sadness because he hopes that the party will soon elect a person whom the party has hope of reaching its goal. 2018.
The fish in this river are local fish which do not need to be imported from other places and what is needed now is to preserve them.
“Yes, we have enough majority to form the government," he said.
This was through a public explanation by the residents against the Rangbah Shnong of the village, Master Nongrum, alleging that he has embezzled all the money from the Integrated Watershed Management Program (IWMP), agriculture scheme and others. de assistance allocated for implementation from 2011 to
Not only that, but it was reported that there were also dozens of elders, including women, who came out of their homes, when they heard this strange voice from heaven.
India, who had squeezed into the Chilean goal, had several chances, in the 15th minute when Shubhangi put it well on the feet of Lynda who struck hard but the Chilean goalkeeper managed to score. happy camp.
He said that these 42,000 injections will be distributed first to the districts which have been severely affected by the disease and this has been handed over to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to look into this matter.
Bah Hamletson could not fail to congratulate the members of the Dorbar Shnong and the Sport Club of Lawsohtun, who have been farsighted and have taken the initiative to accept the proposal. The SCA has decided to allow them to set up this training center at this place, which has turned into a clear statement that the Dorbar Shnong and the Sports Club of Lawsohtun are keen to improve the quality of education. I don't play cricket here in Meghalaya.
He said it is necessary to cooperate with the village authorities to make the project a success.
Youths living in West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills should report to the District Training Centre, Nongstoin.
In fact, God is all things but the world does not recognize Him.
Jowai: After 15 days, the opposition MLAs from the Congress party have inspected the coal mine where 15 contractors, 7 from West Garo Hills, 3 from One person from Lumthari and five from Panbari, Chirang District, Assam.
Registration fee for players is Rs.50 per player and teams should not register more than 25 players and those who register later than the stipulated date will not be allowed.
Leningrad said that after announcing the resolution of the HSSLC Arts Stream, the party is delighted because for many years this rank has been held by other non-Khasi ethnic groups.
Shillong: The KSU Balat Border Area Circle (KSU) has met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong Matsiewdor War regarding the delay in the release of the names and the issue of the inability to produce or renew vendors and vendees at Balat Border Haat.
He also expressed his confidence in the readiness to invite various sports events in the state.
Meghalaya has won three times and lost twice.
On that day, after receiving the news, Niakha, Rida, decided to go and look for her son on Saturday.
Shillong: U Ferdinand K Kharkamni, President of the KSU North Khasi Hills District, has been arrested by the police from Nongpoh area this afternoon.
The final match was played between Sunset Valley from Kongthong against Umjerksiar from Mawmang and the match was very interesting as from the start both the teams could not score until the goal. Sunset Valley Kongthong scored all 5 goals while Umjerksiar Mawmang scored only 4 goals after the referee gave the tiebreaker to the first half. The winner of the tournament.
FKJGP President Joe Marwein said he has received about 15 letters from the government and has been ordered to appear.
These are the people who can play a major role in the development of the country through innovation and innovation in science along with the development of education and income generation.
During the meeting, the journalist also spoke on the purpose of his visit to the state, which is to explain to the public the RKVY which sells the scheme which has been allocated to the farmers to strengthen them. agricultural production for which they will also receive financial assistance.
When asked whether the government will be able to meet the demands of the HNLC; On the other hand, Bah AL Hek said that according to a statement from the HNLC, the statement shows that the HNLC wants to reach a peace talks and has not expressed any demands.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday evening under the leadership of Sports Secretary Bah Franky Kharumnuid launched the football jersey of the PFR Football Academy Women's Team. The tournament will start on the 19th of this month and will be organized by the Shillong Sports Association.
This is when Riniki asks Himanta what her purpose is when they arrive.
The temperature in the Earth's atmosphere is increasing these days and this is worrying scientists.
“Use your talents properly, because through your talents they will open up opportunities for employment,” urged the MLA to the students. .20 thousand to the school.
Jowai, March 14: U Shemhok Garod, former MDC of Nangbah Constituency, today confirmed his candidacy for the 2023 MLA election from the 3-Raliang Constituency.
La's next match will be away from home against Real Kashmir FC on November 16 at the TRC Turf Ground, Srinagar from 2 pm.
Hundreds of members of the party are preparing to fly to Delhi to take part in the protest and besides, there will also be Khasi residents in Delhi who will come to join.
By October 2023, 76.5 million bottles (equivalent to 33.6 LMT of urea) were produced and 54.2 million bottles were sold.
On the other hand, he urged the bank authorities to cooperate with the government to take advantage of the schemes that the government has implemented for the people in the rural areas especially the Integrated Scheme. Basin Development and Livelihood Program (IBDLP).
The Seng also expressed its surprise that the owners of these factories are willing to set up these factories without permits and in this meeting the Nongbri promised to take action. She said that once they have received a complaint from them they will do whatever is necessary to find out the truth.
They also alleged that after the Lama Iong installation on the autos, Bah Marcus Matren, ordered to forcibly remove the Lama Iong and sent the autos to follow him to the police station for lodging a complaint. Ejahar against the HYC leaders and which has caused disruption in the traffic of auto passengers, especially on market days.
I urge the Ministers, Priests and Syiems that if you are so greedy that you have lowered the price of Lum Kyntang, it would be better for you to build a monument to yourself or your wife or your children. so that your name and glory will last forever like that of King Shah Jehan in ancient times.
Mohrmen is also a columnist, volunteer, environmentalist and public speaker who has written for many newspapers and has published many books. his.
The office bearers of HANM Shangpung Circle are President Chiborlang Suchiang, Vice President Niham Sungoh, General Secretary Teidaroiki Chen, Assistant Secretary Lakhon Ïakai, Publicity Secretary Damechwa Langwar, Sports Secretary Phrangbait Dhar and others.
About 6,300 cows have died in Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar, eight piglets, seven pigs and a goat have died in Sirhind City. doesn't.
“What we demanded earlier and the five issues we have already expressed are still standing, and we will not succumb to political pressure because it is easy for the government to do so and because this place in Them Mawlong Market has become a big market,” said Gurjit.
“This shows clearly that our people do not accept this soskular signed by the two Chief Ministers – Meghalaya and Assam in the presence of the Union Home Minister, Amit Shah,” he said. .
Of course we need to watch and fight, but the most important thing is that we the citizens of the country must be clear to ourselves what we want and what we want our country to be in the future? What do you want and think about the country? Firstly, we must not disappear from the face of the earth, secondly, we must not sell and auction land in the name of “growth”, thirdly, we must not allow the owner of the land to to do whatever they want in their own country, to exploit the land resources, to auction and sell the land, forests, fields and fields.
“The FOCUS scheme has been implemented even in 18-West Shillong, where some NPP office bearers go to the villages and ask for accounts to provide the FOCUS scheme. In fact, the Minister of Agriculture has explained that this will be a scheme for the farmers through the production groups but how in Shillong they distribute this money, this shows that the NPP has They have made the government scheme their own scheme and they have come to mislead the people”.
The relationship continued and he said that they used to meet occasionally, because he himself was busy traveling around.
French troops had to rescue and assist those who were stranded in some parts of Sudan after they could no longer reach the airport. where many people gathered together and asked for help.
She said that there has been an increase in the number of cases in East Khasi Hills, Ri-Bhoi and West Khasi Hills as well.
They also said that the introduction of these funds by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, will completely curb the money laundering which destroys the country's income and the money laundering by corrupt people. jockey earnings.
The following lines show that Master KG and Nomkebo Zekode are talking to someone who can take care of and protect their lives now.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The farmers of War Jaintia Hills, Amlarem, West Jaintia Hills District have recently informed the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma to find ways and means to The government has decided to increase the price of agricultural products which has caused a lot of trouble to the farmers living in the Amlarem area which borders with Bangladesh.
The meeting was attended by all the Sordars, Matabors, Rangbah Shnongs and leaders of the 7 villages including the Chairman of the Union of Chiefs.
The 2nd Sohra International Half Marathon has been successful with 3975 participants registering online and offline. depth.
Shillong: The Regional Committees of Jaintia Hills and Karbi Anglong have announced that they will submit their report on the Psiar-Khanduli and Block-I demarcation talks by April. The first meeting of the Regional Committees of Jaintia Hills and Karbi Anglong was held today at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
The college has also changed the enrollment ratio from 80:20 to 95:5
In the meeting with the Pro VC, he informed the Seng leaders that the management of the university is also concerned about these issues and will fight as much as possible to help the candidates who are Trai Ri Trai Muluk. “They have been invited to the university according to their qualifications and ability to meet the requirements to be selected for these positions,” said a statement from Bah Marcos Myrthong. The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBSE) has released the results of the SSLC and HSSLC examinations.
Flipkart Grocery currently serves more than 1,800 cities and more than 10,000 PIN codes in about 28 states in India.
But because they rejected the law of God, and did not recognize the Son of God, they lost their ability to be kings and priests until now.
Lambor said he would write to the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma to demand the convening of a special session to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill passed by the Lok Sabha.
Regarding the petition submitted by the President of Seinraij Tuber, Bah Harwis Phawa to the Symbud Myntri regarding the need to improve the surroundings of Aitnar, to provide road to Khlooblai and to allocate annual assistance to the Aitnar. Seinraij Tuber, on the part of the Symbud Myntri, said that the government will try its best to provide assistance.
The HSPDP leader alleged that the allocation of ticket to Bah Renik was an act of violence by the President of the HSPDP, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit. The candidate was sent to the Primary Unit, then to the Area Unit, then to the CEC and the CEC to the Election Committee. “It's not just about me alone, it's about me alone,” he said.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Confederation for Academic Welfare (MeCAW) on Friday staged a protest demanding the immediate removal of the Vice Chancellor of the North Eastern Hill University, Prof SK Srivastava and the appointment of a committee of inquiry. the allegation of misuse of funds under his leadership.
However, while the driver was getting out of the vehicle and standing with other drivers, the foreign thief took advantage by entering the vehicle and attempting to rob it.
This decision was taken at a meeting held by the Chief Minister in the presence of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh and officials of the department on Tuesday.
Shillong, March 24 : The SSMP today honored two youths from the village, Elsarica Umdor, badminton player and Bah Jeffrey Warlarpih, coach. of the football game.
“We have a struggle ahead of us and the officers have worked tirelessly to achieve the goal of ensuring that all households in the State have access to water,” he said.
In the ball category, Kambesa A Sangma scored (1/3), Senggamchi N Sangma (1/21) and Tangsilchi G Momin (1/22).
The important thing is that education and training in various fields of work whether vocational or intellectual will help the youth to stand on their own feet and start their own businesses without waiting. only government jobs.
We must not forget such incidents and we must not allow them to happen again because they only bring trouble.
Members of the party from East Jaintia Hills District including the President, Streamly Suchen, Assistant General Secretary, Pynshaikupar Dkhar, Finance Secretary, Shaniahskem Dkhar, Asstt Finance, U.S. Cherity Suja, Education Secretary, Emmon Chyrmang and Deputy Commissioner, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS on many issues related to the development of the youth of the district and also for the betterment of the district. within the district.
He said that on his way from Shillong to Guwahati he saw a poster that the BJP needs to free Meghalaya from corruption.
He said that during the elections, the Congress had alleged that if Bah Hamlet was elected again, the NPP would close down all the churches.
Shillong: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla, on Tuesday said that those who oppose the bill passed by the District Council not to recognize Khasi husbands and children of those who marry foreigners are Khasi. only those people who have married Dkhars or non-Khasis.
Friends, don't worry about not being able to hold church services anymore.
The meeting was held to demand that the government should recognize this road as a National Highway from Lad Mawreng to Ranikor which passes through Mawkyrwat. Mawsynram MLA H.Shangpliang has proposed the scheme to the Central Government.
Later, a search operation was conducted on the persons and the vehicle under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
It is learned that the child struggled and managed to escape to another room and locked herself there.
Later, when the disease subsided, the markets and foreign traders started to open again and the search for land started again as agreed, to provide all the necessities for foreign travel. food shops and others and to cover the cost of living, their daily maintenance and the rent of those who build parking lots, it has been agreed to collect parking fees from the trucks.
The Act has increased the imprisonment term for those who rape women from 7 years to 10 years, for those who rape children under 16 years from 10 years to 20 years. you are in prison for life.
The chairman of the meeting, Bah Reebith Riahtam, Vice President KSWO, allowed all the Sorar, Matabor, Rangbah Shnong to speak and express their views on whether they want to go to Sohra or Pynursla Civil Sub. -Division.
According to sources, out of the eight MLAs of the party, four are on one side and four on the other.
Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills District, M Kharkrang, said that the police department has stepped up its patrolling in the city by deploying motorcycles.
Many world rulers came to Jerusalem from America, Rome and elsewhere but they could not order the Israelites to build the Temple.
Speaking to media, he said that there are 33 people who have been in close contact with the person who has Covid-19 in the state out of which 14 people have been in close contact (high). risk) and 19 were lowrisk.
Nongpoh: The lack of attention by the Electricity Department to repair the damaged electricity posts in Umlakro, Umsohpanan, Wahsynon and other villages in Jirang area has caused a lot of concern among the residents. They also said that the electricity department is only responsible for collecting money, but not for the provision of electricity.
Although she returned home, she got another job in Goa for the second division of the Indian Women's League (IWL
Suddenly, it was seen that some of them wanted to leave the venue and they said that they didn't like to sit in the meeting without hearing anything and they said that it was like they were just wasting their time. with kale.
The 2nd Window Inter Club Transfer for the 1st Division will be open from 12th to 18th September, 2023 only for fresh players. The 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy of the 2nd Division Football Tournament 2023 was held today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Speeches were also delivered by the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, the Minister of Health and Chief Adviser, Bah Hamlet Dohling.
Everyone has complained about the increase in the price of electricity these days, but the State Government, until now, has remained silent and has been stealing, by stealing in this way and that way, for the sake of to force the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia, to pay the price set by the employees of the electricity department.
He said that when I brought these five issues in the House, they showed that I was alone but they didn't know that I was with the people who gave their seal at the time. There is no election, even if I am alone, I will bring forward issues that can affect the present and the future.
When inquired, police said that the collision may have been caused by excessive speeding on both sides but they said it was too soon as the investigation is ongoing.
However, he admitted that in terms of sending letters, it has decreased due to the availability of email, social media such as Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram, Twitter and others. send more steady information.
Argentina apparently did not want to play against the United States in this friendly.
In this regard, the HYC leaders have demanded that the KHADC should immediately stop the illegal land acquisition in the area within 10 days. They demanded that the company should order the company to fill all the land with dewbilat, and that the KHADC should also summon the Kur Nongbri, the Rangbah Shnong or Sordar Shnong in charge of the land. and also to the Syiem of Nongstoin Hima, who asked for clarification as to who authorized the company and demanded that they should be punished according to the law.
The government's laws have been passed by Kohngooh, Han ladymioh has been passed by the Chad.
“This case is from 2017, where it was alleged that there was an error in the payment of EPF of the employees, it is an arrangement with the EPF office and we have already “It's been a long time since 2018,” said Bah Teibor and added that the delay in hearing the case is due to the outbreak of COVID-1 The decision will be taken on the 10th of this month.
As political parties and leaders, they have only one agenda and that is the love of the country and the nation. One example is that in 1964 the leaders in the North East protested and shouted “No Hills State No Rest”, in which in 1972 we got our own state.
As humans, we cannot always predict happiness or sadness.
He said the BJYM has supported the Prime Minister's move to curb theft, counterfeiting and illegal activities in the country, which is the goal of the BJP when it asked for power from him. public country.
The Yaongyimchen Reserve Forest in Longleng covers an area of ​​about 1000 hectares and has been untouched by humans for about 30 years.
“I, Bah Wansted Syiemlieh, who works for MUDA in charge of Mawiong, have received the drawing fee from Kong L Shabong Rs. 2000/- tyngka, and this drawing does not need to be drawn anymore because it is a small house.
Indore: Two husband and wife, who were just married, have attempted to commit suicide, just because of a fight.
In another incident, a house in Mawlai Umthlong, Lummawnei has collapsed due to the heavy rainfall in the past few days. Myllieumlong.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills through the Joint Registrar, has warned the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram against the decision of the Seng Kmie to cancel the registration of the Seng Kmie.
Mawpar has 1000 trailers and Mawlen has 1200 trailers.
“Papa, I'm saved...” said the Son.
For 129 years we have been reading the Bible in Khasi Sohra and recently the Bible Society of India has published a new Khasi Bible known as the CL-Version. Common Language" in
Donbok Kharlyngdoh, leader of the HYC, who used to take care of the hospital garbage in Marten, said that after the protest of the HYC, the hospital garbage collection machines were implemented but only after three months they were lost again. This has happened two or three times and what he has learned now is that the machines are no longer working.
The program was enriched by a song by the students of Wahnongkseh Upper Primary School and a Zumba dance by Ms. L.Majaw (MLHP) and her friends.
According to sources, on the 15th of this month, six friends of the deceased went to eat khana near Wah Umngi.
(NTPC) on certain matters relating to Power Plants in the State.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 31: The fire that broke out in three houses in Langpih area in the past few days has caused the residents of Nongstoin area to be shocked and shocked. The incident was not a coincidence but it is suspected that the fire was caused by the robbers.
Look at me on the road to the house of the dead.
PT Sawkmie together with EE PWD C.Kharmudai, Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Mawroh Peter Lamare and village officials on Friday inspected the road. on the 08th of November for the construction of the road in Mawlai Mawroh.
Those who come from the NH Nongstoin will enter Mawlum Square, Tiehpdang and Stand Bynther.
I work for Kisan Network Private Ltd.
Are you quick or not? “To send an urgent estimate of how much public money has been wasted by politicians and government officials,” said Bah Adilbert on the government's estimates of the losses caused by the ILP. will continue to demand its rights.
Today, a young woman was raped by a group of men at Hauz Khas in Delhi.
“If the dorbar is set up for the welfare of the people, therefore, it is the duty of the dorbar to look after the welfare of the people and to correct those who have done wrong,” he said. Justice Sen.
He also translated into Khasi Charles Dickens's The Life of Our Lord and Shakespeare's The Tempest. "But unfortunately this writing which he translated into Khasi has disappeared.
The Syiem of Sohra has handed over the land of Dashailin K.Ryjja to Dkhar Dilip Biswas of Panora K.Ryjja, the mother of Bashailin K.Ryjja. /1/2016 and 20/1/2016.
A group of residents have become angry after a fish seller, Safiqul Islam, died at the police station for refusing to pay money to the police.
The EM said that the KHADC has already called a tender and allocated up to 51 lakh tyngka for the construction of three roads to enter Iewduh. Head.
At the same time, the KSU East Jaintia Hills District, urges the people to be wise and vigilant if any kind of companies or people come to exploit them to earn easily.
In Mawkyrwat, Pyndengrei SCSC will face Mawten SC. At Chandmari Ground, Chipakkore FC will face Warima YC. In Jowai, Ladthadlaboh SC will face Sein Pynbhalang SC. Assam and Meghalaya have not yet come forward to fight against the Karbi and Khasi residents of Khanduli, West Jaintia Hills.
However, you don't have to wear a mask.
“You have to look up all the time.
At that time, my mother came.
The DoNER Minister said that the states in the region should implement the fund.
The Criminal Justice System has been developed to provide punishment.
There will always be people who are unhappy but what is important is that the country should be happy with this and this is our motto”.
Explaining on this occasion, Prestone said that the government has not banned the operation of these two hospitals because all the hospitals in the state are ready to operate. treatment of people infected with Covid-1
On this occasion, the athletes who represented the state at the National Kickboxing Tournament organized by the Uttarakhand Kickboxing Association under the banner of the National Kickboxing Federation (NKF-NG) They won 29 medals which was a pride for the country and the people of Meghalaya as a whole.
Prigozhin's name is said to be on the list of passengers on board the plane that crashed in the northwest of Russia in recent days.
Meanwhile, the National Vice President of the NPP, Bah Prestone, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that the people of Sohiong would be foolish if they defeated Bah Samlin in the upcoming elections.
Shillong: Seven new cases of omicron have been reported in Maharashtra today, bringing the total number of cases in India to The total number of cases in India has risen to
From the earliest days, the Syiem of the Sohra Hima, and especially the ministers in charge of the Majai, have been preaching at night in collecting money and giving land to the Khar Poei without knowing or understanding until now. They have established the name of the village by the name of Dkhar, now they have established their foundation and have been summoned to appear but they have not agreed. but I will not do anything else, Namar, Rupa.
The meeting also discussed the construction and improvement of roads to Shillong Thymmai.
The state president of the NPP said that his party also supports other political parties in the North East who are also allies of the NDA. four parties in Manipur and Nagaland.
The new Assembly has an area of ​​64,500 square meters and has three gates named Gyan Dwar, Shakti Dwar and Karma Dwar. The Voice of the People's Party (VPP) Khliehriat Circle on 18th November 2013 has decided to join hands and give its full support to the protest of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) to demand the repair of the National Assembly. Highway 6.
Khimusniang tried to score two goals but couldn't until the end of the first half.
Conrad Sangma accepted and decided to enroll in MBOSE up to class
In the past years, about 5000 children from across the state have been screened compared to other countries of the world.
In North Garo Hills, there are six cases.
In another development, the meeting of the three Dorbar Shnongs, Ladthadlaboh, Newhill (Loom-Soo-Iung) and Tympang Club has taken a decision to ban all those who sell and buy land within the the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong without the knowledge of the Rangbah Shnong.
Prestone said this on Tuesday to a group of Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) leaders who met him and sought clarification from him on the passage of the 2020 bill.
They maintain this forest which is needed by the village in many ways.
Therefore, I would like to vote for you, but it is like voting for someone.
Immediately after the opening of the road, Rajnath Singh wrote on his Twitter account that it was the land of Lakhimpur district of Assam.
The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) has urged the Meghalaya government to accept the HNLC's proposal. Bines Kharshandi (60) of Lumumpih, Umsning, died shortly after being hit by a vehicle on the Umsning By-pass, Lumumpih. .
These foreigners restrict the movement of local or private vehicles in the area and charge fines at will.
If we turn to agriculture and income generation, we see that many farmers have to sell their produce at high prices even to the point of staying overnight in Anjalee or Motphran as we witness in the news.
the authorities of the village.
The quarter, semi and final matches were played on the day, and among the women who qualified for the final were Shillong Labet vs Bengal Tigresses, Kolkata (Women) , and Diphu Mavericks vs. Mount Carmel, Aizawl (Men).
Regarding the presence of this type of stone in the state, it cannot be said that it can be found only in a few villages in West Khasi Hills such as Riangdo, Mawthengkut, Nongkyna, Janepieh, Thaïem Tynhiang and some other villages. bags that are in the area.
The Dorbar Shnong Panaliar has launched a Yearlong Cleaning Drive on the theme “To fight against COVID-1
“Articles 2 (b), (k) and Article 3 will affect the community,” she said.
In the past three months, states have added more than 12 lakh new people, a record number, and a growing number in the registry.
The road under the DMF scheme which was allocated in 2020 at a cost of 96,57,500 tyngka has been completed in 2022 by Bah Samlin Malngiang on Monday. In the presence of MDC Sherbor Mawlong, BDO of Sohiong C&RD Block Bah B. Sungoh, Lyngdoh of Sohiong Bah BL Thabah, Village Officers of these two villages, parents and youth.
On the visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Madhav said the party's goal is that Meghalaya deserves a corruption-free transformation.
“Nababrata Bhattacharjee, Member of the Exert Committee, said that there are more than 10,000 water bodies and rivers that have been collected in the previous report submitted by the Districts before the establishment of the Exert Committee. Committee.
The mother of Jihadi John said she was sure that he was her son because she recognized his face and understood the voice he spoke in the video. .
He said that one of the complainants, Bah Damonlang Pakyntein, had promised to head the Dorbar Shnong which had to hold an emergency meeting due to the withdrawal of T.6 lakh by him from the SMB to run the The SMB has ordered the Dorbar Shnong to return the money.
The words in clause B(6) and clause D(2) which allow this refer to the backlog of reserved vacancies and the recruitment cycle of the 100 point roster, which means the cycle lane. the total of 100 points.
Now they say (take decision) it has been published for six years.
Shillong: The BSF on Tuesday seized 18,000 kilograms of sugar and 190 bottles of Phensedyl, which was intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
Cricket Smit won by five runs against Lumpaia and Elbrenroy Mawthoh was named Player of the Match.
Those who work for themselves, these days, shri iam and perhaps their sleep at night, is very bad and this is the truth, because if the shops are closed, hotels are closed, cars are not earn income and taxes that continue to increase from time to time; So what can we expect to play from now on and this remains only a question mark?.
Peter concludes by saying that while the coming of the Lord is not yet – grow in the grace and knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84643 out of which 82949 have recovered and 1476 have died.
I would like to ask you to help us for our household which has been hit by the cold.
Immediately after the shooting and robbery, the robbers fled the scene, while the driver immediately went to the Nongpoh Police Station to inform the police and lodge an Ejahar against them. he is a thief.
Shillong, Lber 9: U JK Sinha, Member of the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), New Delhi, while talking to reporters at a conference room at the Deputy Commissioner's Office, Shillong, said that on the 10th of this month, The Mega Mock Exercise will be held tomorrow morning as part of the Mega Mock Exercise to inform the public on the safety measures to be taken in case of another earthquake in Shillong. .
Rakesh Sangma, MDC from Babelapara, has resigned as Speaker of the GHADC after deciding to contest as CEM of the Council.
For the year 2020-21, it is T.2,50,000,000 and the expenditure is T.
On receiving a tip, the Ri Bhoi Police on receiving a tip rushed to the scene to conduct an investigation and found that there was no casualty except for minor damage. you're an Auto Truck.
Then from above they cover it again with niut u nier so that the scales do not spread and grow in the cow's milk.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 06: Jhanika Siangshai, resident of Wapungskur, today registered her nomination papers for the Returning Officer at the Deputy Commissioner's Office. to contest the MLA election from the 6th Khliehriat Constituency.
On the congestion of Khyndai Lad and Iewduh, due to the lack of traffic control, the Minister said, “The Government has thoroughly examined the congested areas and has sought ways and means to Remove the traffic jam in these two main markets by setting up parking spaces for buses and taxis.
However, this order will not affect those party office bearers in charge of the state, but they will have to inform their place of residence within the State Headquarters and their movements.
The days and months are passing by and soon even this month will end.
There were 4,12,468 voters, of whom 1,93,293 were males and 2,19,175 were females.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 12: Thousands of foreign workers today protested against the allegation that they were attacked by groups who came to inspect the factory in Umïam and Although they did not reveal that they are members of the KSU, it has become clear that they are members of the KSU who went to inspect the area. These foreign workers have been blocked by the Magistrates and Police of Ri Bhoi District.
Badonbok Mawtho (34min), Banskhembok Wanshong and Freddy Khriemmujat scored the goals for Mawlyngngad SC 3-2
Peter didn't listen to any of the talk of his fellow workers and accepted that sometimes it was necessary to talk just to laugh or smile.
The procession was remembered as an environment of cleanliness, which showed a sign of cleanliness and purity in the society.
On the other hand, the Chief Engineer said that the National Tender has actually ended, but they have postponed it until 26th March 2020 and after that they will be able to hold an open tender.
Earlier, Bah Adilbert told reporters that what he said was not a mistake but the truth.
“I believe in your DMs @ECISVEEP, or do you have a bad intention?” Akhilesh tweeted.
Shillong, Nailur 21 : The 37th Meghalaya State Badminton Championship has been inaugurated by the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Swapnil Tembe at Indoor. Sports Hall, Airport, Tura.
This is the first time that CR Projects has organized this event in Shillong.
However, we cannot do anything about what God purposes and therefore we have to accept it and we are confident that peace will come,” said the teachers.
He admitted that the central government intends to deceive the village authorities by cheating them with money to deliver directly to them without going through the state government.
“I accept the decision of the people,” said Dr Jemino.
The Israeli military said Hamas fired more than 3,000 rockets.
According to Bah Nongsiang, the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, had promised to complete the work within 45 days in a meeting with them last month, but as of today, it has not done so. something.
Shillong, Iaiong 6: It is not the first time that a mother has been cheated through mobile phones, this time another mother has been cheated through mobile phones. Renu Deb of Keating Road, Shillong has lodged a complaint with the Sadar PS Police Station. Rajiv Mishra, Rahul Ranjan Singh and Shiv Shankar Singh called her number from two mobile phones and informed her that she had won a prize and would receive up to T.6,50,000 together. and one Tata Indica.
Shillong: The Border Security Force (BSF) on Tuesday seized 74 smuggled Masi to Bangladesh.
The RiewIeid listened carefully.
On the allegation that NEIGHRIMS is not working properly as before, the Director invited the Minister of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government to come and see for himself and he is ready to lead him. Union Minister to inaugurate the hospital.
Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Sports & Youth Affairs, said that the department has already handed over the work order to the contractor. To start the implementation of the artificial turf cleaning work on the First Ground of the Shillong Sports Association.
The Forest Department has not done anything when it saw this illegal smuggling which has destroyed the river and the environment from the mining and quarrying.
He became the Prime Minister in 2008-09 and has led the UDP as president until now.
The election also witnessed a handshake between the NPP and the UDP, the four parties in the MDA-2 government.
We would like the Government of India and our State Government to immediately fix the ways to give the Garo their own state.
If you are not afraid, they say you are stupid, but when you are too clever, many are afraid and believe foolishly.
Leaders including the Secretary of EJHDTTA, Bah Emi Ksoo, and members of the Association have taken the initiative to ensure the smooth running of vehicles on the roads in Ladrymbai. This has helped the traffic police, because now the vehicles that should have gone to Shillong, Jowai and other villages have lined up at their places. Ladrymbai has beautified the area and this has also made it easier for the passengers who need to take a car if they need to go to any place.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, on Tuesday invited all the people of Nongtluh area to come and witness the announcement of the The Nongtluh area shall be known as the Eri Silk Village or the place where Niangryndia and Ryndia Jain are produced.
"The word Vanua means earth, but it also includes flowers, rivers and mountains, the sea and its wetlands, water plants, plants, fruits and vegetables and others.
He said that the trade has been severely affected and it is no longer possible to market coal, coal and agricultural products.
He graduated from Gauhati University in 1966 with a B.A. He received his B.D. from Serampore College in 1972 and his D.D. (Honoris Causa) from Serampore College in
When asked who he intends to meet with in the state, he said, “We will meet with all the government officials including the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya to discuss the issue and to create the necessary solutions. “It has been severely affected by the coal blockade,” he said.
“However, now we are fortunate that during the election campaign, our MDC has promised that within six months he will take over this area from MUDA. “It's a month to solve this problem,” said Ardent.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, will soon take a decision on the insult of BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai against the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Metbah Lyngdoh. , on May 6, 2023.
He also spoke on the ILP by saying that it is necessary to protect the country and the nation from the infiltration of foreigners.
At present, there is no party discussion, but the participation of these two especially Bah Bindo who took part in the formation of the UDP in 1997 but now has supported the EC and Bah Lambor has also come to support. When asked what kind of jobs these MDCs will get after supporting the EC, the CEM said. “We will look into what we will do because we still need them as advisory committees to advise on official bills and other issues and we have not yet discussed with the UDP or other parties because they have come to support us. hi personally.
Similarly, 52 others have been evacuated to safer places.
There will also be an opportunity to read other indigenous languages ​​and scripts of India.
Initially, only Class V was established with 6 students and the number of classes was increased every year to Class VII in
Erwin K Sutnga has strongly criticized the MDA Government for being a copy paste government which has followed the work done by the MUA Government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma in and the demarcation of the border of Meghalaya.
However, it was simply pointed out that there was no restriction on intermarriage with any castes or religions.
Furthermore, from 7th June, 2020, the Government of Meghalaya has allowed oil marketing companies to resume increasing the price of petrol and diesel.
The Seng has urged the party leaders to fight hard to achieve this goal until it comes true.
in for more information.
In the 51st minute of the second half, Khliehmuchut Shangpung's Arwan Phadong scored the first goal of the match. Khliehmuchut Shangpung to qualify for the final of this year's tournament.
Modi and other BJP leaders came to criticize the government led by Conrad K Sangma despite the National People's Party (NPP) led by Conrad K Sangma. However, now that the elections are approaching and especially as the opposition parties have united, the BJP doesn't want anything else but to unite the parties that used to be with it. big.
On the issue of allocation of ticket to Bah Rocky, Bah Lapang said that Bah Rocky is better able to get closer to the people, and the allocation of ticket to him is based on the approval of the party members at the block level.
Donbok Khymdeit captain MLFT, expressed his regret that the team has lost but we can't do anything because it is an order from above, it has been very difficult for us since the beginning of COVID-1 -19, we don't have practice anymore because we have to go on duty and we have expectations after the government has tightened the rules but it has been immediately disbanded.
Besides, the Prime Minister together with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek held a meeting at Golf Link to discuss the ways and means to curb the spread of the corona virus in the country. state.
It is also the first time that Bengaluru FC have won the Durand Cup.
Shillong, Lber 06 : The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma on Monday said that in the five years they have been in government, they have worked as a team together with the UDP and the PDF. to remove or pass them in this new government.
Sinha, 85, is from Bihar, where he holds a Master's Degree in Political Science from Patna University and has taught at the university.
The police should also ensure that such people should not be in such places.
The SSSS has alleged that the posts in the district council have been appointed slowly to impress the MDCs, in which many MDCs have appointed their relatives and loved ones.
Limestone exported to Bangladesh from Ishamati, Nongtrai and War Jaintia, and exported by many private exporters, as well as lime from Jaintia and Garo, has enriched Bangladesh greatly. The MCCL factory of the Government at Mawmluh Sohra was closed down recently this year.
He said he will personally come to Shillong to discuss the issue and will stay for about two days in October.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 27: An employee of the Byrnihat Oxygen Plant has lost his life after being killed at his workplace in the morning.
At the same time, Bah Renikton also praised Dr. Sutnga for coming here with great intentions to bring about many development projects and aspirations in this hospital. 100 beds.
SPARK places education as a tool at the forefront to eradicate child abuse.
The team was led by Pynshai Mawrie as coach and Baremdor Kharmuti as technical officer in the presence of Dony R Ranee, National President.
The Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12 hopes that this Shad Suk Mynsiem will be a success and will keep away the diseases and evils in the society of Bri u Hynniew Trep Hynniew Skum and to live in peace and prosperity. .
The Dorbar ki Khlieh Nongsynshar said that the passing away of Rymbai is a great loss to the children of thousands, grandchildren, grandchildren, not only as a father but as a leader of the entire community.
Shillong: The traffic jam in Shillong in these days has been one of the issues that has affected all the passengers, as part of the efforts to address this problem in Shillong. Transport, will inform the Chief Minister of the State to introduce the Odd-Even Rule.
Commenting on the public meeting to be held tomorrow, Sanjay Goyal said he expects the meeting to go smoothly without any incident. Goyal said that as they preach democracy , they should not violate the rules of the democracy.
When she arrived at the college she had to stand in line because there were many others from the villages and cities who had arrived before her.
The children were sent to the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) where they were sent to special accommodation.
Public Secretary – Male Thinker.7.
All the speakers congratulated him for his hard work since he was a student at this school and urged the teachers and students of this school to follow the example and hard work of so that the future not only of Puriang Village but of the country as a whole will be bright.
The match ended 2-2 goals.
The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on Thursday said that it is the desire of various political parties to get a government led by the National Party.
They said that all these vehicles were with AIG (A) and the keys were with him and they took the vehicles only if he ordered them to take them.
In the Eastern countries, such as England, Germany and America, the animals used for lyngkor are horses or mules.
The government has received 1704 metric tonnes of sugarcane to distribute to the people in the state.
In a statement, the Additional SP of East Jaintia Hills, Bah Banraplang Jyrwa, said that after receiving the tip, the Khliehriat Police Station and the Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF), searched for Hussain and arrested him.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said, “We have already explained and even the party has already explained.
Shillong, Lber, 01: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Laban Circle has expressed its full support to the demand of the KSU Laban Circle to immediately evict the illegal residents of Maxwelton Estate.
She said that it was in the past two months that they started to become aware of the message until they feared that it was an attempt to defeat their candidate.
In addition, Bah Enshon was also a member of the Seng Biria U Khasi (SBUK) which is a group of elders who hold biria festivals around the country.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Hynniewtrep Farmers and Labors Association (HFLA) on Tuesday expressed its deep surprise that the HFLA has not seen any groups to demonstrate. or to express their condolences or condolences on the murder of an employee of the Meghalaya Rural Bank at Iooksi, West Jaintia Hills.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor expressed his regret that there has been a real decline in the value of society due to the discrimination and insult. of the free will to choose because there is no law to prohibit.
The SP said that the police have registered a case against the HNLC flag on the National Highway in Ribhoi District in April, 2023 at Nongpoh Police Station. under Section 120B/121A of the Indian Penal Code and read also with Section 10/13 of the UA(P)Act.
With such a large population and suffering from the poor villagers, it is clear that the hospital does not have the capacity to serve compared to the large number of patients in West Khasi Hills.
Speaking to reporters after leaving the Sadar police station, the Assistant Finance Secretary, Bah Babitdor Hoojon, said that the police had alleged that the teachers had counted the number of teachers. CrPC and impose penalties according to the law.
On the other hand, the Labor Department has directed these workers to register with the Labor Department, otherwise they will not be able to come to work in the state.
Vi, a telecom service provider, has launched an offer to celebrate Vi users known as 'Recharge & Fly', in collaboration with EaseMyTrip.
The hearing was held twice in the morning and continued at 2 pm.
Bindo said that besides suggesting the ILP, the High Level Committee on Influx (HLCoI) headed by him has also mentioned the ID card system as proposed by the group at the time. Minister of State Bah Thrang Hok Rangad was born in
These two persons, who were arrested by the police on 2/8/2022, have confessed to being involved in the theft of goods from Rynjah and the stolen goods were sold to another person. Police have launched an investigation to find out the buyer of the items.
Shillong: The Shillong Girls Inter District Cricket Tournament (U-19) on Saturday ended with the final between Shillong and Ri-Bhoi District Cricket. Shillong Cricket Association (BCA) won the match by two runs.
Meghalaya has been a full state since 1972 when it separated from Assam and has been a full state for 45 years.
“Ale, sit here, it's nice.
The Minister of Mylliem Hima, Minister War Tynghah, who is in charge of Sanitation, visited the shops yesterday. that there are still shops which have not complied with the notice which has been in place for more than a month as well as the instructions and warnings.
The Seng Khasi Sengkmie, on the 15th of June, concluded the Shad Suk Mynsiem with the participation of more than 1600 dancers including men and women at a rally held at Weiking Square, Jaïaw.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: The MPUF-CGB has expressed its deep sorrow after receiving information regarding the darkness in Mukhla village for more than two months. The village does not have electricity.
Sherphulman Sohshang, former Sordar of Marngor, said that the residents of these four polling stations have expressed their desire that these polling stations should fall under Nongstoiñ. He said that for the past two years, many government schemes that the people of these villages should have received have not reached them properly because the MLA and MDC have not been in the position. Each constituency and the public find it very difficult to meet them.
The Government of India has said that it wants to protect us through the Sixth Scheduled but we should not be misled by such a thing because the truth is that until the District Council can be empowered by abolishing it. Paragraph 12A of the Sixth Scheduled, KHADC or JHADC shall be the only places of residence for politicians who intend to contest MLA elections. The Inner Line Permit is unconstitutional by saying that it is against the Fundamental Rights Article 19 (d) 19 (e) or is it the right to travel or not? Freedom of Movement and Residence in any part of India as published in The Telegraph on 6th.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 21: In honor of (L) Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, the founder of the Hill State People's Party (HPP), the party has taken a big step forward this year. She has started to build a monument on top of a beautiful hill in Mawphanlur and on top of a hill in Mawphanlur.
The first round of the elections will be held on 19th June 2024 and the second round will be held on 26th June 2024. The third round will be held on 7th June and the fourth round will be held on 13th June fifth round on 20th January, round six, on 25th January and round nine, on 1 July 2024.
The strike of these youths continues today.
Let them say and talk as they talk, it doesn't matter, we can easily use police force and the situation can get worse, but the best thing is to be patient, listen and talk “It is true that there are cases where we have encountered difficulties but it is still better to do this”.
Before Ne-Yo and Hybrid Theory, other singers, including Rahul Rajkhowa, Meba Ofilia, Snow White, Banjop, who are famous singers, performed their songs. to the people.
There was no personal gain, he said, but for the benefit of the nation as a whole.
There were three matches on this day where in the first match Luti tuber Ïalong beat Youth Social Welfare Pynthor. Social Welfare Pynthor by 1 to 0.
The decision to start the second phase of the border was taken at a meeting held in Dispur today in the presence of the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya. Conrad K Sangma and Himanta Biswa Sarma.
Vehicles passing through the village have been ordered not to stop in the middle of the road.
You have excluded qualified companies from the tender process but now you are increasing the budget.
The production of these rivers, not only can meet the needs of mankind, but moreover, it has produced so much that it cannot ring again to plant them in the fields in order to get back to the fields. rep to ride.
Therefore, the true purpose of Article 44 or the UCC is not to regulate religion, to oppose religion or to oppose religion, but to protect the personal rights of citizens in society and to earn.
This is the promise of God after he warned the people of Israel, saying, Hear, ye deaf, and look, ye blind, that ye may see.
The ryngkang par is like a small animal that is eaten by a big animal in the forest; and the state of kharit is like the small fish being excluded from the big fish in a river or a pond.
Besides the drugs weighing more than 100 grams, police also seized cash worth T.3.34 lakh, three mobile phones, an ATM card and a PAN card.
In fact, there are many ways to free Shillong from traffic jam, one of the ways is that the government should build a flyover from Mawlai to Umshyrpi, so that vehicles cannot come. From Guwahati, those who do not want to go to the city will go straight, as well as the road from Laitkor to Mylliem and from Umiam to Hynniewmer to leave the city.
Plastic is the enemy of the environment and will never go away.
This Act not only protects the illegal entry of high-paid people but also protects the land from being destroyed.
Therefore, the Mei Ramew demanded that the Lai Synshar (Ka Hukum), which is the Nongbuh Shah and the Distributor, should send a ruler to rule over the inheritance of the Mei Ramew.
Rida has since decided to stop going to school because of her shame.
The residents of Jarain still want to replace the former Waheh Shnong and on this occasion the Dolloi said that this matter will be arranged in the coming days.
Therefore, to restore the glory of the country, to restore the spirit of the rwiang once again, we must turn back to the Hyndai which was established by our ancestors.
The President of the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU), Bah Lawyerson War, said that the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary is the largest wildlife sanctuary in both the East and West Jaintia Hills Districts. northeastern part of the state of Meghalaya.
According to a statement issued by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Peter G Lamare and General Secretary, Bah T. Hynniewta, there will be a speech on that day as a memorial to Soso Tham. cleanliness from 9 pm.
On the same day, the FKJGP also welcomed 9 youths who came to join the FKJGP at a meeting held at Tyrchi Inn, Khliehtyrshi.
¢Do not use signs or posters to hang clothes on electric poles.
Therefore, regarding the complaint by these contractors, the union will follow up to find out the facts and if they find out, it means that the union will go its own way and do not be afraid of those who are guilty.
Mawlai, who won the Women's League title last year by beating the same team this year, beat Mawlai 3-1 Laitkor SC in front of more than 1,000 spectators who came to witness the final match between the two teams.
The Bapli people were shot like animals, because the Assam Police did not give any warning to shoot, but they were shot.
Before the end of the first half, Mylliem scored another goal through Premier Kurkalang in the 55th minute to secure the victory.
Students from nine colleges and nine schools from East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills Districts participated in the festival.
He said that as a former leader of the HYC, he understands how much the nation is suffering, because the Lok Sabha leaders who have won in the past years have not opened their mouths to speak in the HYC. the Parliament at the appropriate time.
St. Francis De Sales Secondary School, Bakur-Dawki won the Best School Award for UP & Sec.Schools while Syiem Jingsuk Higher Secondary School, Amlarem won the Best School Award for LP Schools. .
The President of the Unit Samla Kitbok Lang Lamare said that the CHC has become like an animal shelter, because the birth of children has been done without candles and touch lights. “Is it possible to take care of people in the middle of darkness?” asked the party.
Dr Tariang, in charge of Robert Hospital, said that this year there are 873 patients who have applied for MHIS and out of these 661 patients have received the insurance scheme and those who have not yet received it. There are 111 beneficiaries of this scheme.
On Tuesday evening, members of the HYC continued their raid on drug users and dealers in the Khyndai Lad area.
There were also those who said that there are people who have registered for Aadhaar for a long time, but have not yet received their card.
The discussion started today at IIM Shillong, Umsawli Campus.
They marched in groups and attended a public meeting of Shah, which was held at Shahid Minar.
Anyone who has any questions, please contact the reception desks along the road and near the church or by phone.
The Rangbah Shnongs said that this is due to the government's lack of action to calm the protesters.
He also promised to take the water for testing to find out the truth.
The 22-year-old, who spent two years with the Spanish club, has signed a five-year contract with the new French club.
Shillong: The body of a man was found at Punjabi Lane, Shillong on the 6th of this month and was taken to the Civil Hospital, Shillong, where he was pronounced dead.
According to the family members, the child is polite and respectful and does not lie or cheat on her parents, and the family members do not believe that she has run away. but they strongly suspected it was kidnapping.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said he had not received any information on this but would inform the Council officers.
The National Curriculum Framework for Teacher Education (NCTE 2021) will be introduced by the NCTE in consultation with the NCERT. By 2030, the minimum educational qualification for teachers will be 4 years together. with a B.Ed.
TDP MLAs have been barred from meeting fellow members or their families, and police have also banned holding rallies and marches across the state.
Revelation 20:4-6 / 1 Corinthians 15:2
How will the government pay this money? For a small state like Meghalaya, this payment has been very high.
Karnataka, which includes reserve players from Bengaluru FC and some of the best players from the Super Division League, made history by winning the title for the first time in Santosh. Trophy played away from home country.
In this regard; on the 22nd day of this month; The KSU Narpuh Circle has conducted an inspection along the river in the presence of HH Mohrmen.
And he said, I have seen Jesus, and he hath called me; Ale noh Ale noh to Ing'
The purpose of the meeting was to explain the benefits available through the Meghalaya Building and Other Construction Workers Welfare Board of the State Government as well as the Prime Minister Shram Yogi Maandhan (PM-SYM) or Pension Scheme. people who work illegally earn a living.
Kong Linda Kongwang[continued]Clothes:- Many times you like to wear clothes at home so you can choose clothes that you like to wear such as dresses, skirts, shorts or stang clothes that make it easier for you to work.
He said that the political parties will not file their nomination papers for the MLA elections. Nagaland Congress, JD (U) and AAP. In a petition to the ECI, the CCNTHCO informed that the meeting held on 25th July 2018, in which it was decided to demand the suspension of the the MLA elections and to conclude the social agreement with the Nagas.
This partnership will also allow the team to expand its activities to share information gathered during the implementation of the project.
The recipients of the award worth T.50,000 along with certificates and souvenirs with the stamp of the government include Bah Dlarson Byrsaw from Kenbah, Mawsynram. , EKHD, Helme Shylla from Tyrshang, Ummulong, WJHD, Kalbok Mawthoh from Thangsning, EKHD, Previan Lapasam from Sohkymphor Nein, Wapung, EJHD and Chiangbarth N Marak from 10 Reserve B Gitmara. , SGHD.In addition, the government will also try to provide financial assistance for the construction of offices, warehouses, sales and marketing facilities. to promote skills for other makers and artisans in the vicinity of these awardees.
Similarly, since 1920 AD, there has been a conflict between Jews and Arab Muslims. In 1929 AD, there has been a conflict and killing.
Speaking on Saturday at a competition among children organized by KJDSTA in Shillong as part of the celebration of its 35th Anniversary, Dr Mawthoh said that education in the state You have a lot of changes in the Education Policy of the State that need to be addressed.
These women were stripped of their clothes in front of men at Tura Women Police Station and photographed and distributed to the media but the Commission has not conducted an investigation into this.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 20: Due to the heavy rainfall last month, the landslide on the roads around the area has been severe which has caused traffic jams.
This water reservoir can be used for many purposes, such as irrigation, drinking water, sanitation and others.
He urged the people especially the youth to learn about the life of PA Sangma, the teachings and principles.
Even Delhi has been aware of their change of color and fundamentals not only in their language but also in their actions.
East Khasi Hills District became the winner of the XXII Meghalaya State Level Kickboxing Championship followed by Ri-Bhoi District and West Jaintia Hills District came fourth.
Moodymmai scored 129 runs in 20 overs for the loss of nine wickets.
It is worth mentioning that the RBTEDF, said that the purpose of holding the competition on the 9th of this month, is as part of raising awareness among the public on the importance of The preservation of the dohum dohwah inside the river, which is also one of the famous rivers in Ri Bhoi.
“The police were there and saw with their own eyes, but they didn't do anything.
He said that he has learned that those who have been relocated from one place to another are only those who work in various government departments.
“I have been Treasurer of this party for 12 years, but on that day, when I was elected President, I said Bah Rapsang, you are the richest MLA and I congratulated Bah Rapsang. Rapsang, who has taken over this post,” said Ma Pala, to Bah Mohendro Rapsang, who has taken over this post.
And if Israel shall build the temple, after three and a half years, the beast shall dwell in the temple in Jerusalem, and shall make himself God.—2 Thessalonians 2:1-4
“It is only after the first formal talk that we will understand whether it will succeed or not and it is then that we will raise the issue and perhaps if the talks are successful we will sign the soskular ceasefire.
The district authorities also expressed their gratitude to the Dorbar Shnong Lapalang for providing food items to these families since the beginning of the displacement.
Ephesians 2:2, For he is in the second heaven, which is called the second heaven.
Commenting on the incident, Sarma said, “I have strongly criticized the officers who stopped the traffic for my journey, despite the clear order. , that the movement of the people should not be blocked in my journey.
Himachal has suffered a heavy loss of Rs 1,050 crore since the heavy rains began on July 24, 80 people were killed while 10 others were injured.
On the third day Abraham saw the mountain that God had told him about.
“If you are the owners of the state, think carefully about the nation,” said Bah Sumer and added that the Council does not force you to pay once but allows you to pay twice or three times.
“The Convener said that during the meeting, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has promised that these 11 villages will remain in the Upper Shillong sub-division as they have all.
“Through this false news in the Shillong Times, many of the contractors have phoned and are not willing to proceed with the implementation of this scheme,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Batskhem congratulated the people who have given him the opportunity to serve the Mairang Constituency as an MDC in the past three and a half years. tried to participate with the people at all times even in a short period of time.
Then when lust hath conceived, it bringeth forth sin: and sin, when it is finished, bringeth forth death. and sin, when it is full-grown, gives birth to death.
Four teams of employees of the department went to Mawlangsu, Mairang and Rambrai and seized the stolen rnga in Laitdom.
The voices are cheering and shouting to prove that it is the most popular Festival of
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sutnga said, “Ka AMKA has been organizing the tournament every year.
The West Jaintia Boxing Association (WJBA) has elected new office bearers of the association at its General Meeting held on 6th November.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been appointed as CEM by Bah Titostarwell Chyne. The JHADC, led by Thombor Shiwat as CEM and the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC), led by Albinush Marak as CEM, have jointly decided to They have strongly opposed the Government of India's plan to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) in Meghalaya.
(Unskilled) in which the department has promised to implement the new salary but till date it has not done anything.
Many of these are women who have been abandoned.
“We will also meet with the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government and on behalf of the party we will also meet separately,” he said.
The Chairman of the party has promised that if the government does not listen to these demands, he will stand every day in front of the Secretariat to remind the Prime Minister every time he enters and every time he leaves the office. his.
The day of the Niam Mane Wi Blai, Today is the day of the world; Hey name U Blai wabuh wathoo, Wada has received the gift of wakhroo.
The union also requested the Driver Associations which have been close to the union in many areas to continue to cooperate with the union.
In Mathematics, 45 students scored 100 per cent, 12 students scored 100 per cent in Science and Technology, 6 students scored 100 per cent in Social Studies, 15 students in Computer Science and 13 in the subject of Health Education.
This rainfall has pleased the people who have been waiting for the rain to cool the environment from the heat of the sky.
He said that to understand this issue, the Youth Wing of the party will hold a debate competition among college students on the 12th.
According to sources, MeECL officials collect money every month from those households who provide light, although they do not get to use electricity.
The sale deed states that the money has been paid, but in 2022, when the KHADC went to take over the land from the owner, the owner of the land did not allow the Council. which means that you have not yet received the money".
After a few years, it was upgraded to the Higher Secondary School (Art Stream) and the school was established in Rtiang.
Speaking on the occasion, Memorial Khongkai Skills Development Officer West Khasi Hills District said, “Don't underestimate the skills you have gained from this training, but you have to learn to stand on your own feet to play chess. part of the income.
After a short meeting at ICAR Umiam, the Minister also visited the drones specially manufactured under the DHaBReT project for use in the spraying of plants and agricultural products, as well as the manufactured drugs. especially that farmers can use for their crops.
Speaking on the current state of the education sector in the State, he said that the State has about 55,000 teachers and about 15,000 schools and colleges.
Shillong, November 21 : Eva Wayne Marbaniang has qualified for the pre-quarter final of the 6th Elite Women National Boxing Championship in Bhopla. , Central Province.
According to the report, no explosives were found used in the blast, the source said, adding that the explosives were found in the two. Two plots of land on Heritage Street in Amritsar have been sold to alcoholic beverage containers.
He said that today the union has posted notices around the area in Ri Bhoi to request the cement vendors to join hands with the union to protest against the bomb blast. Topcem should temporarily suspend the sale of Cement Topcem as a protest against the violence of the company, he added.
“Knowledge of man and knowledge of God is important, love yourself and your fellow human beings because in this world the life of people is the only one,” he said.
The NHAI has also appointed a contractor from 29th November 2023 to repair the road from Sonapur (141+500 km) to Ratacherra (171.455 km).
Kennedy C. Khyriem also thanked the Government of Meghalaya for taking action against the protest of the North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEMU) The Mazdoor Union has decided to hold a meeting to discuss the problems of the people if the union stops supplying fuel to the state. However, through the government's initiative, the Mazdoor Union has decided to continue. the delivery of Umphniang to the state.
According to the employees, at first they thought it was a child, but after they tried to cut it with a stick, they saw that it was a child.
But the time has come _ the time has come.
He said that the doctors who treated the children at Chhapra Sadar Hospital said that the death of the children was due to the presence of poisonous substances in the food.
The place of the funeral was not written.
Nongpoh: The students of St. Savio Higher Secondary School, Baridua, Ri Bhoi District, have been facing difficulties during the rainy season. The students who attended the school were encouraged.
The program was held at Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai in collaboration with the District Social Welfare Officer.
We cannot wait for the government alone to do it but it is the people who should take responsibility,” he said.
Does this just happen? Yes, it is part of God's purpose for the land that he promised from the time of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
Speaking to reporters, NPP President Rajya Sabha MP Dr Wanwei Roy Kharlukhi said, “We are part of the NDA and we will support the NDA candidate”.
After the departure of the French, that is, after we gained Independence in 1947, the whole of Khasi-Jaintia still fell under the State of Assam.
The KSU has suggested that this be done as an experiment and see how it will work.
At the same time, he explained that the Admit Card will be a curfew pass for those who have taken the examination and two assistants to the examination centres.
The Moderator of War Jaintia Presbytery, Rev. PRL Gadew in his speech said, “This is a great honor that God has given to War Jaintia Presbytery and all the churches in it, because it is through the gift and blessing of God. His thanks to the Christian family and the encouragement of the members of the church which enabled the Presbytery to lay the foundation stone for its full schedule.
Life in a foreign land is not an easy, peaceful life and not a life in green pastures and by calm waters.
One of the major programs is the CM-Elevate, which the government has provided a huge subsidy to the farmers.
house to ensure that all the policemen are in good health, said SP Bah Lakador Syiem.
From 4.30 pm the sun started to rise from behind the clouds and the sky was bright and beautiful.
Their friendly scored 156 runs for the fourth wicket in 56 overs.
On 27th July 1952, the students held a mass march.
These awards are given only to the languages ​​included in the 8th Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Nongpoh: Speaking to reporters, the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District, including Bah Rocky Kylla as Chairman, Bah CB Syiem, General Secretary and others, said that The General Meeting of the Union will be held on the 29th of this month at 11 am at Umsning Auditorium Hall and at this meeting, the new leaders of the Union will be elected and renewed.
The march of farmers and tractors will take place in the middle of the Republic Day parade on the 26th July
They said that they will meet with Governor RS Mooshahary on Thursday at 12 noon.
Speaking to reporters, Banshai and Arson showed a recording of a mobile phone conversation with Bah RS Syiem in which the officer said, “You have to talk to Maheh. According to the explanation of the two, Bah HDR Lyngdoh was known in the area as 'Maheh'
When asked whether the government will cancel the contract with Dharampal Satyapal Group to build a 240 megawatt thermal project in South Garo Hills, Mondal said the government has waited for the company for a long time to come forward. however, the project has not yet been implemented.
Besides those who phoned, some came in person to ask for advice on whether there is a way to extend the curfew hours.
Speaking on the occasion, Zenith M Sangma pointed out the shortcomings of the NPP-led state government under the tenure of Conrad Sangma.
The DC said that tomorrow he will send Magistrates and Police to inspect the coal mining factories especially those which still have only CTE. (Concern to operates) will have to consider whether they comply with the rules.
The holy word “Bible” was used to give the name of the book and this has affected the feelings of Christians, Shinde said.
He admitted that the 12 disputed areas are not on the 1976 map of Meghalaya and it is different from the 2008 map.
If the MP from Meghalaya is from the BJP it will be easier for us to discuss any issues of the state including the views of the religious leaders.
The DGP said that these drug dealers used to give something to the drug users for a while, and after they started to get drunk, they started selling to increase their drug market.
When asked to amend the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act (NDPS) Act, 1985, he denied that drug traffickers should be treated like drug traffickers. The NDPS Act, 1985 falls under the jurisdiction of the Central Government while the Government cannot do anything but will inform this.
The lives of the people in the rural areas would have been very difficult without the voluntary organizations from any religious and church groups who volunteer to serve for the community. social welfare and to improve the income of the people in the rural areas.
The names of the 15 players are Shubham Rasaily, Kshitij Singhania, Avinash Rai, Lensbirth N Marak, Rituraj Rabha, Angkit Tamang, Shahin Alome, Shavian Blah, Banialam J. Mylliemngap, Josiah D. Wanko Marak, Dinikcheng Marak. , Bilgrak G Sangma, Charm Marbaniang and Da-La-Biang Shangpliang.
He said that besides this tournament, there will be another football tournament called the Open To All Football Tournament Knockout 2023-2024 where the prize money for all will be T. including T.3 lakh for the winner and T.2 lakh for the runner-up along with trophies.
Other areas with larger areas include Selsela in Garo Hills, Umsning in Ri Bhoi, Mawshynrut in West Khasi Hills, Laskein in Jaintia Hills and others.
Other members of the committee include former president of the party, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit.
On the 8th, the Second Division match will be between Panaliar vs Sshangpung Khliehmuchut at 12 PM. In the Invitation Football Tournament, Mynsngat will face Mookyndur at 2 PM. The semifinals of the 2nd Division Football Tournament were held by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA).
Lapang said it is necessary to encourage women to have confidence in the party leaders despite many challenges.
The 10th Anniversary Celebration was attended by Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Bah Balajied Rani, MDC, Bah Hobar Langi, Rangbah Shnong Mawlong Nongtluh and office bearers of the VO. Ridian Syiem, President of Kynthuplang VO and the office bearers of 13 SHG's on the list of VO. Volunteers, including Cadres, ASHA workers and Aganwadi workers, on the basis of their hard work, in order to meet the needs of the residents.
S.K.N “Answer Rida my question, why don't you listen...?” said the mother.
Police have recovered 3.73 grams of heroin from them. They were traveling to Lum Shnong in a sumo tourist vehicle. Police are conducting investigation against them. was arrested.
The Act was passed by the Legislative Assembly to protect SC/ST women. Bah Monarch Shabong ), in the past few days; However, I did not accept that it was a necessary meeting and therefore, my notebook does not contain a single mark from the meeting with Sangma.
Sawmer have finished their SPL with six points, including a victory against Ryntih SC, while Nongthymmai have three points by beating Nangkiew. Black.
Job 36:26.
Kine that dei that shi bride.
On the protest on 17th June, Bah Ardent said, “The protest will continue as called by the VPP at 10 pm, because the VPP's position is that the government should "It's a good idea to have a reservation policy in the state.
Three and a half years for Satan to rule this world from Jerusalem.
The Rangbah Kur who have reached the age of 75 years were also honoured.
The Congress government should meet all these needs”.
They also demanded that their own Director General of Police (DGP) should be appointed for the four tribal districts in the state, including Senapati, Tamenglonh, Churachanpur, Chandel and Ukhrul.
The most pressing issue is the lack of implementation and monitoring of pending schemes with various departments of the Central Government where it is felt necessary to appoint knowledgeable personnel to meet the needs and communicate. and the Federal Government.
He also alleged that the requirements for the selection of contractors are very strict and the company M/s Onycon, which was awarded the contract, has done very slowly and this has raised strong suspicion that MeECL and the people of Garo Hills need an answer to this misuse of public money.
“The Khasi people want the Prime Minister to be from Khasi Hills, because the Garo Prime Minister has been in power for a long time,” said the Nongkrem MDC. I don't know the Congress, I don't know the Congress but because I don't have any more power in Delhi”.
The meeting was held under the chairmanship of Reachingson Kongwang.
Rgh I.Sun, Chairman Lum Sohpetbneng Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, gave a keynote address. The purpose and purpose of climbing to the top of Lum Sohpetbneng, as a spiritual climb is to revive the Nguh Ryngkew Basa, the prayer is to pray for the agriculture, to preserve and maintain it. to the gifts of God and to enjoy good health.
He lives in Chutwakhu, Jowai, West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong: About five shops have been destroyed by a fire at Photkroh Market in South West Khasi Hills District.
“When you meet your fellow villagers here and there in the city, talk to them in your own language, call them in a loud voice as you used to do in your village, we should not be ashamed,” said the Sohra MLA.
It is also worth mentioning that many of the farmers in the state cultivate sohsaw, kubi, phulkubi, phan, sying, synsar and other crops which they have to work hard to provide. They have to sell their household items, but the sad thing is that when they sell them in the market, they have to sell them at a low price which doesn't match their hard work.
king@nic.
Prestone, who is also the Chairman of the High Level Committee (HLC), said that the area at Mawbah is one of the areas where the government thinks it is sufficient to relocate the Harijans but the government will not. take any decision in connection with this.
Three mobile phones and T.54,150 were also seized from the suspects.
However, when she had deposited the money, she realized that she had been cheated, but her surprise was too late.
Francis has been charged with rape of a child in 2018 under a case registered at Jowai under Section 7/8 POCSO Act. R M.Suchiang investigated the incident and wrote a report.
NESO expresses its deep sorrow over the continued bloodshed in Manipur in which houses have been destroyed and more than 100 people have lost their lives.
Bah Sawkmie said that they want to complete this road before Christmas, if all this goes smoothly.
The seizure of other types of drugs includes 16928 in 2022, 32,298 in 2023, and 600 in
These are no longer new events but long-standing events.
MPCC President DD Lapang, who was also present at the meeting, said the MPCC is ready to do whatever is needed by the Congress women in order to bring about cooperation and unity.
He that is clean, let him be clean.
We don't want to say anything about the Lalungs, but we see that the talk these days, it turns out that those who call themselves Scheduled Tribes, where the Assamese in Meghalaya, are too many. Scheduled Tribes, Mizos, Arunachals and many others have become Scheduled Tribes in this State and the appearance of the names of the Lalungs, at such a time, has shattered the whole issue. .
There are 341 cases undergoing treatment in various hospitals and 159 cases have recovered.
A certificate of confirmation of this income must be obtained from the relevant authorities which must be sent with the application.
He said the government feels that the number of Anganwadi Centers is not enough, so it has launched the Meghalaya Early Childhood Development Mission (MECDM&RM) in collaboration with the Ministry of Health, Education and Social Affairs. Welfare, Community & Rural Development in collaboration with parents, caregivers, teachers and others in order to produce fully developed citizens who will be the shapers of the family. longsem, society and the future of the nation.
Shillong, March 24: The Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, on Tuesday said that the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, did not use force in connection with the issuance of the Sanad to Bah Zuberstar Kharbuki to be appointed as the new Minister of the Kharbuki Kur.
The group also submitted a petition to the Deputy Commissioner and said that the smuggling of sugar to Bangladesh has been going on for many months through unsecured areas in South Garo Hills.
After not receiving information from Guwahati about the meeting of HDR in Guwahati as announced at the Dorbar Bah at Polo Ground, Rupang got in touch with him on Saturday night by phone.
The Supreme Court in June 2013 has ordered that any MP or MLA sentenced to two years imprisonment shall lose his or her MP or MLA status. MLAs who are disqualified from becoming members of the Legislative Assembly have three months to appeal to the High Court.
The winners of this competition will receive Rs 5000/- for the first prize, Rs 3000/- for the second prize and Rs 2000/- for the third prize. trophies bad certificates.
He hoped that in the future he will work harder and improve his work for the development of the Constituency.
The President of AMSSASTA Central Body, Babu L. Marngar, was also present to congratulate the 4th teachers of the district.
“I hope that the people will elect me as MP to the Lok Sabha as a tribute to my father, Purno A. Sangma,” he said.
Mawkyrwat, July 28: The Krishi Vigyan Kendra (KVK) West Khasi Hills District has launched a program “Achieving Sustainable Development Goals (SDG-Zero Hunger)” with the aim of The meeting was held on July 27, 2023 at the KVK office, West Khasi Hills.
Wahkhen village, which is famous for its sohniamtra production and cleanliness, has seen a sharp decline in sohniamtra production this year.
Work for the betterment of the future of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo children to have a competitive spirit and to have no more Sub-tribe Reservation.
Police have registered a case under the Arm and Explosive Act at Lumdiengjri Police Station and have not yet confirmed who owns the weapons.
When it comes to these eastern parts of the world, Japan is proud of its traditions laid down by its ancestors.
For agriculture, the FOCUS was launched in 2021 with the aim of increasing production, increasing efficiency and helping to improve loans and strengthen marketing facilities for producers engaged in agriculture, livestock and the like.
The 13 members of AHAM, said that they demanded T.500 from each foreign shopkeeper, which was also written with the words 'Non-Tribal Registration Receipt' on which they had to pay, even if they were shopkeepers. are those who have valid licenses too.
However, when a group of journalists tried to inquire from CP Gotmare, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, the DC said that the vacancy in the area has been carried out. beain and some of those who have not received permission from the District authorities.
The project involves 684 beneficiaries and will create employment opportunities for 3,250 people per annum.
He said that these bridges have been erected by finding the manufacturer of the bridges and after that, they have decided to set a price for the construction of these bridges. T.200 from each truck passing through the bridge and the union alleged that these bridge builders used to pay between T.1.5 crore to T.2 crore to the government. The robbery, which is once a year, also alleged that such a collection of money from parking lots is only in Meghalaya.
In the men's doubles, Jayram Pegu and Tonmoy Bikash Boruah of Assam beat Ch Kiyon Manpang and Sonam Tamang of Arunachal Pradesh 21-14, 16-21 and 21-15 respectively. In the women's doubles, Pinky Karki and Taring Yania from Arunachal Pradesh beat Debahuti Lahon and Ekumyala from Nagaland 21-7, 21-1
Former Umsning MLA Dr C Lyngdoh, MPYC President Adrian L Chyne, former Nongpoh MDC Raja Brahma, BDO C&RD Block Umsning, Bipul Thangkhiew were also present. RBYF, UBCC President Rocky Marweiñ, UBCC President BS Nongphlang, Mawtari Myrdon Village Council, and other dignitaries.
The total value of the drugs seized is estimated at 850 million euros or $946 million. They have also arrested five persons involved in the smuggling and smuggling of the drugs.
In Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Shillong, from 9 am to noon, in Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills, from 12 noon to 2 pm.
Shillong: U Bah Martle N Mukhim, a well-known politician and leader of the ethnic parties in the state, has expressed his deep concern at these times because the people's leaders have become contractors in the instead of them being legislators.
The HYC Maweit Circle has sent a clear message to the state government today through a statement that the government should immediately start what it has promised through the Minister in charge of PWD, Bah Prestone Tynsong on 20th July 2019 at his office.
Guwahati: Clashes have intensified on the border between Assam and Mizoram and police patrolling on both sides has been tight. canoe canoe for.
The MLA also urged the villagers to take advantage of government schemes especially those that come through the central government such as IMHS to benefit when they are sick and suffering.
Some schools which have no relationship with them have received MDM while others have lost their information. When asked for information, these distributors have called the schools to collect food and have not paid the fee. Hey.
There are reports that 3 Assamese have been injured, while others have said that 10 people have been injured and 3 Mizorams have been injured. this is what you are doing.
On this occasion, the organization also honored the youths who have recently won medals in the cycle competitions held in Tawang, Arunachal Pradesh and Punmudi, Kerala.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The State Government has received a new Blue Print from the Urban Affairs Department on the relocation of the Harijans living in Them Ïewmawlong to the former Municipal Office. While hearing the case filed by the Harijan Panchayat Committee on the 16th, the Muktiars of the Government informed that the Government has informed that it will hold a meeting on the 22nd to discuss the matter. the High Level Committee.
If the Ministry of Human Development cannot cancel the meeting, they will send a complaint to the Visitor of NEHU and send for the immediate removal of the VC. After the expiry of the term of office of Prof.SK Srivastava on 23rd July 2020, he was appointed to continue his term until a new VC is appointed within one year.
The Academic Block was named after L John Deng Pohrmen and the Library Block was named after L Chuidu Lyngdoh Rad.
Explaining on the part of the Executive Committee, Shylla said that the signboard is also necessary to prevent the influx of people from Bangladesh into the state. He said that the government needs to cut the mawpud.
Regarding this issue, HANM Mawshynrut Circle has sent a letter to the Engineer of PWD (R) East Garo Hills, to connect the road and bridge through Nongdambur West Khasi Hills to Ronga Agal Village. so that the residents of the two districts can easily travel and transport.
Shillong, November : Nongshluid Govt LP School will celebrate its 100th Anniversary on 17th November
Mawkyrwat, Lber 20: The District Election Officer, Mawkyrwat District, Mawkyrwat has announced that for the General Election to the Lok Sabha, To ensure the transparency and fairness of the elections, committees have been set up including the Committee on Seizure of Cash and Redressal of Public Grievances. The District Expenditure Monitoring Committee, the Election Expenditure Monitoring Control Room and the Complaint Monitoring Center 24X7 in South West Khasi Hills District can be contacted at No: for any election-related expenditure.
“The Holy Eucharist is the message that we must proclaim to the world,” he said, adding, “if we love Jesus in the Holy Eucharist we must also love the poor as Pope Francis said. declared this day as the Year of Remembrance of the Poor.
Speaking on the occasion, M.Dkhar, Nodal Officer DMHP, Dr.A.Mawiong and others, expressed the need for a Mental Health Programme. This kind of training for those people with mental disabilities and especially for those who intend to take their own lives.
Although he has not yet announced which party will support him in the presidential election, he has made it clear that the party will support the candidate who wins.
He said the names of the members of the committee should be sent to the government within 48 hours to expedite the work.
It was here that the soul of Woh Kiang Nangbah was shocked to see that the rights of the people had been violated and he came out through the Village of Bishar by religion according to the inspiration of God the Creator to fight and defend. the country, the religion, the customs and traditions of the nation.
He also urged the farmers not to be afraid of the threat of the traders not to buy the jhur if they are not allowed to cut kilos and to come to the meeting to get an explanation from the leaders of the union.
“Why does this government affect the church work now, isn't the church that organization, if you are in charge of the church you have to inform the government,” he said.
After this day, the Chief Guest, Wailad also laid the ribbon of the sewing training center which has started operating from today and will last for two months.
Schools run by religious groups in the state cannot set up school managing committees according to the RTE Act,” said MCLCCE Chairman Fr.RM Majaw. Commissioner and Secretary in charge of Education, Bah Donald P Wahlang on Monday.
World number two Aryna Sabalenka has reached the semi-finals of Wimbledon after beating Madison Keys 6-2, 6-4 Church of London.
The CAG said that the shortage of medicines is due to overpurchase.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has met with all the Village Authorities of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on the 21st of this month to discuss the Meghalaya government's plan to implement the the Village Development Plan (VDP-GPDP) in the villages.
However, what has been seen after the dissolution of the UDP-led EC, is that the President of the UDP, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, has announced in the evening that the dissolution of the EC. in KHADC will not affect the cooperation in the MDA government
BJP Vice-President in the country and Medinipur MP Dilip Ghosh has alleged that the TMC has increased its violence against its followers. As part of the efforts to win the Panchayat elections in the state, which should have started later this month, moon.
He said the party will have to approve some issues before proceeding as the party already has candidates for the upcoming elections.
Prof Milton Sangma praised the ability to introduce these four subjects into the NEHU department to provide services to the state and the North Eastern Region of India and the country.
“I express my strong opposition and condemnation to the Assam Government for not respecting the talks to stop development works until the border has been resolved. "It's too late," said Bah Marngar.
He congratulated the Secretary of the Maharaj and Babu Manbha Lyngdoh who is the leader of the Ramakrishna Mission for visiting the village.
It has proposed to increase the tax at 4.5%, on water supply to 10.5%, on water T.200/- per month, on T.50/- per month on garbage collection and T. .10/- per month for street lighting.
In 2015, 195 countries of the world agreed with the United Nations to bring about a prosperous world for all.
Those who violate the law shall be punished according to the law.
The petrol bomb hit the Scorpio (ML02 0437) of the police chief and the two wheels on the right side caught fire.
However, not all people are willing to take advantage of the assistance of banks because there are many requirements that the people have to meet in order for banks to be able to assist or support them.
The MBT road from Bribah Mawpat to IAS Colony Umsawli for 3.2 km at a cost of T.27.49 crore and the improvement of the 2-lane road from Shillong-Diengpasoh from 14 km to 21.20 km for 7.20 km at a cost of T.55 crore.
Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime’.
The MIPRLM has called for an indefinite economic strike to protest against the government's failure to act on their demand to release the ban on mining and sale of goods. coal.
If the government does not listen to this protest, they will not refuse to support the protests until the end, which will be considered later, they said.
In Uttar Pradesh, they pay only 1500 or 2000 tyngka to get an Aadhar Card to become an Indian citizen and from there they move around India especially to a borderless state like ours.
Speaking to media, Samla Bansharailang Pyngrope said that the party has confirmed its members and office bearers at the state level and appointed him as the full president along with others. Bansharailang Pyngrope President, Vice President Shri Changkam Sangma, General Secretary Landingstar Nongbri, Shri Damiyo Lamare, Alian B Marak and other secretaries.
The largest and purest Sohniamtra in Khasi Hills comes from Mawphu, Nongsteng, Umblai and surrounding villages.
The KSU sends its condolences to his family and loved ones and hopes that his legacy will be an example for future generations.
With this victory, both teams have qualified for the semifinals.
The idea behind the GREEN Scheme is to pay back to the community who have preserved and protected the resources in their forests so that they can witness many of the benefits of the environment including clean air, clean water, soil fertility among others.
Pomurra said that the Dorbar Shnongs have a special Act and powers than the Tenancy Bill to protect against foreigners and foreign workers entering the villages and foreigners. or non-tribals and to protect the residents is the responsibility of the Dorbar Shnongs and not the responsibility of the Government.
On the High Court's decision to implement the Roster System from which year, he said, “When the High Court ordered the Government to implement the Roster System, The MDA-I government has already sent a letter to the court on this issue,” he said.
Because of this incident, it was learned that the area where the Dkhars lived was guarded by the police to prevent any incident.
But as soon as you receive it, you will become a child of God.
Trinamool Congress Meghalaya leader Dr Mukul Sangma has admitted that the NPP will not win more than six seats from Garo Hills in the 2023 MLA elections.
On November 7, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the meeting of the three Regional Committees to resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam will continue next year.
The Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle has requested all candidates to submit their marksheets, certificates and residential certificates by 10th December 2022 to Ma Francis Dkhar.
According to the students, the economics teacher of the college, taught in class to the students who took the subject economics with the old syllabus, but in the final (HSSLC) examination they passed the examination. These students were shocked inside the examination hall, as soon as they saw the questions because the lessons in class and the questions of MBOSE do not match at all.
Pangniang said that in the last MDC election, the HSPDP won 7 MDCs, but now there are only 4 MDCs left due to the defection of MDCs. win twice and you will reach 14 people.
He said that the incident of Kong Ibakyntilin is not new but many people have suffered when they went for treatment and he said that the party has received many complaints. just in the last few days.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Tyagi said that the decision is in the hands of the Congress party, because if the Congress does not take part in the opposition, However, if the Congress party stands against it in the Rajya Sabha, it will be difficult for the government to get the approval of the Rajya Sabha. National Assembly.
At the same time, he said that the National Highway Office is preparing to build the road from the other side, for the convenience of drivers and the preparation of documents. to send to the Head office has been sent quickly.
“I saw that if we were to fall, we would not reach anywhere.
In another development, FKJGP Greater Nongkhnum Circle, has expressed its deep concern over the intention of the BSF to set up a camp in Nongknum area under Sohparu Village on the proposal of Sohparu Village to allocate land to the department.
As a Jaitbynriew, we have our own customs and traditions which are not only unique but also different from others around the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
Jumonki Phawa scored the goals for Myrjai in the 5th minute and Bahduh Phawa in the 44th minute.
Speaking in the Iing Dorbar, Bah Sumer said that all the Rangbah Shnongs of the area have strongly opposed the farm because it pollutes the drinking water and even according to the findings of the PHE department which conducted the test. He said that it has been reported that the water is not suitable for drinking as it will affect the health of the people who drink it.
There are very few people who don't like to eat sohphan and for that reason many people don't eat it than those who sell it.
The 48 hour curfew will start from 6 pm on 14th June 2020 until further notice, and all residents especially in Shillong are urged not to leave their homes to allow people to The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has urged the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to take all necessary measures to prevent the spread of corona virus in Meghalaya.
The milk is clean, the sying is sat, so is the wrath and the enmity.
Edilbert sustained serious head injuries and when he arrived at CHC Sohra, doctors cut off his head.
In this transformation, he became smaller and smaller until he became a lizard.
The family members of the deceased said that the deceased had left home on the 2nd of this month, saying that he was going to work, and since then he has not returned home. and until his body was found lying on the surface of the river Umran.
The Chief Minister paid tribute to the coal traders in Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills for their hard work in the fight against the NGT coal ban. Lakhmen Rymbui, Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma, MLA Rongara-Siju, Amit Kumar, Advocate General and many others. other de.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Isawanda Laloo expressed her pleasure to welcome the group by saying, “This is a pleasant day for the state to welcome you. Because today you have become the stars of the country who have brought glory by winning this trophy for the state.
Earlier, the opposition ministers of the Hima Mylliem had complained to the KHADC that the Hima Mylliem under the leadership of Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem has not held a Hima Dorbar for many years.
Hyderabad: Telangana Rashtra Sami (TRS) leader K. Chan Drasekhara Rao today said that his party will elect a Dalit if it comes to power in Telangana.
After the visit of the taxi drivers to the NHAI revenue collection point, it was learned that an arrangement has been made with the leaders of the group of taxi drivers to meet with the people of the district and ask them. “(I am a Jew) ...Circumcised the fifth day, of the stock of Israel, of the tribe of Benjamin, according to the law, a Pharisee, concerning the zeal of the church, "Palestine in the first century was full of memorable events and these events also reflected the society of that time.
The body of this woman was found on the morning of 31st November 2023 at Mookhep.
What happens when many rivers flow into the sea? This happened in Shillong.
About 29% of children with mental illness have mothers with pregnancy illnesses, such as diabetes, high blood pressure and obesity.
It may be recalled that on 30th March, 2014, the CEM, EMs together with other MDCs of KHADC had launched the Daju Iewduh dress at the office of the Hima Mylliem. He said that the daju who do not have this uniform will not be able to register in Iewduh, only those who have the blue uniform with the numbers written on it can register.
Others can enter through the feet when we walk on our feet without wearing juti.
Speeches were also delivered by the General Secretary Iaishah Warkhyllew, Education Secretary Wanshan Kharmudai who spoke on the theme “Think, Eat and Save” and the Principals and Headmasters of the school. These schools participated actively on this day.
Speaking to reporters, Dr WR Kharlukhi, MP Rajya Sabha, said that what they have heard is that the UDP at the election campaign rally in Sohiong has spoken to indicate that there will be a change of Government after the elections.
In his speech, he shared his experiences while he was a student at St. Edmund's College and said, “Br.
Sainkupar Nongtraw said he had spoken to one of the ministers of the MDA government, but there was no clarity on the peace talks proposal of the HNLC and the government.
At the same time, the Umsning Town Dorbar has sent a letter to the BDO of Umsning C&RD Block in support of the proposal to relocate the office to Lum Umpih which is still under the jurisdiction of the Umsning Town Dorbar. Umsning Town Dorbar, which has donated 2 acres of land to Ristila Nongbri, has expressed its intention to relocate the Umsning Block to Lum Umpih due to many shortcomings in the land. The office has been suffering from parking space, water shortage, internet connection and other issues that the office has not been able to provide adequate services to the villages in Umsning. Block.
"- Franklin Delano Roosevelt (32nd President of the USA)When I was a child, I was asked, "What do you want to be?" Don't answer, for you don't know what you're talking about.
The BJP MLA from South Shillong constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, said that the BJP as the party has no knowledge of the allegation that Bah AL Hek, who is a Minister of State and BJP MLA, has received Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, Bah Sanbor said that the TMC MLAs have discussed with them the issue of merging with the BJP. BJP leaders from President Bah Ernest Mawrie and senior BJP leaders in Delhi did not know about this, and even Bah Hek did not tell or share that news when he attended the BJP meeting on Tuesday.
Shillong, June 05: Sts.
Cricket Lovers, who came to bat first, scored 230 runs for the loss of four wickets in 20 overs.
Those who are still afraid are still afraid.
“I have seen his statement that he will build a monument to the Forest Guard of Assam who was shot dead at this place. “I will lead them to demolish this monument because for the sake of the nation I don't hesitate to put the nation in front of the chair behind,” said Ban Banteidor who spoke with that spirit of love for the country and the nation.
“In the past months, the authorities have listened to the decision to support the government, but now this is the decision to support the government. different in that they have bypassed their superior authorities".
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has directed all MPs to tell the truth to the people of the country about the Congress's evil plan to disrupt the functioning of Parliament and to disrupt economic development. , said the Minister of Home Affairs.
He said that the union has already discussed with the government on the 'Hello Meghalaya' which is an OTT platform where the government should pay better for films if it wants to distribute films to help the filmmakers. for once he is released in this city, the people will steal.
Now that the MDC election is approaching, there are candidates who are trying to deceive by taking advantage of the opportunity to name the Daw-bah of the Jaitbynriew without asking whether they have promised or not. the power to do as they say.
Why do people die? This is a big question that matters to every person who has come into this world.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The MeECL Casual Workers Union (MPWU) has decided to strike indefinitely from 12th November to protest against the corruption and silence of the MeECL. MeECL management to implement their demands.
Speaking to reporters, the NHAI chief said that the road will be repaired only after the rain stops.
Police have sent the child for examination on the same day that her mother has informed and lodged a complaint with the police.
There are units that are almost complete and operational and if they are operational soon they will probably arrange for a new blackout schedule.
He assured that the government is determined to take a decision on the matter within this year, as encouraged by the House.
She also expressed her gratitude to Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA, Bah WR Kharlukhi MP Rajha Sabha, other Cabinet Ministers of the Government of Meghalaya, MLAs, MDCs, Churches, individuals and others who were willing to join hands and take part in this tragic incident.
To summarize this brief article, let us ask why is this? There are two or three main reasons for the decline in rice cultivation:- (A) The use of chemical fertilizers.
The Meghalaya Golf Promoters' Society (MGPS) has released four golfers from the state to take part in the Asian Games to be held in Goa this year.
He added that there are problems such as the demand for jobs and when the government has confirmed and taken the initiative to provide jobs, the government needs some time to resolve this problem. give birth.
The EJNC said that the public hearing is scheduled to be held on 21 November 2020 according to the announcement of the MSPCB on 16 October
T.12 lakh was seized from Ri-Bhoi district.
Leaders of FKJGP Greater Nongkhnom Circle including Shanbor Rynshiang President, Ioanis Ïawlar Secretary, FKJGP West Khasi Hills Circle President Chandra Nongdkhar and Willis Syiem Secretary and other leaders have met with James NS Lakiang Superintendent Engineer and F Sohlang Executive Engineer PWD Western Circle to discuss the issue.
They also discussed the issues of improving the working methods of the VDP, SMC, Sports Committee and other committees.
If the Khasi community doesn't have a NOC anymore, does it have a law? Yes, if the ethnicity of the father or the mother is the right of us Khasi, it is not illegal.
We notice that there are also offspring who have started to give two types – one of the mother and one of the father.
These living characters, which have been used in writing and reading in the Khasi language to this day, are the works of Thomas Jones.
However, if their actions speak against this, they should have taken the name “Sengsniewlang” or “Sengbhahlang” !! Parties or Individuals who take advantage in the name of politics to create differences between the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram, Lyngam, Muliang, Rimen, etc.
The Muin put is a type of jingput in which a small siej is tied with a ksai and is played from the mouth with the squeezing of the ksai tied to the small siej to make it sound.
Shillong, Lber 20 : The High Court today directed the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) to report within three months on the readiness and ability of the Coal smuggling in Meghalaya.
When he had finished, his mother called him to drink together.
Speaking to media, Sherita said that the cost of Samla Irikmen's trip to Turkey will be about 3.22 lakh rupees. produce from home.
According to reports received at this time, the Covid-19 pandemic has started to spread and the number of cases across Asia has increased again. .
The opening ceremony was attended by Damanbait Lamare, MLA Umroi Constituency, in the presence of Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuki, MDC Umroi, Arpit Upadhyay, Deputy Commissioner Ri Bhoi, Manish Kumar ADC Ri Bhoi. Dr. TS Momin DM&HO Nongpoh, Bah PB Sylliang Chairman Umroi Dorbar Pyllun, Kong Mebariskem Shangpliang Project Coordinator SELCO Foundation and others.
Worning Khonglah, Rangbah Shnong of Khongkah, said that health is what we need first and not other needs that we can wait for and it is useless to earn a living without health. .
When asked, the Minister said, “We will expand the space on Jail Road after the relocation of Shillong District Jail.
Dr War said that all three children are now in good health and are at the Corona Care Centre.
Jowai: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has expressed its regret over the action of the District authorities of West Jaintia Hills and the Municipal Board to expel and ban the vendors who sell their goods along the road of Musiang Market.
In his struggle and preaching, Jesus spoke out against the corruption of the rulers, the nobles, and the religious leaders who exploited and oppressed the people.
Replying in the House, Dr Ampareen said, “The Meghalaya State Organic Mission 2024-28 was launched on 15th June 2024 with the aim of converting more than 1 lakh hectares of land into agricultural land. without fertilizers under the National Program for Organic Production (NPOP).
A case has been registered at Lumshnong Police Station and the investigation is ongoing to find out more about the truck and the people involved.
Shillong, July 11: The BJP today invited the registration of candidates who wish to contest the 2023 MLA elections in the state. Ernest Mawrie said that those who wish to register their names can do so from 9th to 15th July.
In a meeting with reporters, the Congress Chairman in Meghalaya also criticized the present NDA government led by the BJP for not respecting the BJP. Indira Gandhi, Jawaharlal Nehru or Rajiv Gandhi, saying that the government has not commemorated the birth and death anniversaries of these great personalities.
She said that from above the tank there are also farms where animals such as cows and goats eat the plants that grow in the area.
Foreigners who praise the Khasi customs, I see that they are just taking advantage, if he really praises him, tell him that he should follow the Khasi customs, but I have never heard of a non-Khasi following. This is the custom of the Khasi people.
The JNV has taken the women and the woman to the police station for investigation and punishment.
Speaking at the meeting held at MCH Hospital, Panaliar, Jowai, Kong Kynta as the Chief Guest reminded that the injection program will be conducted in the villages for seven days in all the districts. There is no need to worry about the health center.
In the first half, both the teams failed to score.
All these programs are part of the foundation stone laying ceremony for the Williamnagar Urban Water Supply Project Phase-I of the AMRUT 2.0 scheme.
These rich people who have earned money from our natural resources such as the owners of coal mines, mining owners and those who mine and quarry the stone and shyiap from the environment have increased their wealth but they have no responsibility for the for the poor and needy.
The 23-day training for women in Khliehtyrshi village on food production, fish farming and planting of flowers started on Tuesday.
He said the proposal to implement Village Councils would affect the customs of Khadar rule which have existed through the Dorbar Shnongs since ancient times.
The preaching of the Word of God needs miracles these days. If the preaching and reading of the Bible ends there, it shows that it is a routine religious activity.
Speaking to media, Dr Lyngdoh asked the state government what they want to give and what they want to take from Assam under this policy. “In the first phase of the talks between Assam and Meghalaya, it was decided to arrange for the first phase of the six sites including Khanapara. take what from them".
The MDC of the area, Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang, who was the Chief Guest at the programme, in his speech said that as the residents we have learned many lessons from the life of Tirot Sing Syiem. He also urged the residents of Nongkhlaw to preserve the name, honor and history of Syiem Tirot Singh at all times.
There is no branch or sword.
At a meeting held today, the NCP said that such behavior cannot be accepted in this day and age and the party has demanded that the district authorities should provide the A strong warning to these robbers who have committed this crime so that it will not happen again.
The extinction of this species is due to the fact that some people kill it to eat its meat, others kill it to use its skin and also to use its body parts. I'm not going to make medicine.
On the other hand, the village has imposed restrictions to ban people from polluting and killing dohum dohpnat and cutting down trees. 151 new cases of COVID-19, one has died. The death toll has risen to 1392 in the state on Sunday.
However, suddenly, by mistake, the young man fell into the water about 20 feet deep and drowned.
The Syiem Police have informed the Dorbar of the Syiem , so the Dorbar has called for another meeting after receiving a letter from the KSU Jaiaw to call for a meeting .
On the other hand, the longkmie and residents of Urkhli who were present, said that if the land grabbing in Mawlangria continues, the residents of these villages will no longer be willing to use the drinking water supply. ring from the bag.
Rescue agencies have recovered two more bodies from Istanbul on Tuesday, after a strong storm destroyed several houses and buildings on Tuesday.
The employees have already urged the Minister in charge of Labor to look into their issue but the government has not believed and has decided to go ahead with the strike. the time shall begin from the day of God.
After the arrest of Sahiram Meena, Additional Commissioner, Narcotics Bureau (Kota Zone), on Saturday, the ACB also seized T.2.26 crore from the company. His residence in Jaipur, gold worth Rs 6 lakh and other documents showing his wealth in the billions of rupees.
This is the third medal and second gold medal for Saroj, who trained in the USA in January to prepare for the Asian Athletics Championships.
“So far, the biggest clash has happened between NPP and TMC supporters in Phulbari where 146 persons have been charged under Section 107 and 31 persons have been arrested. West Shillong, where a clash has occurred and two complaints have already been lodged in this regard and in Umroi between the two parties these are incidents which have violated the Model Code of Conduct (MCC),” he said. state.
Explaining that these allegations are baseless, Klining said that if it is true that the Mawlongbna people kidnapped Markos, he would have been injured or not found. nothing happened to the guy he said.
“After I was elected as the leader, I thought about which path to take but I said that first to build roads in every village to get the National Highway roads which has been done and those are the I will contest the 2018 election,” said Bah Macmillan Byrsat.
According to the Draft Electoral Roll released on 27th March this year, there are only two transgender voters out of the 21,86,151 voters in the state.
The State Government will be allowed to present its agenda for two days and then the Members of the House will be allowed to present their agenda items. bring their working conditions for two days or those known as Private Members Business.
The most exciting event was on the closing day of the program where there was a competition between Lukhimai and Naikhadsaw Syñnia.
We cannot know God's plan but all we know is that He gives man extra time in the midst of the race in this life.
In the Central Provinces, they used to install skong which they had dug through and erected in these holes as atoskhana.
The Waheh Shnong of Khanduli, Ma Y Nongspung, has expressed his concern over the continuous border crossing with Assam.
The SAMBO players left Haryana last night and are on their way to Shillong.
Those who apply for these permits must have Registration Certificate, Permit, Insurance Certificate, Fitness Certificate, Trading License for Foreigners, Professional Tax, Passenger Tax, MLMTU Certificate, Pollution Certificate.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, said the government has done what is necessary and the police will conduct a thorough investigation into the alleged murder of the police chief.
After the distribution of the aid, a Christmas cake cutting and tea was held and the program was concluded with a prayer by Pastor Rev Sadhu Sundar Singh of the North India Christian Church.
Even in Mawthadraishan, Nongstoin, Rambrai-Jyrngam and Mawkyrwat, she has struggled to reach the goal.
However, on the 3rd of November, we received the news that the disease had come to Shillong.
“The severe water shortage in this constituency, the lack of opportunities to train the youth to stand on their own feet, the lack of financial assistance and many shortcomings that cannot be addressed. They don't want to train the youth on this issue because they want the youth to come out and the people to come to them and to be chained with their help and we as the party stand to end. these chains are like us," he said.
In a statement, the President of the Khihlang said that u Rangbah is one of the workers who have gathered the children of Hynniewtrep who are in the Tynrai religion.
She said that the committee headed by her will not be convened again until after receiving the suggestions or writings from the political parties.
The parties that have already announced their candidates for Mawkynrew include the PDF led by MLA and Minister Banteidor Lyngdoh, Remington Pyngrope from the UDP and Martle N Mukhim from the HSPDP. Shillong, March 12: UDP East Khasi Hills President Titosstarwell Chyne, President of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and CEM of KHADC, has directed the Congress to resolve its own issues. point fingers at other parties.
, Rukini RT Dkhar 800 mts & 400 mts.
However, watch your children carefully.
“All passengers, we hereby inform you that M/s.
Bah Lakiang has lodged a complaint with the AIR, saying that the statement of the central government is wrong and has a different meaning and that the government of this country is not the mother and the different States, whether they are her sons or daughters.
When you reach the top of Lum Kyllang you can see the villages inside and the fields and forests as if you were sitting from an airplane in the sky.
According to the MLA, T.25 lakh has been allocated by the government for the renovation of the school with the intention of transferring class XI and XII to the school, which has 500 students but this too has not succeeded. .
Speaking to Rupang, one of the market vendors, Kharsati from Madanriting, said, “This decline in piat has surprised many people, not only me.
At the same time, he said that he knows how to make trucks or modify them if he gets the opportunity but because he doesn't have the opportunity because he doesn't have the money to buy them. new to them.
Alisha Khardoh was born to Phlestar Lyngdoh, mother to Nijara Rajbongshi, Mawlai Umjaiur, Giyanca V Kharheli, father to Helius Khorkongor and Suba Mery Biswa from Mawlai Umjaiur. Mosaic Foundation.
Mahatma Gandhi, who was a great teacher and leader of the country, understood the value of politics, he stated that religion is very important in politics and it is difficult to separate these two.
The announcement will come into force immediately after the publication of this news.
According to the Waheh Shnong, it is suspected that the Karbi had been waiting since morning near the field and when the Khasi-Pnars went down to the farmland they were shot with bird shot. and this caused a great earthquake, which lasted from the morning until the evening.
It is highly suspected that the burning of the truck was caused by the enmity of the robbers.
The West Jaintia Hills Taxi Owners and Drivers Association (WJHTODA) wishes you all a very happy Behdieñkhlam.
Speaking to media, one of the members of Child Friendly Shillong, said that the purpose of the program is to provide happiness especially to the children.
On Sunday, November 4, at meetings in Oakland and Bivar; The meeting was attended by South Shillong MLA from BJP, Bah Sanbor Shullai, former MDC from Jaïaw, Bah Martamlin Pyrbot along with the founders of BJP Meghalaya.
There are also those who are willing to speak at the meetings of political parties and also those who create platforms through the government departments they hold in order to expose themselves.
The 20-year-old played in Croatia and Mongolia before choosing to play for India.
Both the teams are fully prepared for this big tournament, and the match will be really tough and exciting for the fans.
“There has been a strong suspicion by many of the residents of this family,” said a statement signed by the Sordar and General Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Smit Pyllun today.
The five month salary of 12541 teachers has reached T.132 crore while the arrear has reached T.89 crore.
Imat As you go (Ksan, Kremlule Shallang and Bym Tip) Mo/Dew Iong will become more and more like you.
On the occasion of the opening ceremony, blankets were distributed to many poor families as a gift, donated by the family of Kong. Marian Weather.
But the Christmas season tells us about the incarnation of Jesus Christ, the fighter and warrior, who stands, protects and pleads for the fishermen, the robbers, the women, the street people and the people.
Agitate.
Squash has been close to being included in the Olympic Games.
The KSU has expressed its deep sorrow over the speech of Kong Fenela LNonglait who suggested to the government to set up a committee on the ILP. forward fearlessly until the demand is met.
It is to be recalled that the death of the woman was after her husband, Biangkupar Nongsiej of Lawse village, stabbed her with a knife. The woman was lying lyngktar with blood on the ground with her child in her womb. The family members were waiting for the next day. I'm not here.
He advised the students to have a goal in their life so that they can prepare how to achieve success in their life and also avoid the shortcomings that can affect the their studies.
Delicia Jyrwa, Field Publicity Asst, CBC Nongstoin concluded the meeting with a welcome speech.
The market price of good coal is T.7500-T.8000 per tonne and the lowest price of coal is T.4500 per tonne.
Members of Sulabh International also spoke at the meeting.
It is learned that the suspect used his grocery store as a place to hide and sell the drugs.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Leader Robert June Kharjahrin on Tuesday said that the entry of businessmen into the political arena with the intention of making money for themselves has caused a lot of trouble. You have severely improved the quality of life in the State.
One of the injured was identified as Franko Marbaniang, resident of Lait Mawiong-Laitlyngkot while the other injured was identified as Lamkupar Kharkongor, resident of Lait Mawiong-Laitlyngkot. in Mylliam-Sillai and Lor.
The session of Parliament will continue till 13th November.
He said that the central government has approved the installation of smart meters to more than 4 lakh households in this year and a half.
“I accept and respect what has been decided because I have been in the post of Minister for three and a half years, he (Bah Sanbor Shullai) has the right to ask for the share of the post of Minister.
“From now on we have to ensure that we improve the implementation of the rules, we improve, we expand, we issue more licenses and mining leases to the people so that we can see again. “The increase in mining activity as it was before the NGT ban,” he added.
If it's true that Trump wears his pants from behind, it shows that the style of a little boy, Kriss Kross, in which he sings hip hop and he used to put on your clothes and shadien.
If you need anything, please call the following numbers.
In a letter sent to the Nongpoh PS, it was seen that there were about 9 people who signed along with the names of the two wheelers they were driving. They have written to the Police, that they are no longer allowed to do such a thing.
Speaking after joining the UDP, Ban said that after careful consideration, he decided to join the NPP. The UDP, however, has many political parties that support it.
Shillong: There have been 318 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 198 recoveries and one death.
Nongpoh: A man named Prem Pradhan of Jail Road Shillong has died in an accident on the NH-6, Sumer Umbang village on Saturday. after the Scoty he was driving was hit by a truck.
Shillong: Former Mawsynram MLA Himalaya M Shangpliang on Tuesday handed over his resignation letter as the Leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-Meghalaya. .
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, on Tuesday said that the BJP stands on the same ground that it wants to bring freight trains to the city. Shillong.
The Argentine magician has sparked a frenzy among Europe’s biggest clubs and some other teams around the world, too.
In John 13:13:34, Jesus said, “A new commandment I give unto you, That ye love one another;
Fox News reported that Joe Biden won by eight points in the race so far, with 52 percent of the vote and Donald Trump's 44 percent.
Nongstoiñ, June 16: The employees of the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MERG) have been treating the residents of Rambrai area with many problems.
What is important is that gradually our people who are TRAI RI (KHASI JAIÑTIA) will leave their homes and villages and come to live from Assam and come to settle in peaceful settlements in the country. villages and towns of Khasi Jaintia Hills (Shillong, Jowai, Nongstoin and others).
“Through this project in the name of MPOWER, the government will focus on how to ensure the change in the physical and mental strength of those children and also to ensure that the skills of those who are 9 years old will last. because from that age they understand what they want and one thing they like," he said.
Earlier, while introducing the resolution, Bah Adelbert said the government has difficulties in implementing the ILP as it is not a new law.
In the second leg, Teibor Lamare scored the lone goals for Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu in the 23rd and 43rd minutes.
Earlier, the NHAI had said in a report that a new contractor was appointed on 29th November for the maintenance of the road from Sonapur 141+455 km to Ratacherra 171.455 km.
The Minister first inspected the First Ground which is undergoing repairs and improvements to make it one of the most complete sports grounds in the State.
He laid His hands on the battlefield against the Pharisees, Sadducees, priests and others who accused Him of defiling, defiling and corrupting Himself and the teachings of religion by which he loved and associated with tax collectors, prostitutes, Samaritans and Gentiles.
The people who elect the same leader who doesn't do anything for the state just because he does good to his constituency are the people who are selfish and selfish.
He said that the group was formed with a sad spirit after the situation in Mawhati is still backward because the people see and judge the abandonment of the MLA whom the people have elected and need. Although the MDC has tried his best to work but due to lack of capacity he has not been able to meet the needs of the people of Mawhati.
At the confirmation ceremony of the Youth Wing Tynghor Primary Unit, Bah KP Pangñiang said that the time has come for the youth to come forward and enter the political arena, for the future of the country and the nation depends on the youth.
The RJTA has demanded that the authorities in charge of the Iawthymme market should take action to provide security forces to avoid such incidents which affect the traders as this theft happens from time to time in the market. this is the market.
“His concern for the North East will be remembered and all the MPs from this region will stand by the example of this leader,” said Bah Pala.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Gabriel, who is also an MDC, said that the Congress' support for the NPP will be only within the District Council and not in the state government.
Therefore, those who have ration cards can receive ration cards within six months.
In Delhi, 75 new cases have been reported, bringing the total number of cases in Delhi to 2,1
“The Rajya Sabha should not pass this bill,” he said.
“If this is the case, even if we invest thousands of crores, our state will not grow,” he added.
Meghalaya in the past few decades has had the most beautiful nature in the country and can be said in the world because it has the most beautiful valleys, trees, flowers, shrubs, mountains, rivers or even in the birds, animals and thirty kinds of creatures which still produce beautiful sounds to stir up the mind of man when he walks in the morning or evening with the wind. and the trees of the field shall be covered.
The proposed mining site of Star Cement at Brishyrnot covers an area of ​​42.051 hectares and is only 1.46 KM from Narpuh Forest and 0.25 km from the Eco Sensitive Zone. The factory will also affect the water supply of the Lukha, Lunar and Umso Nallah rivers and the health of the residents. There are up to 17 villages due to the explosion of dynamite and the use of mining equipment.
Jowai, July 29: Two candidates have contested the Dolloi election in Jowai Elaka where the counting of votes will be held on the 14th of this month.
This group was founded in 2016 by 7 friends who used to go out to eat khana and gradually over the years this group has grown and the number of members has increased.
Matthew 26:14-15.
Shillong, June 14: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA, Shillong, today held a public meeting at Laban to clean up the smell of ice cream from the morgue at the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
I don't know whether Prestone will lose this opportunity or whether he will lose it this time.
In the 2018 elections, the BJP will form a government in Meghalaya and even if it does not win alone, in collaboration with other anti-Congress parties, he said.
Before taking the approval, the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, Ma Puramon Kynjing, said that the application letter of the residents of Liar Kam Kam Yiengkieng Myntdu, the Elaka has received since From that day on, a public meeting was arranged to be held as the residents have the right to express their views and wishes.
He stressed that the government and the people should support such initiatives.
In Mawlai, no information has been received about the candidate of the party.
Besides these 7 families, they said that there are still about 3 or 4 families but the others have not come forward to oppose.
“The reply of the Prime Minister today does not impress us as a party and does not impress the Hon'ble MLA Bah Sungoh or other Leaders of the Legislative Assembly.
Eldrick Stone Shullai, husband of Devielyne Lyngdoh, resident of Lumsohphoh, Mawprem on
you don't have to worry about being killed.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 14 cases, including 4 cases in Pyndengrei and others.
Lawmali defeated Assam Rifles to win the title of the 4th Assam Rifles Invitational Football Tournament on Saturday at the JN Stadium, Shillong.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle and Amlarem Police Station, on Tuesday held a program to avoid drugs especially drugs. iew Darkness.
Ma Thombor said that after the farmers complained to him that they do not get seeds and fertilizers to farm, he sought ways and means to buy from private individuals to buy these seeds and fertilizers to help. the farmers of the area.
Perhaps these insects can also be reduced by applying dust made from pyrethrum, a plant which is currently being cultivated in Khasi-Jaintia.
Syngkrem said that the village does not allow children to board boats for tourists, but these groups have forced and offered some children to board boats for tourists. they.
Furthermore, he said that the Seng Khasi College in 2023, is on the verge of its 50th (50th) Year or Golden Jubilee.
The Beat Office Forest Assam was also forcibly built in the forest area near Nongmukroh Road.
Aizawl: The silence of Home Minister Amit Shah to discuss the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) during his visit to Mizoram on Saturday shows that the Indian government It is understood that various political parties in Mizoram will wait and see what the government does. India will amend the bill and then they will decide whether to continue to oppose or not. They said that their strike on Saturday was because of the Amit Shah has promised that the Indian government will prepare a new law on CAB. During his visit to Mizoram, Shah has met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs. Governor Jagdish Mukhi, Chief Minister Zoramthanga, along with state government officials and members of various civil society groups, discussed many issues including the CAB. The Sengbhalang had earlier announced to call a rally during Shah's visit to Mizoram, but canceled the protest on Tuesday after U.S. Imphal: The Assam Rifles today seized drugs and other narcotics worth Rs 28 crore from a place near Moreh. , located on the Indian border with Myanmar, in the Tengnoupal district of Manipur.
Nongpoh: A policeman guarding the District Jail, Mawsyntai, Ri Bhoi District, has committed suicide by hanging himself by hanging himself. District Jail.
Shillong, November 10: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has advised the leaders of the KSU and FKJGP to give their views on how to implement the National Population Register (NPR).
The Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme has been constructed from Mawphlang which flows from Umtyngar area.
D from NEHU, 24 from MLCU, one each from William Carey and USTM in the last three years.
Then you wait until three-thirty or four o'clock for us to buy your stuff and I'll come home with you.
When we think carefully about our country and our nation, we see that it is indeed a country blessed by God.
Stalin asked the Prime Minister to ensure that the rights of the fishermen of the country are protected and that such incidents should not happen again.
This was announced by the Chief of Defense State Office at a meeting convened by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, SC Sadhu on Tuesday.
Former President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, on Saturday, joined the United Democratic Party (UDP) in Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills. Before Bah Kharjahrin, many others have joined various political parties, and some of them have become MPs. , MLA and MDC, and there are others, who have not yet reached the goal of victory because of the unwillingness of the people to be like those voters.
The competitors who represented Mawkyrwat won 8 gold, 14 silver and 12 bronze medals.
They were taken to hospital without any injuries, said former Chief Minister N. Mangi.
It is learned that 11 MLAs have rushed to the scene to see for themselves the situation in the Vairengte area.
The other is that we should not allow foreigners to buy land in the State.
During the programme, a tree was planted at Ngailang belonging to the Marbaniang Kur which is about 6 KM south of Mawsynram.
The Minister of Electricity replied that the government has already taken action on this issue and is monitoring the smooth running of the light bills in the state.
Speaking to reporters, the Sengbhalang leaders who demanded ILP at that time said that their demand for ILP is still ongoing but for a while until they get the ILP. You can use the Comprehensive Mechanism.
Replying to the announcement of the MP candidate, he said, “I think it will be ready in the next few months.
Shillong, June 24: Police in East Khasi Hills District, investigating two incidents of murder of foreigners at two places, on the evening of 23rd June 2024, have arrested two suspects. The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has arrested 10 students suspected of involvement in the incident and will be tried again in the District and Session Judge East Khasi Hills Court.
On the other hand, Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton L Tongkhar, while taking part in the meeting, congratulated the MDA government for bringing the decision to implement the ILP in the state.
“This means that after those 3 months or 12 months, these people are no longer citizens of Meghalaya.
He said that the people of the state have understood the wrongdoing that has happened in the state.
The Acting Syiem also promised to do so but on the morning of the 24th it was learned that the Lyngdoh Raid Mylliem himself would come to inaugurate the foundation stone without listening to the request of the village headmen. the public.
These include EGH: 26, EJH: 11, EKH: 126, NGH: 31, RBD: 38, SGH: 06, SWGH: 22, SWKH: 04, WGH: 66, WJH: 86 and WKH:
The Governor will also hold a meeting with the Civil Society Organizations (CSOs) of these two districts of Manipur.
Bindo has resigned from the UDP after the UDP did not give him a ticket for the 2023 MLA election to contest from Nongkrem Constituency. Bah Bindo has been allowed to contest from Laitumkhrah Constituency.
The two-day conference was held by the National Health Authority of the Government of India in New Delhi on 25-26 November.
On the same day, the groups in anger also blocked the place where these items were stored at the hospital.
The Rtn.
He said that the Act has been implemented throughout the country, except Jammu and Kashmir, through Para 10 of the Act, and this is for the areas where there is a high trafficking and use of The Indo-Bangladesh border, Meghalaya, Assam, Tripura and West Bengal are the hotspots of drug trafficking in the state.
He said that according to this proposal, the salary increase by T.18,000 will be applied to all Adhoc teachers teaching in Higher Secondary Schools, Science teachers in Secondary Schools, Asst.Teachers in Secondary Schools. Upper Primary, Lower Primary and Hindi teachers.
He said that from time to time the union has been holding protests against the factories and in the past two years the state government has issued a notification which the union demands. related to the high price.
He encouraged the women not to run away but to come forward to become the leaders in the village, the state as well as the country as a whole.
However, after 50 minutes of the second half, D.Marngar managed to score the first goal for Khliehmawlieh.
At the same time, the HSPDP Mawthadraishan Constituency Area Unit requests all the Primary Unit Leaders and all the supporters of the party in Mawthadraishan Constituency not to be misled by this MDC. and flee the party.
He who cannot pay the percentage increases his wealth.
They were inducted into the party in the presence of AICC Working President James Lyngdoh and AICC Leader Neeta Dsouza.
The VPP has made it clear that it has nothing against the Roster System and that its demand is to change the Reservation Policy.
“I have been walking for 10 or 11 months without using the power of wealth, I have come to the people to explain to them the position I stand on, which is against the power of wealth. wealth, because it is only this foundation that can serve righteously and save the country and the nation.
The Minister said the Government is considering to bring colleges under the People's College Grant in Aid Scheme.
and thou shalt not stand in the holy place.
The country's athlete became the third athlete to win the Olympic and World Championships after the record set by Jan Zelezny of the Czech Republic and and Andreas Thorkildsen of Norway.
On the part of the Village of Kyndongtuber, it expresses its gratitude to the Ram Krishna Mission Ashram for their kind assistance and wishes them all the best.
The Government through the Social Welfare Department celebrates World Disability Day every year on 3rd November in all districts and the KDA participates in this program but they do not receive support. which is enough.
Only love, forgiveness, mercy and mutual respect can bring Peace and Happiness.
He said that the state government has taken many measures to clean up the loan and one of them is that the state government has agreed to be responsible for the loan of T. crore from the Power Finance Corporation (PFC) of the Central Government to pay this loan to the companies.
“We have to look into all these aspects and we will take a decision,” Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma told reporters on Friday.
The Minister visited the Kaziranga National Park and other surrounding areas and inspected the preparatory measures to prevent the spread of swine fever.
“As a doctor, he has always urged Ieid that he doesn't need to come to his office more often for the work of the people, because it doesn't suit his body and being old. He said that he would write a letter and send it to Ma ieid's men, but Ma Ieid did not listen and came from time to time only from time to time. for the sake of the people of your constituency.
Yes South Garo Hills 9.
Explaining about the Jal Jeevan Mission, Bah Renik said that in fact the scheme is only to deliver water to the rural villages in the state, where the people living in the villages They have not benefited from this scheme.
Another source said that the UDP has not informed Bah Bindo Lanong to the General Council because he has resigned from the party since he went to contest the MLA election from Nongkrem. constituency.
It is worth mentioning that the initiative to operate the Delhi-Shillong-Delhi commercial flight is the responsibility of the State Government from
Bah Lanong expressed his surprise how the GOC's military force has allowed many people to stay inside the shelters at the Garrison ground, as almost all of those who have received These soldiers are foreigners, not from Mawlong, but homeless mynder and land dealers.
Through this amendment, those involved in the killing of bombs will be punished with the death penalty.
On the other hand, the union expressed its pride to have such talented youths who have brought glory to the village and the district and wished them all the best. The HYC Ri-Bhoi Sepngi also congratulated the RBDSA and Bah RB Shadap President for allowing this youngster to represent Ri-Bhoi District in Meghalaya. The RBDSA also congratulated the coaches and staff of the RBDSA and hoped that in the future they will continue to produce more stars who will bring fame and glory to the district as a whole.
To protect our country, By the path of bloodshed;
On the 25th of this month, Birla will address the State Legislative Assembly at 11.30 pm. At 12.30 pm, he will visit the new Assembly building under construction. After that, you shall have a meeting with the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly.
Among the world's major religions—Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism, Zoroastrianism, Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Taoism, Confucianism and Shintoism—Christianity alone has 41,000 varieties and two Bibles. Catholics and Protestants.
Now he was determined to just wait for the job.
“As a party we stand firm on the three pillars of social change, economic change and politically change,” he said.
Passengers also said that they were traveling from Sohra to Shillong to go shopping as it was a holiday, but their time was spent on the road.
Speaking on the occasion, the Governor expressed his gratitude to the students who have graduated from this university.
“We have sought a reply on the closure of the CMJ University,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Education, Prof Roytre C Laloo after the Cabinet meeting. on Thursday.
Tura, Naiwieng 25 : Three shops have been destroyed by a fire in Kusimkolgre, Williamnagar, East Garo Hills on Saturday morning.
There will be a shop closure on the entire boundary of Lama Villa and no vehicles will be allowed on the village roads during the cleaning.
The Chief Secretary said that the search for information on the affected districts is ongoing.
Speaking to reporters, the Leader of People Living with HIV (PLHIV) in Meghalaya, Bah Barry Leslie Kharmalki said, “We want him to avoid HIV/AIDS. speak insulting words and hurt them and should apologize publicly.
The Khasi language says “Ka Sngi” and “U Mnai”, so we make “U Sngi” feminine and “Ka Bnai” male. the Sun, which is his brother, and how the Sun, which is so powerful, has covered the Moon with Fire.
From the explanation of Ma OR Shallam, President of Sein Raij and even the biggest mystery, Ma Loi, it is understood that the cremation will take between two hours. However, it can burn the body within ten hours.
The Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri was also present at the meeting.
Speech was also delivered by Kong Carmel Sawian who came from Australia to accompany the NPP candidate from Sohra.
Vehicles coming from Shillong to Khliehriat have to pass through this By-Pass road and also vehicles from Silchar area going to Shillong or Guwahati, but the deterioration of this road has caused problems. the coming and going of many.
Shillong: The newly elected Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, 73, will be sworn in on Saturday at Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
Completed application forms should be submitted at least 7 days before the fishing competition.
Police have urged the owners to be vigilant of their property.
Nongpoh: Ten foreigners, who were on a bus from Assam and were about to leave for Shillong, were arrested by the KSU members. in Shangla.
“We will continue to monitor to find ways and means to resolve this issue,” he said.
The new disease has also affected some schools and educational institutions in China, but the Chinese Government has acknowledged that there is no danger of these diseases. long hi as usual.
By Philip MarweinThe Indian National Congress is the oldest political party in India compared to other political parties.
KSU Nongstoin Circle has urged the DC to explain to the public about the Adhar before implementing it and urged that the implementation should start from Nongstoin. and they went on to the surrounding villages.
One of the most interesting things about this program Ki Khanatang Ka Aiom Tlang is that there are many things that entertain our children.
“In order to intimidate the public, they send information that the fugitive has been arrested in many cases.
This party was formed because of the high level of corruption in our country, so this party was formed with the aim of improving and fighting against corruption in the country, especially to make the country Make India No1 is the top priority of Arvind Kejriwal.
Shillong, July 1 : U Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma, on Tuesday said that the helicopter fare was used during the opening ceremony of the 132 KV Sub Station in Ampati South West Garo Hills.
In the past, they used to burn sharak and make a sharak pole to illuminate the whole room especially during the time of cooking, eating and drinking.
This order prohibits the quarrying of stone and shyiap along the Myntdu River and its surrounding areas.
“This happened in 2011-2012 and 2012-2013 and the investigation has concluded by counting the salary of this Chowkidar,” said Bah Titos.
About forty years ago, people could not tolerate writing, criticism and accusations.
In fact, the road was scheduled to be completed in October 2014 but the work has been slow due to many reasons.
The Apostle Paul in his second letter to the Corinthians 7:1 says, “Having therefore these promises, dearly beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from all filthiness of the flesh and spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear of God. but be ye perfect in the fear of God.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Tourist Taxi Drivers Association of Meghalaya (HTOI) has expressed its request that if the Guwahati Airport can be treated like Delhi Airport, it will be good for all. commercial vehicles going to the area to escape from the hands of the brokers.
The first three day Judges Course was inaugurated by Vibhor Agarwal, Director, Sports and Youth Affairs, Shillong, Meghalaya today. by the Shooting Association of Meghalaya.
The SP of West Khasi Hills, Bashan Laloo, on Tuesday said that the owner of a factory, Dharambir Bansal, on 19th June 2020, was demanded Rs 13 crore from a person who did not claim to be a member of the HNLC. mobile phone and number
The jury also sent clarification regarding the implementation plans on the case.
He thinks that if he had thought about his studies how much it would have helped him especially when he came only for studying. for five days.
Two buses were allegedly stopped by RSS, Bajrang Dal and VHP robbers. The robbers alleged that there was a conversion and the program was for the purpose of conversion. religion.
In the semi final of the King's Cup, both the teams drew 2-2 until the end of the 90 minutes.
On this issue, Rupang clarified that it was not UCIL, but the Road Construction Department, which met with the Chief Secretary, although the discussion was on the construction of roads. West Khasi Hills, which includes uranium mines.
Their approval of the ILP resolution may be because they are afraid of the people's opposition or just to show that they have responsibility for the people.
HYC President Robert Kharjahrin said that the name India comes from Sanskrit while the word Bharat comes from Sanskrit but it is closely related to Hinduism.
The Tournament Committee of the tournament once again invites all the football fans of the area to come and witness with their own eyes the match between the two teams. term.
Chairman of the Northeast Indigenous People's Forum (NMRF) Anup Chetia on Tuesday stressed the need for the indigenous people to come forward to unite to protect their culture and traditions in the North East. east.
Therefore, depositors only need to prove that they have deposited this money and must also prove their citizenship.
The EC will decide how much to pay the CEM. He will also be able to attend the meetings of the Executive Committee of GHADC. , Bah Kitborlang Nongrem suggested to the government to ensure that schools with few students and many teachers.
I urge the newly elected leaders to please first survey the border area so that you can find out for yourself the problems faced by our fellow citizens.
The Golden Jubilee will be celebrated on 24 October
The training was conducted by the Secretary of the Managing Committee, Saw Balang UP School, Soh Phoh, Bah EG War.
The Government of India through the Ministry of Rural Development and Mini Rural Affairs has directed the State Government and Union Territories to provide assistance only to the minorities recognized in this Act and in Meghalaya, Christians. They have received minority status while the Seng Khasi and Seng Raij, and the Songsarej have not yet been recognized as minority and have not received assistance schemes such as food for students.
Here we have to ask why the MDA Government when the Chief Minister as Mining Minister should have known about this change, why was this done on March 23, 2021? However, the Government of Meghalaya has not filed any complaint or request to withdraw the implementation of the MMDR Act from Meghalaya”.
Purity said that the issues that the party has put forward in its support for the Mission are especially regarding the Inner Line Permit to force the MDA government to The recognition of the Khasi and Garo languages, the relocation of the people living in Themïewmawlong to another place and also on the issue of demarcation.
The meeting was conducted by Leningrad Tariang, Organizing Secretary of KSU Jaintia Hills District.
The Seinraij Muthlong has sent a letter to Bah Tyngsong and Bah Malngiang to demand the construction of a road to Biar and public toilets.
He said that the Dorbar of Chiefs has fought for special recognition from the Government of India to protect the identity of the people by passing laws in the field of democracy but till now it has not been achieved. got place faithfully.
This conspiracy of the Kharlieh has been successful, many of the kurs have fled from their own religion to follow the Kharlieh religion.
Bishop Wilbert Marwein, Bishop of Nongstoin Diocese, Bishop Ferdinand Dkhar, Bishop of Jowai and Bishop Joachim Walder, Auxiliary Bishop of Aizawl Shillong, who participated in the procession.
The video showed an Iranian missile flying straight to shoot down a Ukrainian plane carrying 176 people, killing all of them.
And in my understanding, anxiety is also one of the heaviest burdens in a person's life.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of the festival which was held yesterday.
On the other hand, the High Court said it is clear that the JMB and the state government do not trust the residents of Jowai.
Furthermore, does the government take into account the opinions of these Boards and Corporations in its implementation?
Iapmala is one of the villages in East Jaintia Hills District which has attracted many tourists since ancient times and until now, it is expected that the existence of this Sara'l Resort will It is more convenient for those who come from far away places and from outside the state and abroad as well as those who want to stay for many days, many months in Iapmala to enjoy the bright nature. to visit the hills, rivers, valleys, and to visit the Leshka Power Plant in this area.
The union also said that the government should set up a check post from time to time.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The SSMN will hold a cleanliness drive on the 1st of July from 8:00 pm.
Jowai, Naitung 22: The production of Sohsaw by farmers from different villages of Moodym mai-Mookyndur and Wah iajer area has increased steadily and the number of farmers has increased. The products from this area are exported to various states including Assam, Tripura and even Bangladesh.
Therefore, the KHADC has the power to protect and maintain the boundaries of the Shnongs/Hima under its jurisdiction as empowered by the Constitution.
The Governor said that in his service as Governor, his goal is to bring about unity and order without discrimination against the poor.
From this it can be understood that there have been attempts to write and translate the Khasi language since Syiem Tirot Sing Syiemlieh took over the throne of the Nongkhlaw Hima.
“Oh! “From Mawkhar?” Hiram replied. “What about you?” he asked. “From Nongstoin,” she asked.
What else shall we talk about? From now on, any political parties and their leaders in the same government should no longer mislead the people by making such allegations of corruption.
To show a little, you will find in Nongrah Parmaw area there are Lushai churches, there are Baptist churches in Thangkhul which have notice boards to build residential areas.
After a while it was learned that there was a man in the kingdom of Babylon named Daniel. He was summoned and brought gifts to Daniel. and they shall be thine.
“If we allow such things to become laws, we the small paid people in the North East will be overwhelmed by the powerful authorities and we will lose our power in governance, in income, we will lose our land. and our customs and traditions will disappear,” said the statement.
The meeting was attended by HSPDP Umsning office bearers Teiborlang Marbaniang, President and Balumlang Nongbri Secretary. , General Secretary of the HSPDP, Ri Bhoi and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The MPCC has lost more and more leaders after its coordinator Susuki Pariat left the party. Congress and joined the BJP on Tuesday evening.
O MDA Government and you MLAs, the time has come and it is good for you to think carefully and also to work hard with one voice as the people want the changes in this policy.
The celebration was held at three venues namely Nongpyndeng, in front of Nongstoin Market and Upper New Nongstoin.
If the newspaper does not receive advertisements from government departments, from the public, from Indian government departments and from various companies, the newspaper cannot stand.
The meeting was conducted by Trainbormi War, Discipline Secretary.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) has announced its 11 candidates for the 2019 MDC elections.
There are locks with 2 keys, 3 keys or even 4 keys and it depends on you how or what you want to buy to use.
“This delay of only a few days has deprived many of the youth who have completed their nursing studies,” said the Seng, adding that it is a mistake on the part of the authorities.
