Jai Hind Jai Maharashtra.
In terms of sports, OM Roy Memorial Higher Secondary School recently concluded its football tournament by beating Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School 2-0 in the 2013 FIFA World Cup. final will be played on 12th November,
The incident occurred at Mauadeeh police station.
He said that the village has also sent a petition to look into other roads that need to connect from the village to other parts especially the road from Umsaw Nongbri through Umphing to Umden. Prestone directed the PWD Engineers to do whatever is necessary so that the work will start soon.
According to interviews with soh vendors in Motphran, Iewduh, the soh they sell including sohniamtra is imported from Sikkim, UP, Uttarakhand, Nagpur and other places.
In the accident, a 26-year-old man named Tutun Dhar, a resident of Mawbah, Shillong, died on the spot.
The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) has accepted the blue print of the government, but wants the government to accept some of its recommendations.
The farmers not only have that spirit of perseverance but they also know that the problems and challenges of us human beings come and go from time to time.
On the 3rd of June, Inter Kashi beat Shillong Lajong FC 1-0 in the first leg of the tournament in Shillong.
“We too can be removed, find out who, it is the duty of the Prime Minister to appoint and remove ministers, to appoint and remove who,” said Bah Rowel.
There are parts of the city where road maintenance is carried out all night even in the middle of the night due to power outages.
On the other hand, Ms Sabina appealed to the people of the state to congratulate and support her in this competition for the glory of the state and if she wins she will be the leader of the state. country to international competitions.
According to the School Education and Literacy Department, there are more than 86,000 out-of-school children in Jharkhand, with Dumka having the highest number of children. There were 15,249 children who dropped out of school.
Why do we become enemies of our fellow citizens before we drive out these enemies?
Sunshine Makri and his supporters were welcomed by UDP President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, General Secretary Dr. Jemino Mawthoh. other UDP MLAs and many others.
If the kings and rulers are idolaters who do not know the living God, God will destroy them.
The Minister in charge of Forest and Environment, James K Sangma on Tuesday visited Wah Lukha to inspect the soh pailen dam to revive the Lukha River, which has died due to acid water. jingtih mar underground.
Across India, 5,991 people have recovered from the coronavirus in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of recoveries to 1,35,2 to 1,33,632.
Date of birth accepted is for those born on 1st January 2007 and certificates must be recognized by the Government.
Not only that, he also named his children Nikon, Epson and Canon.
Shillong, November 13: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Saturday renovated its headquarters in Dehradun.
There are others who have been in office since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic and who are still working until they were terminated in November this year,” said Bah Kasperline.
Referring to the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said he could not inform anything on the decision taken, as there was an announcement of the mid-term elections in There are three Assembly constituencies in Meghalaya.
We also have to talk about the price of shop fees, because if the price is high, it will affect the trade of the people.
Assam has claimed that the area falls under the Mariani Forest Range of Jorhat district.
The school authorities rushed the injured student to Bethany Outreach Hospital for treatment.
This is the time for the villagers to show their ownership, but if they trust the State Government, it will probably clean up the land of Lumshnong.
“The Supreme Court has said that the Special Benches hearing suo-motu cases should set a date in advance if necessary.
Nongstoiñ: Police of Nongstoiñ Police Station, today 8th November, have arrested a man for allegedly raping two girls under the age of in one of the villages in West Khasi Hills District.
At the same time, the HYC has sent a complaint to the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC).
The union also warns other parents who often abuse and abuse the girls of the community and that they should not do such things and the union will not stand idly by, regarding the case of FKJGP Khliehriat Circle said that the FKJGP Khliehriat Circle will continue to fight until she gets her rights.
They lost 2-1 at home to Mohammedan SC, who won the title.
Speech was delivered by Dr.DD Lapang, who expressed his pleasure to take part in the opening ceremony of the Mawnongrim. He urged the people of the area to cooperate with the government for the development of the country.
In the fourth category, three students who scored 564 marks were Tanushree Acharjee of St. Margarets Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Ritam Deep Chowdhury of Sherwood School, Tura and Salrime M. Sangma of St. Margarets Higher Secondary School, Shillong. .Xavier's Secondary School, Tura.
Yesterday and today, there is no rain at all in these three places.
Therefore, regarding the border crossing of Assam in these areas of Khanapara and which are still under the jurisdiction of the Syiem of Raid Marwet, the union will also request RTI to find out about the land in these areas. Raid Marwet border area, as many of the areas in the area have been occupied by Assam.
His father also asked the people to support him for his son.
He said that the income of the people has declined significantly and in 2021-'22 it has declined to 1.8 percent.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: Former Mawsynram MLA HM Shangpliang has said that he has no regret even if he did not get the ticket to contest the Lok Sabha election 2024 from the National People's Party (NPP). ) but decided to work hard to ensure that the party candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh will win a glorious victory.
“There are 57 coal mining factories in Shallang, and out of these, 47 are operating illegally because they have not received any permits to operate and there is no name of the owners of them. industries," a government source said.
As soon as Rida saw her Niakha, she ran away and kissed her.
Many people have been killed and injured, homes, crops and livestock have been destroyed, human rights have been violated, economic development has come to a standstill. There are also many foreign citizens who don't have armaloi and don't have sap.
Therefore, there is a need for a committee headed by officers who have not been appointed,” said the Chief Minister after the Cabinet meeting.
Sojol Kharrymba won with 553 votes and Kantli Tangsang won with 209 votes.
When Adelbert introduced his own Bill to amend the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act, nearly half of the members of the Opposition and two senior VPP MLAs including President Ardent Basaiawmoit and Mawryngkneng MLA Heaving were present. Stone Kharpran, who left the Dorbar House.
These children are aged 6-18 years and are from Laskein Block, Thadlaskein and Jowai.
At the same time, Shillong received 23.6mm of rainfall while Umiam received 11.4mm.
The most important example of ridding your heart of corruption is when God created Adam and Eve and placed them in the garden of Eden with all kinds of fruit that they could eat. to eat you have put.
Smuggling and smuggling is still going on but not like before.
Arpit Uphadhyaya, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, said that on his part, as the DC of Ri Bhoi District, he will send the A team of investigators, headed by the Magistrate of RI Bhoi and also by officials of the Forest Department through the office of the DFO Divisional Forest.
The young Afghan MP was deported from Indira Gandhi Airport in Delhi on Saturday and came to Delhi from Istanbul on 20th July 2021 for medical treatment. , she said that she was not allowed to leave the airport, when she said that she did not go to apply for asylum from the Indian government, but to go for treatment.
Surprisingly, the farmers do not have to sell their produce at the Mawlai-Mawïong market.
This red wine contains antioxidants that can help to cleanse those terrible diseases that enter the body - those drugs that increase the blood circulation and pollute the blood vessels.
The tournament, organized by the All India Football Federation (AIFF) for the first time in the country, will start from November 5-13, 2021 in New Delhi.
Ltd Company of Khetri Kendubam, Sunapur and according to the challan, the company has produced only a country liquor brand called Bindass Country Spirit.
Shillong: The KHNAM has expressed its strong opposition to the proposal to name a zig-zag road as Ardendhu Choudhary Road.
In a statement, JNC Information Secretary Mebanteilang Sukhaliñ said that Deputy Commissioner Abhilash Baranwal has informed that the closure of the government office is due to lack of staff due to lack of salaries. and salary.
The other page reads – Special Holiday on the account of Rev.Thomas Jones Day in Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Ri Bhoi District.
For some, this disease and the closure of the dam is an opportunity to earn money while for many it is a big problem.
He said that the KHADC's plan to set up a medicinal plant and a training center on Khasi medicine and the plan to build this plant at Lumsohpet Bneng has allocated up to Tk. .133 Crores through the Central Government.
Shillong, Lber 17: UDP MLA from Mawlai Constituency, Bah Embhahlang Syiemlieh, today supported the bill raised by the MLA of Shella constituency on electricity supply. and Mawtawar transformers have been broken for about 3 to 4 years why MeECL cannot take action on this.
“The District Council cannot stand without the support of the state government and if there is no relationship between the government and the district council, the rule from the ground up will disappear if there is no respect for the district councils,” he said.
The fight between these teams was very interesting and fierce.
And these are the shisha.
The Delhi High Court today refused to grant bail to former Symbud Myntri Rangbah Manish Sisodia in connection with a corruption case against him in the Excise Department. Justice Dinesh Kumar Sharma has refused to grant bail to an AAP leader who was arrested on 26th June, saying the charges against him were false. had to be checked.
The stadium, which can accommodate 60,000 people, as a sports stadium, was empty as no one wanted to come to condole the death of the late leader.
The Meghalaya Athletics Association (MAA) has selected 37 athletes to represent the state in the 34th East Zone Athletics Championship to be held from the 17th to the 19th of this month. Kolkata, West Bengal.
There is no opposition, because in the Ri Bhoi area there are many tribal parents, because of their custom, they accept it. Against the women who have mynder, we should think better about the marriage of Khasi men by Dkhars because they have been able to knieh the rights of women and make pat as a license in Ri Khasi.
It is the source of power over the functioning of the brain.
When it comes to the opposite side, they never accept or like what is good.
Phrangki Buam is a former Shillong Lajong FC player who has joined FC Goa this season in the Indian Super League (ISL).
“Under Dr. Bishnoi, the police have endangered the life of the Prime Minister as well as the lives of many people who have gathered in front of the Prime Minister's office in Tura, " said the organization.
“We don't want to say anything about what was discussed at the meeting but I want to say that the government will appeal to the Supreme Court within 10-12 days against the appeal of the HPC,” he said.
Nongpoh, Naitung 13: As part of the opportunity to provide information to the students who come to study at the College, The Ri Bhoi Synod College, Umsaitsning on Tuesday opened the Library Room at the college.
“I wish this school to continue to grow,” said the BDO. Earlier, the OC of Mawryngkneng said that education is the most important thing in the life of an individual. in society.
Shillong: The discussion on the pollution of the Wah Umkhrah and Wah Umshyrpi, has come up in the House and on this issue, KHNAM, today, sent a petition, to the u Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of the State, in expressing his concern that these two rivers will disappear.
He also draws us closer to God and helps us to come closer to Him. Jesus told His disciples that it would be better for them if He left because the Holy Spirit would come and lead us to Him. you are all right.
We often appreciate the words “Give, and it shall be given unto you” (Luke 6:38) and it is on this basis that we see that everyone is encouraged, and many are trying to do this. good deeds from Christians and other faiths, Hindus, Muslims and other religions of the world.
Besides, he expressed his appreciation for the support of the community in this struggle and this shows the unity.
She works in the fields, she trades, She goes and comes around; The whole world is closed, She doesn't spread the disease.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
According to the residents of the village, the young woman is a well-known person and doesn't go outside, but she goes out every day to look after her brothers and sisters at home. The Matric examination has just ended in the past few days.
“However, the term of office of the District Councils may be extended due to the amendment of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. ", he added.
“The change of tone of the VPP has shaken their spirit and patriotism, and there is no confidence in this party,” said Bah Embhah.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills has been informed to provide emergency assistance.
The incarnation of Jesus, and His death on the cross, brought about the New Covenant because God no longer wanted to offer sacrifices for sins with the blood of animals but through the blood of Jesus Christ the Son of God once for all to forgive sins forever.
Dr Humsheer Singh Sethi, Senior Resident, was one of the radiologists to receive the award from abroad.
Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) Minister Harsimarat Kaur Badal has resigned from the NDA government this evening. The Farm Bill, which was decided to be implemented in Parliament in the current session.
Many children do not have the mental strength to read and go to school because they do not get nutritious food.
Tied again on the second day, Arunachal scored 148/4, 462 runs short of Meghalaya's first innings.
Deibormi Too, Youth Service Director Rtn.
“It is surprising that the Wild Elephants have received special protection under the laws of the Government of India but the Khasi people have not received special protection under the laws of the Government of India,” he said. Byrsat while speaking at a meeting of Chief Executive Members at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
He said that 30,000 students of the state who have just passed matriculation examination may face problems due to the decision of the CM to conduct the Central University Entrance Examination. I will fulfill this purpose.
Satwik and Chirag will face China's Xie Hao Nan and Zeng Wei Han in another match.
Of the 66 deaths in the past 24 hours, 32 were from Maharashtra, 16 from Gujarat, 10 from Madhya Pradesh, three from Uttar Pradesh, two from Tamil Nadu and Delhi and one from Karnataka.
Besides Conrad K. Sangma, Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun, Jirang MLA Victor Rani, Jirang MDC Bajop Pyngrope, Rambrai Jyrngam MDC and many others were also present. Throughout the day, the NPP has held a meeting to campaign for the election of Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, MP candidate from the NPP. NPP, also welcomed Sunmoon R. Marak, TMC candidate for the 2023 elections, together with his followers, who joined the NPP and gave their full support to the NPP. Speakers on the occasion, including Conrad K. Sangma, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun and others, urged the people of the area to give their full support to the NPP candidate. Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, who is in power, that if she wins, they will get many development projects for the benefit of the people in this area in Ri Bhoi and in the state itself. whole.
When the great picture was almost finished, only the picture of Christ and Judas remained – Leonardo looked at it and sat down quietly on the chair.
He understood that the HNLC has no future because of his leadership and decided to return to Shillong to surrender before the law, police said.
He said the government has launched a scheme where schools or spiritual organizations can take advantage of counseling to children especially in science subjects for those studying in class. IX and X. Earlier, Kong Roshan said that the Synod School has grown since its inception in the past 50 years.
“Your vote will bring about a big change not only in Tura or parts of Garo Hills, but in the state as a whole, because your decision should affect the formation of the government. “It's a new election,” said Conrad Kongkal Sangma to more than 5,000,000 people at the beginning of his election campaign in South Tura constituency.
It is very difficult to explain to us the Khasi people because there is a lot of trouble.
When asked where they live every day, these Bengali women said that some of them live in Themetor, Mawlong Market, some in Mawbah and some in Jhalupara.
Police vehicles were reportedly destroyed after police allegedly shot dead a disabled man who fled the scene yesterday after receiving a INSAS rifle of a policeman.
He said that no households below the poverty line (APL) will be given foodgrains.
They said that the people want the government to send other officers of the departments to visit the area to know the needs of the people and to conduct the training programs to learn how to implement.
He explained in detail about Maharishi Patanjali who first started Yoga more than a hundred years ago.
These include Bhagyakul Cluster 7, PWD Qtr Cleve Colony Cluster 2, Dukan Road Sohra Cluster 3, Golflink Cluster 2, Kharang Mawkynrew Cluster 18, Kynton U Mon Nongkrem Cluster 4, Laban Jumor Lane Cluster 4, Lomire Cluster Cluster 4, Lamaster Cluster 2, Madan Laban Cluster 4, Madanrting Cluster 2, Malki Cluster 2, Mawiong Nongneng Cluster 12, Mawroh Umsohkhlur Cluster 5, Mawtawar Cluster 5, Marlliem Cluem Cluem ew Pomlum Phc Cluster 2, Nehu Campus Cluster 3, Nongkseh Bl Iv Cluster 5, Nongthymmai Pohktieh Cluster 2, Parkan Shella Cluster 3, Pohkseh North 1 Cluster 3, Pohkseh West II Cluster 6, Returnee 36, Rimajah Clussar, Pynur Cluster Sanmer Pdengshnong Cluster 4, Thana Road Police Bazar Cluster 2, Thembasuk Cluster 2, Tyngnger Mawsynram Cluster 17, Tynriang Cluster 5, Umsyiem Pynursla Cluster 11, Upper Nongrim Hills Cluster 3, Upper Shillong Cluster
It is advised not to touch the items placed in public places or in any place such as in front of shops.
The UDP has not yet decided whom to support but it is understood that it will take part in the presidential election.
The NEIPF welcomes the Assam government's promptness to take this step to conduct an investigation through the Central Investigation Department.
Defense Minister Amit Shah has been monitoring the situation in Manipur.
The people of Khasi and Jaintia Hills have united to strengthen the NPP and we are confident of winning the most,” he said.
“You have expressed this thought to your mother...” asked Bah Let. “Yes, after my daughter agreed, yesterday I told Lok about what I was talking to my daughter about. .
There are 26 recoveries from the disease.
You have a patriotic spirit, You stand with a courageous spirit in the midst of war, To protect the future generations, You have dedicated your life to serve your country.
The P20 brings together the Speakers or Presiding Officers of the Parliaments of the G20 countries and the invited countries.
The closing ceremony was held on 11th November 2019, and the judges awarded prizes to the winners before the Secretary of RKM Ashrama, Sohra, spoke on the importance of Swamiji in these times.
He has done many good deeds to bring about change in Kashmir and Ladakh, which lost their statehood after the central government abolished Article 370 in 2019, and are now ruled by the government. between the Union Territories.
Only two teams from the SABA Sub-Zone will qualify for the FIBA ​​U16 Asian Championship 2023 to be held in Doha, Qatar from 17 to 24 November
Referring to the number of voters, the CEO said, “In terms of registered voters, the number of women has increased to 10.99%. There were 9,42416 female voters and 8,82330 male voters.
The Judicial Inquiry Commission under the chairmanship of Justice (Retd.) T.Vaiphei, which was set up to investigate the incident ha Mukroh on 22nd November last year, has questioned a witness on Thursday. .
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has urged the people of the state not to buy food items in advance as the government is ready to ensure the distribution of food items. and the Government is ready to curb the exploitation of vendors.
In Ukraine's first match, which they lost 2-0 to England; Ukraine, who lead the group with six goals after two games, will also prepare for the second leg of their away match against North Macedonia. on the 16th of July.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Shillong Round Table has selected Mohan Massar School in Mawprem for the construction of a school building and other necessities of the school.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: Members of the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar Shillong, have invited all the relatives from near and far to take part in the Kiew Pyneh Rngiew. to Lum Sopetbneng once a year, which will be held on the 5th of June
“In the fight against COVID-19, we have been able to provide food and drink to 200 poor children,” said Father Manbha. Childline has given them the opportunity to improve their lives.
At present, there are still about 780 villages affected by the floods and 0,591.85 hectares of crops have been damaged across Assam. The National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Tuesday arrested a close aide of Lawrence Bishnoi on charges of providing accommodation and protection to the ASDMA. aide of terrorists in connection with the attack on the Punjab Police headquarters last year.
The tourists who came from abroad, expressed their surprise to reach this place, which has to walk for about 10 hours on foot to climb the steep paths, and the paths that lead to the field.
The contractors said that only these old bills cannot be paid but the emergency has been implemented for the visit of the President of India. help them.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced that from midnight onwards, the entire India will be under a curfew that will be more strict than the Janta Curfew. for three consecutive weeks or 21 consecutive days.
From the bodies of these four persons, police recovered three demand letters, three collection receipts of the Hynniewtrep People Defense Alliance (HPDA), two donation receipt slips of the United States. Khasi Movement (UKM), two Donation Receipt Slips of the Federation of Khasi United People (FKUP), two Donation Receipt Slips of the Confederation of Meghalaya People (CMP), one Counterfoil Receipt Slip of the Khun Hynniewtrep Youth Council (KHYC), two Donation Receipt Slips of the Hynniewtrep Youth Region (HYR), one Scooty Apprilla number ML-05 Q 9828 and four mobile phones.
It is a type of drink that affects not only your health but in all aspects.
The success of the empowerment of 50 lakh street vendors in economic activities is the bright future of India's economic activities.
The state government will provide scooters to all the girls who have passed the first division of the board examination, even if they exceed 100,000, he said.
The SRS and NGOs of East Jaintia Hills District have expressed their satisfaction with the government's decision to import coal from Assam. East Jaintia Hills District, which is one of the districts in the Northeast, has the highest number of cases of Covid-1 .
On the other hand, the President of the Shooting Association of Meghalaya, Bah John F.Kharshiing said that SAM wants to develop the skills of the shooters by allowing those with disabilities to shoot. to participate in Para sports competitions.
Nagar and Aditya Singhania scored 42 runs and led Meghalaya to score more than 300 runs.
Ecuador scored two goals in the first half through a penalty in the 16th minute and a header in the 31st minute to beat Qatar.
The first question I have to ask is whether the government has been able to forgive the income tax collected by the central government, and that is the first question we have to ask this government. , said Mrs. Ampareen.
Edmund was rushed to Woodland Hospital, but his relatives shifted him to Guwahati for treatment.
At the same time, the court said that those who suffer from this disease not only suffer physically, but also have mental consequences.
God's law is bloodthirsty, to fight against it is sin.
John Kharshiing, President of the National Rifle Association of India (NRAI), has been elected as the Vice President of the National Rifle Association of India (NRAI) along with seven other vice presidents.
However, the inflow of funds from the Local Government is not much.
Bindo also recalled the coal mining policy, which the state government, had already approved, in 2012 and in that policy, he made it clear that “without talking to remove the crematoria” The reason, given by Bah Bindo, is because the coal mines in our State are small and it is not true, like in Dkhar, that they are large and can be mined. heavy machinery equipment.
The Catholic Church of Shillong, has expressed its strong opposition to the letter sent by the Special Police Department of Assam to all the Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police. of all districts in the state.
On the other hand, Fr Rocky, PRO of the Catholic Diocese of Jhabua, who is also a member of the All Christian Union Jhabua Forum, said that they have met with the Superintendent of Police and the Collector. There are two important meetings this month and therefore, they should provide strong protection.
Shillong: Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar today urged the Prime Minister to remove the CRPF posts from Umlaper village in Block II. Conrad K Sangma has sent more police to Ribhoi District.
It is also prohibited to write on walls, wave flags and place banners on private property without permission from the owners.
The meeting was conducted by Mr. P.Phawa, Asst.Research Officer, District Planning, WJH. and the beasts of the field, that they be not cut off from the earth.
He said the CPC has also decided to implement the Swahh Abhiyan from this year to clean up every Friday of the month.
In a petition sent to the Minister of Electricity, signed by Bipul Thangkhiew, President and General Secretary, OB Marbanniang, they said that the 33Kv Power Station is no longer able to provide the services. The residents of the District, have faced many problems due to the increasing power outages, therefore there is an urgent need to complete the 132 KV Power Station in Nongpoh.
Ma Lakhon said that Ma Obil has made a great contribution to the society as a leader and elder of the area.
Therefore, he starts with the small and ends with the large.
In the second half, both the teams tried to play well and showed all their skills on the pitch, but by the end of the match it was 2 -1 col.
The introduction of changes in a short period of time and the urgency of the Government has created a sense of distrust and doubt about the hidden intentions of the Government.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: Former Congress MLA from Ranikor, Martin M Danggo, on Tuesday said that former Congress MLA from Ranikor, Martin M Danggo, is a man who has turned his head. what he has done over the years.
In (Acts 20:28) it says that Jesus bought the church with His own blood.
He said that this will happen if Mamata Banerjee visits the state on her two-day visit from the 12th of this month.
As usual, this year too, the Raid Satpator will hold a Phor ceremony to thank God for the blessings he has bestowed upon us throughout the year.
He said that the freedom of the press is the most important thing in a democratic country.
Meanwhile, ICARE President Bah Toki Blah said the government should also look forward to empowering the Dorbar Shnongs and not only the Rangbah Shnongs.
As the number of crematoria has increased with the passing of the days, the MAA said that it is impossible to avoid or ignore any incidents and accidents.
He said that after the first bus leaves, another bus will follow after 15 minutes.
Fish farming is also available in many households but they have not strengthened it to become an industry.
Likewise, in this age of violence, hatred and bloodshed, this message gives us hope and I publish this message as follows: “Ka The position of Deputy Speaker of India may or may not be important to me, but I take this responsibility seriously and at the same time I respect this person for his righteous life. of them, not because they are high or high ranked.
The program was led by the President of the Sports Club, Bah Al Khongshei. Also present were the Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Raja L Suchen, local leaders Daya Lamare, the sports club, the elderly, the youth of Huroi and others.
Then the MLA of Shillong Constituency, who is also the Cabinet Minister of Assam, listened without speaking against the Chief Minister.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The women who passed the DSC examination for the post of GramSevak have decided to continue their strike after a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, Bah Peter S Dkhar did not satisfy them.
Victorealness is a retired Assistant Director of Nursing from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare who has received the Florence Nightingale Award 2021 in Delhi from the President of India, Droupadi. Murmurs.
He sent Syrpai to another school.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, Kong Deimebanda Blah, daughter-in-law of Dr DD Lapang, former Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Vice President of the Governing Body of Northern Ri Bhoi College and Secretary of the DD Lapang Foundation, Bah O Lyngskor, Vice President of the Governing Body of Northern Ri Bhoi College, Bah O Lyngskor, who is also one of the founders of the school. F Khyndeit, President, Secretary, Kong M Shylla, Principal, Nongtluh Higher Secondary School and other leaders and elders of Umden area.
Until now, it is not clear in what way the money was cut without the owner's knowledge.
This small village was established as the Civil Station of Khasi-Jaintia Hills in
On the other hand, these leaders encouraged the staff and management of the hospital not to lose heart so that this outbreak of COVID-19 will also be a lesson and a warning to the hospital. many sides.
In connection with this incident, police have arrested the driver identified as Laxmindar Gour from Narendrapur, Tripura and registered a case against him at Lumshnong PS under Case No.12(3)2023 u/s. 20(b)(ii)(c)/29 NDPS Act.
Shillong, 09 June: The three day Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar Shillong, will end tomorrow 10th June which started on Saturday 8th June 2017 at Shad Weiking, Jaiaw.
The victim was identified as Phibankyntiew Sun, 18 years old, who is studying in Class IX. of the death of this young woman this night, but only the body was found dead.
The SP of Ri Bhoi, said that the seizure of drugs was also under the leadership and direction of Dr. LR Bishnoi, DGP, who said that the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi is a The police of Ri Bhoi District need to remain vigilant and continue to fight against this drug trafficking.
In another development, Teiborlin Marweiñ from the Holy Cross Church will be ordained a Catholic Priest on the 21st of this month at Pyndengrei-Nongstoin by the Bishop of Nongstoin Diocese, Rt.
The Persian Marriage and Divorce Act, 1936, empowers the Court to decide who has the right to custody of the children in the event of divorce.
In his speech, Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar announced the great works of poet Soso Tham in the field of promoting Khasi writing and reading.
“We have done what we promised to do and in honor of the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma, he has released T.60 crore to pay (to the SSA teachers) what we have promised,” he said. said.
The Government of India has spent a lot of money and cannot be counted.
Nongpoh: Two women, Kaikha Saprina of Maikhuli village, along with Christina Mukhim of Jorbil Killing village, have been arrested for allegedly robbing the property of four people in the village. Iongkhuli, and the land owners of Lina Momin from Pillangkata, R. Martha, K Tunyi and the land of KV Rio, who are from Nagaland and who bought land in Pillangkata, Ri Bhoi. District.
Forms and detailed information can be obtained from the office bearers of the organization.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 6: With the passing of the days, the facts have become clear regarding the number of residents in the border areas with Assam who eat ar maloi.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Pynshngaiñ said that the Union of Village Authorities (UVDC) has wanted the Council to take action to implement the VAB as in Lum Jaintia. The council will write to the government to remind the council of its replies on the 12 issues requested by the MHA.
She said that the Government should also take action to clean and rehabilitate the rivers around the city especially the rivers and streams which have been completely polluted.
AHAM has also sent a copy of the complaint to the DMR, SDO Sohra for further investigation.
In a statement, MPCC General Secretary Sanjay Das said that the scheme introduced by the BJP government will threaten the stability of the country.
The union will send a letter to the Prime Minister demanding that he look into the problems faced by the people at the border and to immediately set up a police outpost in Mukroh, not in Barato.
“The fate of the state has been decided by foreigners from Delhi who don't know the problems of the people of this state.
Shillong, July 9: The Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuga Nathan, on Tuesday confirmed to the ARPA leaders that he will examine the old Village Administration Bill of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) including the provisions repealed by the PDF. Leaders of the All Regional Parties Alliance (ARPA) on Tuesday met with the Governor to challenge the VAB by directing the KHADC to amend the provisions of sub sections 8 and 16 of Section The ARPA handed over a letter to the Governor and the former VAB during their meeting.
Lyngdoh said that this expenditure is only for each candidate to contest the MDC election. There are 123 candidates in KHADC and 89 candidates in JHADC. this election.
He said that this initiative will help the students from different parts of the country to sit for the examinations as the examinations are conducted in 13 indigenous languages ​​instead of English or Hindi as usual.
“We are not government employees, and as a government it cannot hold us to the same laws as it does its employees.
According to information received by Rupang, Pratab is a foreigner who has been born in Mylliem for a long time and is the husband of Morlia Kharbuki.
In the past years, the struggle was between the ethnic parties and the Congress and after that came the BJP and the NPP. support.
Ampareen was responding to a question on the NPP's split in Ranikor, where supporters of the NPP candidate Martin M Danggo have decided to join the BJP. Ampareen said that in this election, it is not only the NPP candidate who has appeared after the announcement. The TMC candidate from Pynthorumkhrah did the same.
He also promised that as a former leader and leader, he will continue to participate in the activities of the party.
Dr Wadamika Lyngdoh, Assistant Food Analyst, together with the office, hope that by receiving this recognition from NABL, it will help the people of this state. The hope is that they will continue to provide better service through its receipt of this recognition and to achieve that goal as planned.
He was reportedly a resident of the nearby city of Ansan and had washed several 50,000-won (USD 42) notes in a washing machine. , they were completely lost and after that, he went to the bank to exchange these lost money.
Debjani Dey, General Manager, said that the Minister of Electricity has ordered the department to stop the blackout due to the Christmas and New Year celebrations and that there are also students who are preparing for the examination. Therefore, from 00:00 on the 22nd, the fire will not be turned off.
This road to Kyrshai should be cleaned as the residents have been facing difficulties in coming and going for many years, especially women who go to hospitals for checkup.
The Co-Chairman suggested to the WR Department to hold a meeting with the NEHU (Geography) Department, IIT-Guwahati, MLCU, as he has received information that NEHU has already prepared several report on the water supply in the state which can be assisted by the Water Resources Department.
However, the most important lesson that has come out of this incident in Jowai is the lessons we have learned from this incident.
The Rangbah Shnong of Sawmer, Moris Shabong, said that the body was first found by the Forest workers who were planning to build a well in the area.
Of course, it cannot be said that it is difficult to resolve this congestion and the reason is all the fault of the government from the beginning.
Many of the speakers on this occasion spoke about this very important issue in these days, where as women too have a great role to play in the use of technology through the power of technology. who helped shibuh eh in the work of the jam.
Explaining on this, Kharjahrin said that Article 7 of the Assam Cattle Preservation Bill 2021 states that any person who transports cattle (muid and cows) through Assam They should not ask permission from the Government of Assam.
The State Government through the Ministry of Education is still waiting to take action against schools with less than 10 students, although during the tenure of the previous Government, there was a plan to close down such schools. those schools with few students.
Ma S Quotient is a former journalist and editor of Jaintia Hills.
The Committee has directed the police to provide protection to the child and the family members of the child under the Integrated Child Protected Scheme. happiness and to give comfort.
“The most important thing is that those who marry those who have different religions or beliefs should not have a civil marriage,” said a statement from the DC office.
This, coupled with environmental challenges means that pilots and their navigators must be advanced in the field.
“I demand that the government should set up a Police Outpost in Mukroh and not in Barato because the victims are the border guards in Mukroh.
Shillong, Nailur 10: Tuesday will be the darkest day for 76 clothes vendors who used to sell clothes on Motphran Bridge, because according to them, the government will come to close down. They were not allowed to sell clothes on that day, because the Motphran Bridge is no longer safe for the people, and which could collapse at any time.
The Dorbar Shnong Tuberkmaishnong, East Jaintia Hills District on Monday elected the new Waheh Shnong of Tuberkmaishnong District.
“We have received word from one side of the party that they want us to join the Government.
The late MN Majaw was also a pioneer and worked hard to pass the Land Transfer Act which prohibited the sale of land or houses from Tribals to Non-Tribals and so on.
JOWAI: Palmmela Zosina Sungoh has won the title of the most beautiful woman in Narpuh Elaka at the 1st Miss Narpuh Contest organized by the Sonapyrdi Tourism & Economic Development Society ( STEDS).
On the other hand, Bah Brington Kharbani, President of the UDP Nongstoin Constituency and Vice President of the UDP, West Khasi Hills, while talking to reporters, said that the UDP Nongstoin Constituency has started to increase. He said this through his visit to the Primary Units.
JOWAI: The Society for Urban & Rural Empowerment (SURE) Jowai, for the benefit of the residents of Pynthorlangtein Village, West Jaintia Hills District, has conducted a Berkeley Composting Training at Pynthorlangtein Village on July , 2019.
To re-post the NEHU Act, Statutes and Ordinances on the Official Website of NEHU, to conduct regularly the Convocation, the Marking System, the inclusion of elected members of NEHUSU in the Academic Council, to consider The Educationally Backward Area Quota has been transferred from Block Level to Village Level.
As a witness to the damage, in the sohtrun field in Thamaram Tangkhul village, a group of journalists confirmed the loss and suffering of the farmers.
Various rituals are performed by the Langdoh along with the Wasan, Maji and Sangot.
He said the government through Water Resources has applied for two projects from the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) and the Asian Development Bank (ADB).
He said that he joined the UDP for one reason, because compared to the issues and principles of the UDP, it is not much different from the principles of the political parties.
“We would like to thank the DC office for taking the initiative to collect the names and arrange the land for us because if we cannot sell our products we will lose our income and this will affect our income and “It's my house,” said a woman who sells soh in Motphran.
Shillong: The Committee on Women Empower today held a meeting with the Secretary to the Ministry of Food and Civil Supply to urge the State Government to hold talks with the Central Government to extend the deadline for the incorporation of women. your ration and your Adhaar Card.
The Syiems should also have an understanding among themselves to avoid being attacked by other forces.
He said he was well aware of the situation in the area, as there are residents whose names are on the electoral rolls of Meghalaya and Assam.
Replying to this, the EM Elaka admitted that it is true that the elections could not be held but he promised inside the House that within six and a half years, the work will be completed.
Bah Metbah also urged everyone to have a spirit of unity, mutual respect and a spirit of service to others for the good of the country and the state.
He said that after the theft of the sumo, they went to investigate through the CCTV cameras at the Toll Gate, Pahammawlein and it was there that they saw that the sumo was passing through the toll gate. the Toll Gate at 1 pm.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Embhah Rymbai, President of Lamlynti Border Farm Society, said that the society was established in 2009 and has been making plates from dopkwai for a year.
A bridge has been built from Nonglyngdoh to Nongshyrkon, Porla and other places.
The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) on Tuesday cut off the electricity lines from about 100 households who are illegally occupying the land of the Shillong Cantonment Board (SCB) in Lum. Survey at the Fire and Emergency Station near Iewduh, Shillong.
These Regional Committees from both the States have also agreed to send their reports to their respective State Governments by April this year.
“This proposal to change the name from India to Bharat has no meaning but it is only to stir up trouble and will only confuse the people because in the Constitution of the country it is allowed to use these two names together. name" he said.
According to paragraph 2 of the Resolution of the Meghalaya State Reservation Policy 1972, if those 5 posts cannot be filled or there is no qualified candidate from Khasi-Jaintia in another recruitment year, those posts will be filled. According to Paragraph 2 of the Resolution of the Meghalaya State Resolution Policy 1972, the application from Khasi-Jaintia, Garo or OST cannot be exceeded. 90% of the vacant posts of MPSC in any recruitment year of MPSC. Therefore, the demand of ACHIK to fill all the vacant posts of Garo and Ost since 1972 of MPSC is groundless. neither shall any man sit down.
This work has gone on for a long time but it has not remained the same and it has changed from time to time.
Bah L Kharumnuid, Sordar of the Shnong, expressed his gratitude to the MLA for listening to the complaints of the residents due to the difficulty in delivering water to their farmland.
Sohra MLA Titossterwel Chyne, Sohra Hima Syiem, Paiem Freeman Singh Syiem and Rangbah Shnongs of the area today met with the Minister of State Deborah Marak to request the government to act quickly to solve the problem of this government college.
If the parties in the new government are not the same as those in the old government, the work done by the MDA government will continue.
The first match was between Power Grid and Sawmer, where Power Grid won the toss and elected to bat first.
“If this entry and exit point is set up, the Assam police will not be able to enter the Meghalaya area,” said Balawan Suchiang, Vice President KSU Laskein Circle.
Besides the fact that the salary is low and the government delays in releasing the salary on time from time to time, it puts the SSA teachers in dire straits.
Therefore, U Nongsaiñ Hima has listened to the complaint of the residents and has gone to find out the root cause of these four small vehicles to stop operating in these areas.
“The ECC will fight hard to ensure that all the 50 coal mining factories in Sutnga Elaka should be shut down as the existence of these factories does not benefit the people or the area. “It will only bring about the destruction of the environment,” he said.
Isn't it you, Dr Mukul, who has done all these things? The works you have done, the report you have prepared, the map you have given are the same and now if you blame it is like blaming yourself because we are not with your government in the time you prepare the report and submit it to the Government of Assam.
In the third match which started at 3 pm at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium, PFR FA beat Mawryngkneng SC by 2 goals.
Thirty hours after taking over as Director of the CBI, Alok Verma was reinstated today with the approval of a powerful committee headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Ri, who met tonight.
Speaking to media, Bah Tynsong said, “On the recent decision of the High Court on the Roster System, I think we don't need to hold a special session but when the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma has returned to Shillong. We will raise this issue at the Cabinet meeting and the MDA meeting and we will also hold an All Party Meeting to discuss and discuss this issue. ".
I am not against the use of technology, the internet.
Today, there was a heavy traffic jam in the area and the traffic jam was only on the road from Upper Shillong to Shillong while vehicles coming from Shillong to Sohra, Pynursla or West. The Khasi Hills, on the other hand, are running smoothly.
Furthermore, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, said that the Indigenous Parties are indeed those parties that want to develop the Indigenous people and know how to preserve the customs and traditions and especially for the sake of bringing about the growth of the state as a whole.
This violence by the police is a violation of human rights in which no one is allowed to live in peace and harmony with a change of heart.
The Congress should blame itself for its decline, a party that once got up to 400 seats, but now it has become so bad that it cannot even get a candidate to contest the elections. .
Of these, 112 were 18 years or older (66 males and 46 females), 18 were between 14 to 18 years of age (4 males and 14 females) and 4 were aged 5 to age (2 males and 2 females).
In this regard, the Deputy Commissioner promised to talk openly to protect the farmers of Mukroh village who are still in distress.
Speeches were delivered by former leaders of the party Michael N Syiem, Sounder S Cajee, Pastor Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh, Wallambok Syiemiong and Samuel B Jyrwa. that the spirit of the KSU has not disappeared from them, even though they are no longer members of the KSU.
In this incident, a fire broke out and burnt down four houses owned by Kong Ermon Nongkynrih in Mawbah village.
This thought strengthens and confirms the conclusion that even death on the cross could not shake, frighten and discourage Him and His disciples.
He also strongly criticized the extortion of excessive money from the owners of coal mines and also the smuggling of coal outside the State even without permission from the Central Government.
Shillong, July 27: The new office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) which has been in operation since last year has been left empty. The construction of the KHADC Dorbar Hall was started during the reign of KHUDA II under the leadership of Bah Pynshngain N Syiem.
He said that dozens of villages in the area have not yet had a mobile phone network.
However, he said that the display of the sign is very important because the family will be able to talk and be happy and comforted through this sign.
The VPP said it wants to know and the government should clarify how or in what form the rules have been changed so that it can award the tender to the private company.
It will be perhaps the first time in Meghalaya that there will be a strong conflict between the various parties as even within a day or two of the start of the registration of candidates, there is still a defection.
The order urged everyone to follow the guidelines of the state health department regarding social distancing.
She also took part in the North East Olympic Games 2022 to be held in Shillong in November 2022 and won a bronze medal in the Indian Round Mixed Team Event.
“The government needs a permanent solution to the problems.
The death toll in Spain in the past 24 hours has dropped slightly to 367, the lowest in four months.
However, the problem of the police is to identify the people involved in these kidnappings, rape and murder of women and children. these districts to provide assistance to women who are victims of violence whether at home or at work and so on.
Regarding the letter sent to the DC, the FKJGP and the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Byrnihat Area, said that the area is in danger, because of the people who come from They have been able to enter the area without being supervised by the authorities in Byrnihat.
A case has been registered and the investigation is ongoing.
Although there have been many challenges in the past years, the Forum hopes that the upcoming Peace Dialogue will bring about a clear purpose and its scope will include Rev Dr Edwin H Kharkongor, Secretary, KJCLF Shillong: The Prime Minister, Dr Edwin H Kharkongor, Secretary, KJCLF. Conrad K Sangma, today said that the relevant authorities will take the necessary part.
“She said the BJP has offered her a platform where she can continue to serve the people of the state even after her retirement.
Therefore, the government will take a decision after careful consideration,” said Rakkam.
As usual, most of the programs of Good News TV are broadcast on Local Cable for 10 hours and only once a month, but from 1st November 2022, they will be broadcast on Channel , and will now be broadcast 4 hours a day, starting in the morning with Devotions. This channel will also broadcast discussions on various topics, teachings from the Word of God, songs and messages from God's Word.
It used to be the custom that the winning side would dance and rejoice while the losing side would cry and leave sadly.
According to Fenela, Sonowal today promised to look into the report of the new GIS and invited her to meet him on Tuesday. to come and discuss this matter further.
With the construction of this road, it is expected that it will help a lot to avoid traffic jam in Sor Jowai.
On the other hand, the PDF has expressed its opposition to the proposal to bring a freight railway to the State.
The party has expressed its regret and regret over the negligence and silence of the government.
The withdrawal of the election came after the ruling MLAs, especially the Khasi MLAs, who threw themselves like a pyrthat rkhiang from the field to overthrow Dr Mukul Sangma, threw their sticks when they entered the election. The Dorbar is called the Ksan Rympei Rem Dorbar in the language of the Tymmen.
Mizoram has four points.
Regarding this demand, Bah Brington Buhai Lyngdoh, remembered the song composed by Bah Bremley, about Shillong, which was composed in Khasi and therefore, he sent for the translation of the song into Khasi. It was through this song that they went to listen to Indira Gandhi, in which the meaning of the song is that without Shillong, there is no meaning to get the It is through the power of this song that Shillong will fall into the Hill State.
If you want to meet, we are ready to meet you.
And the Prime Minister will say – Resolve your boundary disputes mutually and amicably – I mean that the Government of India (Centre) will do anything. it shall not interfere in border disputes between the States.
MPCC President Vincent H Pala said he had spoken in Parliament to demand that the Central Government should appoint a Boundary Commission. for to judge is not an easy task.
The polling station is a non-smoking zone.
Arunachal Pradesh in the reply did not manage to tied runs due to the early loss of wickets.
They are used by government departments and emergency services agencies to inform the public about disasters and to inform them in such cases.
So the chances of them arresting him again are slim," he added.
During the inspection, the road from Mawtawar to Nongkohlew to Mawsiatkhnam was also seen.
“It is not right to deprive the poor who should receive Modi's schemes as he has publicly announced through the media and in his Mann ki Baat speech," he said. .
In a statement, the President of FASTOM, Bah Diningroy Marwein, said that a letter on this issue has been sent to the Minister for action.
Prestone said the state has 11 chief ministers, starting with Captain Sangma, Darwin Diengdoh Pugh, Purno A Sangma and Dr Mukul Sangma. “10 Chief Ministers of the state have not done like this,” said Prestone.
There were also other awards and the award for the best dressed was won by Mankyrpang R Nongbri and for the women by Uniky Khongwar.
Donbok Dhar (3, 25), Pyrkhat Sumer (45, 56) and Chanmi Phawa (57) scored the goals.
Despite the high expenditure and low production of the council, the CEM stressed that this shortage of funds will encourage the MDC members to work together to win and fill the shortage of funds of the council.
The event started on Tuesday with 25 participants from all over India including from this state.
Dr Aman War has criticized the IIPH for alleging that the DHS(MI) has turned the Institute homeless by suddenly evicting the Institute on 27th June from the former NIFT Campus where the Principal Secretary of the Department. Health Minister Sampath Kumar also condemned the action of the DHS and expressed his regret over what happened.
In those years ago it was reported that one of our brave leaders had crossed the border with Assam, but it was a golden opportunity for Assam to move up to Khanduli. There was no village of Khanduli but they came to Saitsama.
The festivals of all religions fill the Colony with music.
Experiential tourism also means that those tourists use all their senses from the beauty of the face, the taste of the thylliej, the enjoyment of the behavior of the people in the place they visit and the smell of the air, the cleanliness of the rivers, the beauty of the mountains and the distance from the city.
Speaking about the opponents, Dennerby said: “We will play Italy, and it will be a tough game.
She also spoke about the Central Sector Scheme and said that through this scheme, two companies operating agricultural products known as the Farmers Producers Company. (FPC).
Ms A.Wahlang said that once the price of biscuits has started to fall, every month the price has fallen and this month from 20 tyngka it can drop to 40 tyngka.
It is also important to conduct an urgent and special census of farmers, labourers, domestic workers, market vendors and others in each District Headquarters and especially in Shillong.
Tamil Nadu has the highest number of cases with 34,867, Karnataka with 25,311, Maharashtra with 22,122, West Bengal with 17,883 and Kerala with 17,8 the Government of India.
Shillong, Nailar 22: A short film titled 'Hygiene – A Tradition' about the cleanliness of Mawlynnong village in East Khasi Hills, Meghalaya will be screened at the Woodpecker International Film Festival (WIFF) in Delhi.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Rangbah Shnongs of Meghalaya have started a march on the 16th of November around the Raj Bhawan residence of the Governor of Meghalaya. .
He added that for all those who have provided shelter or support to terrorists in the past, strict action will be taken against them according to the provisions of the law.
Superintending Engineer P Brojendro of Manipur Police Housing Corporation Limited, who has taken over the project, said, “The construction of the houses has started on 26th July. in five locations and we raced and accelerated to be able to finish as planned as quickly as possible.
In the rules of issuance, everyone knows that these companies need a NOC from the Superintendent of Police, they need a NOC from the KHADC and also a NOC from the Rangbah Shnong. All these agencies including the Superintendent of Police at that time.
He recently announced his retirement from politics after not getting a ticket to contest the Assembly elections in Karnataka.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Titos said that the SDO of Sohra Civil Sub Division has not yet convened a meeting to resolve the issue.
Sangma said this is an independent inquiry team headed by a retired judge of the High Court and to allege that he can disrupt the inquiry is like disrespecting them. to the office of the retired prosecutor who will head this group.
The foundation stone for the water supply project was laid in the presence of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Thomas Sangma, PHE Minister Marcuise Marak and MP Agatha K Sangma of the Lok Sabha.
“Many youths who drive two wheelers are more likely to get involved in accidents,” said Bah Syiem. you can't niah car.
“We cannot say how many people will join and when they will join but I will tell you that after November, they will leave the Congress,” said John Antonio.
It is not known when the project will be able to start production.
In the morning, the monks of this temple held a special prayer on “Peace”.
In this regard, these checkpoints operated only in Nelamangala near Bengaluru where the area was crowded and crowded,” said State Director General of Police Praveen Sood. .
There is also a story that during the reign of Kiang Nangbah, even after the British government had executed him, the struggle against the Dohlieh in the area continued.
According to him, the poor in the rural areas have been able to buy rice, but in the city they have to buy it all and pay the rent.
Referring to the Reservation Policy, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that there have been groups and individuals who have raised the issue and this could lead to bring us troubles, which we cannot fathom.
The program was held at the Composite Regional Centre, Shillong.
Due to the strength of modern technologies, the whole world is witnessing violent confrontations between Russia-Ukraine, which has been going on for almost two years now, and between Israel and the terrorist group Hamas from Palestine which began on Saturday.
Police of West Jaintia Hills District have damaged 9 bike silencers in the past few days. depth.
The meeting was also attended by the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma, Leader of the Opposition, Dr. Mukul Sangma, other members of the HPC including Dy.Speaker, Timothy D.Shira, Minister Transport Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar, PWD (Building) Minister Dasakhiat Lamare, East Shillong MLA Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA and PHE Minister Rebecca Suchiang, Chief Secretary and other officers.
The PA Sangma Medical College and Hospital was founded by the USTM and ERD Foundation and was inaugurated by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma at the USTM University grounds on 3rd March.
“We don't want such incidents to happen again.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 07: The FKJGP Mawliehbah Area Unit has expressed its regret over the failure of the contractors to complete the construction of the Mawiaban-Mawkadiang-Nongkaniang road which has been sanctioned by the Government of Meghalaya. and Blacktopping”, which is 2 km (4th-5th km) which has been funded by the Government of Meghalaya.
More than 68% of the loan accounts have been sanctioned to women and 22% of these loans have been given to new entrepreneurs who have never borrowed since the launch of the scheme.
The driver was rushed to Umsning CHC and later to NEIGRIHMS for further treatment.
Shillong: The Seiñ Kur Shadap Manar, East Jaintia Hills Narwan Hills, will hold its General Meeting on 05-10-2019 at 10:AM at the Community Hall of Narwan, East Jaintia Hills. to discuss the activities of the Kur especially in relation to the construction of the Statue of Syiem Latympang Shadap Manar at Lumtiniang Park (Mawtyrshiah).
The decision to end the conflict in the border area and restore peace came after a meeting between the two sides on 16th June at the BOP of Assam.
Referring to the government offices, he said that most of the employees are from outside the state, so the shortage of Khasi officers has caused us to suffer in all aspects.
Shillong: For the first time, the journey of fish farmers from Khasi Jaintia Hills has been announced to the world.
Syndai beat Nongtyngur SC 2-1
He is a prominent leader in India and has risen to the highest rank to hold the post of Speaker of the Lok Sabha as well as a Government Minister and even the Chief Minister of the state.
According to him, about 6-7 times the meetings have been held this year".
All are invited to attend the celebration which will be held at Don Bosco Youth Centre, Laitumkhrah today from 5 pm onwards.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation, Patharkhmah Circle, has issued a 12 hour warning to the Jio Network supervisors in Patharkhmah area, who have threatened to close down the offices of Jio employees if They cannot at the time specified by the organization.
Mackenzie was a commercial driver, but he later became a preacher.
From teachers, farmers, laborers, merchants, civil society groups and even church groups took part in politics.
On the other hand, all PWD roads in West Sikkim have been blocked due to landslides.
The child from Mawsaw village on the road from Nongstoin to Mawkyrwat is a student of Class X at Seven Sisters Secondary School, Domrua.
Dewbarlinda B Sangma, to Lindstorm K Marak, Headmaster, Rugapara Deficit Secondary.
Local MDC, OC of Jowai Police Station and Chief Guest Nujorki Sungoh delivered speeches and laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Museum of Syiem Latympang. In connection with the Silver Jubilee Celebration of the Seng Kur, the Local MLA promised to assist the Seng Kur as much as possible to achieve the goal of the Seng Kur. the Museum of Shadap Manar.
The Chairman of the Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC), Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises, Government of India, Manoj Kumar on Tuesday paid a two-day visit to the State – 13th and 14th of this month. to spread the 'Atmanirbhar Bharat' and 'Local to Global' campaign of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi to the remote areas of the North Eastern States.
Despite the heavy rain, hundreds of male and female dancers from childhood took part in the dance with the playing of ksing, dhah and tangmuri to thank the blessings of U Blei Three Kyrnad.
The days, the months, and the months come and go one after another.
Shillong: Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District today lodged a complaint with the EM of KHADC in charge of the Elaka Department, Bah Jambor War. and the state authorities have adopted the Hynniewtrep Constitution.
Ebanskhem Nongtdu scored the first goal for Ladthadlaboh in the 31st minute.
The 131st edition of the tournament saw India's legendary footballer Sunil Chhetri lead the team to win the Durand Trophy for the first time. eh.
During the inquiry, the HNYM leaders spoke to Bah Besterfield Shylla, Rangbah Shnong, who said that at present, there are two groups of ethnic groups from Louis Dohtdong, Bah Louis Dohtdong, said that according to the Rangbah Shnong, these ethnic groups from Manipur, They have stayed for a while, while Manipur has not yet reached peace, but when peace has reached, they will leave for their place of residence.
“Overall, this mobile phone addiction is more common among young children and young adults.
He said the Woodland Hospital has partnered with the Regional Blood Bank and the Pasteur Institute Shillong to donate blood.
We also hope that the majority of the people will not allow these illegal activities to take place in this election.
Peter not only heals, but he gives the tax collector back full life.
He admitted that there are people who have come to ask for money in these days to contest from other parties but he replied, “I don't have anything to do with the land of the people. your money".
After receiving information about the protesters, the police suspected that there might have been a bomb in the village, and immediately rushed to the scene but when they arrived they found only They have registered a case against him.
The epicenter of the quake was located in Ri Bhoi district at a latitude of 25.78 north and a longitude of 92.06 east.
Furthermore, Bah Wanphai Lyngdoh, said that from time to time they receive complaints from the public, regarding the presence of poachers who used to go and shoot wild animals in the forest. These six persons have been arrested for the purpose of protecting the 40 species of wildlife.
Shillong: Police have arrested Bah Joefreeson Jana, from his residence in Nongrah Nonglum, on suspicion of killing his two children.
The appointment of Thomas Sangma as the Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly came after former Speaker Metbah Lyngdoh resigned as the 4th Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
The Government will assist them in marketing their agricultural products as well as the Stree Shakti Self-Help Groups (SHGs).
Chibaral Sangma scored the first goal for Lumparing in the 32nd minute and Catherine Kharkongor scored the second goal in the 6th minute. Ephilis Khongwet (47') and Inri-la-i-dor Khongthaw (49', 67') scored another goal in the second half. term.
He said that the incident in Laimer where a child was killed in Umiam area has not been arrested yet.
Even the T.1000 tyngka honorium for the Covid-19 pandemic has not been allocated to the ASHAs and the authorities have said that they have not received an order to pay.
Shillong: The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) has urged the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board to expedite the AIR Testing to investigate the quality of the air emitted from the coal mining factory at Mookhep East. Jaintia Hills District.
The ceremony was attended by the residents of Mawryngkneng Village and was conducted by Bah Diban Nongpluh, Chairman Education Committee Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng.
Shortly after the blast, police conducted a search operation in the area to track down the robbers who tried to take their lives, but no arrests have been made so far. faithful to any spirit.
“We don't need any other political party to form a new government, because only the NPP alone can form a government because we will win more than 32 MLAs in this election. on the 27th of this month,” said Prestone.
Recently we celebrated the birthday of Mahatma Gandhi and on that day a cleanliness drive was held in several villages and townships of Shillong.
He will also visit Kalaichar Border Haat, Border Outposts and Anganwadi Centers during his visit to Mahendraganj on July 10,
We have seen the statement of Dr. Jemino General Secretary UDP, in the newspapers, that the UDP does not have two or three parties, but only one.
One day before fertilization, mix together the fertilizers (6 kg of mluh fertilizer, 7.5 kg of dpei fertilizer, 7.5 kg of shyiap fertilizer and 3.8 kg of skop kew).
According to the Bill, its members are full members of the village, must also be full residents of the State and belong to the Pnar, Khasi, War, Bhoi, Biate and Hmar ethnic groups. Village).
Some houses in Moodymmai, Ummulong, Sabhamuswang and Mihmyntdu.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has donated money to the Chief Minister's Relief Fund for COVID-1
Nkunku, 25, is currently in talks to join Chelsea, but has not yet been confirmed.
New Delhi: Senior BJP leader Murli Manohar Joshi will not contest the elections this time and will be replaced by Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Satyadev Pachauri. he went to Kanpur.
Shillong: "No decision has been taken yet," said Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, in response to a question sent by email today, asking whether he will contest MP or not in the 2019 elections.
As witnessed, the delay in the demarcation between Meghalaya and Assam in the last 40-50 years is due to the political struggle of the leaders in the government from time to time.
In fact, teachers from this country do not want to come to the North East for many reasons.
Speaking at the launch of the voter list by the Election Commission of East Khasi Hills at the DC office, Bah FR Kharkongor said that in the last MP elections, the number of voters The turnout has decreased significantly compared to the MLA elections but the lowest turnout is in the urban areas.
You see the children of the villages coming to study in Shillong.
He said the police initially could not do anything because of the large number of women and children.
The club said that the amount of money that has been increased significantly in connection with this project comes from the agreements with 20 participants in the expenditure of the club. being repaid over a period of between 5 and 24 years.
Before the opening ceremony, a program was held through the performances of the children who showed their talents, which God has given them.
The Regional Committee for the Demarcation of West Khasi Hills District was headed by Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Minister of PHE as Chairperson. , Deputy CEM, KHADC - Bah Bajop Pyngrope, MDC, Rambrai - Jyrngam, KHADC - and Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills District - Member Convenor.
Referring to the preparation of Bah Ronnie to contest the MP election, Dr. Lapang said that there is no order or requirement to give ticket, but it is his own desire to contest as a candidate. people you party.
Regarding the current incident, the Superintendent of Police, Nuh, Varun Singla, said that after the formation of the police team, the police have conducted raids on more than 300 places where there are association with these wanted criminals.
The package includes the improvement or expansion of the road to two lanes for a distance of 26-km, including the section affected by the recent landslide to Pynursla.
I'm from East Jaintia Hills District.
On the other hand, Bah Mayralborn Syiem and Dr.C Lyngdoh in their speeches said that the traditional medicine is more special in that the doctors have special knowledge to treat various diseases and That it is necessary to revive this traditional medicine even though many of the people have started to trust and go to doctors in various hospitals.
Expressing his gratitude to the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya for taking the decision to end the conflict in six places, he said, “Please don't misunderstand this demarcation, these protests, The protests were not only in Meghalaya but also in Assam.
At the same time, he said that another issue is the shortage of Higher Secondary Schools in the state and urged the Managing Committees of Secondary Schools to request the government to open Higher Secondary Schools.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today announced the government's determination to take all necessary measures to support the trained nurses to get jobs around the world.
The owner of the vehicle, a Dkhar, lives in Rynjah area while the vehicle was parked at the place of Kong Kharbani in Langkyrding.
She was directed by Shweta Rai Chamling for the Assamese film Emuthi Puthi.
Nongpoh, July 20:Residents from 16 villages in the Umroi area, today attended a meeting convened by the Seng Samla Umroi Pyllun (SSUP), which was held at the Dorbar Hall of the village. Death.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: U Martin M Danggo MLA of Ranikor on Tuesday distributed relief goods to the families affected by the natural disaster in Maheskhola area.
Last year, a woman from Mawlai was cheated of T.11 lakh by her Facebook friend Eric Jack who tricked her into sending expensive gifts.
And when he saw him, he ran unto him, and climbed up, and sat in the branches thereof.
What happened? The lapbah fell.
However, according to Xavi's recent statements in the media, the club has angered the club's management and has now decided to part ways with the former Spain midfielder.
The celebration was conducted by Bah PD Sangma, Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills.
Likewise, the help to provide such houses and shelter is a work that has the heart of that parents want to give good gifts come from the heart of God Himself as the Word of God. It is better to give than to receive.
In the Women's 100m freestyle, Jahnabi Kashyap of Assam won by three seconds ahead of Darshita Baruah (01:06.96). Manipur is not here.
“I will not resign as Chief Minister,” Manipur Chief Minister N Biren Singh said on Twitter.
Speaking to reporters, HSPDP President KP Pangiang and MLA from Rambrai Jyrngam constituency said that the incident happened on the 10th of June , this is the same incident that happened on the murder of Mukroh.
Not to show off or beautify but to ask what it has to say to us through His Word. God speaks to us through the voice of His Word. Yes, we can hear the voice. ) of God in different parts of our lives and in different ways in which God speaks but one of the ways in which God speaks to us is through His Word. to shape our relationship with God in our personal lives and in our relationships with others.
In the second session of the session, a discussion on the topic “Thomas Jones and his Contribution to Society” was held.
The winner received T.14,000 and a trophy while the runner-up received T.6,000 and a trophy.
Elsa Thomas – 9497277079, Dr.Sr.
There are more than 700 contractual employees working at the Shillong and Tura campuses of NEHU.
Only the youth have the power to say no to drugs and only then will we succeed.
The coronavirus has hit Tamil Nadu's Chennai, with 1,500 new cases as of Sunday.
“The compensation for the loss of land and crops will be paid in full by NEEPCO according to the latest market price,” he said.
He said that Byrnihat is close to Assam and there are many factories on both sides.
The bridge was constructed by the KHADC at a cost of T.20 lakh for the purpose of beautifying and attracting the people from all over the country during the Mawbynna Festival which will start on the 31st. October 2016 at Tynrai Village in Mawphlang.
Brazil beat Mexico 2-0 in the World Cup on Saturday, with Neymar scoring the first goal in the 51st minute and Roberto Firmino in the second minute. 88.
“At 10.30 pm on the 27th, my husband was taken to hospital.
“So you can see that in the NEC and DoNER, many states cannot spend the allocated funds because of the too many rules and regulations which I don't blame them and as I said, if the spending doesn't You cannot apply for JJM or IPMAY or Special Assistance on Capital Investment.
“I don't promise before the time and I will work for the welfare of the residents,” he said.
Meanwhile, when the people of Raid Tynring came near the KHADC, they closed the gate to prevent them from entering, and for a while there was a struggle to see who is stronger, but u Shillong, June 9: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has appealed to all BJP MLAs and MPs not to take subsidies from the local authorities. cold air(Gas cylinder).
At the same time, the district chief advised the vehicles passing through the bridge to be vigilant and to follow the rules of the Traffic Department when passing through the bridge to avoid accidents. any accidents until the repair is completed.
However, the bill also needs to be passed by the Rajya Sabha and receive the approval of the President before it becomes law.
He said that this imprisonment was after he attacked the British troops on June 4, 1829 which killed more than 60 British troops in the fighting for violating the Tirot Singh and David Scoot in those years.
Leaders of the Raid Buam & Environmental Protection Association including Donbok Buam, who is responsible for improving Krangshuri and attracting tourists from all over the country, were also present.
To date, the owners of about 3000 commercial vehicles under the banner of EKHLTWA have submitted their reply to the District Transport Officer (DTO), and also to the District Transport Officer (DTO). u Secretary of the Regional Transport Authority (RTA).
Shillong: The Khasi Kmie Festival will end today, 15th June 2019 at Lumpung Weiking Jaiaw, Shillong.
The JARF demands that the State Government should convene the three Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) of the state to appeal a review petition to the Supreme Court against its decision.
The reason is that in fact the Public Hearing was supposed to be held at a large pandal which was built for this purpose but was not held but was held at the hall of the Topcem office and was closed again. those who refuse to participate.
This is the sixth festival held at Wah Umtrew and which started today on the 12th and will end on the 14th of March. countries of the world, as well as from states that have already trained themselves.
“We demand that the KHADC should reconsider the proposal to remove the Laitkroh constituency in the upcoming MDC elections,” said Bah Paila.
Therefore, if we get the land, we will start construction of the bypass immediately,” he added.
However, in the 72nd minute, Laitkor scored another goal through Giovanni Syiemiong to give the team a two-goal lead.
There will also be a MyNEP competition which will also have a NEP theme. The competition will be held online ( www.mynep.
The khan also replied that it was enough for him to stay there.
He cited the example of providing electricity to 18,000 villages living in darkness.
Finally, we request all the young people not to be offended by these writings.
Shillong: During the fifth visit of the Finance Commission to Meghalaya, the Chairman of the Commission, NK Singh, said that Meghalaya has many challenges and advantages that can increase its income. state.
“The Dorbar Shnongs are the pillars of the village and they are also the pillars of the Jaidbynriew as a whole.
Shillong: The General Meeting of the Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers' Association (MUPSTA), Pynursla Block Unit will be held on the 5th June 2019 at the Dorbar Hall, Pynursla, Iewsoh at 11 am. morning.
" That's not the way if you're still looking for food.
The Secretary said that T.5,000/- has been allocated for each beneficiary and out of this amount, T.4,500/- has been allocated for the purchase of equipment while T.500/- has been allocated for the purchase of vehicles. each one receives help whether they come from near or from far away.
Birbor said that this action of the Assam police has caused 25 villagers to flee to the forest without food or drink for two months.
The army has taken over patrols in Itanagar and has shut down the internet across the state to curb the spread of false news.
The main purpose of this policy is to ensure that animals are not abused in the market and to meet their needs.
The company has yet to conduct soil tests at the site and once the report is received, they will start the project.
However, the differences of opinion within the synrop groups should be resolved through mutual understanding,” said the BJP MLA. for example, Nagaland where the NDPP and the BJP have worked together and won more than 37 seats.
In addition to entering Israeli homes and barracks, members of Hamas, considered a terrorist group, have also fired about 5,000 rockets to damage homes. households and other places in Israel.
The strike by the MTC employees started on July 27 and has continued till now.
When asked by the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh whether any Government land has been illegally occupied, the Minister said that there are some people who have tried to occupy and have left. “We have stood firm on the ground that these land belong to the Government”.
The state police department has urged the public to refrain from spreading rumors about the corona virus and if found guilty, the police will prosecute under the provisions of the Indian Penal Code. Code, Information Technology Act and under the National Disaster management Act.
At the same time, the JAC has expressed its surprise at the hasty action of the CEM of KHADC who is an MLA/MDC of Mawsynram constituency who issued the NOC only one day after his return from New Delhi. region.
In the last match in Shillong, Lajong beat Aizawl 2-1
The reason is that the Assam police demand money from the farmers and the demand is not only a small amount but tens of thousands and lakhs of rupees which has put the farmers in great trouble.
If we find, discover or see any shortcomings and shortcomings, isn't it our duty to improve? Why do we, instead of improving what they have done and leading the way, take advantage of their shortcomings? The song 'Ri Khasi Ri Khasi' The Third Khasi Reader written and composed by Dr. John Robert is not our patriotic song, and it is not what John Robert wrote to make it such a patriotic song. Your National Song.
A white Honda Jazz (ML-05-N 9494) collided with a footpath at Dhankheti near Bawri Mansion and overturned, police said. message.
If this widespread destruction of forests and neglect of water, rivers and fish continues, no doubt even the jakoid will become extinct.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the delay in the construction of the Shopping Complex at Lawmusiang is due to the delay in the preparation of the Detail Project Report (DPR). The Ministry of DoNER has allocated special funds for the project.
On the other hand, the leaders from Garo Hills have come and submitted their report on this and we too have to do this to know why we have not been welcomed in Garo Hills,” he added. more.
It is learned that while he was driving his car, a truck came and hit his car.
Another task of the State Planning Board is to conduct research on the shortcomings in many areas such as the dropout rate of children from primary to higher levels.
According to medical practices since ancient times, this disease occurs when there is severe inflammation and inflammation which affects the Nierbah and affects its ability to function properly.
On the other hand, Bah Ardent said that the government should set proper rules when giving approval to hold festivals because most of the festivals turn into disgraceful activities due to alcohol abuse, fighting and illegal activities. can be accepted.
The election campaign is getting worse every day.
Besides these three, Ajima Sangma has been selected as the standby player, while Baiahun Mylliemngap has been selected as the manager of the team.
To date, the total number of cows vaccinated is 5978.
Baskhembor Nongbet has escaped from the hands of the police.
Therefore, the Seng requests and urges the government and MeECL to repair these electricity lines as soon as possible.
Therefore, when you are in quarantine, you will not be as comfortable as you are at home but you will suffer from the challenges you face.
We cut down the trees that should not grow.
As soon as they climbed to the top of the hill, they became more and more numerous.
The Co-Chairman of the SDRC, Bah Process T Sawkmie, today held a meeting with the officials of the PHE department, as well as the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Mawiong Umjapung. Rangbah Shnong Bah Herman Dohtdong to discuss the water supply scheme worth more than T.24 crore since he became MLA of Mawlai at the Committee Hall of the Secretariat, Shillong on Tuesday. .
Although through RTI we have seen many vacant posts in government jobs (3367 as Bah DisparsingRani said), but the chance/opportunity for Khasi youth Jaintia to get these jobs is too little.
"The BJP is trying to enter the North East through the indigenous parties," said V Narayanasamy while talking to reporters in Shillong after a meeting with Congress party leaders.
“She has no intention of supporting the TMC or any other party.
Each club will play twice against another club.
NPP leader James, Conrad's brother, said Dr Mukul Sangma as an elderly man should carefully consider his words.
In East Jaintia Hills, there is no high risk.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Pangniang, said, “As the leaders together with the MLAs of the HSPDP, we have come together at this place to discuss how to form a new government in the state. We don't know where the MLAs have left for four hours and we don't know where they are.
Dr. Mukul said that the affected land owners and residents in the border areas affect all the people of the state and that is why all the people have opposed the MoU because the Meghalaya government has not walk in the path agreed upon by all during the border talks with Assam.
Shillong 7930012Date & Time:- 25-06-2019 at 11:00 AM.Shillong: Suboroto Cup match of East Khasi Hills Hills reached the final today at the JN Stadium, Shillong.
The Survey of India will look after the construction of houses for the workers around these villages, while the Government of Meghalaya will have to provide land for the construction of these houses, as well as water, electricity and others. item.
“We will hold a meeting of all the members including one in Khasi, Jaintia and Garo and here leaders from Delhi including government ministers will come to attend,” said Bah John Antonio. The BJP will be stronger in this state.
According to reports, Sana has decided to contest from any party in the 21-Tuber Constituency for the MDC election. Then, the end of the message from Thynda Sana.
And I said, Who art thou, Lord? And the Lord said, I am Jesus whom thou persecutest.
Let us do it for our children and grandchildren.
It may be recalled that Bah Spiton Kharakor is the author of the book KI KHUN KI KSIEW U Hynniewtrep which was the first to collect all the Khasi tribes and other interesting facts about the Khasi Hills.
The search for details is ongoing.
Publicity Secretary: Example Article
Regarding the parliamentary party of the Voice of the People Party held on 30th July 2023, it requests that the speech of the Governor should be in English and if the Governor cannot speak in English, The office of the Lamphang shall provide a translator for all speeches of the Governor.
He said that the family has given full confidence to the investigation into the death of their son which they cannot accept until now. It is not right for the family to investigate by the CBI which is independent so that the facts can be revealed that the family suspects that there is something wrong with the death of their son. , said Mr. Ruby Binong.
In the Men's Single, Kieffer Shullai defeated Kyrshan Thabah to win the title.
The spirit of true godliness has been broken by you, who sit in the highest places in the assembly.
According to police, the peon of the MLA, Anita G Momin, found at 12.30 pm that the CPU, keyboard and computer motherboard were missing.
Shillong Lajong FC and Langsning are currently in third and fourth place with 15 points each.
In the remaining minutes, the game was tense on both sides, but both sides failed to score.
However, although the rain has started to fill the Umïam Dam slowly, MeECL has not been able to count the time of the power outage.
A stuntman has been able to shock his girlfriend, who works as a nurse to treat corona patients, with the power of fire.
As the children of the Hynniewtrep people, we still need many people to be the Tiewpathai Khubor for the country and the nation.
“The Sohra Hima has also issued NOC to a foreigner from Bihar to prove that he is a citizen of Meghalaya to get a trading licence,” said Sordar Majai.
Justice BP Katakey also submitted the 14th Interim Report, in which he informed about the construction of the coke oven plant and the ferro alloy plant.
Bah Khyriem urged the people to support this demand of the parties so that it will be successful.
These measures also follow the belief of Article 13 of the United Nations Convention against Corruption which is “... the participation of society and the promotion of the active participation of persons and groups who do not are government bodies, such as civil society, private and civil society groups, in the prevention of and the fight against corruption and the provision of education to the public concerned with the existence, causes and intensity of risk of corrupt activities.
It is 62 km from Umiam to Jorabat and was constructed by Ms Ramky's company at a cost of T.536 crore.
Tejas will be directed by Ronnie Screwvala and will also be about the Indian Airforce.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the celebration of the National Day is a great honor for the Tribals and the Tribals should be proud of their land. shyiap which is the soul for their life.
Shillong, Lber 28: East Khasi Hills and North Garo Hills won the U-23 Women's Inter District Cricket Tournament on Monday.
According to the court, Talawiar U Sohpetbneng, by Bah LG Shullai, the Nongkhais became the rulers. The company was allowed to trade under the name, "The Governor and Company of Merchants of London Trading with the East Indies"
Shillong, November 3: After the resignation of seven MDCs from the mid-term MDC elections, u Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem today said that the District Council Affairs Minister (DDC) has issued a statement. HDR has asked whether HDR can tell from what source of law he can hold mid-term elections within six months and from what provisions of the 6th Schedule of India.
Therefore, the Third Temple is a SIGN to the world that those times are near.1 Peter 4:7
He said that the party does not want chaos or war but its main objective is to request the relevant authorities to reach a settlement in which peace will prevail.
However, God gave him only one test that he would not eat from the tree of knowledge (which was the law of God) at the time when he would die.
The letter was signed by JSM President Wellsong RD Siangshai and JSM General Secretary Suni Bareh. The letter was also handed over to the Manager of NHAI. The death toll has risen to 1323 in the state on Thursday.
Jowai: As part of the celebration of the National Sports Day 2022 on the 29th of this month, the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District will hold a Traditional Game Competition. The traditional sports games known as “Dat Moopoin” and “Iatan Tylle” (Tug of War) were held on that day.
Shillong: KHNAM MLA Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that he has held talks with five parties, which he can join if they accept the rules he has set.
Since the establishment of the school, many children have shown their talents and have brought fame and glory to the state in various sports.
How can the report be complete and independent when the IAS officer Sadhu who conducted the Magisterial Inquiry did not meet these women personally and the DSWO met in the evening at the Police Station? Station in the presence of police who showed signs of injury on the bodies of these women on 9th June
Irene said that the reason why the party has called for the curfew on Tuesday is to express its sympathy and protest. “We believe that it is the soul of a human being, or whether it is a foreigner or an animal,” said Irene.
The Prime Minister's vehicle can seat three people and its battery can run up to 273 miles per charge.
The winners of the tournament were: Fedrick Khongsit – Gold Obadaia Kelphung – Gold Mewanaibok Kharbuli – Gold Duren Mena – Gold Dorian Dean M Nongrum – Gold Ïarihun Nongkhlaw – Gold
She also said team members extracted information and content for sharing on the environment and the resources within it.
At the meeting, NPP supporters also held a Bike Rally.
On Tuesday, there were 254,981 cases and 1,173 deaths.
Home delivery is better than delivery.
Shillong: The HNYF, Shnongpdeng Unit has sent a letter to the BSF, Umpling, Shillong regarding some of the complaints it has received. illegal activities that have been violated in several Border areas of this area.
The employees of the marten immediately informed the village authorities and police.
As a family, she was in extreme poverty and deprivation.
Nongstoiñ, March 9: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Saturday confirmed the Nongjri Unit at Nongjri Village.
In the Mawryngkneng Super Cup, Nongdawah beat Sohlyngi 4-0 through goals from Nelson Mynsong in the 15th and 25th minutes and Wanshai Kkhar in the 50th and 67th minutes.
The deceased was from East Jaintia Hills District.
At the same time, special prizes were also awarded to the youngest children, where Richmon Kharshandi won the men's category and Rikynti Kharbuli won the women's category.
With the presence of EDNA Enterprise as a partner, it has also helped when the government was in the midst of the burden of the resignation of GVK EMRI and the operation of ambulances, which continues to this day.
The Minister said that on 22/2/21 a team of government officials, including Geology experts and officials from NEHU went to collect the stones and clay from Phutsyngkai village for study. The government will investigate and find out the cause of the uranium spill and the report will be sent to the government soon.
The right to wear, to wear and to live is the right to protection from violence.
In these days, it has been seen that there are many cases of the disease, including the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Government of India, the Ministry of Defence, the Office of the Governor and many other government departments. who have been severely affected, and who have suffered many diseases.
Diabetes tests were also conducted for the participants of the eye camp.
He urged the residents as well as the village leaders to maintain unity so that the good intentions of the village will be successful.
Anyone who is a nobleman, in English is called NOBLE :- In Khasi it is called KYNTHEM U KYNJAI. batteries.
This has been introduced in the Act for 2019 by the BJP Government. The BJP respects the feelings of the tribals and has brought about this release,” he said.
At the same time, he hopes that through their cooperation and understanding, they will soon be promoted to Co-operative Societies or large companies like the AMUL Factory in Gujarat which is run and owned by the farmers. .
Shillong: The President of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah Ernest Mawrie today urged the Meghalaya government to collect an account of the expenditure of MLAs of Rs 25 lakh. The Government has allocated the funds to provide assistance to the people affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
American Jessica Pegula has won the first round of Wimbledon.
The U-17 national team arrived in Augsburg on Friday and will prepare for its first match against the team on Thursday.
Those who have traveled abroad in the past few days please check yourself because you should understand that your responsibility will protect your family first and foremost. and the spirit is the same.
“There are many issues that are still being discussed with the HNLC and all of them are the same,” he said.
At the same time, Mukul said that there is a problem in which the small and medium coal miners have to face problems from now on and this will benefit the benami and traders.
The victim was identified as Babul Ali, resident of KB Road in North Lakhimpur.
If we listen to the voice of the people, we will send them to join the party but we have come with the party – the top leaders whom we want to understand why you decided to join this party. ," said the President.
Those who criticize should remember that the VPP has already raised the issue of changing the Reservation Policy during the elections.
Lajong have 11 points from 18 games in the I-League and are at the bottom of the table.
According to the notification issued by the District Council, the Lukha River and other rivers in Jaintia Hills have been auctioned.
The CCIB today submitted a petition to the Minister of Border Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong demanding that a new line should be built before the signboard is erected. before the new line allocation.
Therefore, the excess money will be used to build poor houses for those who are most in need,” he said.
PUBG has been banned since last year after a clash between Indian and Chinese troops in the Galwan area.
Teddy Bang scored the goals in the 64' and Wadajied Ryngkhlem in the 90'+1
All these are the shortcomings of the Constitution of India, what is behind the Indian authorities' refusal to recognize after sending so many resolutions from the Meghalaya Assembly? Why doesn't the Meghalaya Assembly vote? Isn't Meghalaya part of India? When I have difficulty speaking Hindi, why is it difficult for India to recognize the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution of India? Article 338A is necessary to be amended as part of the rights of the indigenous peoples of India to express their rights. ethnic groups in many different States of India.
Nongpoh: Two persons have been arrested by the Pillangakata Police Outpost in connection with the theft of equipment from the Airtel Tower in Lalmati village near Pillangkata. that they were involved in the theft.
In fact, Niaw Wasa should have scored from the penalty spot in the 18th minute, but Lamurong missed the opportunity.
Shillong, Nailur 15: U Bah Marphalangki Shullai has lodged a complaint at Mawlai Police Station that the wheels of his vehicle have been stolen and robbers have broken one of the wheels into the sanium. at midnight on the 12th of this month.
“We have not protected and cared for the environment, which has resulted in death and pollution of rivers and streams that the National Green Tribunal (NGT) has banned coal mining in the state,” said Kyrmen Shylla. at the opening ceremony of the Datsimpein Dorbar Hall, Ladrymbai on Saturday.
When asked how he feels about the UDP's expression of the Lamphang seat, Prestone said it doesn't matter because any party in the MDA can do it. The MDA will hold a meeting to decide on this issue.
After that, there was another difference of opinion in the APHLC and Bah GG Swell who was elected as MP to the Lok Sabha formed the PDIC party which soon disappeared because there were no leaders. skilled and able to expand the organization.
In the women's final, Little Stars (Mairang Block) beat Nongshillong School (Mawthadraishan Block) 5-0
The department also hopes that in collaboration with the MSOA together with the Edge10 Group, they will be able to develop sports in the state by encouraging and opening up opportunities for athletes to participate in tournaments. of the countries of the world.
The lesson we learn from this story is – The wages of sin is death.
To stand on its own feet and to maintain the reservation policy, because it was the ancestors who fought for their own state.
Nongpoh: A group of unidentified robbers have robbed an ATM machine of SBI Umroi Branch at Umroi, Umroi, this morning at around 2 pm. The robbers also stole up to T.3.15 lakh from the ATM machine.
Titosstarwell said he was surprised to see that Bah Pynïaid was dressed in blue while he was dressed in white, but he hoped that this was just a pleasure.
In this regard, the BJYM will conduct a public hearing so that the people can know about the schemes that will benefit them.
Rupang today spoke face to face with the relatives of the deceased to learn more about the incident.
He said that the Executive Committee will continue to strengthen the department and expects that the revenue from this building permit will increase the income of the Council.
The electric post is also located near Mukhaialong Secondary School.
We are still looking into this issue,” said Bah Nongrum.
Almost all political parties raise this issue.
The Women's League was organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA).
Mumbai City FC have won a record of 15 centuries, including unbeaten in 18 games, with Jahouh helping Mumbai win the League Winners' Shield twice out of three. century.
July 17, 2020: Winner Group B (South Zone Qualifiers) vs West Bengal.
(Genesis 10).
Grace stirred up and awakened Zacchaeus and Nicodemus until they repented.
“Perhaps there may be a way but on our part, we have decided that the next election will be held in 2024,” he said.
He said this at the opening of the AITC office at Tikrikilla, West Garo Hills today.
In this regard, all political parties have been directed to ensure that all these foreign voters who are not voters of the constituency leave their constituencies before 4 pm. on June 25, 2023.
Shillong, June 22: U Pa'iem Ricky Nelson Syiem, Shillong, on Tuesday said, “I don't want to be the Syiem for only one or two years. or only a few months, but I want to be King while I am alive on earth so I have to follow the rules and regulations and I understand that if I don't I will not be able to The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ricky Nelson Syiem, has said that he will take over the throne of Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem who has been suspended from the KHADC. Iem Ricky said that the Hima Mylliem is a Hima that has been destroyed, as it is now and that is why he has come forward in the past years to contest the elections for the election of Syiem. “But God didn't allow me at that time, now he has allowed me to take over the throne and I will run all the affairs of the Hima and I will bring back the name and glory of the Hima Mylliem. “It's a bloodbath of Ri Khasi,” said Pa'iem Ricky.
The incident happened on the night of the 14th of this month due to heavy rainfall when the well and the kitchen of Kong Jopcy Wanniang collapsed and collapsed. the school.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 13: Members of the RBYF Umran Unit this morning arrested 14 persons from the state who came to enter the state without permits through a mobile vehicle number AS. 01 PC 3780 who are on their way to Shillong.
Shillong: When a reporter tried to find out the opportunity provided by the MBOSE to the students who wrote the class 10 and 12 examination, conducted by the board, for those who did not pass. , said that the board has allowed the students to rewrite only those subjects which they cannot pass as Compartmental Candidates and has also allowed the students to rewrite the subjects they wish. to improve your mark.
Health authorities said 179 passengers arrived on flight YU-661, which landed at 1.30pm on Tuesday.
The BJP Meghalaya Mahila Morcha has strongly condemned the incident of rape of an indigenous woman in Belgavi, Karnataka, saying it is an unacceptable act of brutality.
Shillong, June 01: The Cabinet meeting on Tuesday approved the appointment of an Administrator in the KHADC as it had decided earlier.
He said there should be a close relationship between the government and the district councils.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: Ten cyclists from Meghalaya who participated in the 6th National Level MTB Tawang Cycling Competition have won medals.
In this regard, the Government said that these laws of Meghalaya affect the movement of the people as Meghalaya is a state where the vehicles of the North East The east passes through.
HFU Central Body President Commander Shangpliang and General Secretary Allfonbirth Kharsyntiew today met with Conrad Sangma at his office and presented seven demands. for the development of agriculture in the state as a whole.
There were also statements that this action of the VPP will create ethnic differences between the Khasi and Garo.
“Just because we don't have money doesn't mean we should stop doing anything.
Jowai, Jymmang 10: U Ma Singh Mulieh, MLA of Jowai Assembly Constituency, passed away at his residence in Iongpiah, Jowai this morning at about 5 pm.
The delay in the implementation of the ILP and the recognition of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​under Article 5 of the Constitution of India is due to the government's lack of will,” said KSU President Lambokstarwell. Marngar while speaking to media after laying wreath at the monument of Bah (L) Bull N Lyngdoh as part of the commemoration of the 28th anniversary of his death.
The Government has also approved the amendment of the Meghalaya Construction Welfare Board Bill, 2006 which has introduced amendments to the provisions including the establishment of the Meghalaya Building and Other Construction Welfare Board.
The deaths include Donia Khyriem, 59, from Mawkriah, MB Salim, 72, Mawbah, Dran Lyngkhoi, Minati Chakraboty, 74, of Laban, last stop.
Sangma also alleged that the actions of the MDA Government have upset many people, whether it is in many of the assistance that the people should receive such as in the field of health and others.
The XIX Annual Youth Convention 2021 was held on 10-12 November at Pamrakmai Church, East Jaintia Hills District.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Tuesday announced a financial assistance of Rs 10 lakh for the families of a 16-year-old girl who was stabbed to death by her own boyfriend in Shahbad Dairy is located in Delhi.
“Son you are a smart lane”.
Dr Mukul Sangma has contested from two constituencies, Ampati and Songsak and won from both constituencies. The TMC has announced its candidates for this election including A. Andrew Shullai from Jowai, Lasting Suchiang from Mookaiaw, Sunida Bareh from Khliehriat, Dr Saralin Dorphang. of Mawhati, Sunmoon D. Marak Jirang, Gilbert Nongrum Umsning, George B. Lyngdoh (MLA) Umroi, Banshanlang Lawai Mawryngkneng, Samborlang Diengdoh Pynthorumkhrah, Elgiva Gwyneth Rynjah Guidingstar Laloo Mylliem, Charles Pyngrope (MLA) Nongthymmai, Joannes Jefferson Tyler Lamphrang Lamare Nongkrem, Stodingstar Thabah Sohiong, Mawkordor Rynjah Mawphlang, Vincent T.Sangma Mawsynram, Playness Khiewtam Shella, Edmund Khongngai Pynursla, Don Khongre Mackyn Sorhwrangla, Kharbani Nongstoin, Fernandez S.Dkhar Rambrai-Jyrngam, Justine G.Momin Mawshynrut, Savio Phrangsngi Dkhar Ranikor, Sounder S.Cajee Mawkyrwat.
Shillong, Jymmang, 17: The bridge connecting the Shillong-Mawlai By-pass has been damaged by heavy rainfall since the past few days.
Therefore, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, said that as of now, the traffic through the bridge is still under restriction, where only vehicles with a weight of less than 100 rupees will be allowed. The bridge will continue until the 30th of this month.
King had to sit naked himself, because the clothes he was wearing were too tight for him.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills has informed the ration consumers of the district that the ration through AAY, PHH and Non-NFSA for the month of November 2023 has been released through the ration shop from the 13th to the 15th of this month.
In the 2000s, the Nagaland leaders “accused the Assam Government of encroaching on land to provide and allocate land for Bangladeshis (foreigners)”.
The selection of the Khla as Bula to spread the voter registration message is because it is the animal of the state which will spread the message to all the 11 districts of the state.
Bala Devi, who joined Rangers FC in 2020 and has played in the Scottish League for two seasons.
As you know, one of the most important issues facing the Sohra Constituency is the Sohra District and the MCCL which is the source of income for the people of Sohra but the government has not yet given a clear answer on these issues. ".
Those of us who have what you will get and lose, it is better that we lose together, you and I, and leave that A'chik.
In a complaint lodged by the DC to the SP, the DC said that on 15th November, 2021, the district authorities have issued an order to close down the illegal coal mining factories in East Jaintia Hills.
This price will also include the cost of cutting the mountains.
At the same time, he expressed his concern over the imprisonment of the people by the government which has affected them severely.
On the other hand, the opposition, which is inside the Legislative Assembly, has urged the people to turn away from the measures taken by the Congress party in the past years. The Congress government has taken action to find ways and means to resolve these issues and has called for bilateral dialogue, but as of now in the MDA government this has not happened, he said. by Dr Ampareen.
“No Muslim woman wants her husband to take home three other wives.
SHILLONG: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has announced that the MDA government will introduce a draft water policy in the state in the coming months.
“If in any way, this man has escaped the law, they should have arrested him, and not just take the law into their own hands by taking the soul. of a man.
“Until he got married, he continued to do this and I too, I told my sister-in-law not to hurt him but to let him go,” said the mother of Bah Wanbordlang.
Answering a question on the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield, the Minister of Police, Bah Prestone Tynsong gave a brief explanation on the case and the investigations undertaken by the police. government.
Not all people can do many things at the same time but these people with this disease find it difficult to do even the simplest things.
Speaking to reporters, Zenith said, “The incident shows that there is involvement of political bosses and coal smugglers”.
He said that Anthony Kongwang had gone around singing to support Prestone Tynsong in the last election but he lost his ticket and gave it to a poor person. The victory has not been achieved by the Congress party.
On Tuesday, while hearing on the existence of illegal coal burning factories, the government informed that 57 illegal coal burning factories have already been closed down.
Riksilchi Marak was abducted by her family with the help of her husband Dibesh Sangma.
He urged the people not to misunderstand, these parties which have been in power for three years now say that they love the jaidbynriew and said, “I, I tell you that I too as President of the NPP I love the nation. There is no one who can compare between the VPP and the NPP how much they love the jaidbynriew.
It is learned that the writing was ordered and usually done in front of the workplaces of these troops and those who are allowed to enter the workplaces of these troops without permission.
Last month, about 13 people were shot dead, stabbed and some killed in a car crash at a street party in Syracuse, New York. one of the Sunday mornings of that month.
After conducting a search operation, it was found that the driver had hidden 51 kilos of cannabis in the vehicle.
Regarding the implementation of 144Crpc by the government to ban any public gatherings against the government, Enlang Sawian said that the Seng has already sent a request for permission from the relevant authorities. If the districts do not give permission, the Seng will continue with the programs as announced, because the protest should not violate the law or cause any trouble. , but the protest will be for the benefit of the youth of Meghalaya as a whole.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the members of the committee said that it is true that there has been a serious misuse of funds for the construction of the meat processing plant.
The apps banned by the government include Crypviser, Enigma, Safeswiss, Wickrme, Mediafire, Briar, BChat, Nandbox, Conion, IMO, Element, Second Line, Zangi. , Threema among others.
“We don't have any other choice and we have decided in the Dorbar Shnong to stop the construction of this road completely, while the government has not thought of anything else.
“We continue to demand that the Prime Minister should no longer hold office in the state and as a sign of his inability to maintain peace and order, he should step down,” he said. said Mr. Paul.
Therefore, the residents are requested to do the following:- To provide the names of the voters who have died or fled the village, so that their names can be removed from the Electoral Roll.
The suspect is between the ages of 25-35 years old, 165 cm tall, said the SP. a black jumper, blue jeans and black slippers.
“Due to the low income of families, many youths have to drop out of school part-time.
Jowai, Nailur 18: The Open Football Tournament 2023 was inaugurated by the MDC of Moodymmai Jesse Suiam on Tuesday.
Regarding the claim that the hospital does not provide any treatment, she said, “Because the doctors are trying to provide unnecessary treatment but this mother has given birth to this child who died in “It will be better for a few days but the allegation that the doctors are stingy is not true,” she said.
Another shooter, accused of involvement in the murder of Muktiar Umesh Pal, was killed during a search operation by police and the Special Task Force (STF) in Kaundhiyara area of ​​Prayagraj district. Uttar Pradesh today, a police source said.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War and MLA & MDC of Nongkrem Constituency, Bah Lambor Malngiang, who is also the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Lambor Malngiang. The Chairman of the State Planning Board of the State Government, visited the Containment Zone at Laitkor Village to inspect and encourage the residents to fight against COVID-19 with understanding and understanding.
“It doesn't mean that once you become an MP, you will work from Delhi, but MPs can give their opinion to the state government on issues that they don't remember or mention.
“I am pleased that the Central Government has listened to the suggestion of P.Chidambaram when he was the Minister of Home Affairs and we have discussed this responsibility not only in Meghalaya but also in other countries. We have also submitted a proposal to the Ministry of Home Affairs for the construction of Police Stations on the border.
After examination by the policewomen, the relatives of Phibankyntiew Sun said that Phibankyntiew Sun had a bruise on her head.
“Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Olet Kharsahnoh congratulated the grassroots center for organizing this tournament and urged the children to be smart and strong to obey and use the game properly. sap play.
Up to 60 youths attended the training.
Dr. Sangma said it would have been better for the media to talk to him before writing something that did not happen.
At this meeting, the Commissioner & Secretary, Dr. Vijay Kumar explained in detail the initiatives through technology for governance including CM-Connect and DC-Connect.
We wish you all the best in doing good deeds for the village of Sohryngkham and the Khasi Hills as a whole,” said the General Secretary of MYSSC Sohryngkham.
“Hundreds of people have arrived which means that they can reach other Dorbar Shnongs.
The House has accepted this request for adjustment of expenditure as the money has already been received and this request for additional funds is to adjust what has already been spent.
Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, in the presence of Balajied Rani, MDC, on Tuesday inaugurated the building of the Sohkhwai Government LP School.
Bah EK Lapang, Rangbah Shnong, urged the athletes to pay attention to their training and to be obedient when they leave home to train and take part in the tournament. and promised to find ways and means to provide assistance to the needs of the group.
The raid was conducted in Pynthor, Sawphurlong and Jhalupara areas which are the homes of foreigners.
However, now the nation will have to turn to the three Ks and they are the Kur, the Ktien and the Khyndew.
Earlier, the HNLC had issued a threat to the NPP MLA from Sohra Constituency, Bah Gavin Mylliem, alleging that it is because of his responsibility that the State Government has Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) factory has been closed down.
Police have registered a case.
Saturday's incident was the worst since the Taliban took over Afghanistan, when UK and US troops had to fire air strikes to frighten civilians. , from their homes, to places where there are planes to transport people out of Afghanistan.
Four persons have been accused of involvement in the murder including Sadhan Jamatia, Sunaram Boro, Suresh Boro and Noba Baruah. Mynsngat — The Khanduli Development Committee (MKDC), one of the organizations in charge of the development and welfare of the Nartiang area, has registered a case under Section 302/34 IPC. The meeting held on 18/4/2019 considered the statement published in some newspapers on 22nd & 23rd March, 2019, on the article “Nartiang Constituency is the most affected "I am sorry to see that such news has come out. Hasn't there been a change in the constituency in the past five years since we Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar has been appointed as the Local MLA. Looking back in the past years, this constituency is still lagging behind in all aspects especially in terms of traffic, where there is only one road. Ummulong to Khanduli, while to Namdong A, Tamu, Sanaro, Thadmynri Moobakhon (Village Road) and so on, there were no roads. Since 2013, under the leadership of the Local MLA (S.Dhar), the residents have fulfilled their dreams of black topping roads to all the villages and villages. Except for some villages which are still in work under progress within 3 years of victory.
Speaking at the distribution of M-Tabs to 25,000 students of Class XII of East Khasi Hills at Polo Ground, Dr Mukul Sangma said, “In 2015 and 2016 we had to stop to distribute M-Tab after the state has faced financial difficulties due to the sudden coal blockade in the state.
More than 60 people have been taken to the police station in the clashes that broke out in Iewmawlong area which lasted for more than 10 months.
“We have seen some new initiatives in the district under the leadership of Abhilash Baranwal, such as the Giant Screens installed in the schools which will help the children to learn by seeing through the screens installed by the classrooms," he said.
your diengshain is your blood.
He said that the BSF has introduced many programs for the development of the villages on the Bangladesh border.
On the other hand, the MLA also honored three people who have been prominent in the society.
New Delhi: In the midst of the poverty and misery of the Indian people, these days; However, the State Bank of India, one of the country's largest banks, today reported that its net profit rose by 55 per cent or Rs 6,504 crore in the first half. of the current financial year and that the Bank has been able to reduce the outstanding loans.
The age limit for Under-14 Boys must be born on or before 1st July 2010, Under-17 Boys and Girls must be born on or before 1st July,
Shillong: The All India Congress Committee (AICC) has decided to allow Mukul Sangma to contest the Lok Sabha elections from Meghalaya. Tura at this time and at the same time, to allow Ma Vincent Pala, to contest from Shillong.
Shillong: U Renikton L Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency, on Tuesday said that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on behalf of the Minister of Water Resources, He promised to allocate funds from the fund available in the state to start the construction of the Mawphlang-Mawkyrwat-Ranikor road.
In East Khasi Hills, 66 cases including 3 cases from Armed Forces and 63 cases from civilians, 15 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 14 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 6 cases in West Garo Hills. There are 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 2 cases in South West Khasi Hills.
He said that after examining the documents submitted by the Secretary of the Legislative, it was found that they were complete.
Nestle recently denied that Maggi is harmful to the public despite reports from various states that it contains high levels of lead and monosodium glutamate. long the shisha.
The supporters who attended the confirmation ceremony expressed their high hopes for the candidate of the party and also confirmed the office bearer of KHNAM Ummulong unit, said a statement from Ma James MA Neng. Shillong, March 15: U Ma Solomon Rymbai, one of the members of the HNLC, who was arrested by the police, has confessed to the police that he had hidden a pistol and during the journey. A US-made pistol was found, which he had hidden.
In the second half, Bara FC had another chance to score from the penalty spot through Webison Jaba in the 72nd minute. Welbison Jaba scored the first goal in the 87th minute.
I haven't called Linda from far away... But don't expect the food to be clean, you have seen that we are poor and live only in a two room house,” said Deisy. “I don't know how much we're suffering from staying away from home. You know, even the rent of the house can't be paid,” said Riia.
When he came here to our country, he used to sit down, clean the clothes, clean the juti, go to buy clothes and for a night or two or a month he slept and slept as much as he could.
Only the poor households can understand the problems during this lockdown.
The residents of the area saw that some of them were pouring less liters, while others were cleaning the water.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 83763 out of which 81916 have recovered and 1456 have died.
Upon winning, Conrad went to pay tribute to the grave of his father, PA Sangma.
Siklin Dohling also launched her product at one of the Meghalaya Collectives exhibitions at the World Food India-2023 organized by the Ministry of Food Processing Industry at Prakgati Maidan in New Delhi. Delhi.
However, now they have moved to Langpih.
Rida was invited to enter the house.
The auditions can be sent through videos on the Whatsapp number provided by the organization through the announcements and the videos should not be edited and should not exceed 2 minutes. and must be submitted by the 22nd of this month (March).
“In many polling stations in Sohiong constituency, voters arrive early in the morning and at the beginning of the day.
On the other hand, she promised to pay the same price to the distributors to all the schools who are willing to supply milk to the children.
Kisan defeated Angel De Barma of the Combat Academy Nagaland by a split decision.
“The UDP leaders also said to write to Bah Ardent Basaiamoit but we don't want to write to our brothers and we write to the Congress because we are Rangbah,” he said.
The venues for the re-examination can be found on the SSC website. Those who are over the age of 18 are allowed to write the examination, but only those who have passed the examination. write before.
Referring to the development projects that the Assam government brings to the border areas, the Minister said that the people should accept them because the development projects cannot be a source of ownership. any state has that land.
The distance from Kynshi via this road is 16 KM. Vehicles coming from Nongstoiñ can also enter via Shyrwang on Pohia Days, except Sunday.
The Seng on this issue has decided to continue to monitor and take measures to upgrade the PHC to the status of CHC. The Seng is surprised to learn that only one doctor is responsible for all the needs of the PHC especially when there are many people who come to take medicine, and this may be one of the reasons for the delay in the operation of the PHC. the PHC because serving alone is not really easy.
They said that compared to Garo Hills which has only four districts, there are three government colleges in Tura West Garo Hills, one in Baghmara South Garo Hills and one in Willamnagar. East Garo Hills.
Try to secure outdoor objects or objects such as logs, household items, and other items that may be damaged and blown away by the wind.
Read and speak Hindi in all schools and meetings.
Aftab H. Saikia is the Chief Justice of the High Court of Jammu and Kashmir and former Head of the Assam State Human Rights Commission.
The arrest of these three persons was made by the Ri Bhoi Police after receiving a tip on the presence of a group of money exchangers in Umsning. They conducted a raid at Umsning and arrested these three persons. They searched them and at that time, they seized counterfeit money worth Tk. .2, 48, 500 lakh and which prompted the police to arrest these three persons.
Dawki: R. Mukhim Xi has reached the semi final of the 20th Riwar Cup Invitational Football Tournament held at Bakur Stadium by defeating Amdoh by 3-0 -1.
Today, there was a heavy clash between Indian and Chinese troops in parts of Ladakh, the report said.
“Tomorrow we will go to the Synod market to xerox those documents.
Speaking at the rally, TUR leader Angela Rangad accused the government of misusing these laws and said that these laws have taken away human rights.
"This is a very high level and to win the Premier League title, you have to be the best, and that's why we need to strengthen the team," Arteta said.
candidates contested the election.
The truck was carrying Dewbilat, which was leaving Sunapur with the intention of smuggling it to Guwahati, but when it reached the scene, the truck went to hit the cow farm. which belonged to Ajay Sharma and damaged the vehicles.
The number of cases in the state has risen to 5,523 on Saturday.
PIL KHYRIEM (IND) – 456.
Tourism is one of the most expensive sectors of government funds.
She said that in these days, the party will have to remove the Congress Block from 12 constituencies due to the sudden appearance of 12 MLAs. the 12 MLAs to mislead the people.
Shillong: Five days after his resignation from the Congress party, journalists today met with Bah DD Lapang to talk to him face to face and the meeting was held in Nongpoh.
Sid, who received the Dada Saheb Phalke Award last year for Shershaah, also spoke about love films and said that such films suit him well. Shershaah which also tells the love story of Vikram Batra and Dimple who met and fell in love with Kiara.
He struggles in his heart to strengthen his funds to set up a wholesale shop.
The chief guests on the occasion were Sounder Strong Cajee, TMC candidate from Mawkyrwat Constituency, Shidalin Marngar as the chief guest, Sohkhyllam Village Minister, P.Wanniang, Loris. Jyrwa and other Rangbah, Longkmie and office bearers of the Seng Samla Shnong along with the children.
E. The claim that the ILP cannot be implemented because Meghalaya does not have a proper border is a lie, because as we can see, all the four states which have implemented the ILP have border disputes. and neighboring states as well as neighboring countries such as Meghalaya and Bangladesh.
Bindyarani Devi, who won the silver medal in the women's 55kg category at the 2022 Commonwealth Games, will continue to compete in the same category.
In this regard, the meeting at present has nothing to support or oppose the Bill, but it is necessary to consult and discuss well among the Kurs or Para Kurs in our beloved country.
However, at the same time, Bernard Marak should be allowed to investigate and give its verdict on the alleged crimes.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Roshan Warjri, today inspected the hospital and talked to the patients.
There are about 85% farmers in Meghalaya, so to develop the farmers is the primary duty of the government to do something about them, from time to time during the selling season. If government employees increase their salaries from time to time, farmers also have the right to increase the price of agricultural products. according to the passage of time.
At the same time, he wished the school that in the grace of God, he will empower them to provide the best education to the area.
Hans Kung found that these traditional principles of different religions could be realized and practiced for world peace.
He said that if there is a need to clarify or discuss any issue, it should be within the District Council, not outside the District Council.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah A Nongbri said that voting is the right of every citizen and as voters we should refrain from taking money or eating money to vote.
But peace is only when a person understands God and His Word.
Meanwhile, the Netherlands, who won the World Cup bronze medal, hold the top spot while second-placed Belgium are in fourth.
He said that when the excise drugs are seized, the Excise Department invites people to submit tenders but when it comes to the Pyrsi drugs, the department throws them away.
When talking to the electricity collector, he said that he did not do it himself, but it was the office that did it wrong.
He said the government welcomes any suggestion from the people for the betterment of the state.
Speaking at the briefing, Bah Mandilos Nongbri encouraged the players who came out to fight and said that when they are in the middle of the fight they should not lose heart or back down. but they must have a spirit of hard work and perseverance because in the game there will always be losers and winners.
Shillong: The 6th Meghalaya State Tennis Tournament will start on November 15 and end on November 18 at the Shillong Club Tennis Ground, Shillong.
The ECC took note of this and appealed to the court.
UDP members of the UDP party, who attended the party's general meeting at Madan Malki, on Friday.
Nongpoh: The example of a 62-year-old man, who went out morning and evening to clean the road near Bhoirymbong CHC, may be one of the best examples for others. people within the District and State, that they should take responsibility for themselves, for the sake of bringing about a clean environment in the villages and surrounding areas.
The complaint against the drunkenness of Khasi children, the drunkenness of young men and women as well, has been lodged with the reporter from time to time, at the entertainment venues of Sohra, Umiam and also on the roads where these vehicles come and go.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Evarist Myrsing expressed his happiness that Umkra Village together with Umrka Presbyterian LP School and Seiborlang UP School have been able to hold this World Cup. Literacy Day and this is part of the efforts to encourage the youth to think that in this age of knowledge without education we cannot achieve any goal in life.
In November last year, the West Bengal Special Task Force conducted a raid in the Mahammad Bazaar area of ​​Birbhum and recovered a pick-up van. the vehicle carried 81,000 rounds of ammunition.
Most of the Syiems, when they enter the District Council, are higher ranked than the Peons.
The Committee headed by Justice Katakey said that there are new tire marks on the site during the inspection on 7th November 2023 at the coal mine site. Don Bosco College Byndihati said that the smuggling of coal in the area continues.
It plays an important role in bringing flavor to food especially at mealtimes.
Granary Thangkhiew said that the family will commemorate the 2nd anniversary of the death of Cherishterfield Thangkhiew on the 13th July 2023 by laying flowers at the cemetery. at 2 o'clock pm.
The last Pope to visit India was Pope John Paul II who visited Delhi in 1999 and Pope John Paul II who visited Shillong on 4th June. 1986.
The polling was held after the resignation of Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath and Deputy Chief Minister Keshav Prasad Maurya, who released the Phulpur constituency.
On this occasion, youth, women and elderly people also attended the meeting to explain the need for Solid Waste Management as part of the Solid Waste Management. to address the problems faced by the people in order to bring about a clean environment in the village and the area as a whole.
The CEM said the EC took this decision after many complaints from the ministers and officials of the Hima Mylliem about the working methods of Pa'iem Latho.
However, it is not only the government that deserves the credit, as there are hundreds of volunteers who have worked hard day and night to make this tournament a success and smooth running.
Bah GD Kharwanlang said that the police have not been able to confirm the death of the man although the police are conducting an investigation into the incident.
Therefore, this case has not come to fruition and these refugees have not yet received their rights.
The two-day G20 meeting, in preparation for the G20 Space Economy Leaders Meeting to be held in the second month of November this year, began on 17 June. at the Courtyard Hotel by Marriott, Shillong.
It is true that women understand their uniqueness and independence in society, but if we look at the background, men can give a better answer as to why they are born. you have jubor.
Jaintia Hills, which already has the hero Woh Kiang Nangbah who fought for the country, does the government intend to leave Jaintia Hills? The Constitution of India in Article 29 clearly states that any tribe has the right to protect and preserve its language and customs and why does the Prime Minister say according to the law? What kind of law is it that aims to destroy the rights of Jaintia Hills which is one of the major tribes of the state? do not allow yourself not to accept such a plan.
Shillong, Naiwieng : Mawsiatkhnam Sports Club has organized a two day Inter Dong Football Tournament for the youth of the village which was held at the village ground and ended on Tuesday. go.
Jowai, Jymmang 26: The KSU Laskein Circle wishes all the students who are writing the SSLC, HSSLC and other examinations this year all the best.
Nongpoh: U Bah Thimaya Mangu, Secretary of Ingsaw Village, has been summoned to appear before the Village Defense Party (VDP) Umru-2 the Tukri swords of the Nepali cowboys, who came to feed the cows on his Sying and Synsar farm.
Speaking as the chief guest, Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, President of KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit, said that as the leader of the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit, he expressed his pleasure to be present on this day. Congratulations to these youths who have passed in various categories and this is an encouragement to other youths to continue to do well and especially the distribution of these awards is like a gift The students should work hard in their studies to reach higher levels and become human beings in the future.
On the other hand, the VPP has sent a letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh to demand that the state government should not provide scholarships to the students who are studying medicine. it will always be based on their good passing.
In this regard, the Association has also met with the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui and the Director of School Education and Literacy, Ambrose Ch.
The government needed to find new ways in collaboration with experts to build more sustainable roads.
I immediately informed the members of the Executive Committee of the village, the youth organization and the women's organization and they took action to investigate until we find out, we will not allow.
He was born in Bethlehem of Judea.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The Joint Action Committee of the All Meghalaya Primary School Teachers Association (JACATAM) has refused to take part in the strike of JACATAM. , aiding aw that she was not familiar with the demand issues.
The 12th highway from Purakhasia to Ampati via Mahendraganj was also closed due to the collapse of the bridge in the Darong River.
The investigation is ongoing.
The General Secretary of the Hills Farmers Union, Bah Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew, said that these cow farmers have been involved in the union and especially they have raised cows with the help of the union. Banks, but when there is no electricity, the chicks die and even the chickens that breed are affected due to the lack of electricity.
He expressed his satisfaction to see that although the village is small but through knowledge and unity this village has grown well in all aspects.
Shillong: The FKJGP War Jaintia Circle today met with the Assistant Executive Engineer of Meecl at his office in Amlarem.
At present, he said, sports has become one of the main sources of income.
The Assistant Inspector General of Police (A), Shillong, GK Iangrai, said that it is highly suspected that these two persons were planning to commit robbery and blow up the toll gate.
On the other hand, the residents also informed the officer that the electricity supply has been suddenly lost in the village for nearly six months and the residents have to live in darkness which has created a lot of problems. especially students who have to prepare for their various studies.
At this meeting, the meeting will explain to the public the threat to our Rit Pait Jaidbynriew, through the forced implementation of the CAA by the Central Government and to demand that the Central Government should immediately implement the ILP. The State of Meghalaya, as decided by the Legislative Assembly of the State of Meghalaya.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Pynshlurlang Lyngdoh, President of the Independent Party of Rambrai.
Any policy should promote peace and impartiality.
In Chemistry, you can learn that you don't have pure solids, and you don't have an order.
After Bah Adelbert briefly explained the Bill, the Speaker of the House, Thomas Sangma, asked for the approval of the House for the purpose of explaining the Bill. The opposition to the Bill won by voice vote.
The program was held as part of the promotion of Japanese culture and traditions involving the youth.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Bindo M Lanong said that he has decided to withdraw his support to the party leading the KHADC after the UDP leaders “Even after the UDP refused to give me a ticket to contest the MLA election, I sent a letter expressing my desire to contest the MLA election. MP election from the UDP and urged them to forget what happened but until now they have not received any answer,” he said.
Besides, SBYWA has urged to deliver food items to the border villages like Hingaria, Huroi, Lei Long, Lejri and other border villages which have difficulty in going to the market to Khliehriat and Ladrymbai.
He said the TMC should also remember that in Meghalaya it is still a new party formed by the Congress leaders.
Finally, the author urges the future generations not to think only of selfishness or selfishness, lest it turn into a curse later in our lives.
Shillong, November 15 : UDP Mawsynram MLA Olan Sing Suin today said that a proposal of Rs 86 crore has been sent for the improvement and expansion of the 33 km road from Weiloi to Trongpleng. The government is still considering the approval of the project.
Shillong, Nailar 09: The Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (EMRI) has terminated the contract with GVK, which runs the Emergency Service 108, due to the strike by the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (EMRI Workers Union). The company has been dismissed on charges of corruption and inability of the company to run its business properly.
Ovsyannikova, 45, reportedly fled Russia with her daughter to unknown countries after 10 years of escaping arrest.
Shillong, March 30: The villagers of East Jaintia Hills District have vowed to lodge a complaint in the Consumer Court against the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) for the failure to provide electricity.
Police said they would question him for four days.
The tournament was held in memory of Bah Rowell Lyngdoh who has made a great contribution to the South West Khasi Hills District and the state of Meghalaya as a whole.
There is a man who has been my friend since 1989 in Shallang.
“We demand the recognition of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo languages ​​because we know that it will benefit our heritage,” said SHM Secretary Roikupar Synrem.
A.G. Hangar.
Nongpoh, July 17 : The residents of Borbhuin Village under the Hima Mylliem and under the jurisdiction of Raid Marwet in Byrnihat area have no longer a full Rangbah Shnong, following the death of the Rangbah Shnong. , Bah Adris Maring, who has been in office for almost 10 years, and to get a full-time Rangbah Shnong, the election of the new Rangbah Shnong was scheduled to be held today, but the election of the new Rangbah Shnong has failed. It was after the arrival of only one rangbah who intends to contest for the post of Rangbah Shnong in Borbhuin.
In addition, we have also launched new railway lines such as Murkongselek-Pasighat.
Before the climb to the top of the hill, there was a thanksgiving ceremony by the leaders of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar, including Bah Shkor Jala, one of the elders of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar. , the water of prayer in which the people can take to cleanse themselves.
“We do not accept the statement of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Dr RC Laloo that teachers should sit for the TET and we are very sorry when he said in the House that teachers are not appointed by the state government but “We have appointed the school authorities,” said Bah Manbha K Raswai, president of the union.
On mental health, Sudhakar said one in nine Indians suffers from a headache, with some suffering from chronic illness and some suffering from mental illness. who is very sick.
The truth is that we must forget the old and put on the new.
Truth is the source of goodness, in goodness and righteousness, in righteousness the sign of Peace, God is Truth, God is goodness, God is Righteousness, and God is you're happy.
At the same time, the FKJGP has asked the State Government who is the contractor or which company is implementing the ISBT. The Officers in charge of the project should be punished and not the Contractor.
Rising Star and Khliehtyrshi SC won the Open T20 Cricket Tournament organized by the All Jaintia Cricket Association (AJCA) on Tuesday.
Nongkhrah FC won the title by beating Umran SC 4-2 goals in the tie breaker.
Out of the PWD scheme, T.3 crore has been announced by PT Sawkmie for the replacement of the road passing through Block A B and C in Mawlai Nongpdeng. helps to solve the problems faced by the people when they are sick and for water tankers.
It was also shown to the court that the plaintiffs have sufficient licenses to mine and that they pay sufficient taxes or that there is damage to the environment or violation of the rules and regulations. the order of the court.
Priest Scheme.
They followed him.
The High Court today said that it will wait three months and the government should submit a report on these three areas including illegal mining, transportation of coal. -laws and the operation of illegal coal burning plants.
This is also not true, because although they have discussions, they have not been able to do so.
The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngainlang Syiem, said that the preparation of the Monolith Festival which was held recently at Law Kyntang in Mawphlang has revived the culture of the people. very soul.
Mookyrdup have scored three points by beating Umshangiar 2-0 in the 3rd Division Memorial Trophy Tournament today.
The HNPF West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday led a meeting with the Assistant Executive Engineer of MeECL Shangpung Distribution Sub Division. The electricity supply to the people who fall into this distribution has increased significantly.
On the other hand, the teachers of the school, have praised the Khasi Student Union, which has come to help the school by donating up to 6 Ban tip sopiing and through these tins of The KSU has been pleased to announce that the school will be closed.
“This generator cannot supply electricity to the entire hospital and only to the area where it used to be because the hospital is now getting bigger,” he said.
Prestone said the MDA in the last meeting had set up a Core Committee to select the candidate and this committee had sat down to find the candidate and after the meeting it had taken the The name of Bah Metbah was brought before the MDA and accepted by all.
The owners of the mines in War Jaintia have asked the Forest Department and the State Government how the illegal Challans are issued. This has shown that there is a serious corruption within the Forest Department.
He lodged a complaint with the police that the lyrics of the song in the video have affected their marriage as well as their family.
The central theme of this conference is, “Let the spirit of maturity be perfected, that you may be perfect and complete in the present age” which is taken from James 1:4
So far, the Indian government has implemented a new curfew in 11 cities with the highest number of cases, including Delhi, Mumbai, Bengaluru, Chennai, Ahmedabad and Delhi. Kolkata, Pune, Thane, Jaipur, Surat and Indore.
We will meet the Governor on Monday to explain the state of law and order in the state,” said MPF spokesperson and UDP working president Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
She said that to eradicate poverty is not by taking or receiving money during the elections, but through policies. this poverty shall be taken away from the people.
Tel Aviv: Israeli troops launched heavy offensives in parts of the Gaza Strip last night in the 23rd day of fighting.
I want equal rights, if you don't want to separate the rights of Garo people, it's time you demand Garo Land / Garo State.
Shillong: Parents of school children have alleged that there is fraud and inadequacy in the conduct of the drawing competition in the state which is a competition to select the children for the The National Painting Competition 2018 is organized by the Bureau of Energy Efficiency, New Delhi under the Ministry of Electricity, Government of India.
This is what happened in Sri Lanka too and the reason why it has reached this point is because of the terrible corruption.
The lack of policy has undermined the foundation of education and led to unemployment.
Once the Government and the HPC have agreed, we will file an affidavit with the Court to dismiss the case,” he said.
How to allow more than 18 sq km of land to go to Assam.
The word 'Love yourself and honor others' is very meaningful.
Jowai: Star Cement, one of the dewbilat companies in East Jaintia Hills, has been accused of assaulting a villager, Mary Lamare, who is the owner of a Mawshun mine in East Jaintia Hills. Yokani Passah of Jowai has been arrested.
It is learned that the shrieh fell to the side of Tura Peak after it had spread around through the trees near the Gandrak Valley.
Thus, there are many opportunities to promote tourism in the region.
The Ri Bhoi Police, have extended their blessings to this young man, to continue to improve in the field of Arm Wrestling and especially now, that he has led the country to participate. at the 44th World Arm Wrestling Championship in Kazakhstan.
BJP leader AL Hek today said the party wants to contest the MP elections from both Shillong and Tura Parliamentary constituencies as the biggest party in the country. depending on the decision of the party in Delhi.
“There is nothing wrong with the CEC, the four MDCs have sent it to the President, we will see,” he said.
In the women's category, St. Paul's High School, Mawngap came second and Springtime Secondary School, Sadew came third.
He said that they will soon hold a meeting with various groups from village leaders, women's organization leaders, youth, NGOs, religious leaders and others to discuss this issue. In the evening, Ampareen left for Jowai for a meeting held at Ladthadlaboh Indoor Hall to hold the same election campaign.
The report said that the preparation for the raid is adequate but the implementation is poor and there are many shortcomings as the purpose of this special team is to arrest Bah Thangkhiew.
A petition was also sent to the Secretary of the Ministry of Home Affairs, AK Bhalla and A Subramanyai, who is the Secretary of the Ministry of Home Affairs. Joint Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs for Language.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, today clarified that the appointment of 33 teachers from one ethnic group is based on their performance during the examination. exam and interview.
According to a complaint lodged at Resubelpara police station, North Garo Hills, the robbers were discovered on Tuesday morning by believers who went to pray at the church.
“At present, we are preparing all the necessary documents for the tender for the construction of the new Meghalaya House at Aurangzeb Road.
It is learned that there are also seriously ill people, some with their children, women and children who have suffered in this heavy traffic jam in Sonapur and Malidor.
At the meeting to demand the salary of GHADC, all the employees of GHADC supported the NGEA. They will demand their rights until their demand is met, the statement said.
The collapse of the road has caused surprise to many, because for many years the Umkhrah River has flooded, the road that runs alongside it, has never collapsed.
He said that at present there are 18 groups in India who demand their own state and the demand for Khasi State and Garoland is also there. The GSMC and HSPDP will work together to demand their own state. and soon they will meet on this.
The turnout in the state has reached 85.25% even though the Sohiong Constituency has not been counted yet. UDP candidate HDR Lyngdoh.
Shillong, June 20 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh today sought a report from the relevant authorities on the non-functioning health centers across the state.
Jessica Marwein as a school student is full of gratitude to God and also to her parents who took the time to study well before she went to write her class 10 exam. Although they are from poor families, she has received this honor by passing well.
The worst death was the massacre at the hands of Adolf Hitler of up to 60,00,000 Jews, which Israel now celebrates as the Holocaust.
The man, identified as Adam Yearsley, had bought an expensive laptop 'HP ProBook' Surprisingly, he found boxes of food such as biscuits, shana and others.
Shouldn't we as ethnic parties work for the nation, the state and shouldn't we cooperate with anyone, how should we do, what is their wish,” said Bah Metbah.
Malachi 3:5.
Prestone urged the AITCs not to blame the MDA government as the same proposal of Dr Mukul Sangma has been followed to resolve the border issue with Assam. .
Balineni Srinivas Reddy said he had nothing to do with the seizure of the money and said it was a vehicle with a number plate from Tamil Nadu. the vehicle was misused to embarrass him.
Of course, you have a problem with the hospitals themselves.
However, if we want to live separately, without conflict with other ethnic groups of India, we have to rethink all these things.
The Office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) has directed all Fair Price Shops to complete the distribution of foodgrains by 30th June using e-Pos machines.
He said the CCIB strongly opposes the DC's enactment of Section 186 IPC which is against the rights of the affected residents, who have never interfered with the survey by government officials.
In 2018, when the present government took over, it confirmed that the funds should be available to resume the project. the foundation stone has been laid for this project.
On this occasion, the United Democratic Party (UDP) Youth's Wing has gathered for the people especially the youth to get some explanations on the important issues that the party has to implement. On this occasion, as well as the issues of activities so that the youth of the area can stand to build a bright future and to become the youth who can stand on their own feet. whether in their own fields and in sports in various fields.
Police are still looking for those who spread false news and bring them to justice, said CA Lyngwa, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills.
“On the other hand, Charles Pyngrope, MLA, said that if this issue is brought forward, it will be discussed at a meeting with Chatrath.
Jowai, Nailar 16: Police in Jowai today seized 25 cases of Kyiad Beer from a Nala near OK Bounded Warehouse, Newhill, Jowai.
The post of President of the UDP has become vacant after the sudden death of Dr Donkupar Roy who was also the Speaker of the House recently.
The same was in the beginning with God.
Therefore, when we turned to one of the games which was held at a shyiap ground at the end of the campus of Tura Law College, we saw that the youngsters, especially in the On the boys' side, there is a sign of hope for the state in terms of volleyball.
The HNLC alleged that their service is to the politicians, not to the cause for which they stand.
Before the start of the competition, a meeting was held in the presence of Symbud Waheh Chnong Gedeon Lamin who welcomed the guests and George Lamin General Secretary of the village.
They want to meet the Faleiro, but I said there is no point in coming to meet me because once I have decided I will not back down,” said Bah Lapang.
JNNURM should provide financial assistance to them too, and why does it intend to provide financial assistance only to Municipal areas?
“I am proud because I got the opportunity to march by wearing the 'dhara', so I am proud to march and I am also proud that I won," she said.
The HYC and the Dorbar Shnong have taken this step on the disappearance of a Longkmie who is suspected to have been kidnapped by a factory worker.
The award was presented by Prof. B. Panda, Dean, School of Economics, Management and Library Science, NEHU. The Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA) and the Garo Hills Deficit School Teachers' Association (GHDSTEA) have been encouraged today after receiving the promise from the Minister. Conrad K Sangma to resolve the issue immediately.
In the past thousands of years, there were many people who came from Riwar, Maram and all over the Khasi Hills to ask for land that Syiem Tymmen and the former Sordars had given them. In the years 1968-1972, when there was no Ri Bhoi District, they were still in the Raid Tynring areas. in the same District, and in these years there are only 3 (three) 4 (four) households who have been farming in these forests of Tynring. Many houses and they lived happily ever after they started building houses of worship in their own faiths. At that time these kyntoit were only the Lyngkha work of the church departments of Tynring which was the mother church and later on. In 1997, the Lumrit Presbyterian Church was established by the Tynring Parent Church.
Furthermore, to assist those who have become addicted to drugs to break free from drug addiction through proper training and to help them find employment or to forget about drugs.
“The MDCs who took part in the meeting included War Central MDC Hollando Lamin and Sutnga Nongkhlieh MDC Richard Lyngdoh.
The indigenous languages ​​are Chhattisgarh, Gondi, Halbi, Sargujia, Pahari, Sheena, Gojri, Balti, Ladakhi, Karbi, Khasi, Jaintia, Garo, Nagamese, Hmar, Paite, Thadou, Kabui, Mao, Tangkhul, Nyishi, Adi, Monpa, Ao, Angami, Kokborok, Mizo, Lepcha and Sikkimese (Bhutia).
Rupang today spoke face to face with the residents of these houses to learn more about the incident.
Other scorers included Kishan Lyngdoh who scored 128 runs on the second day.
At a public meeting in Vijaypur, Jammu and Kashmir today.
He said that as a sordar he stands to protect the customs and traditions because when the customs and traditions live, the nation lives.
“I am proud to be in the constituency where Mairang Block is located and I am equally proud to say that there are government employees who have the responsibility to work for the people and who also have the desire to move forward with the block.
These reports are misleading and unfounded.
He said that the Managing Committee, the Dorbar Shnong and the teachers have built skum houses just to be able to run schools.
The establishment of large and small factories has changed the lives of people and many villages have become cities and people from all over the country have fled their villages in search of income and starting new to life in the cities.
The famous market is located under the rule of the King of Mylliem.
According to information received from the Shillong Municipal Board, the allocation of shops to others and those who sell kyiad will no longer have shops after the completion of the new market which is scheduled to be completed within two years.
The issue was also discussed in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly on 27th June where the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said that the State Government will first verify the reports on the robbery of schools. Mission in Assam before talking to the Government authorities in Dispur and at the same time he promised to provide security and peace to the people living on the border of the two States.
Therefore, various political parties in Ribhoi district have not accepted, because they cannot take responsibility for the welfare of the people especially the peace and order.
He graduated from St. Gabriel's Higher Secondary School, studied Philosophy at Christ King College, Shillong. College in Mawlai and was ordained a priest on 25th July
We have to turn to ourselves if we don't get too far from our family,” said Bah Khrawbuit.
The other group is the Congress + NPP + UDP + TMC + PDF + HSPDP + VPP. The people of Meghalaya and other states like Nagaland and Tripura have already given their decision on their own. their leaders in their respective constituencies.
During the programme, the land owners who donated the land for the construction of the road and footpath were also honored. The first office bearers of the Village Employment Committee of the village including the Chairman VEC, Bah Archi Siangshai and the first Secretary, Bah Phringstar were also honoured.
Furthermore, the Raid leaders said that in the past, there was no such trouble within the Raid, where the villages under the Raid were peaceful and peaceful without any disturbances. Since Bah RM Dorphang, has taken over as Sordar, there have been many problems in various aspects and which has also affected the Khaddar rule within the Raid.
It is wrong for us to blame our problems on the churches.
“The purpose and commitment of the District Council to hold this Monolith Festival and we will also look back on our nation that our nation has existed for at least 200 years if we take only in the time of the Missionary in this beloved country"
“From this, today we have met the state project director and handed over a reminder letter and he has confirmed that he will take this matter to the government authorities,” he said. They will also meet with the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma to discuss the issue.
In the past, the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) has been extended for two years during the tenure of Dr. Mukul Sangma as Chief Minister.
“If the building reaches more than 27 metres, they need to get permission and approval from the government.
This shows that people still trust the Sign House when they send something to their friends or relatives," Das said.
She visited the hospital after the Independence Day celebrations in Khliehriat.
He said the amendment of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution, the Municipal Council and others were discussed.
At the same time, he said that the price of T.500 set by the government for the patients is too low because only the cost of medicine and bedding does not match the price set by the government. government.
It is alleged that the cause of the death of the fish in the river was due to the use of a drug produced from the tree known as 'Kharu' and according to a video In a video posted on social media, a man was also seen catching a Kha Khla weighing about 80 kilos.
Macmilan Byrsat MLA Jirang was the chief guest in the presence of Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang as the chief guest, Victor Rani MDC Jirang Constituency, P Hajong BDO Jirang C&RD. Block, Fr. Michael Sun, Head Master of St. Peter's Secondary School, Head Masters of various schools, teachers, parents and students who received the award.
The payment method according to Aadhaar is nothing but a way to get money into the accounts of the beneficiaries.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The High Court today sought the report of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on the recruitment of LP school teachers in the state. ) appointed by the Government, and also the marks obtained by the candidates for the Teacher Recruitment Examination.
On the other hand, the passengers who used to drive through this road have expressed their concern to travel through this road because there have been many accidents and on the other hand, the passengers have urged All drivers should be careful and vigilant especially not to drive too fast.
Hammylleinki Dkhar won the bronze medal in the senior 50kg category and Banmankhraw Dkhar won the bronze medal in the Kata sub 27kg category.
“To achieve this without the cooperation of the governments of Assam and Meghalaya.
These councils will serve as a place of discussion and exchange between the people from different villages and health workers, to ensure that the decision of health facilities will meet the needs and wishes of the people. public.
Therefore, if you have any complaints regarding the Public Distribution System, you can complain to the office through these officers.
Emphasizing this, Minister Deborah Marak said she does not agree with the MLA's statement that it will encourage divorce.
Before the examination, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar encouraged the candidates and said that the purpose of the examination is to provide financial support to the KSU. to the students who have been selected after passing this examination.
Shillong, March 5: The office bearers and volunteers of the Central Puja Committee, after the Puja, have cleaned up the streets of Wahumkhrah at Polo since this morning.
As promised in recent months, the Contract Teachers of Government LP Schools who have been dismissed for failing to pass the MTET Examination, these teachers on 1st July 2022, They first turned to the residence of the Chief Minister and then to the Secretariat, but the District authorities stopped them at the parking lot near the Additional. Secretariat, which was the venue of the protest and protest by the Adhoc and SSA teachers. In 2009, the School Eligibility Test (SET) was held.
East Khasi Hills has 37 new cases today, including 4 soldiers, 4 high risk contacts and 10 health workers. There are 2 cases from Law Sib, 2 cases from Lumparing, 1 case from Mawlai Mawiong, 4 cases from Nongmynsong, 2 cases from Nongrim Hills, 2 cases from Nongthymmai and 2 cases from Pynthorbah. .
On the 24th of November, Moolamanoh will play against Sutnga SSCC at 12 noon and Thangskai Tiger will play against Rymbai FC at 2 pm.
The Director of NEIGRIHMS, therefore, appealed to the public, to cooperate, in order to eradicate the theft of medical equipment at the hospital.
Shillong: After the Cabinet of Ministers of India has approved the amendment to the 6th Schedule, many people have doubts whether the District Council elections will go smoothly as announced by the government or will be postponed. before.
Another incident told of Br Muscat, Don Bosco, Shillong (printing unit) and there it was said that the brother would invite the children to choose the pieces from the drawer on the table. and while the children are choosing, he will touch their feet.
" Unquote – this is something we should not allow at all, because it will be too violent and only for Meghalaya, on the fact that the CAA 2019 has turned into the Sixth Schedule in relation to Meghalaya, it will take On the same day (11.12.19) that the Raja Sabha of Parliament passed the CAB, we should not allow it. This is the greatest violence against us, because it has been a roadblock for us in Meghalaya.
The TMC has already sought permission to hold an inquiry against the non-release of NREGA payments to Bengal, with many churches in three places in Delhi including Rajghat. where Gandhi's body was laid.
The triangle continues until the sky is bright.
He said Meghalaya is one of the few states which has passed a resolution to reserve 50% of the posts of Secretary and President of Village Employment Councils for women.
“We don't see any reason why one religion – Christianity, should face these persecutions in some states of the North East, especially in Assam, which is a state where all others pat the State of the region has been destroyed.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Meghalaya, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui on Tuesday inspected the Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai in the presence of MLA of Jowai Constituency 2, Waheh Wailadmiki Shylla. MDC of Jowai North, Waheh Bright Star Chyrmang, Principal of the College, Government officials such as Bah DP Wahlang, Principal Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya under the Ministry of Education.
Because it is a job that costs a lot of money, it is difficult for the government to take an immediate decision on this issue.
The morality does not come from the knowledge of reading and writing, but from the inheritance of the rympei.
Their actions have brought true purity and beauty and they deserve the praise and proclamation.
The demolition of these factories was supervised by Ma J Shylla, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District. The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MPCC) has decided to set up the factory.
The VPP expressed this demand during a meeting with the Prime Minister inside the residence.
Similarly, the Feast of Tabernacles shall be celebrated three days after the last day or after the last seven years.
“Referring to the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam, the Governor said, “The state government has sought ways and means to settle the exact border with Assam through agreement. The Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah, has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to resolve 6 out of 12 areas in the border dispute.
The question is how to preach the gospel through peaceful means.
Former Prime Minister and Congress leader Salseng Marak has earlier said through the media that he is ready to take over the post of Prime Minister if the authorities do not allow him to do so. The Congress (AICC) has been able to appoint him to this post.
In a statement, the SP of Ri Bhoi District, said that the body was found by the police on the 14th of this month. He was aged 15 to 20 years old, 4 feet tall and wearing a pants with the inscription AXY. Police have also informed that if anyone has any information about the body They can also inform the Police Control Room at 7005298889, i/c Byrnihat Police Out Post, 7005924932, i/c Nongpoh PS.
The Secretary of Arts and Culture Meghalaya in his letter dated 24.9.2001, wrote to KAS, that the SA has already recognized 22 languages ​​under Schedule-8 those who are included in the COI list, others are not.
Sgabagh is the place where the 1971 war criminals who were involved in the terrorist attacks against Pakistan should be punished, where Terana Halim shouted “My mother, my land, I will not give it to Pakistan”.
The elderly counters, have come to the village, to perform the rituals, as it should be, after these families have returned to the traditional religion.
He also stressed the importance of having good manners and a good lifestyle, so that later on others will be able to recognize their work from home, in the community and in the country as a whole.
One of the laws of science states that nature abhors a vacuum, and therefore strives to fill it.
However, the MDA government has now introduced an amendment in which the age limit for a person to hold the post of Chairman should not exceed 65 years of age.
Mighter N.Marwein said that on the statement of JC Diengngan that the party has rules that prohibit participation in political activities, why didn't JC Diengngan leave the party? Mighter asked JC Diengngan why he was a member of the party before he formed another party when he himself was involved in supporting the UDP in Ranikor Constituency.
In your hard work for more than fifty years, you have produced many songs on nature, youth, humanity, the spirit of love, the voice of piety and human life in society.
Speaking to media, Titostarwell said that on the statement of some non-tribals who went to complain to the Governor through their petition, regarding the incidents of the people living in Ichamati and Bholaganj and this writing of them has not only affected this issue, but has also affected the authority of the District Council and This is a misleading statement to the Governor and the people living outside the state and the KHADC takes action against this unfounded statement.
KSU President Samla Marngar said that no government department from now on should play with the welfare of the youth as a whole, as the list has appeared in the media. The mistake of the offices in charge of the offices is no longer an attempt to intimidate the students of the state.
Nongpoh: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District together with the MPUF, today at 8 pm, have deported dozens of foreigners who had intended to leave the country. Khyndai Lad and Laitumkhrah, after finding that they did not have proper documents, to come to work in the state.
He also urged the parents to cooperate with the teachers of the school so that the children and the school can grow and develop. of their children to be able to come freely to school so that their children can receive that education which is the most important thing in this age.
Raipur: Fourteen policemen, including the driver of a minibus, were killed when a powerful IED exploded in Bastar district of Chhattisgarh.
It was the time after the end of the 69 weeks of Daniel 9:2
Thus we see that as the number of churches increased and the number of people increased, the byrsieh byrsang also increased.
The kidnapped Nepali was released without any injuries while the two suspects were taken to Halflong Hospital where they died of their injuries.
The tournament will be held in November and will end on the 15th of July.
Since the opening of the Dorbar on 9 November 1946, the Constituent Assembly has met for three years from 1946 to
It was on the laws that Jesus confronted the Pharisees, Sadducees, scribes, priests and rulers of the Jews.
Shillong, Lber 27: The Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the new EC will not issue new Trading License to foreigners especially foreigners. in this state.
The sword shall be in your hand.
The Sur of the West will hold another event at Rambrai Market on the 29th of this month and Riangdo on the 30th.
Before that, it was decided that they should have thoroughly reviewed the OM, which will be implemented prospectively, without the need to turn around. shadien and 'retrospectively'.
In this regard, the union urges the shopkeepers and unions to provide the necessary documents before bringing in foreign workers.
SHILLONG: Despite the preparations for the MDC elections in JHADC and KHADC, the state government today decided to rename four roads in Shillong and honor Purno A Sangma by naming one. roads and stadiums in Tura.
There is nothing more evil than the desire of the heart.
At the age of 10-11 years, Langsning won and at the age of 12-13 years.
Tuesday Lytep, President FKJGP Jaintia Hills, expressed his strong opposition and demanded that the DMR department should take immediate action to improve this system for the benefit of all traders and not just a few.
In his speech as the Chief Guest, Bah PB O Warjri, congratulated the students who have passed well in various examinations and encouraged them to continue to improve.
As a result of these changes, the coal industry has changed dramatically.
The Golden Jubilee Celebration of the Dorbar Shnong Namdong-B was enriched by dances and songs by the children of the village and football match by the parents of the village who have reached the age of 50 years and above. The last welcome speech was delivered by the Secretary of the Village Council, Apostol Shadap.
My family from my parents and my mother (Hambertus Nongtdu) wanted me to train and they encouraged and supported me.
The State Reservation Policy will change to 80% of the residents of Meghalaya, regardless of whether they are Khasi-Jaintia or Garo. your skills are your job.
At the same time, he said that this will help the youth to remember their heritage.
About 12 kilometers from Nongriat, there is the Weitngam Valley, also known as the Rainbow Falls, which flows from Nohkalikai and Dainthlen. blue until near where we stand.
¢Do not do electrical work unless you are trained and educated in this field.
Federico Chiesa scored for Italy in the 60th minute, but Spain's Alvaro Morata equalized in the 80th minute.
On the other hand, the leaders of the MPs, MLAs, MDCs, elders and women said that all the MPs have not helped with any scheme.
Shillong: Bhaskar Malakar of Mawbah village, Shillong has lodged a complaint that on the 26th of this month, unidentified robbers stole 2 Two Maruti cars, a Maruti-800 (ML-05D-2054) and a Maruti Omni (ML-05A-7994) were seized from his workshop at KL Complex. , Dem Seing Village, Shillong.
However, even us Syiems are confused because many people need development schemes, but the Meghalaya government has often asked for them but it is difficult to provide them while Assam has been offering them. the time," said the King.
The Election Department has conducted various campaigns in the past few months and has spent a lot of money to attract the voters.
Furthermore, it is learned that this is not the first time that the company has been involved in the mining industry but last year, lower down the area, which has now been destroyed, has been involved in the mining industry. two or three vehicles, because landslides happen frequently especially during the rainy season and the main reason is that the contractors or land owners, only take the stone to sell elsewhere and do not shym cleaned exactly as required during the excavation of roads.
“The source of spread of the virus in previous years has been through sexual intercourse between those who have been infected and those who are still free of the disease but this year the spread of the disease has been caused by sexual intercourse. “It's a good idea to have a thyrnia among drug users,” she said.
Driver Iew Mnar FC, the winner of the tournament, received a cash prize of T.30,000 and a trophy, while Umkynsir SC, who lost the tournament, received a cash prize of T.30,000 and a trophy. In the final, she won a cash prize of T.15,000 and a trophy.
As usual, the Election Commission of Bhutan (ECB) has found suspicious people who intend to register voters,” said UDP Shillong City Working President Dr Jemino Mawthoh. Deputy Commissioner for East Khasi Hills Sanjay Goyal.
It is worth mentioning that since Bah Ardent resigned from the post of CEM, there has been a strong upheaval in KHADC where the post of CEM has had to be passed to the KHNAM but in the end it has reached KHNAM. KHNAM has taken over the post and has not yet arranged for the allocation of EMs to hold their portfolios.
He said that from now on, the KHADC should no longer accept any application for Tang Jait if a Dkhar woman has already received the Khasi Jait which can be changed through Affidavit, Tangjait or any other method.
How can we trust these Seng Riewlum of our country who only want to fight for power, to put turoi on themselves and do not show that desire for the development of the nation as written in their Constitutions? .
The players are not satisfied with the government's response or approval to our demands,” said Punia.
The report was launched by Conrad Sangma along with NPP leaders in the presence of thousands of NPP supporters. This month, he announced and confirmed the division of East Khasi Hills and announced that the new district will be the Sohra area and that Sohra will be its headquarters.
Know how many farmers know about that scheme.
