Why do we need to forget? It is important for us as followers of Jesus Christ because if we continue to remember it will cause danger and Satan can enter our minds to weaken and deceive us so that we cannot move forward.
The wise Creator who has placed witnesses like Lum Shyllong, Lum Sohpetbneng, Lum Diengïei and other mountains and valleys so that as a nation we will not lose our ownership of our land. As a nation, we have become a long-lived nation in which we have been blessed with the Khana Tang.
The family of Gauri Das and Sujata Thapa have lost all their belongings in the fire which destroyed an Assam-type house near Laban Bengalee Girls' Higher Secondary School. Laban Police Station.
In the first leg, Al-Nassr beat Al Fateh 5-0 to take three points.
Also present on the occasion were Lawyer Erwin K.Syiem Sutnga and Advisor to LNPRAC, Nehimayah Tyngkan, members of the leadership of 'Sur u Paidbah ka Bri u Hynniewtrep' including Chairman Bah Rastingwel. LNPRAC Chairman Comingson Dkhar, STIEH Leader Deiwi Tongper, along with the residents of these 36 villages.
This shows why he is considering the establishment of the International Solar Alliance (ISA) with 102 members in 2015, and why India has moved towards sustainable development through its Intended Nationally Determined Contribution ( INDC) under the Paris Agreement of COP-21 along with the commitments at COP-2
He said why it took three hours to say 'yes' or 'em' on the demands of the party.
Speaking to media, MPFWA President D.Daminot Sylliang said that their visit today is to urge the government to immediately ban the import of cattle. from others who can bring birdflu to the state.
Shillong, March 04 : U Chief Election Commissioner Rajiv Kumar together with Election Commissioner Anup Chandra Pandey today inaugurated the 10th Annual Voter Information Program at the Matdata Junction. The meeting was held at Akashvani Rang Bhavan, New Delhi.
Therefore, it is necessary to educate the future generations of the nation, so that this will not disappear in the midst of a world of many changes.
New Delhi: The Indian National Congress (INC) has decided to cover all the expenses of those day laborers who have to return to their villages by train.
After the joining of many people to the NPP, two Congress members and office bearers from Nongstoiñ have joined the National People's Party (NPP). NPP) Nongstoiñ Block.
The Seng will also conduct two more such trainings at Darang and Nongbareh and the assessment and certification of the participants will be conducted by the Food and Nutrition Department of Martin Luther Christian University, Shillong.
The death toll has risen to 25 from EKH: 15, WJH: 06, EJH: 01, NGH: 01, WKH: 01 and WGH: There are 6861 new cases and active cases in the State.
According to the documents sent to the BDO, these families through the Rangbah Shnong have requested in writing to the BDO to provide emergency assistance to them after they have encountered this. apot because they find it difficult to rebuild from poverty.
Only words of despair when we look at our own nation and the saying comes from time to time like this, like the mother of Tirot Singh sold her son, so we will sell one by one and we say that it is a raibi that comes down.
They said that the presence of this meat processing plant in West Jaintia Hills District will help to speed up the processing of meat in a clean manner, with the hope that the meat will be delivered to the consumers in a clean manner. suspicious.
The Khasi and Pnars have now begun to forget how to make khiew, or how to make pliang-thaw luta; and they began to forget to make themselves ornaments of gold and silver; and they began to forget the land of the living; and they began to forget their clothes.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Mukul Sangma, today said that a meeting of the Pradesh Election Committee (PEC) of the MPCC will be held tomorrow to discuss the issue of elections. candidates of the party to contest the mid-term elections in three constituencies.
Speaking to reporters, Pius said he has decided to contest the mid-term MDC election after meeting with the supporters.
However, if you harvest them for seed, you need to leave the riewhadem in the field for a long time until it is ripe.
Shillong: The East Jaintia National Council (ENC) has demanded that the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lakmen Rymbui, should arrest the owner and two operators of a coal mine where six coal miners have lost their lives. He was killed in an incident in Government in East Jaintia Hills District on 22nd July
“I voted for the Congress party which is strong but the national parties have changed many times, the Congress will give a stable government,” he said.
The Minister was responding to a question regarding the complaint of the KSU demanding that the names of 10 doctoral students from the Open Category should be removed on the grounds that they cannot “At present we cannot say anything on this as we are not the authority to remove the names of the victims. submission of documents to the DCs of the District.
It is indeed sad that foreigners through the Divide and Rule Policy have divided our Jaitbynriew into two parts, Khasi and Jaintia.
Shillong, Iaiong 13: The statue of Jesus Christ on one of the buildings of St. Peter's Higher Secondary School has not been destroyed by a fire. staff of the school as well as half of the school building.
In the 70 kg category, Ribasuk L Mawphlang came first, Ladapbiang Malieh came second and Pridalin Kurkalang came third.
He also requested any organization that appeals to the Council not to verify the existence of the organization by signing or sealing the organization's seal or not to participate in the complaint. The Council will not be able to take action on any complaint without any proof.
He urged the political parties in the ruling and opposition parties to take action together to bring the best to the people of the state through dialogue.
It is not known whether the building was built by the Assam State Transport Cooperation (ASTC) and was built by the Assam State Transport Cooperation (ASTC). The building was also found to have been planned to be built in a place behind the Khanapara Traffic Police of Assam. people and passengers.
The NSCN-IM today strongly criticized the Assam Rifles for violating the ceasefire agreement with the NSCN-IM by arresting its leader in Zeliang. 16th November, without any reason.
The main reason now is that the road which was built for the use of the public has turned into a parking lot for these white stone trucks.
Lots of people sleep with it setting an alarm so they can be notified about your workout progress.
At the time of the incident, there was a traffic jam due to the fact that commercial vehicles blocked the road and collided with the employees of the tollgate.
At the public meeting, Bah HS Shylla, who was an MLA/MDC and CEM of KHADC in the years 2004-2007, will speak on these issues. public, to attend this meeting.
Before the Chief Minister's speech, the Second Chief Minister, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, was allowed to speak at the meeting. He asked the Chief Minister to allow him to speak in Khasi and he continued his speech in Khasi. English is all your speech.
However, they did not know that they would be able to use the Temple only for the first three and a half years. The second three and a half years the beast would dwell inside the Temple in Jerusalem.
Meanwhile, before the Panchayat elections, the party released its implementation policy known as 'Sankalpatra'
The body of Akoijam Nongnganba (40) was recovered by the Kangpokpi Police from Changoubung village on the 11th of June last month. 2023).
We would like to suggest to the government to use these STEMS buses to transport and turn on government employees.
There are very few righteous, good and true people today.
Speaking at a meeting of party office bearers in Sohra on Saturday, Bah Alan said, “The village of ABKD should have elected MLAs but it has to take over.
Speaking on the issue, Bah Shangpliang said that milk is a nutritious food for the human body especially for children and the elderly.
Shillong: Former Nongshken MLA Donkupar Massar, who is also the NPP candidate from Ranikor constituency in the 2018 MLA election, has said that he does not know anything about the preparation of Martin M Dango MLA Ranikor to join the NPP. He has no knowledge of the entry of most of the Congress members from Ranikor constituency into the NPP.
Of course you have the right to show or express an opinion but show it in the right direction.
The short booklet contained articles that read 'Christianity is Samasya and our Mission is GharWapsi'
Therefore, he said that if the NEP is not implemented in the state now, what will happen in
“The counting of votes at all these 13 polling stations will start at 8 pm and initially the Postal Ballots will be counted for about 30 minutes and after that the EVMs will start,” said the CEO. The CEO, accompanied by the DEO and SP, personally inspected the polling station in East Khasi Hills which has been set up at Polo Ground, Shillong.
He said that hospitals have started to fill up these days and ICU rooms as well.
However, the minister said that the UDP gives tickets only to those people who have the power and who are likely to win.
After seeing the incident, the residents immediately informed the police, and the police under the leadership of Bah S.Nongrem Station Officer, Fire & Emergency Service Nongstoin, rushed to the scene. and with courage they were able to recover the body in a few moments.
The situation in Manipur has caused many problems to the villagers and the group has requested the Minister of Home Affairs to intervene in the provision of relief aid to ensure the safety and livelihood of the villagers. those people affected.
Shillong, July 27 : The Cabinet of Ministers of the MDA Government, which met today 27.6.2022, has decided to appoint the Chairman-cum-Managing Director (CMD) of MeECL. to oversee and supervise only the activities related to this electricity generation company of the state government.
There could be dozens or hundreds.
About 35 NSCN (Khaplang) members attacked an Assam Rifle camp on the India-Myanmar border at 2:30 pm, said SP Tirap District Ajit Kumar. Single.
She said that if they do not comply with the order, she will appeal to the National Commission for the Protection of Child Rights and the High Court.
Ronnie V Lyngdoh said that the board should have more than 15 members, while MMDSL has 31 members on its board.
However, the ILP can only be implemented by the Central Government through a Notification as it is not on the Union List (Sl.
In the match against Vijay Merchant in Golaghat, Meghalaya took the lead by 92 runs.
“Is that jacket clean?” asked Peter. “Yes, sir,” she said. While Peter was drinking, he told his mother about the conversation with the owner. You are a very good man,” said the mother.
This comes after he accepted penalties for 232 violations of the Football Association's (FA) rules against gambling in sports.
For the tournament, there will also be a preparatory training for the team from the 15th to the 24th of this month in Shillong.
Others who attended the ceremony included Kong RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi, Leaders of Ri Bhoi Durbar including Bah RB Shadap, Bah CB Syiem and other dignitaries of Ri Bhoi District. hi all.
“On the other hand, the party says clearly that the party will not hold its hands, will not shut its ears and will not close its eyes when it sees this danger, because the party It is ready to fight against this issue and is ready to throw fire or blood if the relevant authorities do not act immediately and completely remove those who fight against the last rights of the Jaitbynriew. ka bat,” said the statement.
Modi, who wants to portray himself as a great man of the world, must therefore prevent acts of violence and atrocities against his fellow countrymen, but retain the religious freedom of the Constitution , said Dr John Dayal in a statement.
Also remember to drink water during the rainy season to protect against many diseases.
He also spoke about the importance of being kind to others.
The case was filed by Devi after her 11-year-old daughter, Sontashi, died in Simdega district of Jharkhand. This happened on 28th November 2018 and this is because the district authorities have not issued ration to the victim because she does not have Aadhar.
Its loss increased from T.4,793 crore in 2016-17 to T.7,993 crore in 2017-18 and then to T.14,202 crore in 2018-1
He said that due to the lack of adequate playground, they used to hold parakhynnah to play on the banks of the Nondeiñ River.
It is estimated that in these days, about 15 tonnes, about 10 pounds, of cucumber has been left underground or used to feed pigs.
The walkway was unveiled on Sunday in the presence of US Secretary of State for Israel David Friedman and US Senate Member Lindsey Graham.
St.Joseph Girls Higher Sec School, Jaiaw 8.
In a statement, the President of KJDSTA, Babu Kular Khongjirem, said that although the Director has expressed his difficulty in releasing the arrear of the teachers, but after the request. of teachers, has released the arrear along with the salary for the month of November.
Think carefully and decide on the right path for the future,” said Bah Ardent.
Mutskhem Sari won the best athlete title in the men's under-14 category and Turoi Phawa won the best athlete title in the women's category.
It is indeed hopeful if the people who serve God will continue to pray for the country and the nation even in the midst of such days when there is no time for good things.
“Why do they arrest the small and the big ones immediately while the big ones don't do anything when the CBI has enough evidence,” said Kong Agnes.
The SP said that the group involved in this robbery is similar to the robbery that happened in recent years when the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has taken over the robbery. responsibility.
“I am pleased that although there is a problem due to the outbreak of the disease in the state, many of the works have gone smoothly and if we can we have set a deadline to complete before the end of this year. year"he said.
“The urgent passage of the Prevention of Disqualification (Amendment) Act, 2015 will be one of the issues that the party will contest in the mid-term MDC elections,” he said. Chyne added that the government has passed this Act, which is a waste of time and energy.
This is despite the fact that there is a change or a lack of symptoms of the disease.
The men's awards for the 4th North East Zonal Blind Football Championships were as follows, Promising Youngster – Nyonyok Tolom (Arunachal Pradesh), Best Goalkeeper – Taning Markia (Arunachal Pradesh), Best Defender – Boje Marbom (Arunachal Pradesh), Top Scorer – Klingson D Marak (Meghalaya), Player of the Tournament – ​​Klingson D Marak (Meghalaya). Promising Youngster – Ribanlin Lyngdoh (Meghalaya), Best Goalkeeper – Jemima Sema (Nagaland), Best Defender – Initoli Zhimome (Nagaland), Top Scorer – Marylin (Nagaland) ), Player of the Tournament – ​​Marylin (Nagaland).
Meghalaya's first match will be on March 16 against Hyderabad in Jaipur.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi District ASHA Union (ASHA Union) today held a New Year celebration at the NSCA Pahamsyiem Ground, Ri Bhoi District.
“If there is no concern, Meghalaya will soon become a state of Manipur,” he said.
“My general experience was anxious because we didn’t know what was going on.
However, the Chairman of the PDF, Bah PN Syiem, while talking to reporters, said that the CEM's statement is impossible. “We are from the biggest party across the country, how can we join the ARPA?” said Bah Pynshngain. .
All of them are from Rymbai village.
Dennyson Kyrsian (U-21) and Shirley Mary Kharbuli (U-17) will be the shooters.
At present, the violation of the Election Commission (MCC) has been rare in the state and there have been no serious incidents.
Ma Moosyiem Sutnga is a retired Joint Secretary of the PWD (R&B) Government of Meghalaya.
They had gone to Arcadia for their needs and a patrolman opened fire as they were walking out of their vehicle.
Nitin Gadkari – Minister of Road Transport and Highways; and Minister of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises4.
Nongpoh, November 22: A man has died after being hit by an unidentified vehicle on the Shillong Bye Pass at Umeit village while he was walking on the Shillong Bye Pass. The incident happened at 6 pm this evening when the 46-year-old man, Standshanding Kharkongngor, was on his way home from work. However, a vehicle hit the man until he was seriously injured and died without being able to catch the vehicle.
This is a special day for Nisilia Majaw as she has scored six goals alone and is also the first player to score six goals in this tournament this season.
Guwahati: A video of a speech by Badruddin Ajmal, leader of the All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF), has gone viral.
The DMK youth group has rallied against the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) in Chennai this morning.
udp doesn't have teachers...how can you trust it?
Nongstoiñ: The SSA Teachers Association (SSA) in West Khasi Hills District, today held a meeting to strengthen the SSA Teachers' Association (SSA) in West Khasi Hills District. The All Meghalaya SSA Teachers Association (AMSSATA) Nongstoin Block has elected its full office bearers on 10th March.
The four leaders said that after the meeting with the CS, they will go to explain to the 47 job seekers who are still on strike today, including who went to the hospital.
Meanwhile, HSPDP MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit said that the change of words of the armed groups by saying to protect the people but killing is a sad thing.
Shillong, Nailar 4 : Due to the delay in the completion of the PMGSY road in Rongsak village, West Garo Hills and the lack of traffic especially during the rainy season, the elderly have had to leave their homes. An elderly man has been seriously injured when he fell from a tree while picking kwai in this village.
They also took a public holiday on the 3rd of November and on Tuesday the 4th of November they held a dharna.
Shiningstar Suchen scored the first goal for Shymplong SC in the 29th minute while Juh Lyngdoh scored the second goal for Iapmala Wahshnong SC in the 38th minute.
What the Kur proposes to the village is related to the house tax which was planned to be collected by the French.
During the inspection, he witnessed with his own eyes the collapse of a road leading to the border haat and also at the guard post of the Border Security Force and also at the guard post of the Border Security Force. Your signboard will be destroyed.
The laying ceremony was attended by Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Bah Balajied Ranee, MDC, senior government officials, Rangbah Shnong, elders of the area. Umden with others.
Alia Bhatt has brought fame and glory to India at the Met Gala for the first time in a dress designed by Prabal Gurung. .
On the other hand, Bah D.Jyndiang expressed the hope that the State and Central levels of the party will approve this proposal from the Nongstoiñ Mandal.
We need the Dorbar Shnongs to support the Government and we will be able to provide assistance to the youth who have become addicted to drugs,” said the Minister of Social Welfare.
Therefore, in the name of the MPF, they demanded the appointment of the Leader of the Opposition, the recognition of the MPF as the Opposition Party and the appointment of the Chief Whip of the Opposition and the Lamphang has done so.
Woe to us as a nation if we rely on the robbers because even what we already have will be plundered and destroyed by foreign powers.
For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places.
At such times, the authorities should not worry about whether they have neem cards but should give them to every household.
The semi final will start on 3rd June 2023 and end on 30th June 2023 and will be online.
One of the committees set up by the government is headed by the Director of Infiltration, and the committee should collect information on the entry and exit points of the mynder who come to the state, he said. The committee has been given two months to bring in the entry and exit points for foreigners entering and leaving the state.
During the two-day event, there were many different activities, including dancing, singing, traditional music and a group as a sign of encouragement.
Shillong, Naitung 25 : The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to release the arrears of the employees of the Council including those who are currently working and those who have retired. those who are former MDCs.
Manish Sharma scored 8/14 in 15 overs.
Besides the name of Bah PT Sawkmie, the names that have appeared include Minister of State Paul Lyngdoh, former CEM of KHADC Titosstarwell Chyne and Bah Jemino Mawthoh. They have decided to contest the MP Lok Sabha Election 2024 from Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
He said that he is grateful to the CBC, Shillong for organizing this exhibition and added that this will help to inform the people and especially those who are taught about the sacrifice of these heroes from the country. for the good of the country.
These groups said that the land acquisition should be in accordance with the provisions of the Land Acquisition Rehabilitation and Settlement Act, 2013 to ensure that the residents will not become victims of the signboard on the border.
He said that this is to strengthen the number of health workers and improve the quality of services in the remote health centers in the rural areas.
Archbishop Most Rev Victor Lyngdoh was welcomed by the Archdiocesan Administrator of Shillong, Sohblei John Madur, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek and the priests. Shillong Catholic Association and leaders of the Catholic Association.
"I am not the only one and not only this phone, but all my phones have been stolen," Rahul told reporters.
We are doing it for the sake of the state and the people,” he said.
In preparation for this festival, the Seng Khasi, Kmie will start playing ksing at the ground floor of the Seng headquarters in Mawkhar, Shillong, starting from the 24th of October at 5 pm.
Referring to the special program for the health workers, the RBWO, distributed certificates to several persons and donated food items to the health workers of 25 villages in the country. this area.
“There is no difference of opinion within the NPP on the CAA. The statement of MP Agatha Sangma does not mean that it is the statement of the party.
However, according to sources, there will be a struggle for the Congress ticket between the two Congress leaders in Nongstoin, but the Congress members in Nongstoin are more discouraged. Dr. Adviser to contest the mid-term elections and they did not like Bah Gabriel.
Babu Anthony Pohrmen, Headmaster of St Joseph School Nongtalang, in his speech, urged the students to strive hard so that they can reach their goals.
The festival will feature a variety of competitions and participation from various schools from East Jaintia Hills District and others including a walk by the group from Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat Higher Secondary School, Sein Jait Tuber Hr Secondary Schools and others from Sutnga and Rymbai.
He said that after Bah D.Hynñiewta left Pynursla Civil Sub-Division, a senior IAS Officer was appointed as SDO (Civil) in Pynursla. The IAS chief has called on all the traders to join the parking yard and it is here that the group has been named Ka Bri U Hynniew Trep Exporter & Importer Association. The IAS officer understood that those groups were opposed for unfounded reasons and when he asked questions they could not answer or refuse. They explained that they used to smuggle from parts of Ri-Bhoi and Jaintia which it is unbelievable that they would still benefit from the stone trade to Bangladesh through Pynursla. in the manner of selling and buying, then the IAS officer realized that it was not going anywhere and he ended the meeting.
Police have not been able to confirm whether the man died of drowning or murder, but police are conducting an investigation and are awaiting the postmortem report. in order to discover all the facts.
He appealed to the party workers to bring more supporters so that the Trinamool Congress in Mawsynram Block can win so that 2023 will be the year of change.
West Jaintia Hills 8 people have been screened.
He also announced that the government will work hard to honor all the athletes who won medals at the Meghalaya Games which was held recently in Shillong.
The union has also demanded that the Inner Line Permit (ILP) should be issued in the state, but the government has immediately issued the CAA to honor and count the children of those who have arrived in the state. The rights of the indigenous people and especially from the North East as a whole have begun to be violated.
Sometimes if there are MPs who are good at speaking, but they are from small parties or MPs without a party, they don't get the opportunity to speak at length.
Police have recovered 1.13 grams of heroin, 417 small and empty plastic bottles, 39 injection syringes, 2 mobile phones, a Tata Intra Pikup. don number ML05-Z-9479.
It can be said that in the past two years, the outbreak of COVID-19 has affected the minds of parents, teachers and students, because in the ship of education They have been severely affected by the fact that they have to follow various rules to prevent the spread of COVID-1
The patient has been admitted to the hospital since 4th November
Shillong, November 20: The Convener of the Maitshaprang Movement, Bah Michael Syiem, today announced that the Maitshaprhang Movement has prepared an indefinite strike, as the government still does not believe in the implementation of the Meghalaya Compulsory Registration. of Marriage Act was passed by the Legislative Assembly in
It was a very competitive match but the players from both the teams did not play any injury – with only one yellow card issued.
Hardware shops will be open on Tuesdays, Fridays from 9 am to 4 PM.
The ancestors stand on the foundation of the nation, they were ready to fight against such things that you criticize and accuse.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that the government will try its best to regain the lost reputation of Shillong as a center of excellence.
“This shows that the Government is trying to undermine the justice system and the refusal to correct the mistakes made by the Police,” said the MPHRC. that there is a violation of human rights, such allegations shall be conducted by an impartial investigation and if any person is found to be a violator of the law, the Government shall be punished. “I urge the Government Commission not to sit idly by and watch all the incidents related to the violation of human rights, but to take immediate action. The MPHRC has taken steps to conduct an investigation into the violence committed by the police and government officials,” said the MPHRC. The Dulir, which has been in force since 1948, ensures that each and every citizen has the right to protection and security which cannot be separated from the dignity and freedom of human dignity. of all".
In June this year, up to 2600 people were arrested by the Assam Police in the crackdown against child marriage in the state.
In the Kur as a whole, there has never been a healthy person who has brought such a name and honor to the Kur as a whole, but it is only this Samla who has been the first son of the Kur as a whole to reach this point. Your goal is to become the winner of the SSLC exam
For more information, please contact the organizers.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Andrew expressed his pleasure to be able to take part in the competition and to talk to the young men and women who came to take part in this competition.
Evangel Pohplet has won the title belt and the Best Female Boxing Champion of India at the National Boxing Championship 2022 held in Jaipur.
From time to time, it has been heard that the government plans to revive these famous rivers.
Mats Hummels has returned to play for Germany, but his return has opened the way for France to win the Euro Cup, as Hummel has Let's thep hi shi goal, sha go go lajong.
The Bible Society of India Mawkyrwat Branch was established in 1972 and in 2023 it will celebrate its 50th anniversary. Church) and Pastors by placing Donation Boxes on this day as a sign to raise funds for the construction of the BSIMB building in Mawkyrwat to commemorate the day and year of the celebration. the Golden Jubilee of the Bible Society of India Mawkyrwat Branch.
In the complaint, he said that he has not yet received the original because he has not paid the T.80 lakh to the Acting Syiem and Minister Kharpan. He confirmed his allegation and also has a CD Recording.
“Tourists can get infected because it is in Sohra and this will lead to the spread of the disease,” he added.
The Khasi States refused to sign the Instrument of Merger as did other former States of India.
Therefore, our goal as HCN is to open the door for those who want to watch Khasi programs to subscribe to this Network.
“Bah Hek has worked hard for Vincent Pala,” said the BJP leader. Shibun, the BJP candidate, received 6,984 votes. Vincent Pala, the Congress candidate, received only 4,183 votes.
They were attended by 1,200 members of the National South Indian River Interlinking Agriculturalists Association, led by its leader, UP Ayyakannu.
Experts from the Meghalaya Non-Conventional and Rural Energy Development Agency (MRDA) gave a detailed explanation on the steps taken on how to use renewable energy and their ability to operate. within the state.
After the suit and shor at the Langdoh's house, they went to the Behkymphui dance and when they reached Nan Ñiaw Wyrnai, the religious leaders and the children of the niamtre took part in the sum and sleh in the faith to cleanse themselves. to have a healthy body.
It is learned that the couple were supposed to get married last Saturday and it was arranged by their parents.
“It’s just an ancient story.
Police have been monitoring the vehicle, which was marketed at the parking lot at Khlieh Iewduh and when they searched, they found an ark of money, which was covered with cellotape.
Superintendent of Police Abhinandan Singh has conducted an investigation into the incident.
After the clash with the police, some of the protesters reached the gate of the Governor's House and it was at this time that the police started firing lathi bombs and lyer pynsatkhmat to disperse the crowd. The crowd began to flee the scene.
Shillong: A petrol pump near Pomshutia has been robbed at 8.45 pm this morning.
At this competition, expert doctors gave their opinions on the topic of 'Skills Sets in Surgical Oncology' and up to 175 research papers were submitted.
After the raising of the flag, the full dance began.
This means that they will undermine or undermine the foundation on which the Sengbhalang stands.
Because of the changes in the political situation in the past few months, he said he knows that in the coming months he doesn't see what will happen in 2023 especially after he Nongpoh: Police have arrested 11 Congress MLAs from Jerobad Police Outpost at 10 pm this morning. A large quantity of heroin worth more than T.14 crore was seized from a truck coming from Manipur and heading to Guwahati, Assam.
This action of the robbers is to defame the party and its member (Angela Rangad).
This announcement has surprised the people and they have come out to express their opposition and doubt that the JMB will come to break them in Pangit.
Now there are many ways of thinking that if you don't have wealth, you will be thrown away.
Also present on the occasion was Bah kynsing Lyngshiang, MLA candidate 2023 from the NPP who led Kong Ampareen to meet with these office bearers.
This celebration is often known as their dedication.
Releasing the borrowing of T.3,527 crore, the revenue allocated will be T.23,545 crore, he said, adding that the allocation for expenditure is T.27,072 crore, while the revenue expenditure is T.23,072 crore. .19,653 crore and capital expenditure will be T.7,419 crore.
The Prime Minister denied the allegation that the bill is tied after the MLAs/MDCs, saying that the government has passed according to the rules enshrined in the Constitution of India.
The company made this announcement after hearing reports that the exchange and replacement of the T.2000 note will no longer work.
Shillong, November 1: As in other protests, it has been seen that the police have been smam with weapons prepared in case of any riots and disturbances among the crowd, but on the 30th Last Saturday, when the Sengbhalang held a rally at Madan Student, no police came to the scene and no stem color iong was seen even outside Madan Student.
It is surprising to know that a Khasi who is very wise to take care of those who count shyieng.
They need a lot of light from the strong sun, so sometimes they plant the following trees which can cover the garden and fertilize the soil with the leaves that fall from the ground. ki: Albizzia lebbec (white sirris, Albizza procora, Dalbergia Assamese, Dalbergia sissoo (the shisham tree), and Dorris robusta.
Shylla said that the ARPA of KHADC led by Bah Ardent has misused the powers and authorities given to them under the 6th Schedule as empowered by the Constitution of India for the purpose of to provide protection to the nation in terms of land, customs and traditions and others.
He said that his brother has decided to sit on hunger strike along with Goldy Warjri and Bah Adelbert until the government listens to their demand to pass the VAB. He said that no one has visited him from his home in Sohra, but there are some relatives who live in Shillong who have visited him. and they went to Sohra to see him.
When the construction of the tunnel to improve this road has caused a lot of fear to the people who have to pass through this road as it appears that it is still stalled and slow without being able to speed up the work. for there are no servants.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Charles Marngar said that the KHADC's refusal to pay the Transit Pass fee for goods including Synsar, Latyrpad and Sohmrit Khlaw, has caused problems to the farmers. The farmers who earn their living from this industry, because the traders who come to buy these products are no longer able to buy, due to the payment of the Transit Pass fee.
He said that the government's goal now is to send the residents to set up SOPs, such as in areas where there are no markets, the Hima Mylliem has been directed to ensure that the shopkeepers follow. “Now it is no longer the responsibility of the government to ban the people from going outside, but it is the responsibility of the people to follow the SOPs such as wearing masks, social distancing. one.
They also write Mynriang stream but this river should no longer be called stream but river.
While implementing the rules for coal mining in the rural districts of Meghalaya, the Government of Meghalaya has to ensure compliance with the MMDR Act, 1957, the Mines Act, 1952 and the Environment (Protection) Act,
Regarding the company's operations in the region, Raju Ranjan Prasad, Asst. Executive Director, Dalmia Cement said, “At Dalmia Cement, we have a goal to improve the quality of human life and society. community in addition to income generation in the surrounding villages in the area where we operate.
In the picture, 808 saris were seen seized on November 5, 2023.
Shillong, July 17 : The Mawjatap Sports Club not only looks after and develops sports but also focuses on other areas such as the development of the talents of youth and children in music. , dance and more.
Speaking to media, Vice Chairman of the DSC in the presence of Pullstar Nongrum and Marcus Lapasam, Members of the DSC, said that the advertisement on various posts of the DSC has been issued. DSC was announced in 2020 but due to the outbreak of Covid-19, the recruitment examination has been postponed until 2021 and Court Order directed to implement the Roster System.
Explaining on this false news, the MLA of Sutnga Saipung Constituency said, “On my part, I have nothing to do with the BJP party, but this news is only to spread rumors. which is also a scientific trick of those who want to confuse my supporters in the upcoming 2023 elections.
“It is sad to hear the TMC's statement, because the same people did not do anything to resolve the border issue when they were in the Government or Congress many years ago, now When the settlement started and up to 6 disputed areas were resolved and just because they wanted to change the political issue they wanted to violate the right of the people to live peacefully in the border areas.
Both of them were featured in the kilanmet program which was welcomed by the authorities in charge of the team.
Shillong: U Prestone, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on Tuesday said that if there is such a discrimination against the Bengalis in Ichamati and Bholaganj, why don't they come to complain to the state government.
KHNAM President Thomas Passah, President KHNAM, State Youth, said that the government should publish the names of the people so that there will be transparency especially on the money used by the government to avoid corruption. Wing.
However, looking at the actions of the government, it seems that Meghalaya is a very rich state, while the recruitment of officials who have not passed interview or political appointment is very low.
“Initially, there were only 7 cases but now it has risen to 11,” said Prof Phukan.
Shillong: After the blast at Soo Kilo, the Doloi of Sutnga District has been arrested when the members have spoken to him on the phone.
“There are many things that we need to tell and explain to the people especially to remove from their minds the misunderstanding,” she said.
It is suspected that there are people who have not informed the police.
The farmers who came forward to speak out against this include Bah Khil Maring, Bah Mary Rose Makri and Bah Jermel Makri.
The previous government had set up a Sub Center in Psiar for several years, and we see that at that time the Assam Government did not oppose much because they did not want to use Psiar at that time. The Sub Center should be established as it is now.
Shillong, Naitung, 31: U Prime Minister, Narendra Modi on Tuesday praised the efforts of Meghalaya for taking full part in the celebration of the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav and recalled the courage of Meghalaya. the brave warrior of the State of Tirot Singh.
652 projects related to income generation such as improvement of market places and start-up incubation centers have been completed and another 267 projects are ongoing.
In a meeting with the Rangbah Dong of Umpling Umjathang, Bah K.Kharumlong and the members of the Executive Committee, Bah Sawkmie, former MLA, expressed his satisfaction to see the progress of the construction of the classroom. almost immediately, as well as the football field.
The fire consumed the entire contents of the house and in this incident there was no tragic news.
They also said that the Association will strengthen its efforts to address the issues of contractors and suppliers, as many of the contractors and suppliers in Ri Bho have been harassed and suffer from The reason for the lack of employment opportunities for contractors and suppliers.
On 26th November, the Meghalaya High Court had directed the state government to expedite the measures to resume coal mining.
We should strongly support Bah Samuel B Jyrwa as the leader of NESO,” said Bah Sounder.
However, the question is, how much this era of social media will really affect the MLA Elections 2023 which will be held soon on 27th June
The two leaders admitted that hundreds of Congress members have decided to leave the party due to the MPCC leader's failure to listen to the demands of the members from Unit, Circle, Youth Congress, Mahila and Block.
Alom Mazumdar of Assam won the Open title with 81⁄2 points, Singh Soram Rahul (Assam) came second with 8 points and Silkam Sangma of Meghalaya won the title with 7 points. point) came in fourth place.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said, “This meeting of the MLAs in the MDA government today is to He said that the opposition has filed a no confidence motion.
On the occasion of the Republic Day, various rebel groups in the North East have also imposed a curfew to protest against the day.
This news has also been heard from the Japanese media in the past few days.
), then 24 Non-Electric Detonators, then 9 m of Safety Fuse/Cordtex.
We will not allow the workers to continue their work until the road can be repaired and given as the old road,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Dr Mukul said there is no need to worry about how many MLAs there are, but the important thing is to take a firm decision to join hands in the fight against corruption.
Another joy for the state is that he has also become the captain of India (in the Under-20 category) and has played with Gurkirat Singh. He will play for India in the SAFF U20 Championship in Bhubaneswar before leading the Blue Tigers in the U20 AFC Cup Qualifiers in Kuwait.
HDR Lyngdoh, MLA Sohiong constituency, has spent T.92 lakh to build 200 new houses at a cost of T.40,000 each. T.23 lakh has been spent to repair 200 houses. T.12 lakh has been spent to rebuild 50 houses at a cost of T.20,000 each.
“Now let us ask why the TMC, which is part of the INDIA Bloc, has come to an agreement on the constituencies in West Bengal.
This also threatens the State and the North East, we in the North East are low paid and if these foreigners enter the North East or the states in the North East especially Meghalaya will be affected by these foreigners. Bangladeshi citizens are highly paid, said Pariat.
Shyiap, maw etc, Seng Bhalang, women, parents, youth of Jaintia and Khasi Hills also to speak and take a decision.
The Governor's explanation was based on a letter received from the CMJ University Advisor on Legal Affairs, SP Sharma, which he received on 24th June
“You have seen how easy it is to lead to those things.
Sangma said this in response to a question raised by Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem, who mentioned in the newspaper that the Forest Department has failed to curb the smuggling of rnga in the country. state.
On the other hand, the SDO said that the numbers of the trucks taken by the Seng during the inspection should be given to her as she is still in need and she will send them. officer to check the documents of these trucks without proper documents will drive them away.
In Ri Khasi, it is estimated that there are 72 newspapers published from the beginning to the present day.
Nongstoiñ, Ïaiong 13: The residents of the border areas with Assam, have faced serious problems in transportation, illness and walking due to the lack of transportation. good roads to their villages.
Spanish scientists have found that politicians who live in poverty are more likely to win elections.
Although the man has been missing since noon, the search for him using puh shilum has continued until dark.
Therefore, I don't find any reason to preach such a threat.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that he does not want the post of Chief Minister of the State; However, he said that his aim is to serve the people of the State.
The group led by Bah Titos W Chyne left the House after the Ruling Party did not accept their proposal to send the Bill to the Select Committee after it was passed. This is the Bill.
In politics, the party needs to unite, lead and educate the people so that the power of the people will be valuable.
He said that among those who have not paid their electricity bill are large factories which use industrial high tension equipment. low tension The debt to be paid is T.40.1 crore, the debt to be paid by workplaces or commercial is T.21 crore, and there are also T.21 crore from other places where they have to pay. At the same time, Conrad urged everyone to cooperate by paying the electricity bill properly to avoid the problem of electricity shortage.
The Government of India has written to all states warning against the use of N-95 masks with valved respirators. that these do not protect against the coronavirus and are also the sources of entry into the human body.
The relatives of the two men have lodged a complaint with the Mawngap Police Station.
Without a Creator, heaven cannot exist and without a Maker, this universe cannot exist as it is without a Creator, said the Missionary.
Shillong: The body of Dr. John L Sailo Ryntathiang was laid to rest at the cemetery of Riatsamthiah Presbyterian Church in Lawmali.
“However, on November 23, 2023, the Lyngdoh has appointed an acting Rangbah Shnong without any consent of the villagers. “The KHADC on 19th July 2023 has issued an order to immediately remove the Acting Rangbah Shnong, but the Lyngdoh has not yet removed him,” he said. and decided to demand from the Lyngdoh to clarify the allegation that these villages have robbed the Hima land and stolen the Hima money within two days. “It's a strong road against this Lyngdoh of the Hima,” he added.
The final match was also attended by Kong Balarina Syiem, District Sports Officer, West Khasi Hills.
Before the programme, Conrad laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Higher Secondary School at a cost of T.10 crore.
The Chairperson of the Council shall be appointed by the President of the KSU and the Vice Chairperson shall be appointed by the Presidents of the GSU and JSU. The committee will be chaired by the Chief Secretary of the state.
“We belong to a terrorist group known as the Terrorizers1
Bah Pirit Talang in his speech, said that all the residents of the village should follow the rules of procedure of the village and said that they should work together with the village leaders, so that the implementation of this Constitution, it shall be successful and it shall be easier to conduct the affairs of the Shnong in accordance with the Constitution of the Shnong.
Droupadi Murmu, 64, is from Odisha and was the former Governor of Jharkhand from 2015-2
However, as Pastor Phawa could not come due to illness, they returned to work and will meet again on Tuesday.
Shillong, July 04 : The Tramline Badminton Academy congratulates all the players, managers and coaches who will take part in the 66th National School Games to be held at Gwalior, Madhya Pradesh from 8th to 12th July
At present, the district councils have become too expensive because they have no authority before the state government.
Others present were the Secretary of the Tura LYC, DC Stevie Marak, Donbosh N Sangma, General Secretary, DCC West Garo Hills and Chairman of the Tura Municipal Board.
Young life is not easy because there are too many challenges.
""# R.W.4.
Others should follow the example of this woman who has the spirit of giving to help others at this time of crisis, said the Waheh Shnong.
How can you spend money?
Khliehriat, Jymmang 20 : The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, in a statement, has announced the release of the NFSA ration for the month of July 2023 in East Jaintia Hills District.
At the end of the celebration, which was held at the village ground, various games were held.
They also said that when they reached the Mawranglang Viewpoint, they said that the presence of the Wah Rilang has already attracted their eyes to see the beauty and also at Tynrong, Mawlangwir. They also expressed their gratitude to the villages and district authorities for their efforts to complete and erect their monuments. King and of Ministers.
Tomorrow, there will be a thunderstorm with a speed of 30 to 40 km per hour and thunderstorms in parts of the state.
Government vehicles or Government Buildings shall not be used for election purposes, nor shall places of worship be used as campaign centres.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: Another C&RD Block has been inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma in Garo Hills today.
The Secretary Shnong, Ma Thadius Phalangki, said that the village is sorry to have such a person from this village and in the Dorbar of the village decided to oppose and eliminate such people who destroy the image of the society. .
“However, the state government has reduced the Council's revenue from 40 per cent to 25 per cent,” said Bah Syiem.
Brighstar Chyrmang MDC 14 bags, Jowai Central MDC Awhai Andrew Shhullai 10 bags, Dowell Auto 23 bags, Dowell Auto 23 bags, the union of the Catholic Church, Jowai 5 byrni, Shiv Mandir Committee 1 quintal, and members of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong which has reached 100 byrni.
They were found in a coal mine at ChapChap, near Umsali, on the road from the DC Khliehriat office to Rymbai.
Hebrews 11:3
From the information that has been gathered, we suspect that the person involved in this case is a close friend of the family of the Chief Minister, Conrad K. .United.
The SDO of PHE (Electrical Sub-Division Jowai), Bah R.Nongtdu said that God created water on earth and there is 70 percent water in this world. the forests, the animals in the environment and finally he has put mankind in charge of all his creatures to take care of the environment including the waters and rivers. “On the part of the department, we are looking for ways and means to preserve the water,” he urged the people to take responsibility for the preservation of the water. We don't have a problem in delivering water pipes to the villages but the problem we face is the distance of the water wells, because many of the water wells have deteriorated and are no longer suitable for drinking. The World Water Day was held to raise awareness among the public that water will be more expensive than petrol. “It is very important because without water we cannot live, there are places where people stand in line to get water to get drinking water,” he said. In 1993, the UN decided to declare the 22nd of October as World Water Day in Brazil. The SDO-PHE RWS Sub-Division Khliehriat, Bah M.Pasah, Scientists of Trinity International also delivered a speech. Jowai, Lber 23: Twenty-four youths including 11 women and 13 men have completed their training to become security officers in the country. This is the view of the Bouncer Association of Meghalaya (BAM).
The two injured were identified as Dharmendra Vari and Gopal Bahadur Magar, residents of Baksa district.
Dr Bishnoi said that almost all the countries of the world have been affected by this alcohol and only the Vatican City has been free from this alcoholic beverage which he has not been able to enter.
Because the saying goes, start from home, he is good enough to speak in the Assembly but he doesn't have the ability to speak or explain to the people of the constituency.
After 2 months, the district administration came to inspect with the union and saw with their own eyes that these people who live in the survey area are illegal residents and not only that. Police also know that the smuggling of drugs in Shillong is from this area.
Together with the knife, the mohkhiew, the proh and the khoh, they cleaned the shyngiar as part of the campaign to raise awareness among the villagers.
The new cases include EGH: 3, EKH: 64, RBD: 4, SWGH: 2, SWKH: 1, WGH: 2, WJH: 7 and WKH:
Speaking to media, Dondi Khongsit, General Secretary of FKJGP, said that this lack of attention of the state government has brought about the problem not only to the FKJGP. The residents of this area, but also to the visitors, where it has been a shame, because of the snow, the market of this place.
Bah Winning G.Sungoh in his speech praised the initiative of Bah Pyndaplang Muksor and wished him to continue in this field especially in this time of unemployment for the youth.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that he is not afraid to call for a public hearing on the allegations of the UDP if the the public needs to do that.
Mairang: The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in an order issued today has informed that after testing all the high risk contacts in Mairang Mission Village and the village Umthied Bynther, The Containment Order for these two villages has been lifted from today, 21st June,
Elvis said that the union together with the Dorbar Shnong Umran Parila have requested the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to open the MCH as the MCH has been implemented since 2018 which includes Quarters and other requirements.
The BJP may have a lot of money as it has already closed all the hotels in Dhupguri (North Bengal) for the mid-term elections to ensure that no hotels should be exempt. for others," Banerjee said.
“I urge them not to interfere with the work of the NHP and not even to misuse the name of the party.
The District Jail in Nongstoiñ, which was started in 2005 and was implemented under the NLCPR SOR PWD Building 2000-01 scheme at a cost of Rs 6.25 crore, was planned to be completed within 2005-0 years, but until now it has not been completed.
He also suggested that good closed circuit televisions (CCTV) should be used inside the hotel so that the faces of the people can be seen clearly.
Because they are the best caregivers to care for us in times of trouble and distress.
“The procedure for the owners to operate petrol pumps at this stage will be clean and transparent and will be by cleaning up the luck as much as those who are lucky will get,” he said.
Heavy fighting broke out on the Line of Control (LOC) in Machhal Sector in Kupwara.
The residents protested against the erection of the tax collection gate by the employees of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC).
Even from Umshyrpi Bridge to Lumjingthang Hindu/Muslim Bridge to Mawprem (Sharum TB Hospital) can be constructed to make Shillong more beautiful.
The Deputy Commissioner (DC) East Khasi Hills today issued an order to close all schools in Dangar area of ​​Mawsynram Block. in heaven.
On this occasion, u Newoneborn Suchiang, before giving these speeches as the leader, also gave a speech of advice and encouragement to the children who are in the children's home and NEIMA. also a prayer for these children that God will bless and help them in their daily lives.
The ambulance was welcomed by the President of Sahsniang, Bah Overfive Biam. Speech was also delivered by the Waheh Shnong of Sahsniang, Poimon Laloo, President of Donbok. Dkhar, and Habahun Dkhar Local MDC as the chief guest.
It is not necessary to fertilize the soil because if there is too much nitrogen, the leaves will become thicker and therefore not good, especially for cigarettes.
If they do this, we will praise them,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Assam Rifles, Laitkor, today donated a basketball court and a badminton ground to the Nongkrem Youth Development Association (NYDA). NYDA office bearers, Nongkrem Dorbar Village Officers, Assam Rifles, youth and residents attended the ceremony.
There was no permission from the government authorities for the manufacture of pataka bombs in the house," he added.
At the same time, police said that they are investigating whether these people were involved in the robbery at a pork shop in Sookilo market in the past few days, which was also admitted by the HNLC. Nongpoh. :On receiving information that Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister and Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, will visit Umrit village to lay the foundation stone for the construction of the road. The FKJGP, Western Ri Bhoi, on Tuesday expressed its gratitude to the government for the construction of the Umrit-Umdu road. The people of Ri Bhoi West.
Today, there was no rainfall in Shillong, Umiam and Sohra.
When asked about the illegal residents in this area, Bah Dhar said, “At present we will not talk to the illegal residents because we don't want to talk to them. .
The charges against them are for violating the Official Secret Act.
In these days, the government has opened Civil Sub-Divisions, Community and Rural Development Block, PWD Division, Police Outposts, Police Stations and many other openings.
Nongpoh: The lack of attention of the state government to assist in the provision of better roads in the rural areas, has caused a lot of suffering and distress to the people living in such areas. This is due to the excessive deterioration of the road, which can also be said to be the border road, from Umjari to Umtrai and Umsiang.
The recurve women's team came second, led by Navidisha Kapoor, Daphishisha Jamu, Damandashisha Pasi and Andrica Nongsiej.
Reliable sources from the NPP leaders said that they are now waiting for the time to announce the name of the man as the candidate.
“I want to know the status of the electricity projects that have been awarded to private individuals or companies,” said Bah Mawthoh.
“Although Amlarem is very poor in terms of crime, for the future of this area, it is very important to have this court,” said the Chief Justice.
Before they built a city with the intention of reaching to the ends of heaven and making a name for themselves, the Bible first tells us that they spoke only one language and could understand each other. each other.
Nongstoin Police Station, after receiving the ehajar from a man from Lamavilla, on Tuesday arrested a man from Siejlieh West. Police have registered a case against the suspect and the investigation is ongoing.
Layerson War, President of JSU Mynso Unit, said that Mynso PHC has only three doctors, including Dr. War. “This decision of the department has discouraged the people of the area,” said the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. In fact, the PHC is not enough to have only three doctors and the health department should have provided more doctors and nurses. staff nurse, but it is not known why there is another intention to transfer the doctor, said the JSU. The JSU said that since the arrival of three doctors in the PHC in Mynso. , this PHC has started running smoothly especially in providing services to the sick people of this area even at night, and the people are very happy and if the number of doctors is reduced, we don't know what to do. On this basis, the JSU Mynsoo Unit expresses its opposition and urges the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to think of the people of this area and to replace Doctor K. Shillong, Nailur 09: The House today expressed its condolences to the late Bah OL Nongtdu, MLA, former Minister and MP Rajya. Former Sabha, Bah Medras Mylliem Umlong, former MLA of Sohiong and MDC of KHADC in the past years.
If there is no political difference between the BJP and the Congress, the 100 days scheme should have been implemented properly, which has stirred up many residents. T.72,000 or even one shilak can be generated from this scheme and the example is to increase the wages and to provide more jobs to the people.
The union also urged the Rangbah Shnongs and Garo Village Leaders not to be misled but to stop this incident.
There are some places in Europe where the locals have hated tourists because they are too many and the locals no longer have that privacy or sense of ownership of their own country.
Regarding the arrival of the company, leaders and members of FKJGP Rambrai Circle, accompanied by leaders of FKJGP West Khasi Hills, on Tuesday met with Bah Garod LSN. Dykes Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills, to clarify whether he has received any information or whether any company has informed him about the intention to mine the land. the area.
He said that through this project, besides the construction of fish markets, the beneficiaries also received machines including refrigerators and equipment used in fish harvesting such as knives, shaiñ sticks. doh and others.
Shillong, Nailur 19: A BLO of South Shillong Constituency on Monday lodged a complaint against the wives of Amir Nongbri and Renu Rymbai. to the SP's office in the presence of other BLO members because of the harassment through social media which they alleged was a fraud.
With this victory, Laitlyting has qualified for the final which will be held on July 17, 2023 against Um phrup SC where the Dy CM of Meghalaya, Bah P.Tynsong will be the chief guest. and the heads of the Meghalaya Sports Department.
What we have to do to protect the Mother Earth is to educate ourselves first, then our children, brothers and sisters, relatives and so on.
According to the letter, those who own a house of three rooms or more and those who own a house covered with dewbilat will no longer be included under the scheme.
It was on Christmas night that there were many riots, robbery, robbery, bomb blasts as the villagers called them, like those of King Karol's soldiers in Bethlehem when they left. to kill babies.
Speaking to media on 10th July 2022 after the opening of the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said, “Today we have completed the The meeting to discuss the 50th Anniversary of the State will be held on the 21st July 2022 and the Government has decided that the celebration will continue but the The celebration will be small unlike what we planned to celebrate before the outbreak of Omicron”.
These issues include the Iawmusiang Market Complex which has been pending for decades, the second to release the salaries of the employees of JHADC and the Council's allocation of funds to facilitate the Council in paying salaries. month, so that there is no disruption in the salary system.
He said that as soon as the rape of the elderly woman became known to the public, the family members of the robber went to talk peace with the family members of the victim, but the family members of the victim The HYC Umden, together with the members of the HYC Umden, have rejected the peace talks and the family members of the HYC have lodged a complaint against the Runar. accused of involvement in this crime.
He said that at present there is only one Inspector in the district and a letter has been written to the government to provide more staff in this department.
Conrad said the EAP has been approved by the Cabinet in accordance with the requirements set by the NDB and the Government of India.
Shillong, March 04: The Central Executive Committee of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) has appointed Bah Gavin M. Mylliem, MLA of Sohra Constituency, to lead the party as the Chairman of the Central Executive Committee. Election Committee of the Party.
In the past few months, especially during the recent election campaign in Sohiong, many NPP leaders have warned that the UDP may be left behind.
Earlier, in the afternoon, a minute of silence and prayer was held at the party headquarters in Mawkhar, as a sign of condolences to the souls of those who were shot dead by the Assam police in Mukroh, West Jaintia. Hills on Tuesday.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (NYF) has announced the closure of dams in Darrang, Shnongpdeng, Lymba, Kongwang, Dawki, Bakur and Tamabil. The Tamabil port is open every day and foreign vehicles carrying goods to Bangladesh run every day.
It is suspected that the fire was caused by a power outage.
The project from Tetelia to Byrnihat was scheduled to be implemented at a cost of T.496 crore but the project has been delayed due to the opposition of various groups who want the law to curb the illegal entry of foreigners. outside the State.
Fear shall fall upon the inhabitants of the land, and strife shall arise.
Also Read: The Seng Khasi Kmie, has urged all the circles and branches of the Seng Khasi across the country to If possible, to postpone the Shad Suk Mynsiem or Seng Kyrsiew which should be held until 31st October
“This is after the seizure of military posts in other parts of the country by the insurgents,” said the Chief Minister in reply to a Call Attention Motion tabled by Nongkrem MLA Bah Lambor Malngiang. , “Whoever writes on the Laitkor Peak army sign 'Trespassers will be shot'
Mawkyrwat, November 15: As part of the awareness campaign on how to protect livestock from various diseases, the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department (AH&VD) in South West Khasi Hills District today launched a campaign to raise awareness among the people of the area. Around 300 people from 7 villages in Shngimawleiñ, South West Khasi Hills attended an awareness programme. District.
On the 4th of this month at 1:30 pm, police patrolling at Umsohsun Bridge have arrested four youths identified as Paul Warjri (24), Kynie Warjri (23). Wanbiangsngi Thangkhiew (19) and Damechua Ranee (18) were recovered from them.
It is to be recalled that KHNAM is one of the political parties that has been talking about this issue since its inception in 2002 until now.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Save B Mahal Committee on Tuesday vowed to hold a protest if the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GDC) refuses to allocate land to the Government for the implementation of Government projects in the Garo Hills District Council. land of the people of B Mahal.
Of this, T.48,75,902 lakh was spent on the salaries of the Chairperson, the Director of Inquiry, the Director of Prosecution and Investigation Officers, T.19,40,202 lakh for the salaries of the employees. Casual, T.29,54, 672 lakh office expenditure, T.4,12,270 lakh office rent and electricity bill, T.2,47,820 legal fee and T.3,40,820 others payment.
Shillong, November 14: The Seng Biria U Khasi (SBUK) has entertained and laughed at the people of Laban who attended the meeting where Laban honored the MLA/MDC of Laban. Sanbor Shullai, as a celebration of his 25th Silver Jubilee as MDC from this constituency.
Promi Suting scored the first goal of the match in the 90+1 minutes to help Ladthadlaboh beat Sailung Ialong.
In Nongpoh, the UDP candidates include Rona Khymdeit from Nongpoh, Donkupar Sumer from Umsning, Kior Singh Hinge from Umroi, Balawan Syiemiong from Jirang and BK Tmung from Mawhati. constituency.
Jowai, Jymmang 15: After a clash between the members and leaders of the JSU, the Jaintia Students Union (JSU-1) has split into two parts. JSU-1) was led by Eleazer Christopher Dkhar as its President.
The first chargesheet was filed against Pradip Barman in Balapra in April
Speaking on the history of the village in the past 75 years, u Bah Pual said that it has been a long journey.
However, various authorities and departments require and make rules that children must have an Aadhaar number otherwise they cannot receive rights such as lunch or schooling.
He said that the task is difficult but the task requires that the youth should be remembered and allowed to participate in this task.
This is what we expect – to make the necessary laws for the state and its people.
“Yes, I understand, but I don't know.
The issues that may be discussed through this column are that every school, especially the English schools, when they have their own children, should start with the aim of encouraging the children to fall. to take the Khasi subject as one of their textbooks, or if it is too easy or unwilling to be taken by all the children, perhaps it may be decided that it should be taken as one of the subjects. compulsory subject only for Khasi children, so that the language can survive.
Another man, who came from Sohra, said that it took him three hours to walk from 7mer to the market and when he returned, at 9pm, he said it took him two hours. to walk from the market to the farm, Upper Shillong.
In my opinion, this second Bill is biased which states that only Khasi women can develop the Khasi clan in any form of marriage.
On 17th July, Bandana Kalita and two of her friends killed her husband in Noonmati by tiing him on the head with a rod.
This is not the first time that doctors have given advice on sexual intercourse during the coronavirus pandemic and a few days ago, scientists from England, from the Terrence Higgins Trust, published These suggestions, so that people may understand the danger of being too close to other people, especially to strangers.
“Those who want to dissolve the ARPA should take responsibility to answer to the people and the nation,” said Bah Adelbert.
The SDPO said that on receiving the information, the police rushed to the scene and examined the skull. Later, they took the skull and sent it to the Forensic Lab. Police have searched for the body of the head, said the SDPO, Sohra.
“I want all the members to wait for six months for the benefit of the councils,” said Bah Shylla.
According to him, in a short time, the Secretariat will not be able to be controlled because many of the positions have been held by others who do not know anything about the uniqueness of the Jaidbynriew.
After the government failed to fulfill its promise, the adhoc teachers of Meghalaya have not refused to take to the streets once again.
Chiehruphi SYWSC beat Khliehriat West FC 3-2 to qualify for the final of the First Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) at Diengshynrum Stadium on Saturday. First.
Pala gave this explanation on the coal issue at a meeting held in Nongstoiñ on the occasion of Rajiv Gandhi's birth anniversary. during the time of the Congress in power and during the tenure of Prime Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma and the case went on from time to time and there was a beginning and an end.
Adding on this, the HNLC spokesperson, Bah Sadon K.Blah said, “Once the Government has approved the amnesty in the peace talks, there will be no more problems.
She was allegedly banned from Instagram after she took a picture with her son wearing the blue and stem colors of the Ukrainian flag.
Hundreds of supporters from other parties have joined the UDP in Mawthadraishan to support HB Nongsiej, MLA Mawthadraishan who will be the party's candidate for the 2023 MLA election. .
It may be recalled that this bloodshed broke out on 3rd June after a rally of ATSUM in 10 districts of the state to protest against the demand of the Jaidbynrew Meitei to be recognized as Scheduled. Tribe or state.
There was no increase in the price of petrol today.
On this occasion, the meeting also paid a 10 minute silence in honor of former President Dr APJ Kalam on his first death anniversary.
“We stand firmly to demand that the Government of India and the State Government should first verify the border before we allow the signboard to be erected,” said Bah GH Kharshanlong.
“The two Syiems, Jyrngam and Nongkhlaw, although the areas under their jurisdiction, have not been affected to the extent of the border crossing by the Assam government.
Differentiated Program Code and Advertisement Code: It provides for a different view of the Program and Advertisement Code in different service providers and requires self-inclusion in different programs by broadcasters and strong measures to prevent programs from being released.
Speaking at the registration meeting of the Block Congress Committee of Sungta Saipung on Thursday, Vincent, who is also the candidate of Sungta Saipung, said that in these 37 constituencies, the contest is between other parties and the Congress. to reach success.
That encounter opened Peter's mind to understand that when you see someone in such a difficult situation, you should not hesitate to help as much as you can.
He said that he has never heard of any delay in the implementation of any law when there is an amendment to that law.
The information will also be distributed to the District Football/Sports Associations in the state.
Furthermore, it was reported that there are more than 3 lakh people who have completed the first injection, but have not gone for the second injection.
Lajong's next match will be against Real Kashmir FC on the 19th at 5 pm.
Ranaut has strongly criticized the Shiv Sena government in Maharashtra, saying she is worried about her life to live in Mumbai.
Sher – which means A parable with mythological words.
“We have received a complaint from the women guarding me that Wanglet, who is also a member of the Shillong Club, has spoken rudely,” said the president of the Shillong Golf Association, Bah AL Hek. Director of Shillong Golf Course R Shullai has been appointed.
Police should arrest food beggars and make them public because they are the stealers of other people's wealth, and they are also the main cause of the increase in the price of food items including beverages. in this state.
“We are looking forward to more political parties to come and support the NPP to form a strong government,” he said.
Shillong, Lber 11: The opposition PDF in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) two days ago has announced that it has united and is ready to form a new EC. Pynshngain N Syiem as its CEM candidate and Process T Sawkmie as its Deputy CEM candidate, but these ideas of the PDF have ended up in nightmares because before they turned to Two of its members, James Sylliang and Grace Mary Kharpuri, have left the PDF and joined the PDF. Speaking to reporters at Shillong Club, Pynshngain N Syiem Chairman of the PDF in the presence of all the MDCs of the party, except HDR Lyngdoh, expressed their surprise after seeing the party. Pynshngain said that the PDF has not yet received any letter from these two full members of the PDF. that they ignored the PDF, but just saw it in the press.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 83712 and out of these 81844 have recovered and 1456 have died.
The village leaders said that the delay in the construction of the road has made it difficult for the villagers to enter or leave their homes and alleged that it is the negligence of the village.
The GHADC has issued this order after some of its employees are still on strike and have not yet done their jobs although some of them have understood the statement of the Executive Committee.
Nongstoiñ, July 22: The Khasi Authors Society (KAS) is a group of educated and proficient Khasi writers in Jaintia Hills. Since 1979, as the days go by and as the knowledge increases, the scholars of Khasi literature, have been celebrating the memory of Sir Thomas Jones, a Missionary from abroad. , who arrived in Sohra on 22nd July 1841 and at present the synjuk has extended its offices to West Khasi Hills.
From Khlieh Iew area, members of the union seized only a small amount of kyiad phareng and from the lower parts of the market in Iewduh area, members of the union and the Excise Police seized hundreds of plastic bags covered with kyaid pyrsi from a locked box.
Today, farmers from Jongksha and Umsning villages in Mawkynrew Block, said that they had to speak to the media after the government did not believe or see anything about their problems. la difficult.
Do you ever think of something like this? That we are approaching the end of the ages of life? King David, in the Book of Psalms says, “For all our days are passed away in thy wrath! We spend our years just telling stories.
In Chris' personal opinion, directing films is one of his dreams in his life and he hopes to achieve this if he decides to retire from acting.
I asked why you were smiling even in the midst of your illness.
The union hopes that through the second visit of the Dy CM to Rambrai, the MDA government will implement these demands of the people of Rambrai.
"I haven't worked with the owner, I've got a lot of ideas," said the son. "That's right," said the son. work by the owners.
To defeat this Ïakjakor government, let us unite with the Congress, because as it is until now, only the Congress can defeat this MDA government, because otherwise all are only brokers of the NPP” , said Mr. Good Hope.
To produce our own food we need to raise and care for our land, forests, wells, streams and rivers, we also need to raise and care for birds and animals because of all these. they collectively contribute to food production.
“After we received a letter from the government to do this beautification of the village, the village leaders were confused because we have never done it before.
Last month, two AICC leaders including AICC Chairman Wasnik and AICC General Secretary for Meghalaya Joshi conducted interviews with all MLAs, MDCs, The party office bearers from the blocks in the state to know the situation of the party especially after the demand from the MLAs to demand a replacement leader in place of the incumbent Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
They take the symbols of their fellow leaders and support what is right, they don't stir up trouble, they don't bishni or puhuiñ, they don't destroy, kill and betray their fellow countrymen but they encourage to stand on the basis of righteousness without hesitation.
“Whether we approve or not, the hearing is still ongoing, but they have expressed that they don't have any hope that the hearing will be good. As a teacher, he has seen many inquiries in the state that have stopped without explanation as he gave the example of the Inguiry of Bah Che. ".
Conrad K Sangma said, “Ma Sniawbhalang is a man who has worked hard for the development of Nartiang.
However, the cultivation of sohmyndong is not yet sufficient compared to the cultivation of sohmyndong in other parts of India, and when we look at the trade of sohmyndong in India, sohmyndong is also a a variety of soh suitable for trade, because it can last longer and can be transported farther than sohniamtra.
He urged the farmers to have the spirit of expressing their gratitude to anyone who has done good for them.
When conducting an inspection at Iawmusiang, it was found that many shops and commercial vehicles have not yet completed the vaccination campaign to prevent the spread of Covid-19 in the state. When asked why they don't put these stickers on the shopkeepers and drivers, they said that they don't know anything about it and some of them said that they don't have time to put these stickers.
In Bangladesh, many shynrai factories use chromate to increase the price of shynrai.
Nongpoh: In view of the spread of COVID-19 around the world, in India and also in Meghalaya, in order to curb the spread of COVID-19, the The District Magistrate, Ri Bhoi District, has announced that from now on, the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi District, will continue to strictly monitor the movement of people in the District.
Today, 12,000 students from 70 schools in Shillong took part in a march in the city to spread the message on the need to clean up the city.
“You said the right thing,” said the brother.
With this victory, Rangdajied have earned 13 points and have placed themselves at the top of the table with one game left.
The Indian Air Force is divided into seven commands, the headquarters of the Eastern Air Command is located in Upper Shillong and is one of the weapons of the Indian Air Force.
Hek said that as a party in the MDA government, it will force the state government to implement some of the issues that the BJP has included in the Manifesto for the benefit of the people of the state.
“We will take it to the Central Government to amend the Representation of People's Act to address the concerns of the people of Meghalaya to prevent foreigners from entering the state to vote,” he said. Mukul Sangma in the Legislative Assembly today.
This area was transferred to Assam according to Notification No. TAD/R/31/50/149, dated 13th April 1951 to establish District Councils in the areas inhabited by the tribes. The Labang Nangphyllut District of Assam has been forcibly withdrawn from the Jowai Civil Sub-Division and transferred to the United Cachar and Mikirs Hills District instead of the former United Khasi and Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, June 22: U Titos W Chyne, MDC of Sohra Constituency, on Thursday urged the PHE department to The Greater Sohra Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS) will also address the shortage of water supply for the residents.
The Centenary Celebration of Iooksi Catholic Church was attended by Vincent H Pala, MP, Rubinus Syngkon, MDC, Bahun Dkhar, MDC, Gilbert Sten, Ex-MDC, Nehimaya. Tyngkan and other leaders of various church groups.
“Our Government is strengthening the unity of rights and the unity of ideas,” said Prime Minister Duh.
It may be recalled that the central government has proposed two railway lines to the state, one from Tetelia to Byrnihat of 22 km and one from Byrnihat to Shillong of 108 km.
The North East Today reported that police on receiving a tip yesterday, rushed to the village and learned that Medilin's husband, who was drunk, had thrown alcohol. After that, he set fire to his wife, in which she was seriously injured and died of the severe burns.
The opening of the AYUSH Hospital in Bhoirymbong is a new beginning.
Titos said that the three month budget includes the expenditure for development works received by the District Council from the 15th Finance Commission. The CAG is still collecting data on the expenditure of the Council.
The gap between the rich and the poor is increasing by leaps and bounds.
This may be a small incident but we must remember that if we cannot eliminate evil habits when they are just starting to emerge, it will lead to greater evils and put the country and the the nation is in great danger.
Jowai, Jymmang 26: The Jowai Women's Awakening Movement (JWAM) has organized a one-day dancing competition at the District Library Mynthong, Jowai on
“In fact, the union has urged the village authorities or district authorities to look into the current situation in Shillong regarding the construction of houses and to conduct an inspection. details on the construction of houses and street shops.
The distribution of blankets to these poor families was led by Henry Joe Marngar, President of the Unit, Samla Banlum Ryntong as General Secretary, in the presence of other senior leaders of the RBYF, including PP Kylla and Rocky Marwein, who were the chief guests.
The visit to Changthang village symbolizes a step towards empowering residents in rural areas, improving their livelihoods and paving the way for sustainable development in the region.
However, he said that at that time he had faced many problems, first of all the insults from his friends and neighbours, where he said that they called him sin. and 'Sdot' from the movie 'Ask You'
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 16: The residents of the villages along the border with Assam are still facing many problems in all aspects due to the lack of development works delivered by the government. public.
It was noted that in the new constituency, there were also villages which had to be divided into two parts as half of them fell into one constituency and half into another.
He urged the public to follow the rules of driving so that there will be no more deaths from time to time due to accidents and to reduce the number of accidents.
The boy’s house is located near the Mobile Tower of the Jio company.
The Dorbar Shnong also expressed its sorrow and shock over this incident as this is the first time in the village that such an incident has happened.
The party urges the leaders of the area especially the MLA to take immediate action on this issue.
Many in the world today believe and accept the Word of God and Jesus Christ the Son of God.
Four people have been hospitalized after a robber robbed three restaurants in Auckland on the 19th of this month. Albany.
Two houses were also burnt down in Jaffrabad and Maujpur, which are the places where the clashes have continued for two days and there has been a gathering. maw mar back.
The sad news is that the MLAs and MDCs of the past and present do not believe in the welfare and development of this area and they only visit these villages during the elections. to trick people into getting their votes.
I need some financial assistance from you to get things sorted and I promise to pay back as soon as Possible.
“I'm surprised you said that and at the same time it's good,” said Sandra.
Nongstoiñ, 27 lyngkot:A 13-year-old girl has escaped from the hands of a robber who tried to rape her while she was alone at her residence in Nongstoiñ. Mawiawtep village, Rambrai West Khasi Hills.
Speaking to reporters, Pynshngaiñ said that the names of the MDCs approved by the KHADC will be sent directly to the Governor and not through the District Council Affairs Department of the State Government. that by giving a copy lem.
The best schools are only missionary and private schools.
The campaign has launched a quiz competition known as “Road to Tokyo
Mylliem SC, Nongkseh SC, Langsning FC and Mawnianglah SC have reached the semi finals of the U-12 category. In the U-12 category, Mawkhar SC beat Jongksha SC 1-0 while Langsning SC beat 1-0 In the U-14 category, Nongthymmai SC beat Lawpat SC 1-0 and Mawlai SC beat Umpling SC 8-0 SC beat Krang SC 2-1
Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma on 15th June launched the CM-CONNECT platform to enable the residents to communicate with the government.
Sainava Modak of St. Thomas Higher Secondary School, Shillong came second with 565 marks and Ainamdaphisha P Byrsat of Little Flower School, Shillong came second with 561 marks.
The Department of Arts and Culture also has smaller museums in Jowai, Tura and Guwahati.
It is also reported that some of these funds have been deposited in the bank, where they cannot be used anymore.
The KHADC on its part has already stirred up the war as requested by our Honorable CEM KHADC Bah HS Shylla who has spoken publicly in Iewduh, because of the high level of marriage between Khasi women and women. He urged to strengthen the SYNJUK KI RANGBAH KUR in the land of Hynniewtrep which is responsible for the development of the Hynniewtrep people to give peace to their people in the wild donkey and the wild cow.
The dorbar was convened after the KHADC issued a directive to the Hima authorities to convene the dorbar after receiving a complaint from the Hima Ministers.
The club was therefore expecting a response from Kante for the introduction.
Fellaini scored the first goal for United in the 90th minute.
Furthermore, Bah Bless said that it has been seen that in the past years and times many more precious souls have been lost just for the sake of the nation.
The match on Saturday will be between Sawmer SC and Lawsohtun SC at 3:30 pm.
Barcelona want him to finish his contract with the club until July
Regarding the Shynrang Hostel, it was said that in fact the PWD department had sent for repairs, but as it could not issue a work order to the contractor, the contractor had to stop after he had sent a work order. pyllut something from your plate.
The hotel offers both deluxe and luxury suites.
Police have recovered 21 soap bags containing 253.53 grams of heroin worth Rs 2 crore from Madanrting Police Station.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 14: The Kur Paliar together with the Sengbhalang of Nongstoiñ District, on Saturday honored Hubert Palair, an arm wrestler who won the title of won gold and silver medals at the recent tournament in Dubai.
How can we assume that these Licensees have implemented such a Regulation?
The BJP leaders have also apologized through the media for not hearing anything about this and even the Union Minister of State for Child Development Giriraj Singh has made this clear to the media on 6th June 2015 at the time. He said that he had a meeting with the media at Pinewood Hotel Shillong.
At the same time, on the closing day of the seminar, the Minister of Labour, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, stressed the need for writers to fight for their rights.
It is learned that there was a policeman, who broke the door of the helicopter, at the time of the incident, but it is not known whether he was able to rescue those inside, because the At that moment, the helicopter caught fire and the explosion and the rise of the flames flew into the sky.
Public gatherings outside the polling station were also banned while the counting of votes was in progress.
Referring to the final match between Umden SC and Umshaken SC, the game was very interesting despite the heavy rain, and after a fierce fight for the title from the first half to Umden SC beat Umshaken SC 3-2 goals to win the title in the first half.
Shillong, Nailur 25: Six policemen, including two female policemen, were injured in a clash between the Sengbhalang and police at Motphran, at 3.20 pm.
The ignorant speech by the MDCs of KHADC in the past few days, has angered and shocked the villagers of Ri-Bhoi, because they say things that they don't know, but they act like they know. pt.
The arrest of this man was made after receiving a tip from the intelligence agencies that he used to commit such crimes.
The program began with a prayer by Pastor PR Diengdoh and the day was filled with songs by the students of the school in the presence of UDP Mawlai Circle leaders, Bah Wanseng Jyrwa, Bah Homer Kharkongor and others. others at the meeting held on the 14th of this month.
Sadaoui Noah Wail, who also played for Morocco, scored hat-tricks in the 19th, 26th and 86th minutes. .
“We have urged the officials of the Survey of India to expedite the completion of the survey for the other three areas before 31st November, and to conduct the survey for that laitylli that bag is almost destroyed.
These include EGH: 1, EJH: 2, EKH: 56, RBD: 4, SWKH: 1, WGH: 1, WJH: 6 and WKH:
Earlier, on 17th November, Mondal had recognized the Meghalaya People's Front (MPF) as the opposition party in the House.
Shillong: The Seng Khasi Kmie today announced that it will hold the 110th Shad Suk Mynsiem, from the 9th to the 11th of this month. The ceremony was held at Weiking Square, Jaiaw, Shillong.
He said the government has plans to promote tourism and ensure that it can be implemented quickly through the assistance of the Asian Development Bank (ADB) and hopes that through the assistance of He said that the support of the people can increase the income through tourism and at the same time he said that it is necessary to set up a Tourism Police for the safety of the tourists.
“I would like to express my special thanks to the former MLA/MDC of Mawlai for expressing his support for me and he does not want to contest the election,” he said.
Regarding the price of uniforms , other reasons have shown that some of the Daju who come to the market are students whose parents cannot afford them They support them in school, and as soon as they go to school, they leave their jobs and go to school. Some of them need money urgently.
Regarding the complaint received from the farmers, the Mylliem Hima led by the Minister of Market K Langstieh, Minister of Finance Minister MB Kharlukhi, Minister Pathaw together with the District Council led by the EM I/C Trade Officer James Sylliang came to inspect the site.
A policeman of Sohra police station and the Sordar of Umwai were injured in the clash with foreigners.
In a statement sent to the media, the Vice President of MSSASA, Bah Jylliewjingmut Lyngkhoi, said that although the party has given time to the Government to respond, the MSSASA has given time to respond. The union has decided to hold a two day mass casual leave on the 11th and 12th March 2021 at Madan Malki Shillong and urged the SSA teachers in the state to join hands on this day as a protest against the silence of the state government so that the demand will be successful and equal. On the other hand, the union said that until the Government can implement their demands, the union will not rest.
In its report, the Commission said, “The raid was well prepared, but hasty, without proper use of intelligence.
He also appealed to the elders to cooperate with the Foundation so that it can do many good deeds for the children in the District East Jaintia Hills. The Orphan Children Foundation will visit to find out where the orphans are and what their problems are so that they can deliver assistance to them.
Besides, those in the family of the husband do not encourage him to take those children or the property because it is not the custom of us Khasi to take them to the husband.
Roads should not be turned into playgrounds because such roads exist in Meghalaya even though they have not been built yet.
However, at the same time, the Conrad government has been accused of being the most corrupt government in India.
The MPF said there was evidence of suspicion of involvement of insurgents and politicians in Garo Hills and most of the insurgents received information before the police arrived at any place when they raided. .
The PDF has nine candidates, the HSPDP has one candidate and 19 independent members.
“I have to fight for myself because of the social agreement we have signed with the Cosenza Diocese and it is through the letter of Archbishop Victor that the Cosenza Diocese has allowed me to return to the Cosenza Diocese. of," he added.
In this regard, the Transport Department should look into the behavior of these employees of the Amsarin Weighbridge otherwise the union will have to take action against this exploitation of the Amsarin Weighbridge.
The winners received a buskit as a cash prize and a syrnot.
Is this Government blind and destroying the Jaintia Hills?  Does this Government provide full services only in Garo Hills? If so, it means that the intellectuals of our nation who sit every day in the Secretariat to lead us have become followers of those in power instead of fighting for the life and death of the people. be happy.
The deceased were assistant directors of the film, which was shot at EVP Film City, a studio in Chennai.
And a little bit about this young man happened after he got sick at an early age when he started going to school.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: “Meghalaya will witness the same development works as the BJP is now under the rule of the BJP,” said the Chief Minister of Assam, Himata Biswa Sarma. in Mahendraganj, Rongjeng, Mendipathar and Kharkutta on Saturday.
The mistake here is that no Senior Leader of the Party should take such a post because the job requires such a Leader to speak from time to time when there are different incidents or problems. Bah Bindo M. Lanong, Ex-CEM, KHADC Shillong, has held many positions in the State especially the Senior Most Leader of the UDP Party. Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie today sent two petitions to the two Union Ministers of the Union Government, one to the Union Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Harsh Vardhan and one to the Union Minister of Health and Family Welfare. to the Union Minister of Environment, Prakash Javadekar, regarding the problems related to the Marten landfill where all the garbage of Shillong is dumped at Marten in Mawlai Mawiong.
The BJP leaders denied the allegation by Bah Muktan that President Bah Ernest Mawrie has used his power to elect and appoint people from his own family (nepotism) by saying that these allegations are true. unfounded and opportunistic tactics.
Therefore, all the groups that should participate should come together and take a decision whether to support or reject this,” said Bah Shylla.
Earlier, the incharge Deputy Commissioner of WJHD, PK Boro welcomed all those who attended the meeting to receive detailed training on this issue and it will also be a special protection measure for the children.
“This new unit, which has been inaugurated by the Chief Minister in the presence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, will produce about 50,000 liters of milk per day. “It's not like we're going to be able to fill the positions,” said the head of the department.
Jowai, Naitung 10: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) Central Body today staged a protest at the JHADC to demand the immediate removal of the Entry Tax Gate of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC). It has been held since 15th April in Khanduli Village, West Jaintia Hills.
Lent is a time of self-control by listening and understanding the Word of God so that the Holy Spirit will become more empowered in the spiritual life.
Once completed, the Shillong Western Bye-pass will help to reduce the traffic jam in Shillong from Mawlai Petrol Pump to Rilbong Junction.
On this occasion, a drama prepared by Mawlangwir was performed and finally Momentos were distributed as a sign of appreciation to 20 youths from the kur including Miss.
The final will be played at the SSA Stadium at the First Ground, Polo (Shillong) on ​​the 17th.
Because these two candidates have spoken out in the newspapers about the competition, the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia want to know whether the competition is still going on or has ended. Laskar, however, made it clear that on his part, he will not back down at all and is now waiting for a reply from Lotha.
Construction of Aqueduct Channel from Bishnupur Taxi Stand to Bathesda Hospital Upper Kench's Trace at a cost of Rs 2.41 crore; Umshyrpi PWD Road Rilbong at a cost of Rs 1.98 crore and the construction of a dirt road from Ch:870.00 Keating Road to Lady Keane Ground including RCC Railing at HP culvert at a cost of Rs 14.18 lakh.
On the other hand, the group of fish vendors and buyers on the same day went to meet with the Commissioner of Food Safety to get clarification on this. He said that the fish from Assam has been allowed to be marketed because the fish in the state alone cannot meet the needs of the people and the fish from other states. , shall be checked every 15 days before marketing and sale in the market to ensure that these fish are not treated with formalin.
“Only with my brother.
Through the memory of Thomas Jones, it is therefore appropriate for us to honor and encourage various groups, whether Christian Churches or Khasi Seng, Sein Raij and others, to encourage their groups. , to read and write well the Khasi language, which is the language which brings peace and unity between the Khasi and Pnar.
The relatives of the child have lodged a complaint at the Women Police Station on July 16 against Enrysing Marbaniang, 31, of Mairang, Eastern West Khasi Hills. The child was arrested on July 15 at 6 pm.
In another match played at the Sovima Cricket Ground, Mizoram failed to bat first.
The sense of separateness in their own regions as nations that can be found in the West is in England, where the Welsh, the Scots, the Irish do not fully accept that they are British or English.
Sutnga-Saipung MLA Shitlang Pale recalled that in 2017, the block was moved from Khliehriat to Lumshnong but later it was moved to Wapung. He thanked the Prime Minister for inaugurating this office in Narpuh as it has brought about the development of the area.
He also urged that if anyone disturbs the traffic, they should immediately inform the party so that it can take the necessary action.
Jowai, July 24: The Union of Waheh Chnongs Jowai, on Saturday morning, held a ceremony to plant trees on the banks of the Myntdu River from Shahtngit to near the Pamblah Bridge.
(ix) Many opportunities open up if we get working groups of local people on the basis of the population in the fields and factories, trade, agriculture and so on.
Pastor DS Sohkhlet gave a speech at the second service, he spoke on the central theme of 'heaven', how people can live in heaven which he based on the letter to the Philippians 3:20 which says, “For our citizenship is in heaven; from whence also we look for the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ:
“These fall under the Khatarshnong-Laitkroh Block and according to the rules of IPHS, to upgrade a PHC to a CHC requires a population of 80,000 in the hilly areas and 1 lakh 20,000 in the plains,” he said. said.
Shillong: UDP Leader and former West Shillong MLA, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, today expressed his confidence that the UDP will have more than half of the MLAs in the state and will be the leader in the government. new within the state.
Dipul said that this free treatment by Mission Smille together with Topcem Cement is a work for the welfare of the residents of the state especially those from low income families. document.
The appointment of Acting Waheh Shnong of JHADC is unfounded and without the knowledge and consent of the residents.
The Congress party should not think of giving tickets to others, because they have the same tickets.
Speaking to media, NEHUSU General Secretary Bah Banpynbiang Riang said that the protest today is against the delay in the release of scholarships by the state government. The scholarship should be released within 45 days and the students will stage a strong protest.
Shillong: The Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia today wrote to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to protect the villages on the border with Bangladesh from looting.
Police in East Garo Hills, believe that these items, which have been seized, are the items that have been buried recently, as they have not been damaged at all, even though it is the rainy season. region.
We also decided and demanded that the Meghalaya government should inform the central government and investigate by the NIA on this incident, because the FIR and inquiry alone is not enough and these killers should be given capital. punishment', that such incidents should not happen again,” said the SNSBH. At this meeting it was also decided, “that the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) will send The Memorandum demands that both the Governments of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam should punish those involved in the shooting and injuring of unarmed persons and should not accept the The NIA should investigate the incident and impose capital punishment on them, and the Assam government should pay compensation to those killed and injured”.
He said that the delay in the recruitment of police has affected the work of the police department.
The Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MCTA) has expressed its surprise over the sudden announcement by the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) on the decision to implement the The Vice Chancellor Prabha Shankar Shukla has been accused of acting without unanimity at the 110th meeting of the Academic Council of NEHU. MCTA President Dr.BH Buam together with other union leaders on Tuesday expressed their concern about the implementation of the NEP in the State.
At the same time, while expressing that other political parties have forgotten, James said that as it is now, it seems that the parties have forgotten about this issue while the youth are suffering. in the job market.
“We have already requested the army to give us this land to build an intermediate or a oneway road to allow you to pass through the Anjalee Petrol Pump but not to pass through. “It's a good idea to go to Sohra and Pynursla,” he said.
The MP also praised the dewbilat factories for not producing waste.
If Russia conquers Ukraine, it could also attack NATO countries. Therefore, all countries and institutions of the world must curb this threat while there is still time. .
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 13: The WKSU has demanded that the state government through the Department of Arts and Culture, should acquire its own building and set up a fully functional District Library in Nongstoin.
On the other hand, Mawsynram MLA Himalaya Shangpliang said that according to the Secretary of the Fisheries Department, the Fisheries Department has no knowledge of the handover of the project to MeECL. The construction of fish ponds in Umsning by MeECL is very slow and it is surprising that MeECL has informed the Fisheries Department only until they have completed about 98 percent and many fish ponds are not able to operate. The implementation of the project has started,” said Bah HM Shangpliang.
Women play a very important role in society in our Khasi culture, because it is from women that we take our jait as established by our ancestors.
At present, the CEM of KHADC has been appointed by Bah Titos W Chyne, MDC from Sohra.
I don't want to go to work because I have to stay at home.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Junestar Kharbani congratulated the youth of Mawkyrwat area not only in such competitions but also in the State Level and National and International. Level and glory will go not only to them but will bring glory to the community and the Khasi Hills as a whole.
The Waheh Shnong of Sohphoh, Ma Mutshwa Thabah, congratulated the West Jaintia Hills District Adventure Sport Mountaineering Club for distributing food items to the villagers and congratulated the leaders and members of the mountaineering club. and to have a healthy body and to be able to work for the welfare of the community.
Police have registered a case under Section 6(1) 21 U/s 506 IPC on the complaint.
We must also have a spirit of responsibility for the country and we will support any group that demands for the rights of the nation so that we can have a peaceful future.
Furthermore, there was also a display of various foods with the participation of the Youth of the Churches in the District.
“Every child has the right to learn in a safe and supportive environment, and it is essential that we work to achieve this goal,” he said.
“From the entire border area, 10 km has been cleared at Moreh, Manipur.
“When the people need anything they call 108, but the Minister of Health and Family Welfare denies that we are government employees, this is wrong because we are the people of the state,” he said. she said.
The robbers were the neighbors of the house, who entered and opened fire on those who were in the house while they were sleeping that night.
“The CEO's office and the Government of Meghalaya have taken action and the Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) on the 13th of this month has promised that all those who have registered to vote at the six Polling Stations. in Mawhati constituency, they should have the right to vote,” said Bah Kharkongor.
Police also found a tit in a box in one of the rooms.
She said that only the NPP knows the root cause of the problem, understands the problems of the people and is also the party that has grown and started to grow not only in the state but in the country as well. that if the people give their support to achieve the goal of victory, she will work together to bring about development in the constituency and this is her desire and intention to contest the elections in
“It is very sad to see that the Khasi residents of these coal mining areas have been sacrificed by the bloodthirsty Garo forest group,” said Bah Nongrum in a statement. Thread.
The party also expressed its gratitude to the party members, civil society organizations and supporters.
Hahim, 4
We aim to encourage you to start a business and not to look for a job,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
“We understand that the Central Government does not agree to implement the ILP, therefore, we request the State Government to accept the Amended MRSSA bill.
Shillong, June 04: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has expressed its deep surprise that through the MoU signed between Meghalaya and Assam, there will be villages which are not in the middle of the border dispute and which fall under the border. in Meghalaya, but has been transferred to Assam.
Shillong: Speaking on the mid-term elections for the Mawryngkneng Constituency, Congress MLA Charles Pyngrope on Tuesday said that he has high hopes that the Congress candidate Highlander Kharmalki will win the election. The Congress has won four seats in the elections because it has a strong support from the people of the party.
“Until now, no one has informed me from the constituency,” said Bah Hek and said that once he receives the report, he will go to the place and look into it.
The Phulbari MLA said that Dr. Mukul Sangma, who has led Ampati for 25 years, should have allowed his trusted supporters who used to be with him to contest the election later. that he had left Ampati.
“We want to address traffic congestion in urban areas in the state in the short, medium and long term,” James said.
" said Hep and went into the house.
After lodging a Zero FIR at Umiam PS, the case was taken to Lumdiengjri PS and the investigation is ongoing and the search for the two fugitives is ongoing.
Ibanjop Lamin, husband of Mimi Kyndiah, Riatsasim, Iawmusiang, Jowai, passed away on
“His statement was also supported by the All India Trinamool Congress (TMC) and the Voice of the People Party (VPP).
As of June 24, 2023, 251 Indian antiquities have been imported from other countries and out of these, 238 have been imported since
If we follow the rules and do rongphong, it will affect us a lot because we have to think about the future.
In the last 10 years, the Modi government has invested more than T.145 crore to upgrade the workforce at NEIAH. crore," said the Minister.
He said that many Dkhars had carried siej covered with oil and had also put signs on the siej in order to tie and injure the members of the KSU and those who came to take part in the KSU. session.
On the other hand, the DC promised to stop the import of coal from Assam but urged the leaders to allow the factories to import only the coal which is now in the middle of the road. On the other hand, the leaders of the party have agreed to this.
According to the minister, the reason for the loss of these files can be known after the investigation.
Why do you have a multispecialty doctor?
The union congratulates the demand of the Chief Minister to bring the PWD Division to Amlarem, which is a long standing demand of the people of the area.
According to information, most of the schools which do not reach this percentage are from Garo Hills and some from Khasi Hills.
Nongstoiñ, March 25: Many of the people who received the pigs on the day of the visit of Conrad Kongal Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, to Nongstoiñ on Tuesday, were shocked. that after four or five days the pigs died.
Shillong, Lber 12 : Madanryting SC and Kick Start FT Academy won the U-14 (Boys) Football League 2023 sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association on Saturday at the Polo Ground.
The State Government is now calling on citizens to pray.
“By reducing the price of petrol and diesel by T.2, the initiative of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has once again witnessed the desire to bring about the welfare and peace of the people. crore Indians,” he said.
The Khraw Pyrkhat have felt the need to put these traditional teachings in tune, so that the child can remember by singing that it can become flesh and blood to flow without ceasing in the bones of the thoughts of U. “Train up a child in the way he should go,” says the wise man, “and when he is old he will not depart from it.
Not only that, Hamas militants have also kidnapped Israelis after attacking and killing Israeli citizens from house to house without mercy, even children. but they struck down and cut off the heads of those who were on their way at the time of the invasion of Israel.
Shillong: Leaders of the Hills Farmers Union (HFU) led by Commander Shangpliang and General Secretary Alfonbirth Kharsyntiew have written to the Principal Secretary of the Forest Department of Meghalaya demanding that the government Those arrested for the killing of animals should be released.
After the hearing, the Commission approved these demands and suggested that there is an urgent need to amend the Constitution of Mylliem State. They are from the Shillong Area and Bhoi Country.
The destruction of forests in the district cannot be attributed to the inability of the state forest department to control the smuggling of rnga to the copper factories at Byrnihat and Rwiang in West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20 : The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Dr. WR Kharlukhi on Tuesday said that there is no reason behind the non-nomination of candidates in Mairang and Shillong South Constituencies.
He said the decision was taken to oppose the government's plan to discuss only Psiar and Khaduli first which is unacceptable.
He scored 40 runs against Mizoram for the first time last month.
“No matter how much it rains or winds, we go out to work to complete our work and sometimes until dark,” said the women.
According to the latest news, these four Congress MLAs may join other parties to contest from new parties in the upcoming elections. the Legislative Assembly of the State of Meghalaya.
Of this, T.10 lakh, 5 lakh will be allocated for the prize money and T.5 lakh for the expenses of the tournament.
He said that the village strongly condemns the killing of this man and especially the people who were involved in the murder of this man. He urged the police department to take action to track down the robbers and to punish them severely, so that such terrible incidents will not happen again.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3 : Shillong Police have seized an unexploded grenade from the ground floor of a house in Pohkseh.
Through this meeting, the speakers have already explained and explained that as the public we should not buy especially counterfeit coins, because if you take it it is like being bought and misused.
When asked, the Minister said that the path is now clear where the State will go and added, “In any case, we will see the start of coal mining through the legal channels.
In Shillong, former Union Minister of State for Child Development Vincent H. Pala, who is contesting from the Congress, has had to contest against Shibun Lyngdoh, candidate of the United Democratic Party (BJP). Party of Bah P.B.M.
Speaking to reporters, Pyniaid said that a driver of a Sumo (ML 05 L-4356) identified as Bah Bomding Syiem, from Mawpdang village, was arrested at Police have been on patrol around Shillong since 7:00 pm today.
On the same day, the book “U Kiang Nangbah” written in English by Dr.H.H.Mohrmen was launched. The 50th anniversary cake was celebrated.
Referring to the match scheduled to be played between Shillong Cricket Association and West Khasi Hills Cricket Association, it had to be canceled due to weather conditions.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Auspicious said that he offers himself as a young man to become a rishot to carry the bah and say for the sake of the jaidbynriew.
The Shad Suk Mynsiem was inaugurated by D.Syngkon, District Sports Officer, SI Laso, Assistant Executive Engineer PWD (Roads) Mawkyrwat Sub Division. Kynpham V.Kharlyngdoh, Muktiar of the Supreme Court, S.Kharjahrin, Minister of Sakwang Village, elders of the area, leaders of the Seng Khasi South West Khasi Hills District and the Central Body. crowds of spectators from all over the country.
SHILLONG: After a woman lost her life in a collision with a two-wheeler in the city, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has ordered the Director General of Police ( DGP) and the district authorities to impose severe punishment on those who drive two wheelers or four wheelers illegally and prosecute them according to the rules of law.
Speaking at the meeting, HDR said that it was during his tenure as MLA that many development works were brought to Sohiong constituency and various offices were opened in Sohiong.
Shillong, July 8: Shiphew parking bridges have been closed since today due to non-payment of the money due to the government.
“The legal part should be informed to every member of the three communities because the slightest change could lead to the loss of 30% of the 80% we have now,” he said. .
About 65 farmers including staff of KVK office attended the event. Kong B Mukhim, Assistant Director of Agriculture, Research & Training, Directorate Shillong, was the chief guest.
BJP leader AL Hek and independent MLA Lambor Malngiang have said that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) candidate ) shall not contest with a free symbol and not with any party.
Shillong: The Police Department is investigating into the illegal distribution of demand letters in the name of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) to people in the state.
This is the first time that the JSU has organized this meeting. The meeting was attended by the residents including Waheh Chnongs from different villages in Block
The well belongs to the PHE department, Umsning Division, which has been supplying water to many villages in the Umsning area for more than 30 years. food and other necessities of the residents, but as soon as the company came to Mawthei village to build a chicken farm, it dumped chicken egg waste until the drinking well was destroyed. Tdoh Umtrew will turn into bih and which is dangerous to the health of the people who use water from it.
AMLAREM: The Border Security Force (BSF) of Muktapur BOP has seized 51 cows from Bangladesh.
“Only one day after the counting of votes and the announcement of the elected candidates, a statement spread quickly and became news. , PDF bad Independent.
"In herself, there is a suspicion that if she hadn't wanted him, such a statement and remembrance wouldn't have happened.
It is to be recalled that Labang-Nongphyllut and Pangamraliang were forcibly separated from Jaintia Hills (Jowai Sub-Division at that time) by the Assam Government in the district allocation of Mikir Hills (Karbi-Anglong). and North Cachar on 13th April 1951 (Notification No.TAD/R/31/50 dated 13th April 1951) for the security of the administration of the Government of Assam, amidst the discontent of the people of Assam. Larsing Khyriem MLA, MLA of Jaintia Hills and until now the residents of the area are fighting and will continue to fight to come back. within the border of Jaintia Hills.
A statement from the NHAI on Tuesday said that the government's inability to hand over the land to the NHAI has delayed the completion of the road.
Stability : means steady, steady-stable is to remain steady without moving, stability is to hold steady without moving.
“Ade Lano, are you right...” He asked her. “Yes, I'm right... Are you right...?" She asked again. After a while, Bah Deng told her about the visit from Kongthei's house.
Therefore, the union has warned against these foreigners, saying that if they come to stay again, the union will take strong action against the illegal foreigners. .
The National Vice President of the BJP in charge of Meghalaya Cr Chuba Ao said, “We request our forest organization to come forward and live in the society to achieve peace. happily ever after.
The Traditional Cultural Centre, which has been allocated about T.7.5 crore, will be turned into an international tourist attraction and is scheduled to be completed within a year.
The pedestrians promised to visit this place again because they want to find and see many more which have not been completed on this day.
The Chief Secretary of Assam has been directed to issue an order to alert all police departments to prevent illegal entry into the state from Assam. More than 10 crore people have been killed in the attack.
But it also depends on the candidates and their hard work.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the finalists of the Santosh Trophy, Bah Shakliar Warjri, said this while speaking at the ceremony of honoring the finalists of the Santosh Trophy. The event was organized by the Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs.
There shall be no strict distinction between arts and sciences, curricular and extra-curricular activities, vocational or academic education.
He said that the construction of this monument and perhaps if the library is built in the name of this hero in Bangladesh it will be a great achievement and memorable for Meghalaya.
These children are under the jurisdiction of the Mawkynrew Block Muay Thai Association, which has merged with the Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya.
The Division Bench comprising Chief Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice TNK Singh said that until the government passes a law on Rangbah Shnongs, the order issued by the Single Bench. Justice SR Sen, who issued the order dated November 10, 2014, will come into force.
Replying to a supplementary question, the Prime Minister said that according to the rules, those caught smuggling coal will be fined T.5 lakh and imprisoned. five years.
Through this incident, we understand that God has encouraged many to have a spirit of compassion to offer to give a place of rest to the body of our fellow citizen and that it has been accomplished.
The department has also forecast heavy rainfall along with thunderstorms in many parts of the country until Saturday.
Regarding the dangers of drugs, the objective of the Inter-College Debate Competition is to identify ways and means to eradicate drugs from the society by bringing together politicians ( policy) to curb drug trafficking as well as ways to help drug addicts.
The team, under the leadership of Fernando Diniz as interim coach, played well from the start and had plenty of chances, but Raphinha and Richarlison failed to score.
Regarding the meeting, Bah Balajied Rani and Paiem Wanphrang Syiem, expressed their deep sorrow over the non-inclusion of the Bhoi customs and traditions under the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage. Act, because of this custom of marrying women from abroad by the Bhoi, has been done since ancient times, but due to the lack of inclusion of this custom of marriage under the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act, it has affected many people. eh for those children born to a Bhoi father and a foreign woman.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the MP candidates know how to speak on their election issues after the political parties have elected them as MP candidates. The people want to see the leaders of the Lok Sabha from the ethnic parties and the cooperation of these two ethnic parties, the UDP and the HSPD within the RDA, will bring victory to their candidate.
Then he showed $20, which turned out to be $200,000 (£159,000).
You shot for Khasi until.
The arrival of various companies in the state is an opportunity for the young job seekers who are struggling in the world and the era of unemployment.
Earlier, the Ministry of Home Affairs, through the Chief Secretary, had directed the State Government, through the Chief Secretary, to recognize the Mawjymbuin Creek as a heritage site, but the State Government has not done anything. said Myrthong.
The DC and DSO are Stephanie.
The construction of new buildings will help us to improve the development of the state and its people.
At a meeting held today near the Rimanar Bridge, the residents unanimously decided that from tomorrow they will weld with nar to stop the vehicles that carry illegal vehicles especially “It is to be recalled that on the 20th of July, the voice of the people of Sumer has already placed a petition in front of the Executive Engineer of the The PWD NEC has sent a copy to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District and we have requested them to take action against this. The bridge, but the authorities are silent on this while the dumpers carrying coal are passing by the bridge without believing ei ei. Why don't the district authorities listen to the voice of the people, there is something behind these rich people who carry illegal coal, if anything happens to the people who will be responsible, does the DC dare to say that Do you know that there is no coal? When you have sent a copy of the article to him, these are the signs that you have sent this message to those who are rich and poor. shim kabu, remember that the time will come when you will be stupid and don't feel like me, besides carrying or mining coal and stealing and doing bad things and if anything happens to the people who come and go you will take responsibility" This is the voice of the people of Bri Sumer through Bah Albinus Lamurong.
Shillong:"Why don't the Kharmetor who have been illegally living and living illegally in Them Iew Mawlong for a long time, even now, but they are threatening in the newspapers, but they are not being arrested. “We are the citizens of the state who earn only a small amount of money on the side of the road. They have ordered us to leave the places where we sell within 10 days,” said the vendors who live on the side of the road.
On this occasion, there was also a meeting and a New Year celebration, which included song, dance and song.
The decision was taken by the High Court today and the case has been dismissed as it is expected that the NGT will take the necessary action against the illegal mining in the state.
All the relatives and others who have any connection with this person are urged to immediately collect the body which is currently inside the morgue of the hospital before handing it over to the authorities. Shillong Municipal Board has not done what is necessary.
The presence of 303 BJP MPs in India will do anything to deceive the Non-BJP voters, we Christians don't care because we have only 2+%.
He also recalled the statement of Bah Banteidor MLA Mawkynrew constituency on the statement that as the PDF, after being joined by the UDP party, it was only in a few hours that it failed in its actions. UDP.Shillong: U MDC of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bindo M Lanong on Tuesday said that the people of the state should think carefully before electing an MP from the state. democracy may also end in the country.
Matthew 10:23.
When the Svamitva ceremony was held in Delhi, the Modi government did not allow the drones to fly, but the state government did not do so, using the DCs. , BDO, other Government officers and police, but sent to KHADC to accept to do this, during the tenure of CEM Bah Titos Chyne.
D.Dkhar scored the second goal for Tpeppale in the 40th minute.
It is OK if you don’t like the candidates but votes can change everything.
As the days go by, mankind has benefited from the forests and the land as well. The trade in forest products has increased until the time has come for the destruction of forests. forests, that they may build houses.
In our lives, everyone has their own goal. People who don't have a goal in their lives are useless to be born into this world because they don't have a purpose. be like that tree that bears no fruit and is useless.
These are some of the things that the Congress party has done for the people,” he said.
How can I know and tell you?
On Tuesday, Lumparing SC will play against Kharang SC at 2:30 pm while Mawlai SC will play against Ïasnohktilang FC at 4:15 pm.
Deibormi NongpohIn this Khasi-Jaintia Hills, most of the names of villages, places and lands are given after the events that happened in them and also from the presence of hills, rivers, rocks, trees, shrubs and so on.
Recently, the Minister of State for Child Development, John Barla, has admitted that the state government does not implement properly the schemes of the central government even those relating to the poor.
The project was allocated T.22 crore during the tenure of Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Bindo M Lanong in 2010 and the government has awarded it to Rapsang Company.
The Assam Police have been involved in the implementation of development projects not only funded by the state government, but also development projects funded by the central government, such as the implementation of the Mahatma Gandhi Scheme. Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme and others.
From this we understand clearly that we must continue to develop, strengthen and build up Sohra.
On the same day, the driver and another assistant of the pickup truck (with registration number Assam) were shot dead by the people who had covered their faces. house in the area.
She demanded that MeECL should immediately repair the dam otherwise the Seng will have to move forward for the sake of the people, said the General Secretary of the Seng, Ma AB Pamksang.
Dhaka: Bangladesh today imposed a stricter curfew after 108 people died in a single day, one of the highest death tolls in the country. country, you have the corona virus.
However, one from the left came, one from the right came and offered from the front and behind until Conrad and I couldn't sleep anymore.
Now the whole world has changed.
“Right! “Shong pa, I'll drink first,” said the son and went to the shop where he used to drink.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, today said that through the random testing across the state, 23,221 people have been tested positive. days that are positive.
The Kur Lyngdoh Nonglait has celebrated the 172nd birth anniversary of Phan Nonglait with a short meeting held at her residence in Nongrmai, Eastern West Khasi Hills District. This is also the first event of the Kur after the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah Wilfred Nongsiej has declared a public holiday.
Because of that, this team expects to show momentum again.
We don't get anything from the merger, but we get to put forward our suggestions on the amendment of the Sixth Schedule," he said.
The foreigner was a builder of a newly built house (name unknown but police said it was the Jyrwa house).
In the fourth match of the Under-14 men's category, Monfort Hr Sec School beat St. John's Sec School 4-1 Nikgam DA Sangma (13,28,40 min) and Topay Momin (43 min) scored the third goal for the opponent.
If the parents are rich and have land, they divide their wealth and property among their daughters according to their wealth and property. and thus, they receive land or land to build houses according to the strength and size of the saipan.
For Mulait, they finished the tournament with two wins in two games.
“The reason why the state does not get the ILP is because the state government has not taken action to force the central government on this issue and the passage of the resolution is only a matter of completing the process and stopping the protest. I'm sorry," said Mr. Ardent.
He said that the initiatives and innovations of the CEOs for the use of IT in the conduct of elections should be looked into where the procedures that can be used should be strengthened and implemented. ECI IT / Apps to avoid doing the same job twice.
NPP MLA James K Sangma said the government's failure to arrest SI Nirul Islam shows that the government has failed in its work.
He taught and encouraged the children that in these days we need education, because if we learn we will not be despised anywhere. Young people, that you should leave this village of Nongkohlew to become Doctors, Engineers or Civil Servants one day, by working hard from now on.
Thus God loves the nations of the world only if man is willing to listen to the word of the Lord and keep His commandments.
There is now a variety of rice in the United Province that cannot be damaged by a rice bug because the inflorescence does not grow from the leaf. sheath).
William Nagar Police have ordered people to flee the market and conducted a search operation to find the bomb.
When asked what the Government will do with such schools which are already in the knowledge of the Ministry of Education, the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma said it is true that there are many schools. such as schools with single digit enrollment.
Because Nongnah Village has five kyntoit, only three kyntoit are still visible in this scenery of Nongnah Village.
It is a heavy element that has radioactive power to produce alpha gas.
He said that if the government wants development in the state, it should listen to the demands of the teachers and on the part of the union, support the teachers under the banner of JACATAM who are protesting until now.
He said that the availability of social media has helped him to reach out to the public and many people have known and recognized him from social media platforms like YouTube, X, Facebook and others.
“The people who live from shyiap mining will face many problems after the Deputy Commissioner has issued a notice to ban shyiap mining,” said the Sohra MLA. this problem of the people.
“My appeal to the people is to be farsighted and vote for the BJP. It will be a blessing if the party gives ticket to Kong Fenella and if she wins “It will bring milk and honey to the State, it will bring many development projects to create employment opportunities for the people of the State,” he said.
This raid has shocked the vendors and the union warns to continue this raid and to warn those who commit illegal acts.
The 7.8-magnitude earthquake will kill between 10 and 30 people, about 10 million people in California and 10,000 in Pakistan, India, Iran and China, US earthquake scientist David said. Wald.
Therefore, the Admins of Group Antor would like to apologize to Dr. Jemnino Mawthoh for this post and that the Admins of Group Antor have nothing to do with it. The person who posted these articles is Dr. Jemino Mawthoh.
Therefore, the RBSU leaders said that the RBSU will not rest, but will continue to work hard and find out all the facts, in order to find and expose those who have misused these funds. it does not grow in these villages.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22 : U Vincent H Pala, MP and President of the MPCC, on Tuesday said that the Home Minister, Lahkmen Rymbui, should take the He has been responsible for the shooting death of four people and serious injuries to many people in the attack by the Assam police on the Mukroh border.
While you are in power, you can do whatever you want, but you must also remember that when you lose power, even the king becomes a riew madan.
One probably can buy luxury items like chairs, cupboards, house colors, various beautiful decorations to decorate the house.
These village leaders expressed their regret to learn about the existence of some of the areas that will go to Assam and said that if these areas go to Assam, it will cause losses. which is great for the people in these villages.
The traffic jam was seen from San Mer to Iew Mawlong.
Shillong, November 3: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, has sent the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek to the funeral of former Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh, Jarbom Gamlin at Itanagar on Tuesday. on Tuesday.
, said that the cooperation between the NSDC and the Education Department will bring about changes that will lead to victory.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 17: The KSU Umkrem Unit has strongly condemned the robbers who broke a child inside the village on Tuesday, where a driver of a vehicle was found from Marngor area at 8 pm.
Anastesia Shullai scored 21 runs without being dismissed while Zoya Tasneem contributed 11 runs.
During the meeting, the village leaders from Oragitok, Chandigre, Tosekgre, Baladingre and Sakalgre expressed their concern about the development works before the Prime Minister.
During Christmas and Easter, only 10 out of 100 people attend church,” said Pastor JF Jyrwa.
When asked about the entry fee for the women who follow the Lok, they are quick to answer, but when asked what they do to those Khasi women who bring the Dkhar Lok to the village, many of the village leaders said: and the civilians are far from responsive.
Meghalaya will face Arunachal Pradesh from Group 2 at 11 am and Sikkim will face Assam at 11 am on Saturday. 3:30 pm in Group 1.
The Synod service, which was attended by a large number of Pastors, Tymmen Basan, Leaders of various Churches, whether from the District or outside the District, on this day. Dr. DD Lapang, MLA of the constituency and Adviser to the State Government was also present.
The relatives of the Kharkongor Kur have taken the incident to the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) to demand a magisterial inquiry.
The Government of India now intends to amend Act 366, which relates to Other Backward Classes (OBC).
Deibor Bareh scored an own goal in the 33rd minute and Sunidonhi Rymbai in the 63rd minute.
On the changes in the Sports and Agriculture Department in the State which the Prime Minister himself has already spoken about, Bah Banteidor said that the people should not be confused by asking for passbooks or others.
Nothing to say.
However, it should not be done for a while.
Also present at the swearing-in ceremony were Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew, Environment Secretary CEC, Pynkmenlang Sanmiet, President of the Union of Village Authorities of Jaintia Hills, Arminius C. Lipon and other leaders. Ma Mankula Lamin Gashngam, Dr. HH Mohrmen, Advocates, FKJGP, JSU and HNYF together with leaders and members of the War Jaintia Hills District. KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit and others.
Shillong, Naitung, 11: Leaders of the Zilla Panchayat Council of North Goa on Tuesday visited the District Councils in Meghalaya to inspect the functioning of the District Councils and how they conduct development works and other activities. related to economic development within their borders.
The transportation and vehicle fees for the delivery of these items under these three schemes shall be paid by the Government to the wholesalers or dealers as usual from time to time.
As a nation, we have not yet forgiven the people who suffered the murder of Woh Kiang Nangbah, Pa'iem Tirot Sing Syiemlieh and other relatives who died for the sake of the nation from violence. you are English.
This will also include the purchase of wheelchairs to expedite emergency response.
Perhaps in the days when this book was written, these words were still more difficult to think of and were a proverb that was far from the everyday life of the people.
Every workplace has its own working conditions and when you enter the workplace you have to sign a social hour to determine the salary and hours of work.
It may be recalled that the MCH Hospital Nongstoiñ has been completed for several years and the people and even various civil society organizations have been protesting against the government's failure to complete the building. Health workers, adequate equipment to assist poor mothers and children should be provided.
However, it was the first time here.
However, there are many young people who join these organizations just to earn money.
The semi final match between Laitkor Rngi SC vs Lumparing SC and Mawlai SC vs PFR Football Academy will be played on 24th November 2023 at the First Ground, SSA Stadium. (Polo), Shillong and tickets will be available on the ground.
On the other hand, the MLA said that he has seen this and funds have already been allocated for this purpose and the road will be improved soon, said a statement sent by the General Secretary Samla Lurman B. Talang.
“For me, I believe that we will reach the 10 Billion Dollar Economy and we will reach the Top-10 in the country.
The truck left Shillong at 4 pm and was on its way to Nongstoin but when it reached a narrow road at Jaidohkroh in Nongspung. suddenly turned after moving the fastest moving small vehicles to the direction of the truck.
The Kni has that authority to look after especially the family and the children.
“I urge all the cow farmers in the state to inform their district veterinarians, so that the government can collect the figures and provide assistance to them.
“Meghalaya is also trying to promote sports among the youth of the state by organizing many sports tournaments.
If you answer that the driver of the company is clean, you will be charged.
Shylla said that we are the people who have the right to rely on Article 29 (1) when there is any problem which defines the rights of the minorities and Article 244 also clearly states the power. Your low paid through the 6th Schedule.
In this regard, they urged Dr Mukul Sangma to take action to talk for the sake of the Garo people and bring peace and stability in all aspects.
For clarification here, Nongjngi is the District and Raij of Nongjngi and the Headquarters of Nongjngi District.
He condemned the corruption and corruption of government officials to make money illegally.
Speaking to reporters, the Syiem of Raid Marwet and the Rangbah Shnong of Khanapara, said that they have not given any permission to the Assam government to build the Transit Camp. The Dorbar Shnong and the Dorbar Raid have opposed the construction of the Assam Building in Khanapara.
The ANVC(B) launched the attack at 3 pm.
The final quarter final will be played on the 16th between Lumpariat and Mooknor Thadmuthlon.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister called upon all to work together for the sake of peace and stability, as it is now that peace has begun to come and to maintain it there is a need for cooperation. together with all the people, the government has done its duty.
The share of allocation for women in the Union Budget has been increased to 6.5 per cent in 2024-25 from 5 per cent in 2023-2
Speaking to media, Tynsong said the Congress party has become like a ship that is about to sink and on my part, I would like to urge the Congress leaders. that they may not be moved away.
Not only that, he said that there were also people who came to catch those fish that had fallen into the water because they had taken medicine and those fish that had died were not less than to 40 kilograms.
Nongstoiñ, July 12: The death of small fish in a pond on the east side of Mawthadraishan Hill, which falls within the boundary of Lawdisai village, is suspected to have been caused by the death of fish. The owners of the pond, including Aiborlang Syiem Shangoi and Beldingstone Lyngdoh Nonglait, have lodged a complaint at Mairang Police Station regarding the incident.
The East Zonal Khelo India Wushu Women's League was held at Kokrajhar, Assam from 3rd to 6th July,
He said that in the past, the collection of Shnong fees was T.300/-, T.200/-, T.100/- and T.50/-, but now it has been increased suddenly until they cannot resist. but this is the decision.
We cannot convince Assam that they stand on the basis of the Constitution.
Renik also thanked Rowell Lyngdoh, former MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency for convincing the government to introduce the Rurban Mission scheme in the South West Khasi Hills. Hills, which is one of the four districts including West Jaintia Hills, North Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills, said Bah Renik. Shyama Prasad Mukherji Rurban Mission.
Whether timsih has existed since ancient times or whether it is a newly emerged or newly created language, Rupang has tried to get information from the people who used to study the ancient Khasi way of life. and people who still hold to the religion and customs of the Khasi Tynrai.
“In 2020-21, the damage has reached 12,000 hectares of land and about 28,222 farmers have been affected and about T.15 crore has been handed over to the Central Government.
Gabriel Wahlang has defeated Mac Millan Byrsat sitting MLA from the NPP by 2624 votes. Mac Millan received 11,223 votes.
Gavin said that the delay in completion has also led to the increase in the cost of work to Rs 143 crore, an increase which is higher than the budget set by the state government. .
Speech was also delivered by KSU Central Body Leader Samla Shemphang Lyngdoh Mawphlang. Litigation Secretary said that he is deeply grateful to the Dolloi, Rangbah Shnong Secretary who have opposed the opening of the market. He also promised that the KSU Sengkmie will give its full support to the two parties, the KSU and the HNYF. He gave a speech to support the two parties to close the market.
I will never forget the year 1993 when the Khasi National Celebration Committee celebrated the Special Year of the Indigenous Peoples.
However, there is a strong doubt that these figures may not match at all, as the collection of information has been slow from various hospitals, nursing homes and others.
The Shella constituency is the stronghold of the party which was won by Dr Donkupar nine times as MLA and was re-elected with the victory of his son.
“In fact, I have spoken to the Speaker of the House to discuss this issue but due to the unavoidable needs of the Minister of Home Affairs, it has been postponed,” said Conrad.
During his tenure as MLA, he tried his best to deliver relief to all the villages.
Of course, we are proud of the Government for being ready to help these people, but at the same time it should collect information – how many people come to the State so that they do not become full citizens. “Here,” said the General Secretary of the party, Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon.
The story of miracles spreads in the lives of the lepers, the lame, the blind, the deaf, the mentally ill and people who do not have access to health care good and perfect disease.
Nongstoiñ: Shohphria Government LP School, which was established in 1956, is one of the oldest schools in West Khasi Hills. the school began to deteriorate and fall into disrepair, owing to neglect in many respects.
Angelina (Miss Teen) took home a check of T.25,0
Speaking to media, the Chairman of the JAC, Bah Bines Makri, expressed his regret over the Government's lack of attention to the salary they should have received after completing their duties properly. by the Government for the purpose of elections and also in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic.
On the part of the HNYM, we have met with these companies and we have talked to them that they should appoint locals, but the answer we have received is that they have appointed them. The villagers and those villagers are only from the village where their Manufacturing Plants (Factories) are located.
On the other hand, KHADC Latiplang Kharkongor said that from now on, when there are development works in Block I and Block II, the District Council will no longer need to ask for permission, but will inform Assam. will know that no damage will result.
Mawpat, Standing Choir of Eastern Synod, Thomas Jones School, Mission, Thadlaboh Church, New Nornstion, Standing Choir of KJP Eastern Synod, and Nongsawlia Church.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 11: The IA Ayurvedic Medical College (IAMC) and the University Hospital of Ayurveda and Naturopathy (UHAN) on Thursday celebrated the 8th National Ayurveda Day by holding a YOGA, mass march and also to give training on Ayurveda treatment in memory of the God of medicine Sri Sri Dhanwantari.
U Bah Edius Thongni and his wife completed the training by donating 6 kg of Khasi rice and 2 kg of rice to 12 children, 2 children. women and 3 elderly people who were missing during the curfew.
When asked by Sumer what species of fish are in the District Council pond in Lailad, Albinus said, “There are more species of fish than human beings, there are Marshal, Maral, Rahu and others".
He said the UDP leaders have also ordered to strengthen the party branches in different villages in order to achieve the goal in the upcoming elections.
Anand Mahindra, Chairman of Mahindra Group, released the figures on Twitter; on the vehicle ownership of the population in India as a whole, which is 7.5 percent.
He was speaking at the election campaign for the MP candidate nominated by the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) including the UDP and HSPDP, at a public meeting held in Khliehriat today.
For more information please register or call 6909110529/7005861828/8
We have done that and the police have lost their sleep because they are working hard,” he said.
This is the “MAHAM” to protect us from the corona virus.
Earlier, in the House today, the Prime Minister said that it is true that the Minister of Home Affairs has sent his resignation letter last night.
The CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, has said that the CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, will contest the MP election. When asked, Shylla said that there has been no call for talks within the NPP party for the joint candidate for the MP election. MP of Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
“Kynjah makna ruh, when you are allowed to listen, you listen.
In the end they will have to sacrifice like the ancients.
The UDP has sent a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs of the Government of India to express its strong opposition to the extension of the term of the Congress-led Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC). for the third time.
“In the sixth month the blood of the seed of the firstborn was sprinkled in the joy of marriage” (Judg 7:2).
Rymbai said that after a meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, he informed that these works demanded by the College have already progressed and the Government is waiting for the end of the 2024 MP Election.
Jowai, Naiwieng 4: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) War Jaintia District in collaboration with the FKJGP West Jaintia Hills District has sent a letter to the EE PWD Roads Central Division Jowai regarding the to request to install a speed breaker at Ladjaplem village, through the National Highway 40E under Amlarem Sub Division, West Jainta Hills.
These STEMS buses will start operating in 2023 after the state government has released 30 school buses to be operated across the main parts of the city.
They were identified as Jahirul Haque, 22, son of Jahan Ali of Chapar, Golaganj, Inamul Haque, 29, son of Sahabuddin, Uchita, Golaganj, Mafigul Haque, 21, son of Mayajuddin. Sheikh of Dakshin, Golaganj, Md.Mansur Ali (Babuda) 36 son of Amar Uddin of Uchita Golaganj, Md.Karim Uddin Ahmed 18 son of Faqur Ali of Golaganj, Majimur Ali 18 son of Gomir SK of Chapar Baligan, Md. Sopikul Ali, 19 sons of Exyakub Ali of Baushmari Balayan.
For the eye hath not seen, nor the ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him. seen No ears hath heard, no mind hath conceived, what God hath prepared for them that love HIM" 1 Corinthians 2:1.
He said that the Meghalaya TMC will cancel the social agreement between Meghalaya and Assam and also to return the land of the B-Mahal to the people.
“I want to ask how the poor can pay up to T.3000 per month when they don't even get enough to pay,” said the Nongkrem MLA.
He said that the EC under Section 5 of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Act, 2007, has approved and appointed Bah Ainam Manik. Syiem who was elected without any opposition to become the Syiem for life of the Hima Mylliem.
To restore this relationship of living things in a proper manner, it is necessary to restore or heal this environment which has been severely destroyed; from the waters, the rivers, the forests, the wild animals in the sea, and so on.
MeECL officials also said that they will take these demands to the higher authorities to inform them of the needs of the area.
The meeting was also attended by B.Marbaniang, Vice President of HNYF WKHD, Bah T.Swer and conducted by Bah Smalling Nongsiang. He said that the HNYF was founded by the HNLC in 1996 to work for the nation in the world and that the Khasi are still not full Indians but have been forced to leave. you nation.
Three houses in Thangskai village have been severely damaged by the storm and another house has been hit by a tree.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: Nongrim Hills SC beat Smit SC 3-1 in the First Division of the SSA on Friday.
The union said that all the dewbilat production companies in East Jaintia Hills have not yet received the clearance certificate from the Ministry of Forest and Environment and the Joint Inspection Team. The President of HANM Jaintia Hills, Shaniah Suchen, said that the HANM will not allow the meeting to be held without the government's clarification.
Is Father Albert Thyrniang a shepherd or a shepherd who eats sheep? What, then, is the reason why he wanted to become a priest, to defend the Christian faith? .
In the SPL Under18, Smit beat Mawkhar 1-0 with K.Nongspung scoring in the 75th minute.
From Smit, Thynroid, Dienglieng, Nongkrem, Sohryngkham and other villages, rice farmers used to sell their rice at Alukudam in Madanryting.
“Let's talk about one subject.
“The Dolloi should bring the customs and traditions in writing and submit them to the Council so that we can pass laws on the customs and traditions of the jaidbynriew,” said Winning. of the Raid Raliang which ended at 2 pm on the 27th of this month at Raliang.
Most of the time the posts are vacant, and very vacant, while those that are available are very few.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that the State Government has decided to reopen all colleges in the state. from 1st November 2021 which includes colleges in urban as well as rural areas.
He said that within 12 months of the completion of the road by the Dhar Construction Company, the road has deteriorated and he said that this shows that the Dhar Company has been using the road for personal gain.
“Many of the people who go to Assam for need, have been fined by the Assam Police, not only that but also the people who own vehicles at high prices, only because you don't have a pollution certificate.
Shillong, Lber 31: A man and his daughter have died after being struck by a strong earthquake in Mawsynram area at 4 pm this morning. and the tree fell down in their midst.
"Those who trust me will trust me," she said.
Acts 7:1-4
Reports have said that although Deepika has not signed many films like other actresses, the films she has signed are still expensive.
The opposition Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Saturday expelled a member of its State Executive Committee for his criticisms against the party.
Listening to the speeches of all those who spoke on the occasion, almost all of them said that such people with disabilities should be treated as the most special in the society and should not be despised or despised. respect them, because they are special creatures of God and have the right to live or to be regarded as perfect human beings.
The Seiñ Kur Dkhar, West Jaintia Hills District wishes you all a happy Eid.
Other elders from other villages in the Sohiong area who have decided to support Bah HDR include Bah Rishot Kurbah and Bah Balom Mawlong.
Before the ceremony, a short meeting was held and welcome speeches were delivered by Rev.BD Shangdiar who is in charge of the NEIMA orphanage in Sahsniang.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) today raided the warehouses of Professor Dinesh Bhatia, Associate Professor and Head of Biomedical. Engineering and who was arrested on 23rd November 2018, on charges of corruption.
In the U-14 category, Ïengskhem Diengdoh and Meshan Kharnaior of Umpling Presbyterian Secondary School won the Best Athlete title in the men's category.
The question is what is this? Isn't it a struggle or a struggle for happiness?
The party that has elected the candidate has not yet taken care of its own.
In his studies he had to sit for the final of BA (Arts).
MN Syiem and others gathered at Malki Square to force the MLAs of the ethnic parties to form the Lai Lama Government.
The speakers also expressed their surprise that during the election campaign they misused the word 'jaidbynriew' just to attract votes, but when they won they listened.
In the second division, Nongkseh beat Lumshyiap 2-0
But now you have covered all the households with your own people.
This has led to the disruption of the hospital and the suffering of the patients.
This is according to a statement issued by the Meghalaya Body Builders Association and the Meghalaya Yoga Association in connection with the holding of the 47′′ State Body Building Championships at the same time as the 42nd State Yogasana Championships on the 30th of this month. Nailur, 2023.
If a man married a woman from another village he had to bring her to his own village because his wife had no land in her village.
Himanta also brought before the House the list of 12 persons injured in the incident at Mukroh.
ASHAs are female volunteers who have been trained in health under the National Rural Health Mission of the Government of India.
Khamti Lamurong 33' and Dongmi Surong 54' scored the two goals for Umladkhur.
According to the owners of the house, the incident happened at 2 pm yesterday, when no one was found inside the house. home.
He said that this is the purpose of the Seng Samla to increase the number of fish in the river, as the extinction of fish species in the river has been seen due to the pollution of humans. who have not seen the beasts that live in the waters.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) has issued a resolution against the Citizenship Amendment Bill.
We must remember that these foreign vehicles bring only a small amount of revenue to the government budget,” he added.
Pastor ER Kharkrang, Administrative Secretary of the Synod Assembly, said that once Pastor Basaiawmoit won the election, he said that it was not his duty to speak on the matter. The last MP had a discussion but he (Basaiawmoit) said that he will not contest the election anymore.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Bobby said that he has started working on this project since 2019 when he saw the problems faced by the people of Nongstoin. He said that his first priority is to eradicate the poverty of the people of Nongstoin area and not only in food poverty but in all aspects.
All trucks carrying coal have been ordered to cover the coal with a waterproof tarpaulin to prevent pollution of the environment along the NH-4
Speaking on the occasion, the youth want Pynursla MLA Prestone Tynsong to forget about his uniform and his party and come to the residence of Bah Ardent. “You cannot change the uniform of the nation, you can change the uniform of the party.
Speaking to reporters, the Prime Minister also rejected the demand of the 10 Kuki MLAs who demanded their own government. to get their own state).
Shillong, November 10: The 12 hour curfew called by the Sengbhalang today has gone smoothly without any incident.
He said that this is a happy day to announce the project with the intention of starting the construction of the project, and after taking over the department he has been able to release the funds from the state share which is Rs.1.4 crore.
Birla called a meeting of all political parties to discuss the incident and said it had been handed over to the Delhi Police for investigation.
“Besides the laws and rules, there is a need for a directive and this directive is in what form the Dorbar Shnongs can refuse or accept to issue NoC without fear of those who promise to issue NoC,” he said. .
Nongpoh MDC and Charles Marngar, Mawhati MDC.
The 2010 Act also excludes illegal land owners and their heirs who have suddenly become Tribals from the amendment of the Constitution.
“We give 100 percent and it is up to the people to support us because they see how we work, they know the programmes,” said Dr. Jasmine Lyngdoh. I will bring you to Nongthymmai and to the State.
When examining Bhattacharjee's documents including statements from the Justice Department, it was found that the Muktiar has been in office for nearly 30 years and has appeared in the High Court on many cases.
Donald P Wahlang said the selection test for the SSLC or matric examination for regular and private students will be held between April and November and the final examination. for SSLC and HSSLC will be between October and June
On the fourth day, Musiang (16th November) at 5 pm, the Longdoh together with the Wasan Raij will perform the Kñia Syiem Ryngkaw at Mukoi Ryngkaw.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said, “I request the Sengbhalang to take action to meet the officer or the leaders in Delhi to raise this issue along with the the state government to find solutions to these problems.
Conrad said these political leaders have a goal to bring about a new Meghalaya in 2018 and they have turned to the NPP party which has that goal.
The Minister said that if the project is successful, it will be extended to other districts of the state.
This is just one example that clearly shows the pervasiveness of the drug and the number of users of this dangerous substance.
The statement by one of the senior leaders of the Meghalaya government that the villages in Block II are within the border of Assam has encouraged and pleased the people of Assam.
There are also recreation areas for children, a small football field for the youth, a playground for the elderly and residential buildings built on tree trunks. On that day, the horse was placed where the children gathered to watch and play with it.
The feast of weeks is the time of the descent of the Holy Spirit.
" Rogozin quoted from a poem by Russian poet Alexander Pushkin, in which he said, "You thieves, you are young, you are not strong enough to fight me and you will not be able to fight me. it is the end of the time.
Jowai, November 23 : The Deputy Commissioner (DC) together with the District Sports Officer of West Jaintia Hills District have held a program to honor the athletes and coaches of the district who have won the 2nd North East. The 2022 Olympic Games will be held in Shillong.
The announcement urged all the residents to be vigilant during the storm to avoid any injury especially in connection with fires and also to take good care of the electrical wires in their homes.
Shillong, Lber 08 : The All India Congress Committee (AICC) on Thursday confirmed the names of Bah Vincent H Pala and Saleng A Sangma as the MP candidates of the Congress from Shillong and Tura for the upcoming MP elections. you shall be long shen.
Shillong, November 30: The Chief Secretary of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) together with the EM of the Elaka, Bah KP Pangniang will leave for Mawpen to hand over the documents to the Syiem of Bhowal Hima. iem Kynsai Of The King.
Rising Star won the Open T20 Cricket Tournament 2021 organized by the All Jaintia Cricket Association (AJCA) after beating Umshangïar by a super over in the final of the AJCA on Saturday. .
I am surprised how those researchers and writers on Meghalaya dare to write that Meghalaya has 22,429 Sq.
Vaccines, comorbidities, social distancing, oxygen, first jab, second jab, RTPCR test, ventilator, variant etc etc. iong I will benefit from it.
The Government has provided this grant because it itself has not been able to provide accommodation even after setting up corona care, quarantine centres, but there is a shortage of accommodation and with the emergence of villages to cooperate with The government has been able to increase the number of residential areas for returnees from all over the states of India.
Police at the time of writing of this news are still at the scene to search for the people and pull the bodies from the high ground.
The union said it found that its gate had been locked for about two months.
The former MLA was warmly welcomed by the Chief Minister and NPP National President Conrad K Sangma, DyCM and National Vice President Prestone Tynsong, DyCM Sniawbhalang Dhar and other party leaders. The meeting was held at the NPP office in Shillong.
This good name wakes up, This goodness comes before the hope, Sing this song, Jana song mangala- dayaka, go he Bhaarata Bhagya Vidhata.
The decision to close the market was taken after a meeting of the Jowai Waheh Shnong Union led by the president of the union, Alan Niangti and the Executive Member of JHADC in charge of the market, Ma Evening Teron on Thursday.
On 20.4.2012, Tarun Gogoi, Congress leader in Assam, sent a letter to the Prime Minister of India demanding that India should grant Indian citizenship to Hindus and Sikhs from Bangladesh if they are allowed to do so. mock.
At this meeting, the Steering Committee will announce the work done and also submit a report on the meeting of the Committee with the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma. All the residents of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills to attend this public meeting, said a statement from Ma Kitbor.
Patna, July 08 : The Cabinet of Ministers of Bihar on Monday announced a double increase in the salary of senior Panchayat leaders besides the increase in the salary of Anganwadis.
Welkin, son of John Khongjee, set the record on 26th July 2013 when he walked from Mawiong Rim to Sohryngkham and returned to Mawiongrim. Then to Saiden, Nongpoh to complete the 100 kilometer walk within 24 hours.
to the people who don't work for the day, you're too stupid.
According to these youths, the Assam authorities have removed the quota from Meghalaya because Assam has increased the quota for medical education for the OBCs in Assam.
Manish Sharma took the most wickets for 6/50 in 30 overs.
Shillong, June 2: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today held an election campaign in Sohra, Khliehshnong. UDP President Dr. Donkupar Roy, Sohra MLA Titos Chyne who was also the chairman of the meeting were also present. Speaking at the meeting, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, UDP candidate for the Lok Sabha election 2014, said that this is the time for the people to surprise the people to send a leader to Parliament who 'Use a sword that is still sharp, not to sleep at night to shut the weak and the weak, and don't send me away when I'm old. “I am 70-75 years old, because I need to spend time playing with my children, I have to spend time watering the flowers at that age,” said Bah Paul.
The villagers sat by the fire and slept by the fire at night because it was very cold.
Police on the evening of the 20th of this month seized 253.53 grams of heroin worth T.2 crore from a Sumo from Madanrting, Shillong.
These foreigners did not forgive even the Sordar of Ichamati and attacked him.
How did they sign the MoU to allow the Khasi-Jaintia villages to Assam? How can they claim that they (MDA) are the only ones who can resolve the border with Assam after 50 years? Should have been ashamed instead of proud.
Jowai, March 04 : The family of Parad Kelvinistic Nonglamin, 102, from Nongtalang Khlachympa Village, 7-Amlarem LA Constituency, has expressed its gratitude to the Election Commission of India for honoring him. The International Day of Older Persons was celebrated today.
In another innings, NGH scored only 40 runs for the loss of all wickets but the team managed to stop EGH by scoring only 92 runs. Sangma tied 50 runs for 53 balls.
Shillong, June 23 : Hundreds of youths from rural areas who are studying only in Class VIII, Class IX and Class X have gone across India to work in various fields such as jobs. mechanics, hospitals, beauty parlors, call centres, clothing companies and other lines.
Up to nine bike thieves have been arrested by the East Khasi Hills Police and four Pulsar bikes have been recovered from them.
Cristiano Ronaldo's two penalties gave Portugal a chance to beat France in the European Championship on Saturday night.
When asked why the International Hospital did not call the GHCH, but instead called the police to bring Victoria, she did not have any illness or committed any crime. “I don't know if you've done anything wrong,” replied the doctor. He said that the behavior of Victoria when she arrived at the hospital, by looking at her face, showed that she was is defective and no longer of sound mind.
Mawlynnong's appearance in the world magazine came through a visit by one of its authors, Pallavi Pasricha (Lonely Planet Author) in June last year.
In boxing, it will be a day of joy for the Meghalaya Boxing Association, and this comes after Bhalang Shadap won the silver medal in the 67th round. Sanjeev Maskut (48kg), Khrawbok Marwein (51kg), Banjop Nongkhlaw (54kg), Sunil Limbu (57kg), Ram Lyngdoh (60kg) and Riteeka Sarki (57kg) won the bronze medals.
The husband of the woman, Fortunate Pala, has fled the scene and the West Jaintia Hills District Police are still searching for him.
He said that those who are not leaders should be brave not like those who are not leaders but Mukul has introduced a law that counts the number of MDCs who are MLAs and one MDC who is not a leader resigns immediately. “It is only Bah PN Syiem who has shown true courage and we have to pay tribute to him,” he said.
U Bah Synshar, who is also known as Pup, said that the joy of the people on the 20th of June will turn into joy on the 13th of June.
Today, this organization is no longer a student organization; but an organization of fathers of schoolchildren, because almost all the leaders are married with children.
What encourages the participants in the sports is the thorough preparation in which there are no complaints or accusations.
So “if you fall, the sword will devour you”.
He doesn't want to fight, he doesn't know how to talk badly about others... he is gentle, humble, humble.
At the end of the tournament, Bah Jason Sawkmie Mawlong, MLA Umsning Constituency, was the chief guest, Bah Gavin Mylliemngap MLA Sohra, Bah Magdalyn Sawkmie Mawlong, MDC Umsning, U Alvin K Sawkmie, MDC Mawsynram, Mitchel Wankhar, MDC Laban, PM Marbaniang, District Sports Officer, Raja Brahman, BDO Umsning Block and other dignitaries.
Shillong, July 14 : Nongjrong Village in Mawkynrew Constituency has attracted many tourists not only from India but also from abroad. The village is still eager to improve it.
D.Marbaniang, Resident of Pomlakrai M.Tariang, Resident of Pomlakrai.
The meeting held today has not yet taken any decision and the decision will be taken by the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam.
Other sources said that North Shillong MLA and Chairman Sanbor Shullai today submitted his performance report to the Minister. in the State of Conrad Sangma.
If you have any objection or if you have any objection to the electoral roll, you must lodge it on or before 9th November 2023 through Form 6, 6A, 7,
Sincerity Phanbuh's poetry and short stories come from the bottom of her heart when she is alone.
The Seng Khasi Kmie has decided to hold a thanksgiving ceremony at Lum Shyllong after seeking permission from Pa'iem Ainam Syiem. on the 24th of October, 10 days after the Seng had completed its thanksgiving ceremony at the Khasi Seng Hall, which was held yesterday.
The CBI has raided several places in Shillong, Delhi, Mumbai and Sirmaur in Himachal Pradesh.
The conversion of these tribals to Hinduism is done through volunteers who preach in the villages where the tribals live and explain to them that there is no difference between their traditional religion and the Hindu religion. Hindu religion.
They do not want and do not demand benefits from the government; However, their goal is only to become citizens by getting the right to vote and they have received the blessings and protection of the leaders of Assam.
It is learned that the child did not wear a helmet while driving the scooty and this led to his death.
The ceremony was led by Belda Sari, Headteacher of Mukhla Nongrim SSA LP School.
Shillong has also hosted the South Asian Games in 2016 and the South Asian Federation Junior Table Tennis Championship in
The first time was in 2019 when (L) Hepsing Dhar won.
The Eucharistic Procession was led by the Vicar General of Jowai Diocese Fr. Martin Shylla in the presence of the Parish Priest of Umkiang Parish, Fr. Francis Sabestian, sisters and faithful.
Neng said that the sad thing is that the opposition is unfounded because if they are grounded they too will support.
Water shortages will lead to water shortages and pestilences.
We are a small state with only two MPs in the Lok Sabha and it is not easy if we don't get support especially when there are larger states with more MPs,” she said.
Leading companies including TimesPro, Adecco, Sudexo and others participated in the programme.
The Government from time to time encourages farmers and youth to turn to agriculture so that they can stand on their own feet. The JSM has urged the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh to provide fertilizer to the farmers in the area and also to other places.
On the government's directive to send people to wear masks in public places, he said that many of the people who do not wear masks, and the government should punish them with the Stringent measures should also be taken as there is no cure yet.
Three blocks along with the PFR Academy, Mawphlang Block, Laitkroh Block and Mylliem Block participated in the event.
Shillong: Members of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia Garo People (FKJGP) Central Body on Monday visited two solid waste management machines at Marten. These machines have been installed for a year, but until now there has been no implementation of these SWM machines.
Speaking to media, Kong Arbihlang Suchiang said that there were 1200 contract teachers who sat for the MTET Examination for 2019 and the result was released in June 2020 and they passed. only 10% out of 1200 people.
“We will seek clarification from the state government on the inability to fully implement the employment scheme for persons with disabilities in the state,” Gurjar said.
The department for the first time has implemented the Tax Amnesty Scheme, through the Meghalaya Settlement of Arrears Act, 2020 in which there has been attention of taxpayers who have not paid taxes for many years.
Seven Set Higher Sec School, Malki 36.
Without forgetting the sons and daughters, the sons of the people like Woh Kiang Nangbah, Kiri Doloi, Tirot Sing Syiem, Phan Nonglait and others who lived and sacrificed their lives. for the sake of righteousness, customs, religion, land especially for the peace of the Hynniewtrep people.
Thus, the MDC and MP elections will come soon and Bah Lapang will decide how, how to speak and where to support and work hard to win.
Only two Sikkim players have scored 10 runs.
The bridge has been constructed by the Soil and Water Conservation Department in the past few months.
In other districts, ASHAs receive 10 tyngka. Why only in South West Khasi Hills do they receive only 6 tyngka? They have to Xerox all the formats and reports to claim their incentives, besides the low pay and the lack of proper assistance to the ASHAs. the formats of the work they have to do.
And so what we’re seeing now is one example of that step to make sure that there’s order in our process.
He said that the death toll from this earthquake is an illegal act caused by the negligence of those who implemented it.
There are 48 cases in East Khasi Hills, 3 in East Jaintia Hills, 3 in East Garo Hills, 7 in Ri Bhoi, 1 in South West Khasi Hills, 1 in West Garo Hills and 1 in North Garo Hills.
The driver of the truck said that the coal was being transported from Soo Kilo to Guwahati.
They left only the hill areas of the Hima Jaintiapur to be ruled by Syiem Rajendra Singh and this did not work and the British made the whole Hima Jaintiapur a British Area.
Lyngwa said that after discussion with doctors, it was said that the disease has no impact on human health and is a disease that affects only cows.
Many tourism management groups have supported themselves because the government authorities have not listened or seen their hard work and they can stand on their own feet even without any assistance. from the government.
Khliehriat, March 5: The employees of East Jaintia Hills District, who are members of the All Jaintia Mid Day Meal Workers Union, today left for the office. They also talked to the SDSEO about the lack of wages for six months. These employees also sat in front of the SDSEO office carrying placards, banners of PM Pohshan's Mid Day Meal.
RM Shabong, Editor & Publisher Rupang, on Tuesday, among others, visited Ardent Basaiawmoit, who is on strike at the Additional Secretariat.
“Intelligence groups...have said that people who have settled in Pakistan after committing and participating in terrorist attacks (in India) have now started increasing their attacks from Dilbag Singh, Director-General of J&K Police, said the operation started in Doda district, where 16 residents of villages that have been turned into refugee camps in PoK have been declared as opponents of the country.
Jowai, Naitung 29 : The 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2nd Division Football League Cum Knockout Tournament-2022 was held today at Jowai Nangbah Stadium.
Followed by West Khasi Hills in 54th position, East Garo Hills in 53rd position, Ri Bhoi in 51st position, East Khasi Hills in 50th position and North Garo Hills in 50th position. in 49th place.
Meanwhile, Bah Donbok Khymdeit, said that in the future, many other leaders from other constituencies in Ri Bhoi, will join the UDP party. Nongpoh: Leading leaders of the National People's Party (NPP) in Nongpoh Constituency, along with hundreds of people, will be announced and welcomed. Nongbud, yesterday announced that they have resigned from the NPP, on the grounds that they do not like the way the ticket was announced by the NPP leaders, who forcibly gave it to Macdalyne. S.Mawlong, to be the NPP candidate from Nongpoh Constituency, but without any discussion or consultation with the party office bearers in Nongpoh.
Up to 29 contingents including Police, NCC, Scouts & Guides, College students and school children took part in the March Pass. Snowfall Dhar.
Shillong: MLP Veteran and Umpling SC have scored three points after winning the PFR Veteran Cup sponsored by Pay For Right Shillong on Saturday. Malki field.
“There was a greeting to everyone at the beginning and at the end of the meeting, where there was no sudden appearance, as happened in Nailar,” said Bah Blah.
The athletes who were honored include the men's football team who won the bronze medal at the Khelo India Youth Games 2021-22 held at Panchkula, Haryana from 4th to 13th July , and the football team that won the same bronze medal at the Khelo India Youth Games 2022-23 to be held in Madhya Pradesh from 30th July to 11th June
"In America, when they take the oath of office as President, they swear by the Bible that they will serve the people fairly.
Speaking on Tuesday, the Syiem said that there are about 134 foreigners who have been refused to issue No Objection Certificate or NOC because they have not been able to provide the documents.
The project was allocated T.36.55 crore on 30th July 2017 and so far T.14.815 crore has been spent on the project.
Similarly, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, said that the development works to lose the land destroys the development works.
The increase to T.70 per kilo will help more and more consumers.
The meeting also decided to appoint volunteers in case anyone comes to cover the visit of the Prime Minister as it will be a disgrace to the entire area. Therefore, I would like to ask the groups who are unhappy to suffer only on that day as it is part of the celebration as a region that will receive such an unexpected benefit.
The Waheh Shnong of Nongsning, Bah Dipsing Bareh, said that the Dorbar Shnong has already lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills and others since They also urged the authorities not to issue a license to build this factory as it will damage the environment especially the air. He said that the residents were surprised to see the start of operation of this factory despite the strong opposition. It is understood that even the CTE for the construction of the factory has not been received until
The man is a stupid man, according to the report.
The incident occurred when the truck collided with the taxi.
The source said that the family members of the mother of the deceased are mentally retarded and used to play with fire while near the fire.
Broit Chyrmang alleged that the village leaders of Mynthning have forcibly evicted her and have not allowed her to cook in her own house.
He said that after they understood that they would not be able to get a majority to form a government, they accepted the NPP's proposal to join the government.
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 1,694 with 126 deaths in the past 24 hours. while the number of cases has risen to 2,9
One policeman was killed and another seriously injured when their motorcycle collided with a Mercedes (AS 01TC 279).
Jorobad Police are conducting investigation and have registered a case under sections 379/420/468/471 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). ).
The article begins by saying that the Garo are descended from the mother and shows that if the mother is Sangma and the father is Marak, all the children will be Sangma.
According to witnesses, the Bolero Pickup (ML14-6270) which was driving at high speed came from the wrong side of the road and collided with the vehicle. The autorickshaw number ML08D-6
KSU Modymmai Unit President Binos Syngkon, WJHDU Vice President Binos Syngkon, WJHDU Vice President Binos Syngkon, KSU Jowai Circle General Secretary Phraki Hawni Thubru, Finance Secretary Phrangki Papang Finance Secretary and others were present on the occasion.
“There is a lot of thought, for the benefit of the customers, in the development of the TVS Jupiter.
The State Government has informed that Bah GKÏangrai is currently in Judicial Custody and has been allowed to file two more complaints against him.
The SELD Committee would like to express its gratitude to the village of Laitmawsiang and also to the church for taking part in this programme.
In another match, Nongumlong beat Nongkseh 2-0
“As the Union, we have expected the State Government to take action as soon as the 1st of November, but the Government has not taken action yet.
When asked whether the priests or pastors had intervened as the owners when these employees were arrested, the KSU said that they had not intervened at all.
One of the most beautiful things about this film is the songs and dances that show the traditional religion and others.
Furthermore, this is a collaboration between the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council, political parties, civil society, NGOs and the Assam government. the decision of the meeting held at Diphu.
She said the state government has to follow the rules laid down by the central government to set up a medical college.
"Everything I've done, it's always been for this hat that's like my second skin," he said.
They were accompanied by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma as the chief guest and James Sangma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare as the Symbud Chief Guest.
Delhi: The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi today approved a special allocation of new schemes for farmers in the budget. Rs.3,70,128.7 crores.
Congress President Mallikarjun Kharge, DMK leader and Tamil Nadu Chief Minister MK Stalin expressed difficulties in attending the meeting. as fixed to be held on the 12th, July for unavoidable reasons.
However, manual labor or physical labor is not respected.
Everyone makes mistakesNo one is perfectLet's try to do better tomorrowMany mistakes in humanityThese shouldn't remain a sign of shunFra people to evilHaba wrong here and thereWe shouldn't change our mindsWe should forgive each otherWe shouldn't blame each otherWhen we find mistakesHelp our fellow human beings to show what is goodWe shouldn't be critical.
Members of the ANTF of Ri Bhoi District together with the Byrnihat PS on the 9th of this month seized 92.42 grams of heroin and arrested three persons. .
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said the Government has not yet received an estimate of the damage to roads and bridges in the State.
This bridge connects many villages from Mynksa, Khlookynrin, Byrwai and others.
Jowai, November 10: Andrew Awhai Shullai, MDC of Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has joined the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) party. The TMC Block Committee of the 2nd Jowai Constituency on Tuesday held a public meeting at Jrisaleiñ Square Jowai in which more than 6 thousand people (including seats) attended the meeting. this meeting.
The Village Leaders under the leadership of Waheh Shnong Yoshida Nongspung and Chairman Shnong Womless Lyngshiang during their inspection found a hill which has been dug and dug to improve the road.
This coloring went quickly.
I don't want to blame anyone for what they have done when we run away and don't win.
As it is now, the drug has many side effects.
If the Voice of the People Party really works hard in this election, it will probably be another severe upheaval in the state especially in the constituencies of Rilum Khasi and Jaintia.
Samuel Lalmuanpuia scored the first goal for Lajong in the 91st minute to make it 2-3
The government should refrain from making children children as it will not bring good for them.
The purpose of this program is to raise awareness among the school children and the community that they should not allow drugs to spread but should stand together against the use or trafficking of drugs.
Rohit Shah caught the first wicket of Akash K Choudhury for 55 runs in the Ranji Trophy. day.
At the same time, she said that coal mining factories have appeared like tits in the state and the transportation of illegally mined coal has increased and become obvious because everyone has seen. .
He has been selected to represent the country at the 43rd World Arm Wrestling Championship in Antalya, Turkey from 14th to 23rd April.
“This incident is sad and shameful in front of the people because the people have seen the drama in this KHADC, because they say that there is an order from where does it come? I don't know but it's just to beat the UDP”.
Kangana, 31, said that Vikas used to hold the trait tightly and hold it on her body and used to smile and breathe for a long time when he holds her head. in the hair of the actress.
Marak, who is the Minister of PHE, was also one of the members of the delegation led by NPP MP from Tura Agatha K Sangma and Speaker Thomas A Sangma who met with the officials of the department. to discuss the inclusion of the Garo language in the same Khyrnit.
Marak, who is the Minister of PHE, was also one of the members of the delegation led by NPP MP from Tura Agatha K Sangma and Speaker Thomas A Sangma who met with the officials of the department. to discuss the inclusion of the Garo language in the same Khyrnit.
