Those involved in this act shall be punished with death or imprisonment for life and shall also be fined.
Additional District Judge Ahsanullah Khan on November 12 found Gond guilty of rape, POCSO said. From that day on, the police took the MLA to jail.
“I would like to confirm here that Shillong East Constituency is the constituency where the NPP is 100 percent confident of winning in 2023,” said Prestone Tynsong, National Vice President of the NPP and Symbud Chief Minister. at the welcoming ceremony for Bah Malcom Tariang and a group of those who came to join the NPP on Friday.
Nongstoiñ: A woman identified as Tulsi Chetri, 53, resident of Mawlarshong village, New Nongstoiñ, has been robbed of 7 tolas of gold, 1.5 tolas of silver and T.17,0 660 from the inn.
He said the prime minister had informed them that he had already met with Defense Minister Amit Shah and urged him to call for talks as soon as possible.
Chairman of the High Power Committee of GHADC, RK Sangma, said that the Council has already held many meetings with various groups including the Nokma and also the elders of the area to discuss the issue. this part.
Furthermore, the book also states that the Khasi are the residents of Assam.
There are also those who have dropped out but have continued their studies until they pass SSLC from this school.
Shillong: The Khanduli-Umshangiar area has faced many problems especially on the border with Assam.
In the men's 1500m, 26-year-old Saroj finished in 3:41.51 seconds.
He also urged the parents to teach their children to respect the elderly for the betterment of the society.
U Bah Renik in his speech also praised the youth for their ability to be brave enough to showcase their talents without hesitation, but they have become the encouragement for others to be courageous and strong on the basis that they have through the talents that God has given them.
When asked whether he will be the leading campaigner or star campaigner of the Congress party in 2018, Pala said, “The Election Commission allows only 40 star campaigners and out of these 40 MPs. I'm not a Star Campaigner,” said Vincent.
This is the fourth film festival where a total of 94 films from 7 countries and 35 cities will be screened.
The Seng has reminded that the deterioration of the road during the rainy season is excessive and it needs to be repaired without any delay, said a letter from Dolly Khonglah, Secretary MIECC, Bah Kmen Myrchiang. , Vice President MIECC and Bah Chanmiki Lamin, Publicity Secretary MIECC. dep good the road.
Prof. RC Laloo said that Bah Hoping is a man who stands firm on his position and never hesitates to compromise his position, giving examples such as the border issue, the mining uranium which he used to talk about from time to time during his lifetime.
On the 17th of July, he informed that the 24th Ichamati Polling Station will be held from 9 am to 12 noon and the 11th New Majai Bholaganj Polling Station from 1 pm. morning until 4 pm.
There are many things that have happened through the actions of the Jaitbynriew such as the acceptance of the Khet longsyiem by only a few Kurs and Jaits.
Finally, I would like to clarify that the leaders and followers of the Seng Khasi have no hatred or opposition to anyone but we stand firmly on the principles of protecting, promoting and preserving the traditional religion of the Khasi.
Nicodemus knew that Jesus was a Teacher and also believed that Jesus came from God.
Speaking on the occasion, Madhav Singh expressed his gratitude to the Ministry of Education from the state and the country as a whole. The award is a great encouragement to him as a teacher to continue to provide adequate services to the children in order to develop the youth in the field of education according to the technology. now.
“Of course, the MHA is still considering this issue and it has been discussed even in Parliament.
The affected shops include A.Kharsyntiew, Miallida Wanniang, SB Nongsiej and other neighboring shops. wheat, dai, sugar and others.
There were 10 recipients of this award.
It is to be recalled that Bah Moris Marngar was buried alive by his brothers on 7th March 2020 on charges of involvement in the rape of one of his brothers who had been suffering for three months.
“We have set a target to complete the JJM project as set by the government in November.
“In practice, there may be here and there, it is better not to just stir up and dissolve the EC every day, but it needs a clear discussion and understanding between the political parties in the group. .
The delegation was led by Bah OB Ranee, Director of RBYF, in the presence of Bah CGR Syngkli, Former President of RBYF, Umsning Circle, Bah WS Nengnong, SA, PHE, Umsning Division. Nirmal Umbah, Member of RAWA & Facilitator of NBA Team was also present in the presence of Bah P Nongshli, Secretary Village, Bah Morning Umbah and Bah Lester Umbah, Rangbah Shnong. Mawtari and other elders, who came to listen to the teachings and preaching by the elders and parents of the village.
On the other hand, EJH SP Vivekanand Singh Rathore said that tomorrow there will be more markets in Sohkymphor and Lad Lakadong.
Besides the President, Samla S Lyngdoh was also confirmed as the General Secretary and 26 other members and office bearers of the BJP Youth Wing.
“I am pleased with the return of Bah Leston and as a member of the party I will obey the rules of the party,” said Bah Jrop. it is because of the strife in the house.
In East Khasi Hills, 106 cases including 9 cases from Armed Forces and 97 cases from civilians, 8 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 34 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in South West Garo Hills. There are 6 cases in West Garo Hills, 2 cases in West Khasi Hills and 1 case in East Garo Hills.
Margaret was buried today at the Laitumkhrah Catholic Cemetery.
After the death of his father (L) PA Sangma, who was also MP of Tura at the time, on 4th October 2016, Conrad contested the mid-term elections from Tura to the Lok Sabha in June. In 2016, he won with 1.92 lakh votes.
This is not the first time, but almost every year before the rainy season, the residents have to sit in darkness for days and months.
At the same time, he said that in his speech, the Governor did not mention the illegal immigration of foreigners, the safety of the people on the border, the improvement of higher education, the health department, MeECL electricity failure, delay in starting Medical College, lack of transparency in the working of government, failure of Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) water supply scheme, Asha and Awanwadi workers.
Rangdajied's Ieitlang Syiemlieh scored the first goal in the 45th minute, but Nangkiew's Flavius ​​Lalruatkima scored the second goal. to equalize the game in the 77th minute.
Why don't they consider the Minister from their party, Bah Rymbui who holds a large portfolio in the State? Why don't they ask him and the entire Department about the prevalence of crime, theft, robbery, murder and without the slightest remorse? In the past few months, the party has been ready to contest the GHADC election, to promise to bring good to the Garo people.
According to the CAG, the increase in GSDP shows that income has improved in the pre-pandemic period in 2018-19 and 2019-20, after the pandemic it has declined. in the year 2020-2
Mizoram scored 237/9 runs before the end of the innings and took the lead by 315 runs.
It is said that the letters of James and Second Peter were distributed and read publicly during these years.
In reply, the Minister said that there are some people who are trying to occupy government land and go to court, but we stand firm on the ground that these land belong to the government.
There have been 3,29,942 new cases of covid-19 in the country in the past 24 hours and 3,876 deaths.
The Common University Entrance Test (CUET) examination held on 15th June, 2024 at NEHU under the auspices of the National Testing Agency (NTA) has been a success. The CUET is an examination that allows students to enter the Central Universities or other universities across the country. .
The driver of the vehicle was later arrested for failure to produce proper documents and for attempting to conceal the facts.
Eson A.Khongrymmai, DMM, NRLM, South West Khasi Hills District, in his speech as the chief guest, said that the program was organized after the Longkmie together with the VDPs saw that many of the jobs They have begun to happen inside the village and to continue to suhthied by showing that they are not ready to stand together to fight.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, on Tuesday slammed the people who opposed the revocation of the trading licence of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The CEM of KHADC, together with his staff, yesterday, 20th June, visited the Ïewduh to collect the trading license from the foreigners who do not trade in the area under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
Hek's remarks came after Dr Mukul Sangma admitted that he had a meeting with Bah AL Hek before forming the government. Hek said the meeting with Dr Mukul Sangma was during the recently concluded dorbar mangtyngka. He said that regarding the formation of the government, it was the leaders from Delhi who took the decision together with the Chief Minister of Assam and not the BJP from the state.
On the other hand, Latiplang Kharkongor has filed a complaint in the Meghalaya High Court against the implementation of AR in the KHADC. Latiplang Kharkongor and the hearing will be held on 14th June
Leaders of these parties, including Alistair Darling, spoke on issues related to the single British currency, the existence of the oil field and others that did not seem to affect the unification. to England.
Security forces have been deployed around the area where the incident occurred while police are conducting a search operation to track down the GNLA members. from these parts of Garo Hills and to arrest them.
After his arrest, the police sent him to his residence and he took them to his residence in Langkyrding Mihngi.
The workshop was organized by the National Health Mission, Meghalaya in collaboration with UNDP Meghalaya.
Shillong: A woman who was blocked by a traffic accident on Saturday, Kong Daphiralin Jyrwa, said that she was stranded for three hours on the Shillong-Nongstoin-Tura road in Pamphyrnai area. After leaving this place, we had to stop again at Umlieh, due to the fish festival which has completely stopped the movement of the people.
“The cost of paying salaries to the 800 employees of the Council is about T.4 crore per month and about T.50 crore per annum,” said the CEM. He said that the EC will not interfere but will monitor the recommendations sent by the Council to the Government for early approval from the Governor.
If Rajendra Singh had accepted the proposal of the British East India Company, the Federation of Khasi States, which was founded in 1946 (under the presidency of Olim Singh Syiem Khyrim), would have become a federation. The second Khasi Hima to sign a treaty with the British East India Company was the Hima. The treaty of Khadsawphra (or Hima Nongkhlaw) took place in 1926 during the reign of Tirot Singh.
Shillong: The Shillong Markaz, today wrote to the Lumdiengjri Police Station, to inform that its members, have gone to take part in the Hazrat Nazimuddin Markaz, which was held in Delhi. before the Indian government curfew.
At this meeting, the FASToM leaders proposed that if the State Government cannot upgrade the Deficit System to the Adhoc Schools, it should increase the salary of T.18,000 which will be equal to the Lower Schools. Primary to Higher Secondary.
Shillong, October 9: The race for the Congress ticket from Shillong has been very intense and this has led to the Congress party in Delhi, that it could not decide on its candidate, in the first list, released on Saturday night.
Kochi, Jymmang 28: A Congress leader from Kerala has slammed Rahul Gandhi over the Congress party's defeat in the last general elections. Rahul said that Rahul is a joker and that he should be removed from his post or resign from the post of Vice President.
She was one of 1078 selected.
The Behdeiñkhlam ritual of the Raid Chyrmang is very important, because after completing this ritual, the villagers go to sow the seeds of phniang in their fields.
“He also expressed his regret that as a Minister of State who is at the Secretariat every day, he sees that there is a shortage of Khasi youth to become IAS or IFS officers. “We also want the Khasi youth to help the state government as IAS and IFS officers,” he added.
Speaking after the welcome ceremony, Winnerson expressed his gratitude to Dr Mukul Sangma and the MPTC leaders for their support from time to time.
Shillong: On the 17th March 2020, the Khatarshnong Area Sports Club, held a General Meeting at the Khrang Village Council Hall to elect and renew the office bearers of the Club.
During his tenure as MLA, he also spoke on the issues of the jaidbynriew in the Legislative Assembly.
It is unfortunate that this issue was not addressed during the demarcation process.
Shillong, June 26 : The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP), Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that other parties should not copy the party. it could even rise to 32 or 33 people.
They hope that the money will be distributed and they will win.
A complaint was lodged with the police.
The Committee of the Council in charge of the Monolith Festival visited the heritage village on Friday in the presence of officers from government departments, Hima Mawphlang and especially The Executive Members include Victor Ranee, Rangkynsai Kharbuki, Fantin J Lakadong, Carnes Sohshang and MDC Lamphrang Blah.
When asked whether the 11,189 votes he won will make him happy in the coming days, he said, “According to the target we have set, it has made us happy, but it has not made us happy in the coming days. I'm not coming" he said.
Shillong, Lber 01: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday approved a budget of Rs 46.27 crore for the three months from 1st June to 20th July
Other members are Dr JP Lyngdoh, Dr Balanstar Basaiawmoit, Dr AK Nongkynrih, Dr Alantry F Dkhar, Dr Kitboklang Nongphlang and Dr Don Syiem.
The meeting also elected the new office bearers for the term 2022 to 2025, in the presence of Bah Finely Pariat, General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) and others.
The leaders of the UDP Youth Wing East Jaintia Hills District, who were elected and confirmed on Saturday, include the President, Coming Tlang, four Vice Presidents, Graham Lyngdoh, Piarly Lyngdoh, U Lukas Shylla and Yoohimi Shylla, General Secretary, Heipor Uni Bang, Assistant Secretary, Greatfulson Siangshai, Treasurer, Karlud Dkhar, Chief Youth Organizer, B. Dkhar, Youth Working President, Zosiama Thianglai and Shanbor Lamare, Sport Secretary, Postling Dkhar, Education Secretary, Chelang Ryngkhlem, Media Cell, Karbarlang Pajuh, Chief Adviser, GR Bareh, all the MDCs were also elected as Advisors.
He expressed the hope that the people of Khasi Jaintia Hills will give their support for the candidate they will elect.
The celebration was attended by all the presidents and secretaries of all nine Self Help Groups (SHGs) in the presence of members and youth of Kyrphei.
However, the later chiefs moved the capital of the kingdom to Nartiang.
She said that it was because of her efforts and passing better than what she passed in 17th grade in class 12 that she worked hard and reached the second position.
Corporate tax rate reduced to 22% for existing companies and 15% for new manufacturing companiesThe government has introduced the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Ordinance make certain amendments to the Income-Tax Act 1961 and the Finance (No.2) Act
At present, there are 160 vehicles including 100 SPTS buses and 60 SSPS small vehicles. write or meet her, she said.
Leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Urkaliar who started the patrolling in the evening from 24th June until now with the assistance of the Nongmensong Police Out Post.
He also urged the public not to take any immediate action on this issue.
Jowai North MDC Brightstar Chyrmang, was the chief guest and released the lucky draw tickets and wished them success in the market and the success of the village.
In a statement, NPP Spokesperson Himalaya M Shangpliang said the party strongly condemns the actions of the VPP and its supporters to disrupt the party's election campaign and also to He said that the party has demanded immediate action by the Election Commission of India (ECI) against the VPP leaders for disrupting the election campaign. He said that this shows that the VPP has become increasingly weak due to the lack of support from the people.
The District Magistrate has also informed that MMV/HMV vehicles coming from East and West Jaintia Hills District will have to pass through Mawryngkneng through the Shillong Bye Pass.
The candidates approved by the UDP include Hat Pohchen from War Central Constituency, Lomris Lyngdoh from Muthlong-Sohkymphor Constituency and Damonmi Dkhar from Nartiang Constituency.
Speaking to media, Sanchet Sureka Joint Secretary of the Petroleum Dealers Association (PTA) said that the decision of the Assam Petroleum Mazdoor Union (PTMA) to temporarily suspend the supply of petrol is due to the protests in the state. The Association has started sending back about 40 trucks carrying fuel to Meghalaya with police patrol.
Skhemlang Subba, one of the athletes from Meghalaya, has been selected for the 3rd Under-23 Open National Championship 800mts to be held in Chandigarh from the 20th to the 24th of this month.
The Syiem of the Khyrim Hima, together with the chiefs of the Hima, held a pomblang, part of the thanksgiving to “Lei Shyllong, the god of Mount Shillong and to the Thymmei tribes of They ruled over the kingdom from the beginning.
In the three constituencies in West Khasi Hills, Nongstoin Assembly Constituency and Mawshynrut have no sitting MLAs from the NPP and the Congress has no sitting MDCs. It is also learned that the MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam will also join the NPP and it has been confirmed that he will get the ticket to contest again as MLA, while the Congress from these two constituencies has not yet announced. Faithful.
The arrested include a 2-year-old child and a woman.
According to the Ministry of Home Affairs, in 2020, the BSF seized a large quantity of heroin from the India-Pakistan border in Gujarat.
The State Government has been able to fill the vacancy through the implementation of programs and improvement of objectives, such as 'From Idea to Execution,' for the development of higher education institutions.
Bah Khyriem said that the members of the Congress party will work hard to win the party's candidate from this constituency.
The FASTOM leaders from the area have requested the government to look into their problems and urged the Education Minister who is the MLA of the area to look into their problems. Teachers throughout the state.
Shillong: U Rev Dr Iarington Kharkongngor, author of the Bible, has passed away today.
He said that the day was chosen to celebrate the festival as part of the celebration of Christmas.
This God is known through the Genealogy, through His Relationship with the People.
Nongpoh: Two armed persons have robbed a petrol pump at 14mer Byrnihat at 5:30 pm this evening. Up to T.2.5 lakh was stolen from the pump.
“After the party has been established, the party needs me to contest. I have to work hard to spread the work of the party,” she said.
PMGKAY (AAY) will be distributed at 5 kilos per head and PMGKAY (PHH) will be distributed at 5 kilos per head.
Abhilash Baranwal IAS, Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills District in the presence of members of the Association and Rangbah Shnongs of different villages of East Jaintia Hills District. District.
The Meghalaya State Watershed and Wasteland Development Agency (MSWAD) on November 6, 2013, held a Self Help Groups (SHGs) Fair under the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojana (PMKSY) Watershed. Development Component (WDC) 2.0 ha  State Central Library, Shillong.
Inside Jarain, there are zero or no followers.
“Although I want to continue and serve the party, I understand that as long as there is a bias among the leaders under the leadership of the State President, it will make it difficult for the party workers to work from the party. for the development of the party,” he said.
Alexander Zverev (GER) 2275 (-2)17.
Today was the fourth time in a month that Kejriwal was attacked by an auto driver in West Delhi while campaigning for AAP candidate Rakhi Birla.
Salan Paswet and Teddy Laloo beat Wanmi Dkhar and Carmelo Laloo 21-19, 21-1
Bindo has contested as an independent candidate in the last election after the UDP has given the ticket to Bah Lambor Malngiang as the party's candidate from Nongkrem.
Sibsingh Memorial High School Rongjeng beat East Garo Hills 3-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
In our State, there has never been any complaint against any religious minority,” said Robertjune.
The opening ceremony was attended by NPP Shillong City President Mayborn Rapthap, members of Mawlai Social Service Organisations, members of NPP Central Body to Units, President of NPP Youth Wing Mawlai. Circle Joe Marbaniang, Secretary Barthol Sohlang and the people.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 15: To get a fair trial on the sudden death of Walinda Binong, Mody University, Rajasthan, allegedly by the authorities of Mody University, Rajasthan, The family members of the family cannot accept the allegation and want the authorities to expedite the investigation so that the facts can be revealed and also to get a fair trial for their daughter. , which they lost unexpectedly.
“If he wanted to be caught, they should have made sure to make sure he wasn’t killed.
“According to my understanding, I don't see any rule that the Governor can act without the knowledge of the government and also in the central government, the president cannot do without the advice of the central government,” said Martle.
Shillong, November 27: The United Democratic Party (UDP) wants to rule alone in the KHADC with the support of its own MDCs but has said it does not want to join the same Executive Committee with the Congress.
Even after his temporary absence from the industry, many still remember him and the films he acted in and welcomed him back to Bollywood.
“If we try to introduce a law to review or improve the Reservation Policy as a whole, it can involve the Judiciary whether it is the State Court or the Supreme Court. country and this will be an even worse loss," he said.
““We have been fighting against the Rafale scam from France since
The SCC has also informed that Bah Neil will appear in this video which is his last participation.
Due to the current situation, the ceremony will be held only among a few invitees in accordance with the Covid 19 guidelines of the state government.
Earlier, the Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong, Bah Tobias Tiewdop, who was suspended for misconduct, had appealed to the High Court of Meghalaya against the suspension decision of the Wahadadar. Shella Confederacy (consisting of 9 villages including Shella).
I've been answering 86 questions for 2 days now.
The eight MLAs are Prestone Tynsong MLA of Pynursla, Ngaitlang Dhar MLA of Umroi, Rowell Lyngdoh MLA of Mawkyrwat, Sniawbhalang Dhar MLA of Nartiang and Comingone. Two MLAs from Raliang constituency are Stephan Mukhim and Hopeful Bamon while one is UDP MLA from Mawkynrew.
In the category of boys under 14 years, HK Singh Secondary School (West Jaintia Hills) won the first prize.
Shillong, July 3: The KSU Kynsimphlang Unit has strongly opposed the government for not addressing the problems of the people, in which it has been almost 7 months since the transfer of Doctor MBBs from Rangthong PHC. There is no doctor in this PHC. This has caused problems to the people not only in Rangthong but has affected other parts of the village and the area as a whole especially the people are not poor.
The emergence of the armed group came at a time when the Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and his government were taking measures to bring peace and stability in the country. the Bodoland Territorial Region (BTR) through the signing of the third (3rd) Social BTR Accord.
Shillong: U MLA of Umroi constituency, Bah George B Lyngdoh, on Tuesday appealed to all political parties, private individuals or leaders who have the intention to visit and encourage their fellow citizens. In the border areas, it is better for them to meet or inform the district authorities first so that they can understand the situation in these border areas where there is a dispute.
The protest was held at the office of the District School Education Officer, Jowai on Friday.
The FKJGP, KSU, HNYF, RBYF and JSU today launched a protest in which a petrol bomb was detonated on a truck carrying CRPF police near the Civil Hospital.
Medical institutes like NEIGRIHMS Hospital, have not been able to do so because even the Director of the hospital has not understood or known but he is still explaining wrongly in front of the doctors of the government of Meghalaya.
Kishan Lyngdoh scored 157 runs off 78 balls, Yutang Kma 37 runs and Marshall Pariat 21 runs.
Sangma said such announcements by the state government are one of the secrets that could affect the future and especially our state.
He said that many unions have faced difficulties as well as threats from the management, but through the physical and spiritual assistance of Thma u Rangli u Juki or TUR, we have been able to achieve our goal.
Four people have died of COVID-19, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to 1522, while 362 new cases were reported on Sunday.
He reportedly wrote a letter to the girl and signed it as “From your Valentine” and these are the words that are still used today when sending letters or gifts on Valentine's Day.
I believe that the employer was killed somewhere.
If the KHADC continues to delay in removing Bah Bashemphang Thabah from the post of Lyngdoh of the Hima Sohiong, the JAC and the children of the Hima Sohiong will have to turn to the KHADC once again in any meeting. KHADC should take responsibility for the delay,” said Bah Shabong in an interview with the media after the meeting with the Deputy CEM. The Inquiry Officer has already sent the Inquiry Report to the Executive Committee on the investigation against Bah Bashemphang Thabah at the request of the JAC. Report so that the JAC can get information to investigate.
On receiving information that the office has burnt down, the fire brigade rushed to the scene but due to the late arrival of the office, they could not extinguish the fire. don't lose this office which is empty.
What is the judiciary? They don’t make laws, they don’t come up with policies.
Khasi tyngshop Kupar Shadap and Mary Joan Nongrum have also taken part in the song.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that we have worked together for the benefit of others and to celebrate childhood, when we look forward to the days of the youth, the elderly, but the golden season in life is childhood.
The patient was treated at the Anesthesia Unit at NEIGRIMS where up to 7 liters of saline was used to cleanse one blood vessel.
He said that he doesn't have time to insult anyone and promise things that can't happen but he will speak out on the grounds and issues.
It is not a question or a proverb that the race of the father leads to the blood of the mother.
In Mawphlang Block alone, up to 22,000 varieties of trees including kseh and climate-resistant trees have been planted.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has vowed to fight at all costs to cancel the environmental clearance received by Star Cement to mine coal from Brishyrnot.
In 24 hours, 323 photographs were removed from government properties, 599 from public properties and 253 photos from private properties were removed in 72 hours.
He said that according to Iangrai's statements to the media, he had not been involved in any crime.
This is God's wisdom found at Proverbs 23:1
After the meeting, the members of the committee will visit the Horticulture Hub at Dewlieh and Umsning Tea Center in Ri-Bhoi district.
in, where they can send their feelings or suggestions,” said Dr Mukul.
This was announced by the Chairman of the North East Students Organization (NESO), Bah Samuel B Jyrwa, after the Supreme Court heard the case on 19th October.
Speaking to reporters after being sworn in as Minister of State, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare, MLA Mawhati Constituency, said, “Other parties cannot say “I don't know if there is any agreement on the appointment of ministers, but on the NPP party since the beginning of the formation of the MDA Government, there has been no agreement on the appointment of ministers”.
Furthermore, it was said that Ma ieid Hoping is a man who doesn't have time to get married and who doesn't have time to go to every household to collect votes during the election; However, he goes to the people only when the people need him, even though he has been an MLA and MDC for many years and has been an MP and has held ministerial posts. He has been in various governments, but he has never taken advantage of his position in power. Even though Ma ieid came from a poor family in the countryside, he has risen to the top. to sacrifice one's life only to preserve the Khsai custom.
The Silver Jubilee celebration was inaugurated by the EM in charge of Trade and Industry of KHADC, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor.
The All Meghalaya Dancer's Association (ADA) requests the leaders and the people of Ri Bhoi District to donate and pray for this young woman to reach the goal of winning the title of Miss National Pageant India
In this regard, the investigating officer concluded his statement by saying that the two JEs have acted wrongly and should be punished for violating Rule 3A (i), (2 ) and (3) the Meghalaya Services Rule
The recruitment rate is one of the causes of concern among the youth, leaders among the Khasi and Garo because it has increased significantly compared to the population.
He said – the beast which thou sawest was, and is no more; and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, and shall go away into destruction: and they that dwell upon the earth shall hear it. and they saw the beast, as it was, and is not, and shall be.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The KAM Meghalaya led by Angela Ryngngad and Pastor Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh on Tuesday announced another candidate for the upcoming elections. She is a resident of Malki Khel Shnong to contest the MLA election from East Shillong Constituency.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare, Minister of Transport, in the presence of Bah Damanbait Lamare, NPP candidate from Umroi, Bah Ngaitlang Dhar, former MLA from Umroi, Bah Pynhun Rynghang General Secretary of the NPYF. NPYF Umroi Block President Rishan Lyngdoh and other dignitaries.
Shillong, July: The second Statutory Conference of the Meghalaya Retired College Teachers Association (MRCTA) was held on the 11th of this month at the Women's College, Shillong. Dr. Ratnadeep Roy, Principal of Women's College also delivered a welcome speech at the meeting. Many retired teachers between the ages of 60 to 90 years. .
However, not only in these years, but also in 2019, the central bank has withdrawn these notes, worth T.14,400 crore.
“We have seen clearly that in many parts of the city and suburbs there are military bases like Assam Riffles, Air Forces, BSF, CRPF, Gorkha TC and others.
“The VAB will be requested from the Governor so that the KHADC can do whatever is necessary to bring about change,” he said.
The book was launched by Rev. BR Pamshong, in the presence of Rev. MS Shadap, Rev. CS Klein, Rev. B. Khymdeit, Rev. P. Nongshli and relatives of Tbn. .T Forest.
At this meeting, the AMKA leaders also handed over a petition to Bah Prestone expressing their desire to get 8 colored roads in the areas of Karbi village in around the state.
The BJP in Karnataka has used a song from the RRR film Naatu Naatu to encourage the people to vote for the party. .
Payeng, a Mishing from Jorhat district of Assam, made the call at a special meeting on the issue at IIM, Shillong.
Panah, too, because he didn't know, went straight there.
KSU Riwiang was accompanied by several members of KSU West Khasi Hills District to put forward their demands from the company as promised on 28th June
“I assure you that we will take the best decision so that no one will be affected," he said.
On the other hand, Daniel P Gatphoh from Jowai, who is self-trained as a painter, explained about his journey and how he became a skilled painter.
Khliehriat, July 19 : Police of the ANTF Khliehriat and Lad Rymbai Police Station today received a tip that two persons were on their way to enter the state in a Tata vehicle. Winger NL 07T 0815, police conducted a raid near Khliehriat in Umtyra near the Petrol Pump BMS Fuel Station Nongsning. Guite, 32, and Imliakum Longkumer,
Children who walk with their parents every day become the carriers of the family, see the shortcomings and fill the gaps.
Shillong: Shillong: Yesterday at 12 noon, the people of Raid Sadew including women and elders protested against the BJP's decision to remove the BJP from the MDA government. They turned to the Hima Mylliem to protest against the claim of some people to the Raid Sadew as the Raid Sadew-Laitjem.
According to a Congress leader, who spoke directly to Wasnik, the meeting, which was attended by the AICC's Meghalaya chief, CP Joshi, was very interesting because they listened and The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Dr RC Laloo, who spoke to reporters after leaving the meeting with these officials, said: The AICC said the talks were like an interview.
In the first half and second half, the Meghalaya players played well from the start to the end. The players who played better were Teibok Nongrum, player Colinsalmon Lyngdoh, chess player, Samlang Rympei and Samshaphrang Lato, midfielders.
The Reservation Policy 1972 is a demand of the people from you Nongthawaiñ to speak with understanding, in front of the wise legislators, there is no loss, if you have God will explain to you .
So now it has started and in the first phase we will have a campus or office of the State University in Shillong as well,” he said.
The incident involved political parties and the raid was also conducted on Congress politicians, government officials, rich people and citizens in the state. close assistants to the Chief Minister of Chhattisgarh Bhupesh Baghel.
Lurshai Wankhar scored in the 34th minute and Charming Nongdhar in the 72nd minute.
Some of those present at that time were happy to congratulate and welcome Bah Ardent, as it was their first victory.
He said that to the east in the Tyrsung River there were about 40 khuti, but most of the khuti of the Nepalis at that time were in the area of ​​Patharkhnang, Proin, Tynhiang, Porla and other places.
“Meghalaya will compete with Assam in this regard.
In the boys' category, Umling Block beat Umsning Block 3-0
Hep walked alone along the road, thinking that the time would come when he would stay with Lydia.
Speaking after the confirmation of the full office bearers of Jirang Block, Dr Mukul Sangma expressed his satisfaction to see that the people have confidence in the TMC party which has not shown any signs of evil in the state. It is also a party that has a desire to bring about change and work for the people.
“Know this, that in the last days grievous times shall come” (2 Timothy 3:1).
He was tested positive for COVID-19 on 4th November
He was really impressed to think that Swamiji had given a lecture from this very place in 1901.
Therefore, as citizens responsible for the rights and truth, they have removed the locks which have been closed for many years and opened for the use of the people who come to need them. There are many Government offices in the State.
The Deputy Commissioner & District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills, SC Sadhu, IAS, has issued an order to close down all illegal revenue collection gates in the district. need.
The Secretary of the Forum, Bah Banlam Lyngdoh in a statement sent to the media, expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the Chief Minister of the State, Conrad Kongkal Sangma. , 2023 he promised that the East Khasi Hills District will soon be divided and the new district will be the Sohra area. Sohra.
Explaining about the ceremony, the Paiem said that on the 1st of November there will be a Shad Shynrang at Lum Pomblang Iewduh and on the 2nd of November there will be a participation of all the Khasi children of Bri. The Hynniewtrep people are from Pomblang.
Chandigarh: Farmers in Punjab, who have been protesting against the Agriculture Act for more than a month; They have destroyed 1,500 mobile phone towers in the state and this has severely affected the use of mobile phones in some parts of the state, the report said.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) CEC, Shillong, today met with the Director General of Police, Dr. LR Bishnoi, IPS, and urged that the any acts of intimidation and harassment to the residents of the state while the border demarcation is in progress.
Therefore, the union urges the government through the Meghalaya Mineral Development Corporation Limited (MMDCL) to stop the supply of petrol to the private sector and instead of building petrol pumps, The private sector should not build buildings that will benefit the people of the state whether it is to improve education or other benefits to the people of the state especially the buildings that will help the people in times of illness. I'm going to Assam for treatment, he added.
Modi stressed the need to look into the four 'Amrit Stambh of Viksit Bharat' or the rishot of developed India which are the power of women or Nari Shakti, the food producers of India, the youth of the country and the middle and low income people of India.
In terms of literacy, the growth of schools providing education to our children has reached 1.86 lakh children between the ages of 6 and 11 years.
Other reasons are that not only large factories such as dewbilat and copper factories have emerged, but many other car manufacturing factories, timber factories and others have also emerged.
If the JAC finds anyone who is overloaded, it will take action to arrest the illegal coal/Mawshun trucks and hand them over to the authorities. A Russian man, a very rich man, has suddenly left his Russian wife and married a Kenyan woman. Your name is Wanjiru.
Taking part in the special session of the House, u Bah Sunn said, “In order to protect the villagers from the threat of foreigners, the people of Mawphlang and The people of the state feel the need to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) or the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation
The inspection and registration of the children will end on the 26th, 27th, 28th and 29th of this month at the Indoor Basketball Stadium, St Anthony's HSS, Laitumkhrah.
Shillong, July 3: The cold weather in Shillong today at 10 am has forced passengers to take shelter to avoid injuries from the cold weather. about an hour or so.
The DC said that the khaw will be released this month.
There was a great hatred for Israel as a nation from the very beginning.
This is where I mean that corruption really only benefits oneself.
Miss Andromeda Myrthong, Principal, Shillong and Headmistress Grace Academy School, Mawlai Mawkynroh-Umshing, who was the chief guest, acknowledged the importance of education and urged that to put the victory before us, and that we must work hard with the wisdom given by God that we may reap the fruit of victory.
Tathagata Roy, Governor of Meghalaya and Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister, took part in the programme. the State.
When asked, the Syiem said the executive committee (EC) has requested the secretary of the relevant authority to provide the names of the revenue collection gates under the jurisdiction of the district council.
Ma Thombor said that the issue of border tax has been discussed many times within the Executive Committee due to the allegation that JHADC has not done anything on the border issue.
All the peoples here in the world have their own Khana Pateng, Puriskam and others to survive and this is the same for the Khasi people who live here in the mountains. filled with valleys, mountains, holy rivers and so on.
Apandanka took third wicket with 34 wickets while Gaurav came sixth with
“It is a great honor that the Hon'ble President of India Droupadi Murmu has taken the time to open the Meghalaya Games.
“Now it has started to slow down, because we used to listen, now don't listen anymore, in the shops, in the streets,” said Prestone.
The railway line should not benefit the people of the state, but it is an external purpose that will benefit and benefit only one or two people.
These equipment was handed over to the pastors of St. Theresa's Church Jowai on 31st June where the PPE equipment was handed over to Fr. Hilarius Lamare, Parish Priest Jowai.
The arrest of the KSU members is a cover-up of the opposition of the DC South West Khasi Hills District and the government authorities.
Speaking on the occasion, Nongpoh MLA, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, expressed his pleasure to be able to be with the Raid Leaders, Shnong Leaders and the people. As an MLA, he has the responsibility to develop the community and the area within the Constituency.
The Army today announced that the road from Anjalee Complex to Butcher Road, Pine Walk Area to Butcher Road near Bawri Netralaya has been closed. Go to the Pine Walk Area.
Dipshon L Nongbri and Assistant General Secretary Samran Syiem have been elected as the new General Secretaries, while Prosper Warjri has been elected as the Treasurer of the SSA. also as Council Members.
) Sela N.Khathing, Prof. N.B.Rai, Prof. (Smt.
SGH lost five wickets for 36 runs but Salchang Sangma (56 not out) and Sunbirth (26 not out) scored 72 runs. you won.
Thank you very much Monlang for your responsibility for the lives and livelihoods of the people.
According to research, it is a soft and easy to eat food and is rich in Vitamin C which is one of the best antioxidants to treat the internal organs and contains potassium and Vitamin B6 can reduce any inflammation in the body.
They also had authority to stop the rain during the days when they prophesied against Israel.
“According to this Act, the District Council shall strictly prohibit the free trade in the State.
He said the allegation of misuse of the MLA scheme is just a political act as it was done to him in 2013, before the elections to mislead the people.
The price of Jowai and Thadlaskeiñ depots will be Rs.70.00 and the price of Shangpung will be Rs.76.00 per litre.
In Ri-Bhoi District, 178 cases have been reported from High Risk Contact 28, Iew Mawlong Cluster 11, ILI Case 22, Jyntru Cluster 4, Mawlasnai Cluster 10, Mawrong Cluster 7, MIDC Cluster 4, Umbir Cluster 5, Umiam Cluster 4, Umjarasi Cluster 9, Umkynsier Cluster 7, Umniuh Cluster 20, Umsaw Cluster 7, Umsohlang Cluster
This year's poultry flu is the worst outbreak in South Africa.
If it turns out that Meghalaya has gone ahead to build a medical college, the State will lose its share from the Central Pool.
Decisions were also taken to urge the MPs from the North East to take the issue of repeal of the AFSPA to the Legislative Assembly.
This work has been going on for a long time and he has been able to do it to this day.
“I am God, and there is no other.
Therefore, the State Electricity Department appeals to the public and the public has already been informed for the cooperation to drive vehicles and follow the guidelines. II along with orderly monitoring and not to worry about getting strength from the body.
Alfredy Sohtun said that they left the forest in the morning and returned to the village where the Sordar of Syntung village arrested them and shot and beat them once again and asked them where they were staying. It was reported that the people of the village came back and brought a stick and tried to tie it to the post, but fortunately at that time the police came quickly and arrested them. get him released.
The Minister said the government is trying to find roads to connect to the main roads whether it is the Shillong Bypass or the Shillong Jowai National Highway – we will try to connect to the roads in Shillong and NST. He said that for this purpose, the government will seek the assistance of the central government.
There are elders who come to look for children when the children are grown up. When he is old enough, he walks around and walks around and understands that he will grow old, because those who used to play with him don't want to see that. he is weak and sickly.
The people living in Region C should speak English and the proposal to implement Hindi would be against the Official Languages ​​Act, 1963, she said.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The Chairperson of the State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR) M Kharkongor on Tuesday strongly condemned the assault and rape of children by teachers in Andhra Pradesh and Kolkata. these are the children of the past day.
It is learned that Bah Shylla has become even more angry after Bah Pynshngaiñ's statement in the media against him that the MDC should have said in the House but Bah Shylla has turned into a you wrote an article in the newspaper.
Shillong, July 30: Ka Agnes Kharshiing of Lumdiengjri Police Station has lodged a complaint with the Lumdiengjri Police Station against Ttining Mylliem. She also complained that according to her findings, the Rangbah Shnong and the ration distributor of the village used to distribute ration from time to time. resell at a low price to the public.
A similar incident occurred in Pune when voters found that the budam they were burning was only for the Congress candidate.
Many of the items we use today are plastic, even the rice, sugar, medicines are more plastic.
When asked about the measures he will take as an MLA on the issue of the people of the area regarding the ban on coal mining, Pius said, “I will take action and “It's not just the villagers or the people of Ranikor but the coal benefits all the people of Meghalaya,” said Bah Pius. He added that regarding the uranium issue, Pius said he did not want to say anything on the issue because it did not depend on his decision as an MLA, but it was the decision of the MLA. decision of the people and he as an MLA will stand with the people.
He also encouraged them to have a goal in life by fighting without hesitation until they win and at the same time to be successful in their work.
Bindo reminded that at such a time, when the Congress and others have been in turmoil, if the UDP cannot reach its goal, we have to say bye bye UDP. , however, as the leader of the party, u Bah Bindo did not discourage, but urged the youth to take this issue as a goal of struggle to resolve these issues and if not resolved at all, you can't go anywhere.
During the three days of the 6th State Conference, various programs were held including a Procession to explain about the ABVP party and also cultural programs and others to attract the attention of the ABVP members. from different Districts of the State.
Not only that, to prove further that Ramesh Dkhar and his relatives are not blood relatives and relatives of the Kur Dkhar, the brother of Ramesh Dkhar, has married They have five children from Nongsning, East Jaintia Hills, a very difficult job if they are Kur Dkhars.
He promised that his department will do whatever it can to assist the Sieng Riti Institute Wahkhen.
Shillong, June 16: U MLA of South Shillong Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, on Saturday honored more than 151 people who have donated land free of charge for the construction of PWD roads across the area. Greater Lumparing.
Shillong: The rainfall in the past 24 hours in different parts of the state, according to the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) of the Government of India, on its website, you're on twitter.
As you can see, out of the 12 border areas, they are the ones that have been bordered by Assam.
Shillong, Lber 06 : The State Government has decided to set up a committee to review the Indian Registration Act to ensure that banks and other institutions recognize and accept land titles issued by There are three district councils in the state.
After 3 1/2 years and 30 days, this ruler who is the devil and Satan will be arrested and imprisoned.
In Shillong or Shyllong, there have been villages of refugees such as Garikhana, Barak Valley, Cleve Colony, Risa Colony, Lachumere, Bishnupur and others which cannot be named here.
On the other hand, Punjab are well prepared for tomorrow's match.
Through the story of Ruth, the Bible has killed the minds of Jewish citizens who do not want and want to cleanse the Jewish blood.
The committee, set up by NGT, has found that there are 65,81,147 metric tonnes of coal remaining in the mines, while the owners of the mines claim that there is coal. 1,36,37,707 metric tonnes, as of 30th July
In addition, Sharma, in a letter to the High Court, gave the names and phone numbers of all the people whom he alleged were the kingpins or officials involved in the be- illegal coal mining and mining in Meghalaya.
The forest in Thadmynri which the JHADC has received from Namdong A has turned into a synsar cultivation area and this area has now started to be attacked by the people of Thadmynri village who cut down trees and trees. the enemy of the forest.
During the investigation, the driver and the passenger failed to produce any islands on the transportation of the sugar.
Therefore, what is needed now is to encourage and strengthen the youth to become the leaders of the village and the nation as a whole and he hoped that he and the MDC will be with them in whatever they do. which parts.
According to the new admission system, any students who have studied in Class-XII in the year 2021-22 who wish to continue their studies in colleges at the level of BA/BSc /B.Com and others this year, must register before 6th, June, 2022 otherwise they will lose their studies this year, regardless of whether they pass or fail. The Class-XII Examination will be conducted by the MBOSE, Tura and will be announced in July.
the rulers of the house of the people.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 27: The Tynghor Secondary School was inaugurated on 3rd July 2014 and is one of the centers to shape the education for the children of the people of 19 villages. in this area.
JOWAI: Kiang Nangbah Government College has celebrated World Environment Day with a planting ceremony at the ground floor of the college and B.Ed College in Mynthong where classes XI & XII started on Friday.
Now, to pass CUET, you have to throw a pen to pass and to pass, you have to build a state university.
Naushad Moosa is the assistant manager of Bengaluru FC and has received his AFC Pro licence.
“We have spoken by telephone with the President of AMPU and we have promised to provide protection and we have also received that the Director of Food, Civil Supplies Pravin Bakshi has directed the Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police to District to protect the petrol trucks coming from Assam,” said Bah Dkhar.
On Monday, 108 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, 3 people died, bringing the death toll to 1395 in the state.
On the other hand, HITO, in the presence of the police and the village authorities, have cleaned up the area which is covered with garbage and plastic as well as liquor bottles and warned that the people should not The village authorities and the police will take strict measures against those who drink alcohol from 6 pm onwards. act resistant in the area in order to curb any criminal activities in the area.
Dr A.War, Director of Health Services, said that the screening and testing of those who have just arrived by train and bus along with the person who has just received the virus. The Covid-19 pandemic is still spreading.
The amount of money they will receive will be more than the amount they received during the 2018 elections.
“I have brought this to the attention of the Minister of Education so that he can send an inquiry into this,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Unlike the United Kingdom, where the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly resigns from the membership of the political party the moment they are elected as the Speaker.
The Chief Secretary of the State, MS Rao in an order issued, said that the order issued in July 2020 (Order No.POL.85/2020/Pt I/112 dated 6th July, 2020) has been cancelled. ) after consultation with religious leaders and others, the following SOPs were announced: Religious places/churches are places where many people go for spiritual refreshment.
However, Conrad said that no decision can be taken yet because it is only an agreement and there is no marriage ceremony or because the result has not been announced.
“It would not be appropriate for the government to take any decision to temporarily suspend the police chiefs without conducting a full investigation to find out who was involved in the incident. or such a thing is not easy for us".
After a few days, they caught the child again.
Meanwhile, Bah Disparsing said that his visit does not mean to create trouble but he wants to develop the Mawjymbuin Krem to enrich the people and the village of Mawsynram. this issue needs to be discussed first so that it can be done smoothly.
“We are also pleased to provide financial support of Rs 5 lakh from the CM's Special Grant for this purpose.
?" Bahdeng asked. "Yes, I called Kongthei..." Lano replied. "I don't want to hear that I don't have a job..." Bahdeng replied. yourself.
How did you do with Jesus.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 15: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday held a distribution of leaflets known as the 'Rai eh daw Campaign' at Nongstoin Market.
JOWAI : The District Level Art and Culture Competition was held on the 2nd of this month at the District Library Auditorium, Mynthong, Jowai. Jowai schools participated in the Painting Competition, Art and Craft Competition, Folk Song Group and Solo, Folk Dance Group, English Song Solo and Indigenous Instrumental.
Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has announced that he has tested positive for Covid-1
When I write this I don't mean to criticize our women but I point out the mistakes to know the truth.
There was also a screening of films on many aspects of the work of the electricity department and a skit by Kynshi Higher Secondary School, Kynshi and an action song by St. Dominic Savio Secondary School, Kynshi.
Besides the leaders and residents, a youth from Umpling, Banbhalang Diengdoh, who has been involved in the implementation of Solid Waste Management with his team, was also present on the occasion. , to explain and raise awareness among the public on this method of disposing of garbage which is scientific and does not affect the health of the public or the environment as well.
On this issue, the KHADC has decided that the Hima Dorbar Mylliem should convene and hold the Hima Dorbar. “It may not be held once a year, but it depends on the arrangement of the Executive Dorbar. However, once a year the Hima Dorbar should be held in the presence of the Village Authorities and Rangbah Shnongs and the Hima Dorbar should be held according to the decision taken from there,” said CEM of KHADC Bah Pynshngain N Syiem. .
Therefore, the JSM appeals to all the paradoh parasnam of the country not to set fire to the incident ha Lapangap so that the peace and relationship between the Karbi will bring blessings to both sides. sides.
These 16 members gathered together with their relatives who are still attached to their traditional religion to found the Seng Khasi on that day 116 years ago.
Pynshngaiñ also slammed the UDP leaders, saying that they have forgotten themselves, what position they are in, but they are willing to fight for the work in KHADC which is against the will of the MDCs. they.
Why hasn't he asked questions since the day he planned to erect the dome especially since he is the one who is in charge of the project,” said Bah PN Syiem, Working President of the MPCC.
While Conrad was speaking, Bah George stood up and said that the Speaker of the House is just busy with something that has nothing to do with the question and he just wants to waste time on others. parts.
Acting Chief Justice of the Jharkhand High Court, Aparesh Kumar Singh, swore in Radhakrishnan, 65, in a function attended by the Chief Minister Hemant Soren, Union Ministers, MPs and Radhakrishnan, who has been a member of the Lok Sabha for two terms from Coimbatore, has now taken over from Ramesh Bais, who has been the Governor of Jharkhand since November
Shillong, June 21: The BJP has denied that it is trying to attack the minorities and against Christians in the country and has admitted that this is not the whole truth.
It is clear that the basis of the reservation policy is that the backward communities or minorities should receive special allocations so that they can lead in various government positions and departments.
Police have now seized the memory card of his anti-religious speech and will have to investigate whether his speech is true or not, as he has not accepted it yet.
Meghalaya lost the final of the Senior Women's One Day Trophy by seven wickets to Punjab in Nagpur.
The tournament was opened by Bah Pulstar Nongsiej who was invited as the chief guest, in the presence of the office bearers of the District Youth Church, Pastor DR Marngar and Pastor SK Kharsyntiew, Pastor Incharge of the District Youth Church. you District.
In John 11:1 he sympathized with Mary and Martha as they wept over Lazarus.
Since these years, the AIDS epidemic has spread and lynsher the lives of people continuously until today.
“If you give it to the same person,” said the former Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly.
“We request the law enforcement authorities to investigate, arrest and punish these criminals according to the rules of law,” said a statement from S Sari.
Western Area Commander Hedio C. Momin, Karak, said that the BDO will be released tomorrow.
Therefore, the drawing did not fit very well and was rejected and the drawing prepared by Bah Main Sing Shanpru was chosen.
Ribhoi has 27 cases, of which 7 cases are high risk and 9 cases are ILI. South West Garo Hills has 15 cases of ILI, West Garo Hills has 45 cases and West Jaintia Hills has cases and West Khasi Hills, 6 cases.
During the inspection, Umpling also led the market managers in Jowai including the JHADC to inspect and discuss how to temporarily solve the garbage separation problem in Jowai.
“We know that various incidents are happening around the four districts, it will take time to reach those places but through the ILP it is easier to find out where the people are going. wan of people coming to the state.
He said that the working methods of the Government have brought about this change.
Everyone praised the MEDC, but some of the foreigners were reluctant to get this factory and the lack of vision of the government officials to take action to improve the factory. It is only up to the Chairman and Management who come to run from time to time who do not have the skills as entrepreneurs to take orders (work) to build what has been run as usual. However, there were those who wanted to auction the factory, but there was opposition from the unions, employees and civil society and therefore from the authorities and the government did not take action, so the MEDC has started to lose money and the government in 2005-06 has dissolved this MEDC factory.
These foreigners are Varun S Lyngdoh and Sheena S Lyngdoh, daughters of Shyam Singhania.
Nongstoin Police Station said that the incident happened on the 14th of this month when the robber committed the crime while the child was alone in the house. the house.
“We have created the 'Rympei Kyrsiew Jaidbynriew' as the residents of the state because of our concern about the situation in Shillong especially in terms of cleanliness and heavy traffic jam. The State Government should start implementing the Smart City Project in Mawlong Market and other parts of Shillong,” said Bah Lyngwa.
The committee is responsible for 36 constituencies in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Ardent also expressed his surprise at the deceitfulness of the people even in the age of information and enlightenment, because some people say that the VPP MLA doesn't talk about what he is fighting for in the Assembly. the road itself is covered with snow.
He said that as of now, the loss cannot be counted, in the financial crisis, in the loss of income, the government should look into this and implement the latest measures how to improve health and employment to lift people out of suffering.
I have been in the party for decades now, so if you believe in the propaganda of those people who come to the party for their own benefit, you are wrong,” he said.
We are sorry for this lockdown but it is another step to prevent the spread of this terrible disease although in the State itself this disease has not yet entered and should not enter”.
The Additional Director General of Police, Mukesh Singh, was in the presence of many police chiefs during the inspection. to the Jammu-Srinagar highway.
Mutual respect for the dignity of labor is the only tool to improve the income of the country.
It was my first time in Shillong but I saw the beauty of the cherry trees.
On the other hand, the colleges would like to thank the Seng Khasi College Shillong for being willing to welcome the students into its list, the Dorbar Shnong Dusaw Rangthylliang, Pynursla for providing the space to hold classes, the teachers who from the area and from the city who have dedicated themselves to serving students tirelessly.
Shillong: There have been 423 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today, 3rd March 2020, and so far there are 423 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state. to 2,083 people.
Tanbor Swer was awarded the Rana Kharkongor Award, Daminot J Wankhar and Adlyne Khonglam were awarded the Riti Award. Dr. Naren Hazarika, Sr.
Hundreds of households who use light are suffering and most of the area is without light for days. We cannot say that Mawshynrut area generates a lot of revenue for MePDCL. FKJGP Mawshynrut Circle General Carry Oscar Kharmutee said that the FKJGP Mawshynrut Circle should have an SDO as soon as possible.
Whether they are SSA teachers, Adhoc teachers, government teachers, private school teachers or any other teachers, they are teachers.
Such a thing probably always comes, or will come at any time, you may have experienced you may have experienced at any time, shame has come anxiety has covered, darkness heaven and earth in all thoughts.
The notice reads, “You know now in India that there is a strong movement and struggle for the Indians to rule their own country.
Speaking on the occasion, Sohra MLA TW Chyne, who met with Dr Mukul Sangma today, said, “According to the statement of the Prime Minister, there is no The government intends to hand over the MCCL to the private sector,” said Bah TW Chyne.
It is worth mentioning that the clash between the Karbi and the Khasi Pnar residents of Lapanagp took place on the 26th and 27th of November last year. to the injury of several persons.
He said that as an MLA, he will speak in the Legislative Assembly on the appointment policy in the state to demand the abolition of the 40/40 Reservation Policy (Garo and Khasi) and the implementation of 80 present. “It's a good idea to have a strong witness whether you're a Garo or a Khasi”.
Kim Kardashian has banned her employees from wearing tight clothes because she has set a rule for employees to wear the same clothes while they are inside the house. claim.
Not only that, in the past, when a death occurred, the family members had to pay their heads before taking the body from the hospital, but these days, when the death occurs, the most important thing is that the body is removed from the hospital. It is necessary to collect all the money in the surrounding area and not even to extort money, because if you don't pay the hospital fees, you won't be able to get the body.
Furthermore, the police suspect that the incident may have been caused by a quarrel between the traders regarding the trade or there may be other reasons for this. there which hitherto no accurate information has been obtained.
Ma Pyrkhat Shylla in his keynote address said that the purpose of this award ceremony is to encourage and motivate the children and students of the kur to continue to work hard in their studies.
Not only that, even the Awakening India Movement has come forward to conduct these campaigns to explain to the people that they should not be fooled and fall into the trap of money before the elections.
Thus, the Minister of PWD (Building) and MLA Phet from Mawhati distributed money to the households in Nongkrem constituency.
Nongpoh, November 22: The Ri-Bhoi Cultural Upliftment Committee (MCC) in collaboration with the Meghalaya Tourism Development Association (MRDA) on Monday held a festival to promote and raise awareness among the people. Ri Bhoi District, on the richness of the district which also has many traditional customs and cultures that are still alive today.
The players' social contracts expire until 2025 at a salary of around €200m per year and others.
In another source, it was learned from Danggo's leaders that he will not resign until the government creates a civil sub-division.
For Water Supply Sector, Rs 1,138 crore has been allocated for 2021-2022 and T.2461 crore has been allocated for the development of other sectors. .
“As you know, Lan Vincent, who has been a successful kayaker, has represented Australia at the European Cup and World Championships.
There were also some of Walinda's friends who suspected her boyfriend.
The opening ceremony of the Emergency & Trauma Unit was held on the 25th October 2019, in the presence of Hiarmon Pyrtuh, Chairperson of the Women's Assembly KJP Assembly, who is also a member of the Women's Assembly. The Governing Board of the Hospital was appointed.
I hope we get more than 300 MPs this time.
Shillong, Naitung 20 : Mawlai SC are currently in the top of the OC Blue Shillong Premier League (SPL) 2021-22 points table after beating Mawkhar SC in the first leg of the 2021-22 season. The tournament was held at the Third Ground, Polo, Shillong on Tuesday.
Bhoi Mawhati is very good at partying.
The union has demanded that the law enforcement authorities should take immediate action on this issue, but otherwise the union will do whatever is necessary.
This program is conducted by licensed coaches.
The new office bearers of the KSU Huroi Unit, who were confirmed on the occasion, include President Wallam Lamin Gadew, Vice President Gilbert Khonglah, Secretary Poly Pohlong, Assistant Secretary Bashisha Suting. , Organizing Secretary, Listing Suting, Publicity Secretary, Vishal Sajem, Education Secretary, Mykhel Phawa, Assistant Education Secretary, Fullmoon Sumer, Finance Secretary, Tarling Lamin Gadew and three executive members. including Ortika Khongliam, Bu Suchen and Shak Lamin.
Lawsohtun won the match 3-0
Fourth : Abraham's prayer as a request from God :- Abraham expressed by saying, “I am but dust and ashes” in humility and humility, he said to God if there are only forty-five? If there are only forty or if there are only fifty, “And the LORD God went his way, and Abraham returned unto his place. place “33 verses.
It was after this order that the DGP on the 12th of this month left for the CBI headquarters in Delhi.
The flavonoids contained in these fruits are antioxidants that work well in reducing the damage caused by free radicals.
“Sometimes when they are arrested and questioned, they don't tell us the truth about their village and place of residence.
Others who were present on the occasion included Bah Daniel Thangkhiew, OSD of the Prime Minister, Fr Sylvanus Nongkynrih and Fr Genesimus Nongneng. Rector of St. Paul's Seminary, Fr. Devasia of Siloam, in the presence of women religious, members of the Parish Pastoral Council, members of the Parents, Women's & Youth Associations and other youths more than there's nothing.
Hep's father, as soon as he heard this, said, “You are fine, but you don't have a job.” He laughed again.
As soon as they heard that there was a gunshot, they gathered among themselves and were very careful about the movement under the leadership of Inban.
The Assam Police have been informed of the incident and the Meghalaya Police have also warned the Meghalaya Police not to go to the place where there is no snow. you are a pud.
“Father Sngi used to tell me that if the Khasi language lives, the nation lives,” he said.
Police had to shed water and fire tear gas after football fans supporting Belgium burnt down vehicles, set fire to shops and others in the city.
Shillong: An 8 month old boy from Arunachal Pradesh has died of Covid-19 at NEIGRIHMS Hospital today.
The Kur Phawa Siangshai also gave a speech of encouragement to him that even though he is hearing impaired, he has been able to showcase his talent and the Kur Phawa Siangshai wishes him all the best. 10,000/- tyngka from the fund of the Kur as a sign of the Kur's participation with him in the tournament. , and concluded the program with a prayer by Lenar Phawa, Chairman of Arts and Culture.
India are currently in fourth place behind the Netherlands and Australia, and will face Belgium and Argentina in Antwerp between the 22nd and 26th of this month.
“He also asked whether the demand for the recognition of the Khasi language goes hand in hand with the demand of the Jaidbynriew.
The EM KHADC promised to take action to call for talks with the MDCs of Mylliem Hima and to take these suggestions to the Committee for consideration.
Since the incident, the Municipal together with the SDRT team and the people who used to sleep in Marten have conducted a search for Bah Marshall Marwein.
The ears, the eyes and the hands are busy satisfying the desires of their hearts.
He asked whether it enters the budget of the state government, as we know this money should go to those people who claim to be high level.
However, in the whole dorbar, they may be present, but only those who have been elected by custom shall be elected to take part in the meeting; This means that anyone who leads the household council can speak in the kur council, anyone who leads the kur council can speak in the village council, from the village council in the raij council, from the raij council. in the council of the kingdom.
Shillong: There have been 354 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 352 recoveries and 7 deaths, all of whom have not been injected.
College Auditorium where Mr. Wailadmiki Shyllang was the chief guest.
The first meeting was conducted by Kong Renewbiang Dkhar KASSJ and the second meeting was conducted by MM Thaiang Vice President Shant Jowai KAS. .DRL Nonglait who spoke on “The New Testament of Thomas Jones and His Contribution to Literature” and Rev.HCT Sumer who explained on “The Contribution of Thomas Jones to Society”.
Shillong: There have been 26 new cases of Covid-19 in the state today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
, East Jaintia Hills District, Mr. Luckystar Lyngdoh.
It has been witnessed from time to time that any duty of the Government in Meghalaya has to be reminded, has to be mentioned by the Sengbhalang, the private sector or any person who has an understanding for the welfare of the people. state.
Shillong, July 11 : The KHNAM on Friday urged the CEM, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, to congratulate the Executive Committee of KHADC for taking the initiative to issue Trading Licenses across the country. to issue new Trading License in Ïewduh and Shillong as a whole.
She said the establishment of the Center will provide special care to women during childbirth, will help women to stay healthy, as well as help the health of children and youth in all aspects. .
The match was organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) at the artificial turf ground at Diengshynrum, Khliehriat.
The Synrai Session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly will commence on 15th November.
However, when I came back to Shillong, I lodged a complaint against the doctor,” said the MLA. On the 5th of this month at 12 pm, Rongjeng MLA Sengnam N Marak and his friends, summoned him to a room near the IB PWD in Rongjeng, East Garo Hills.
May the Lord give eternal rest to their souls and eternal light shine on them; they shall rest in peace.
Jowai, Naitung 27: The 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) was held today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai. .
Meghalaya cannot discriminate against the villagers in the state, but it needs clear and adequate laws.
Furthermore, information and communication with farmers has been initiated using existing groups such as ICAR-Krishi Vigyan Kendras (KVKs), Agriculture Technology Management Agency (ATMA) , Self Help Groups under the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM), Farmer Field Schools (FFS) and others.
She concluded by saying, “Please don't deceive them because they too are in the image of God, if you love and take good care of them God will bless you many times”.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, after the swearing-in ceremony of the two new ministers, has appointed all the ministers and reshuffled some of the departments held by the ministers in his cabinet on Friday. Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong has appointed three portfolios including Finance, Planning Home (Political), Cabinet Affairs and Personnel. Consumer Affairs.
The coalition government, which has been in power for three years, has shown many of its own trade and money-making schemes from the illegal coal trade, the management and implementation of works to prevent the spread of the disease, corruption and insufficient funds. in the management of electricity distribution in the state among others.
At the same time, he said that the village will not allow the Karbi to come and use the land of the village which has been theirs since ancient times.
Not only in the textbooks in the department, the government through the Department of Arts & Culture, should implement modern Internet facilities in the District Library Nongstoiñ, in order to get more information from the department. for any additional information sharing to area students.
He also mentioned the four mantras of MOOCs, namely acceptance, implementation and development.
Then the dorbar sorbar was held in the light, and the judgment was paid.
“We have told the Governor that the PDF is ready to introduce any changes if it is for the better and we can do this by introducing an amendment in the House”.
This is a fast and powerful internet connection where people can video chat, chat and send messages in a very fast way.
On the other hand, the police chief said that the police have received a detailed information regarding the arrival of this man with the drugs, and immediately conducted a search operation on the highway. NH-06 near Khliehriat Police Station.
The next day, on the 24th July, there was another incident in the House, as the MDCs especially from the ruling party showed that they don't respect the Speaker of the House, Kong Teilinia. Thangkhiew, where it was seen that the MDCs sometimes left and sometimes entered, it was seen that the CEM, Bah Ardent, who changed his seat from the CEM's seat to the seat of the ruling MDCs.
Shillong, Nailur 20 : Congress MLA from Ganbegre, Saleng A Sangma, has resigned from the post of Chairman of the Public Account Committee (PAC) of the Assembly after being appointed as the Chief Whip of the Opposition.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare and NPP candidate for the Shillong Lok Sabha seat, Ampareen Lyngdoh and the State Working President of the party, Hamlet Dohlieng, inspected the planting. Leaders from different blocks of Ri Bhoi district.
Many rivers have lost their beauty due to the mining of mineral resources without protecting the environment and some have lost their beauty due to the dumping of garbage.
Once we destroy the habitat of these insects, what happens is that these insects look for hiding places.
Many good ones, who served faithfully for others.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 31: Two children from Ri-Bhoi District, Baphindaburom Shylla, Class VII and Hambert Sohphoh, Class VI, Umbir village, Ri-Bhoi District, have been arrested. The Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi, together with the office of the District Child Protection Officer, has benefited from the PM-CARES scheme. Unit, ICPS on Monday took part in the launch of the PM CARES scheme by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi through Video Conference.
There were three persons inside the ambulance, whom the police have arrested and are conducting further investigation for carrying illegal drugs and especially for taking advantage of carrying them inside the ambulance.
These 35 residents are from East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills Districts.
However, they can no longer benefit from the scheme if they do not link their Aadhaar to their MHIS Card.
There are 116 students, including 35 BSc NSG students, 54 Post Basic BSc NSG students and 27 GNM students.
Therefore, by the end of the match, Erkai FC won by 4-2 goals against Mawpud FC and won the title.
Referring to NEHU, the President said he is pleased to know that people from outside India have also come to study at this university, such as Thailand, Bangladesh, Bhutan and other countries. to The Middle East.
Let us turn a little bit to the society whether in the raid kihima or in the state as a whole.
“We cannot accept the behavior of the MCL officials against our employees and the employees of MCL should remember that they are only foreigners and traders who come here, they are not the villagers to work while “They want to,” said Bah Donbok, adding that the Seng will see later if these people will apologize for their actions.
This was announced by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya on 28th October 2023, while talking to reporters in Shillong.
In his speech, Bah Mitchell congratulated the Seng for working for many years to serve the community.
It is also learned that the two militants snatched the guns of the two jail guards after they attacked them and escaped from the jail in Arunachal Pradesh.
Remember the VHP and Bajrang Dal who killed the Australian missionaries in Orissa in the 1990s.
West Khasi Hills CA won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 100 runs for the loss of all wickets. 19.5 Over.
Banpynshngain Syngwan won the gold medal in the 50mtrs Free Style Men and also won the title of Fastest Swimmer of the MSA. competition.
Meanwhile, Bah Robinus Syngkon said that there has been an agreement for a long time to join the BJP. “I joined the BJP on the basis that the Ministers especially the Minister of Tourism Alphonse has promised to promote the tourism in the state to increase employment,” said Bah Robinus.
“There has been a decline in the revenue of the state due to the NGT ban,” he said.
“The reason why the JAC Sohiong has come today is that the KHADC has not informed the JAC and for this reason they have come to demand the completion of the work,” he said.
If the opposition political parties are able to unite, it will surely put pressure on the BJP in the upcoming elections.
“If Coal India Ltd has already auctioned the coal, why do we need to buy coal from abroad, we can use the coal available in the state,” he said.
He also laid the foundation stone for the improvement of the road in Williamnagar at a cost of T.27 crore.
The increasing power outages and power outages of the previous governments have been excessive and frequent but there have never been such demands to resign anyone.
O India is too crowded! The super elite tell the Khasi to reduce or lose their children in order to become rich and educated.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06 : The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and MDC of Sohra, Bah Titos W Chyne on Saturday expressed his deep sorrow to see that Sohra is lagging behind in all aspects. It is also one of the constituencies which does not have a single college or even a proper health center or Community Health Centre.
“We are in the midst of an impact because of the weather.
These words encourage them to prepare for many hours a day.
Kiming Dkhar scored the first goal for Moolamanoh SC in the 90'+3
The Meghalaya State Weightlifting Association (MSPA) has organized the 2nd State Weightlifting Championship on November 2 at the NSCA Stadium. King, Nongpoh.
Jambor said that the KHADC should have the necessary documents to verify the land so that it will not happen again as it happened in the first time.
By Philip Marwein.
“This year you have reached the final, but I expect that through hard work you will be able to win the title.
After cleaning those borti, before returning, Ibapynkmen Ryntathiang fell asleep and the hymmen cried out for help.
The public is requested to obey the arrangements of the church and the village as a whole to avoid traffic jam.
Students from 40 schools including Sibsing Memorial Government Higher Secondary School, Anderson Higher Secondary School, St. Peter's Higher Secondary School and KJP Synod Sepngi Higher Secondary School took part in the competition. Joel Gatphoh Memorial Higher Secondary School, St Francis Higher Secondary School, Umyiap District Higher Secondary School, Christ King Higer Secondary School, Ri Lyngam Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Pastorate Laitkseh Higher Secondary SchoolThe program was conducted by The SDSEO of West Khasi Hills is L.Syiemlieh.
Hundreds of people including parents to youth who want to work for the party attended the meeting.
The inquiry was conducted after the Seng built a house inside the Maxwelton Estate on Friday morning after the expiry of the 100 days notice to the district authorities to remove illegal immigrants. in this area by raising cattle and dumping garbage into the stream adjacent to the Estate.
These poor farmers are not only slaves to those farmers; but the sad thing is that they are slaves to their own people.
Bah Banteidor's call to these traders came after the farmers from Rasong area and other villages complained to him that the price of synsar has dropped day by day despite the Government's It has already been recognized as a forest product and does not fall under the tax list.
Buhpormi Myrboh 4', Slim Myrboh 38' and Shailang Lawai 56' scored the goals for Mookaswan.
He said that after the BJP government came to power in 2014, the wind of development has blown in the country under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The mother's heart is filled with many thoughts and levels of responsibility.
Shillong: The Executive Member (EM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Victor Ranee, on Tuesday said that the employees of the Forest Department of the Council, who used to perform the duties of Forest Guard.
The High Power Committee of the Assembly earlier decided to build a dorbar hall at Mawdiangdiang in the new Shillong, 14 km from the present city.
“If the people allow me to become an MLA, the first thing is to work with the village authorities to bring about the development that the people need,” he said.
According to him, the State Government has done its job and is now waiting for the Ministry to release the money.
“The committee is sitting two meetings.
As part of the programme, the Minister together with other Government officials who were present on the occasion, launched the Teaching Learning Materials Kit for the students who are just starting school. school.
Kiev has asked NATO to help fight the war against Russia after the missiles entered parts of Telmanove, 50 miles west of Russia. the rebel-held city of Donetsk, 13 miles from the Ukrainian-Russian border.
The bodies of the victims, who were 4 years old (female) and 2 years old (male), are the children of Ibanisha Khar Buki, 27 years old and Bah Jeofreeson Jana, 28, resident of Nongrah Nonglum.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Mynso Unit has seized illegal trucks passing through the Wahmyntang Bridge in Mynso village.
Not only the school in Khliehumwang, but it was also found that the Presbyterian School in Madan Umwang village, which was destroyed by the Assam Police, has been left empty and no one has taken action to repair it. As it is now, the school has recognized only the foundation, because since it was destroyed by the Assam Police and until today, it has remained the same.
Speaking on the occasion, Ms Macdalyne S Mawlong expressed her happiness after the opening of these two parking lots in Dulongnar and Erpakon villages which is a blessing for the people of Dulongnar and Erpakon. to sit still, to hide from the sun and the rain during the time of the car.
When the new CEM is elected, will the Mang Tyngka be brought back? Doesn't it have a right, doesn't it have a law, doesn't it have a way to suspend the List of Business and submit a No Confidence Motion?” asked Bah Chyne.
Other topics of the seminar were Leadership, Communication, Decision Making and SSA and RMSA.
The night curfew will be in force only within the border of East Jaintia Hills District from Tuber Shohshrieh to Malidor.
She said that as a party, she has been looked after, but she has remained silent on the situation when it comes to the NEP-2
Many times the Assam government has used to set up a police station in Mukroh and has used to harass the residents of these two villages during the farming season and arrest the timber trucks from the area, but this time it has built a police station. The police station was located in the forest area of ​​Saba village.
Expressing the need to improve the environment and income, the CM said, “We need to take steps to improve employment, income and books and economic development that we need, but we also need to ensure that there is no impact on the environment.
The BJP Leader said that the number of students who have passed Class XII in the State is too high to provide examination centers at one examination centre.
Jona Khar-ir said that tomorrow there will be a program of the Campaign For Change at the Community Hall of NEHU and the program will be divided into two parts. 'Laws and Practices in Relation to Economic Development in All Aspects' and after that there will be another discussion among college students on 'There is no hope for the future of the youth as long 45 years now'
Shillong, July 10: Nine persons have been arrested in connection with the rape of a 14-year-old girl.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that he has not yet received the resignation letter of Kong Roshan Warjri from the post of Minister of Home Affairs.
This is the second time that the CEM of KHADC has appeared before the High Court since the hearing of Justice SR Sen.
“As usual, we allow vehicles to unload agricultural products and as soon as they have finished, they are driven out of the market to avoid traffic jam,” said one of the operators of the market.
Guwahati Police have arrested Sagar and seized T.1,22,900 from him , which was sent by Sohan D Shira as a call.
In the meantime, as an organization, we send our prayers to you for your safe journey, and to bless you on your journey for the sake of building the future of Hynniewtrep.
For this reason, as they hoped, they have succeeded in getting an independent state, even in the midst of the struggles and difficulties that continue to arise while they are still struggling to leave the nation.
Jowai: The 4th Annual General Meeting of the Seiñ Kur Bahkhla will be held on Tuesday. 12th July 2013 at 11 am at Mookynniang Community Hall, Khliehtyrshi District.
This part of Para 12 A(b) which can suspend or amend or amend the Acts of Parliament in Assam is in the hands of the Governor but in Meghalaya it goes to the President.
Nongpoh: Several political parties, including the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP), the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) and the Meghalaya People's Social Organization (MPSO), today suddenly raided the tax collection office. The toll gate of the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) at Pahammawlein village, Ri Bhoi, has been closed after receiving information that the manager of the toll gate has been operating the toll gate without any by providing the documents.
A total of 3,13,914 people have been tested so far and 3,00,227 have tested negative.
Shillong: U Daniel Stone L Nonglait, Advocate of the Supreme Court, who was in the Empaneled Lawyer of the North East, has lodged a complaint with the police against a man who claimed to be a Khasi. in the city of Delhi.
However, if this happens, the trust in the departments will also be lost because the people will draw water themselves from the wells, and the cost will be high.
The CM said that the government has appointed a Mission Director to expedite the implementation of the project through two Assistant Mission Directors. .
“VPP Spokesperson Dr Batskhem Myrboh said in a statement.
He said that this day will be a memorable day where the residents will no longer have to travel to Jowai for any work related to the Police Station.
The rules of procedure for the Judicial Inquiry should be exactly on the case of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew in Mawlai Kynton Massar and the investigation of the Judicial Inquiry should not interfere with other cases. The Prime Minister said this at a meeting held by the Government today.
The procedure of each department was explained to them.
Inaugurating the centre, Mukul Sangma congratulated the department for the development of the center which started in
He said that the language, culture, food, dress code and the beauty of nature in the North East will boost the region in terms of tourism.
As a teacher, she has sent letters to the MLA of the area, the office of BDO Mawkynrew, SSA and the office of the Deputy Inspector of School Shillong for assistance. you don't have to look at them.
The website, which was founded by a local entrepreneur, Nishant Suchiang, was featured at the programme.
The DC's office has launched a new registration process for those residents who are 18 years of age and above to register as voters.
He said that through this festival, it will help Meghalaya to market sohtrun not only in the country but also abroad.
The NCERT will introduce the NCPFECCE for children up to the age of 8 years.
Speaking on the occasion, Renikton said that the border issue is the heart of the HSPDP and it wants a way to resolve the border issue.
She stressed on the importance of science and technology in this age by encouraging the children to take these subjects which can improve their lives and broaden their minds and encourage them to jam chess and don't have the desire to play chess.
Drs. Challam promised to provide free check-up once every three months to the children in the creche and at the same time he donated T. 25,000 to the creche.
The distance from Guwahati to Dhaka will be about 476 km via Shillong-Dawki/Tamil (Bang Ladakh)-Sylhet-Dhaka.
In the second leg, Sainkiru Pale scored the goals in the 4th and 9th minutes, Shanlang Lyngdoh in the 12th and 45th minutes. Ashiel Pale scored in the 14th minute and Arkini Kyndong scored an own goal in the 20th minute.
The union has sent a letter to the Executive Director (P) of NHIDCL Shillong that the company should keep its promise at the last meeting. you SDO Survey.
In addition to the venue exhibition there will also be a traditional cooking demonstration, traditional dance performances, trekking, motorcycling and cycling.
The MLA also said that the Meghalaya government has implemented various policies and opened various opportunities for the development and preservation of the traditional culture of the state. and this preservation of such handicrafts and handicrafts in our district will open up employment opportunities for many youth.
Who doesn't agree or who doesn't agree.
Before the meeting with the DC, the Seng had also submitted the same memorandum to the SP, Ma MK Dkhar, of the district.
Shillong: The Congress party in India today held a massive protest against the decision of the NDA government to hold the JEE and NEE examinations. Also present on the occasion were MDC Bajop Pynprope, women's organizations and many students from the NSUI of the Congress.
Benjamin Hmar, 33, of Nongmensong, Dongkamon, EK Hills and Sumarlin Warjri, 51, of Mawlai Umshing, EK Hills.
The difference between the paradoh parasnam is due to the lack of thinking and following what the French did about two hundred years ago.
"I want to laugh in the conversation," said Ban's mother.
Therefore, these are issues that need to be resolved whether with the Urban Affairs Department or C&RD Department or PHE or through the District Council and DCA Department,” he said.
Paul said the delay in the appointment of the chairman of the MPSC has severely affected the work of the recruitment department.
This was announced by the Chairman of the Election Committee of the KSU, Bah Danny M Khyriem and Secretary of the Committee, Bah Samuel B Jyrwa.
Police should take action against anyone who hears any bad news on social media.
Jowai: Four political parties including the KSU, FKJGP, JNYF and RBYF will hold a public meeting on the 15th of this month at the statue of Kiang Nangbah in Khliehriat at 11 am. morning.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuga Nathan, has said that the Village Administration Bill of KHADC has been approved by the Governor of Meghalaya. this Bill.
They are no longer considered Religious groups in India.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Ricky's brother-in-law, Sanjay Kharsati, said that he was abducted on the 7th of this month at 12:30 pm. They tied his hand with weapons and at that time the relatives were present but could not do anything.
The meeting was held to protest against the MUDA's boundary crossing within the KHADC jurisdiction where the residents are facing difficulties in building houses, or installing electricity or ringing water. However, a day before the public meeting to be held at Malki, the District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District has imposed Section 144CrPC. against the hill more than 500 meters around the Secretariat.
This video song is to encourage the youth to understand the need for EPIC to have the responsibility to take part in the election of leaders.
Shillong: The Acting Minister of State for Child Development, Electronics and Information Technology (IT) Rajeev Chandrasekhar, who is on a two-day visit to Shillong on Tuesday, will pay a two-day visit to Shillong. He said that in the next 12 months, the Government of India will train more than 50,000 thousand youth from Meghalaya in industry ready skill programmes.
Shah will spend his time in Jharkhand tomorrow and on Tuesday, the report said.
We also hope that the government will expand the work of this Expert Committee by entrusting it with the responsibility to recommend what the government should do to increase the number of jobs.
The tournament was conducted by the District Sports Officer (DSO) in all four blocks of West Jaintia Hills including Thadlaskeiñ Block, Laskeiñ Block, Amlarem Block and Namdong Block.
The state government has also said that the person responsible for this case has been arrested by the police. They have already sought permission to lodge a complaint against him. or the same person in two cases against him in connection with this section.
On the other hand, Bah Daniel also blessed the family of Kong Plenty Pyngrope and Bah Synjoy Kongwang to have a healthy body and also to experience more blessings in their work. hand through the help of God from above.
Therefore, we have tried to find out if there are other parts of the State, which are willing to accept the railway line and this search is ongoing,” said Conrad.
General Secretary: Samla Vorrozislov Sohklet4.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Primary Health Center (PHC) Mawlasnai has been empty without a doctor for 10 months now. take medication or treatment.
These items were recovered from Rongbokgre and Dorengkigre villages.
Of course, the Khasi people will be very special, there will be no such difference in the marriage because if the jaid is given to the father, the children of the daughters who are different after marriage will not be married. They shall not marry one another, because they are brothers, because their mothers are brothers: but the children of their daughters shall marry unto the third generation, as the children of the sons. now at this time it is not given to the tribe of my mother.
When asked about the outbreak of swine flu, he said there have been no complaints of African Swine Flu (ASF) in the state so far.
“Besides the RC, the Fitness Tax, Road Tax, Road Maintenance, Insurance, and other taxes will be very difficult. “It shows that in the end, the vehicles are small and if they are parked on the road for a while, they will be robbed,” they said.
The members of the union also banned the forced employment of any foreigner who works on contractual basis at NEIAH. the organization will take strict action.
When the rice is harvested, those that are rotten or damaged should be separated from the common rice, otherwise those rice that come into contact with these rotten rice may rot together.
Explaining on this, Tynsong said that this means that if a person dies in the afternoon, the remains of the body will have to be buried the next day within 2 pm.
In the women's category, Wapaka Sumer, Lynette P Mylliemngap, Reyana Syiemsad, Hakidaroi Sumer, Wanrikiti Kurbah and Nicole D Lyngdoh were selected. ), Stacynia Ryntathiang (EKHD), Saphira Sun (EKHD), Wansara Nongsiej (EKHD), Graceful Lyngkhoi (EKHD) and Tengsilchi B Marak (WGHD).
However, this order of the government has become increasingly difficult as the days go by and the time will come when the bus stops will be so long that the bus conductors and the passengers will have to sit down.
The Ryngksai Kur, whose members are mostly in the Jaintia Hills, is related to the Khongsni and Jaktung Kurs, whose members are mostly in the Khasi Hills.
SDRF personnel have collected water from the crematorium, from the Letein River near the crematorium and also from other crematoriums to test and determine whether the water flowing into the crematorium is contaminated. it is from the river or from other coal mines.
If the KHADC and JHADC want, they should write to the government,” he said.
Therefore, Satan wants to deceive man one thing and that is faith. And if a man has great faith, Satan is very afraid and quick to flee, because he is afraid that he knows that he has lost his faith. A man has no strength to defend himself by that faith.
Momin, MCS, Assistant Commissioner, South West Garo Hills District, Ampati has been transferred and appointed Assistant Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong.
During the meeting, the Sengkhasi, which is the Sengniam of the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum people and is also responsible for the preservation of the customs and traditions, longniam longrukom and ancestral heritage, expressed its views on the There are many problems faced by the Sengkhasi Sohiong as a whole.
He said that Laskeiñ Block is the oldest block in the state since 1973 and if the population has reached 100,000 residents, the time has come to upgrade it to Civil Sub. Division.
The first round of the Third Division Football Tournament of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has come to an end on Thursday and the second round or pre quarter final has been scheduled to start on the 14th. 25th of January.
On the opening day, hundreds of male and female dancers as well as young children came to take part in the Weiking Festival.
“The online voting will be the next step, the first step of the Election Commission is to ensure that all the voter lists are not wrong,” said the CEC. ia this work.
“The construction of the Mawkynrew C&RD Block has started since 1981 and as it is now it has collapsed and is no longer suitable for the employees and the BDO who have been complaining from time to time.
On the 18th, the BJP Mahila Morcha will visit the Indo-Bangla border in Meghalaya for the 24-hour Raksha Bandhania.
In such cases, the Government should conduct a thorough investigation so that the victims can get a fair trial,” said the MPHRC. When there is any allegation of violation of Human Rights, such allegations shall be conducted by an impartial investigation and when any Government official is found to be involved in the violation of Human Rights. “I urge the Government Commission not to sit idly by and watch all the incidents related to human rights violations,” said the MPHRC. Manbriew, but it should take immediate steps to conduct an investigation so that there will be a fair trial of those acts of violence committed by the police and Government officials,” said the MPHRC. We remind all that the Human Rights According to the Constitution which has been in force since 1948 empowers each and every citizen that we have the right to protection and security which cannot be separated from dignity and freedom of expression in the human dignity of all".
The race started from Polo JN Stadium and ended at Polo JN Stadium.
The MDC of the area, Saron Pasweth, said that his donation of T.5 lakh from the MDC Scheme is for the construction of the dorbar hall, but in his view, it is necessary to build the road first. enter the council.
This is according to a statement issued by Bah GS Hat, Publicity Secretary CORP.
It is to be recalled that on the evening of 28th June 2020, foreign troops attacked KSU members after a public meeting on CAA 2019 and to demand the implementation of ILP in Meghalaya.
At present, besides tourism, the residents of this village have started to turn to the cultivation of tympew as they have found that this plant is very suitable in this area.
The buses will leave for Mawphlang at 7 pm and the journey will start from Mawphlang at 9 pm.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the residents said that the number of part-time school children in the area is due to the lack of adequate schools. The village has only class VII and many of the children after graduating from this school, cannot continue their education, because to get to better schools they have to walk a long distance. km to Mawlasnai and Bhoirymbong.
Marngar said that in this regard, the Deputy Commissioner said that to set up revenue collection gates on the roads constructed by the government whether they are PWD roads or National Highways is a challenge. illegal.
Police are still searching for the arrest.
At this time, if the issue of eviction of the people living in Themiewmawlong is resolved before the MLA elections in 2023, the election will be held by all the parties in the government.
It was also decided that the Union will send a letter to the NIT and Gautam Construction Ltd to implement the project. Another decision taken was that the Union has banned all the suppliers or contractors outside the association from supplying goods to the project.
Even among Indians, after 1947, there were four states that were not ruled by foreign states, namely Tripura, which was not ruled by the Bengalis of Bengal.
The Assam government has recently removed four districts from 35 to 31 districts to reduce unnecessary expenditure, which is not suitable for the conduct of government affairs.
Dr. Marak also told about the brave deeds of Pa Togan Sangma when the French troops invaded Garo Hills.
Shillong: Two trucks and 59 cows were seized by the BSF on Tuesday morning at Lumshnong Police Station. This is the National Highway
After seven games, Lajong are now 12 points behind Mawlai SC. Sawmer are still on 3 points and have lost their chance to reach the final. semi-final.
The match on the 04th will be between Pyrdiwah and Umkrem at 2.30pm.
The Minister informed that the Central Government has allocated T.490 crore as loan release for the garment manufacturers in the country and up to T.500 crore to assist these manufacturers in need of loans.
The JSU Sengkmie together with the Dorbar Shnong of Murap Village have demanded that the DC should arrest and punish such a person. a person who controls and exploits the share of the people in order to curb corruption under this scheme.
This statement of the foreigner, has shocked how the Syiem Police can detain people in the streets without higher information.
The Sport Complex is the first such stadium in Jaintia Hills and will be inaugurated by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on 23rd July
Those who violate shall be punished according to the provisions of the law.
“There will be many earthquakes, lightning strikes and other tragic incidents, just because of the cruel slaughter of animals and the fact that people eat meat,” said Behera. It has been shared in videos and on many social media platforms.
According to the report, it is suspected that there may have been smuggling of illegally mined coal from Kyllonmathei area to the illegally operating coal factories.
Regarding the pollution of the Lukha River, he said, “We cannot blame only one issue, because there is pollution from factories, residential areas and also from the mining of river. plan.
However, the Minister said that it is necessary for the KHADC to take urgent action to introduce amendments to the VAB as the Ministry of Home Affairs may not be able to explain its explanation and if it is in this form, the approval of the VAB will be further delayed.
St. Louis City defender Tim Parker scored from the penalty spot after Jorginho scored the second goal. .
Charles said that the High Court has also taken note of this issue and has found that there are illegal activities in this area. to prevent any illegal activity.
Tomorrow, the Lama Lai Rong of the country will be hoisted at half past five, and there will be no government celebration.
The meeting also decided to appoint polling agents at all polling stations and to submit their names in advance so that they can be sent to the Election Commission.
At the Lumparing Tibetan Buddha Temple, many devotees also attended the prayers.
Besides this, the laboratory of the hospital has also received recognition from NABL, which started through biochemistry and pathology in
They said that he was given his own room so that he could be more comfortable and calm.
“But as it is not the last talk, I don't dare to say anything,” he said.
“The knowledge of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya on health is better than mine.
Second, in the Gospel of Matthew 3:4, the appearance and dress of John the Baptist is described: “And John was clothed with camel's hair, and with a girdle of a skin about his loins; and he was clothed with a vesture of leather about his loins..." Matthew compares John to the prophet Elijah- "What kind of man is that man?" the King asked.
He said that the party is looking forward to the candidate who will keep the promise – to serve the people in a clean and transparent manner and free from corruption.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Thadlaskeiñ unit distributed food items at Wahiajer village on the 24th of this month.
In particular, the degradation of human dignity and the corruption of the rule of law, the discrimination and discrimination against the poor have been excessive.
Shillong: Former Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit has strongly criticized the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on the statement that development works from Assam should not be banned. in the border areas.
He said that he talks from time to time with all the Chief Ministers of the five states in the North East and that the Central Government provides the requirements as requested by the State Governments.
Last June, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said US intelligence agencies had received information that China intended to send weapons and ammunition to the country. He said the US has warned against any country not to join Russia or to join the war between Russia and Ukraine because of this. it will affect and destroy all the countries of the world.
Members of the Commission headed by Manhar Valjibhai Zala as Chairman held a meeting with the Chief Secretary and senior government officials to discuss the issue. the part relating to the metor khar.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the curfew has caused problems to the farmers as they can no longer market their jhur every day.
“I remember the two of them together and before coming here I had seen a few pictures of them sitting together and talking.
Have not these words been a source of strength, encouragement, great hope and help to support the strengthening of the believers in 30 kinds of trials and troubles?
If the electricity distribution companies increase the electricity tariff, the government has to send this to the third party suppliers and the people have to pay.
The celebration was enriched by songs and dances by the local musicians.
He said the mall had applied for a trading license on 31st July, 2016 and had paid T.15,160 tyngka.
This book was published at the right time, in the year 160 years after Kiang's death by the French.
In Mizoram, the BJP has not yet won anything, but has won one seat.
Social media is no longer just a platform for communication and information but has become a platform to help others in need and this was witnessed through an incident where donations were collected through Whatsapp to give supporting two families in need.
Nongpoh: A house has caught fire at Umskun village in Ri Bhoi district at 9:30 pm this morning. house, as all the belongings inside the house were destroyed in the fire.
The meeting was conducted by Bah LT Tariang ADC South West Khasi Hills District.
And one of the dresses that our Khasi ancestors used to like and respect is the Jainkyrshah Shiliang. The jainkyrshah shiliang is one of the gifts that mothers give to their daughters.
Until now, no body has been found.
The relatives of the woman have lodged a complaint with the Ladrymbai Police Station since Monday and after the body was found, the police have come to collect the body and the post mortem examination will be conducted. it will be finished tomorrow.
Please visit and read in all border areas.
The MDA government has introduced the Meghalaya Gambling Rules 2021 by repealing the Meghalaya Prevention of Gambling Act of
Governor Lt Gen KT Parnaik of Arunachal Pradesh has advised the army chiefs to encourage the youth of the state to join the army. local sons were to receive benefits for military service.
“After it was confirmed that the headquarters of the new district will be in Sohra, on that day I felt that it was a victory because although I am not an MLA or MDC, I want to fight with the people of Sohra. .
The border guards denied the report, but said five ISIS militants had entered the state border early Friday morning.
According to reports, the three students were leaving their school in a motorcycle number AS-01-EJ-7870, which was leaving Sunapur and They were on their way to Guwahati, but when they reached the Jorabat Bridge, the motorcycle collided with a truck number NL-01-AE-1 brought about the tragedy.
On the other hand, Pilestar Nongsiej said that the Kynrewmylla Adventure Training Center & Eco-Tourism Center near Mawranglang Viewpoint is not only a tourist attraction but also one of the places to provide training. for young people who wish to come for training in tourism, to help others (Rescue Team) to learn how to become rock climbers (Rock Climbing, Mountaineering and others).
However, most of these are only named in the article while in reality, it does not match the number of employees as shown in the RTI. people who appear only in name.
When the team went to clean up, they found that instead of less synrum, there was more and more.
During the programme, the best performers under NRLM, Anganwadi workers under ICDS and beneficiaries were honoured. benefits in the “Meri Kahaani Meri Zubaani” section of this programme.
However, if my post on facebook has helped to feed those in need, these articles that make me famous, I don't care if it has brought benefit to those who are suffering.
They include 4 others, 3 soldiers and 5 BSF personnel. Two of the recoveries are from East Khasi Hills and are civilians.
KSU Nongthymmai Circle together with Tramline Badminton Academy opened the Khasi Badminton Tournament 2023 at the Indoor Stadium of Nongthymmai Sports Club on Tuesday.
They will be ready to mine uranium when the earth is calm.
According to information received, these nine policemen have been dismissed for not taking action to guard the residence of the Minister at Lamphel, Imphal. .
The purpose of registering the goods is for the JHADC to start implementing the Odd and Even numbers so that the vendors will have the opportunity to sell their goods after the reopening of the market. They have to follow the guidelines laid down by the government to combat the spread of COVID-19 by reducing the crowds in the market places.
Often the husband does not live together because he himself is young and perhaps does not have a job.
Shillong, Jymmang, 21: BSF troops in several raids conducted on the 20th of this month, 2024, have successfully foiled attempts to smuggle smugglers in Phensedyl and sugar were seized from the India-Bangladesh border.
(I Cor.7:3-4).
The residents of these areas also said that there has been a strong explosion of weapons in the mining of coal which has destroyed the houses.
He sees that our country and nation does not see this threat at all.
Regarding these issues, the village leaders said that they will soon submit a letter to the DC of West Khasi Hills, who should take immediate action.
We also urge the government that if it introduces any bill or ordinance please inform and convene a meeting of all the political parties in the state but it should be convened at the same time and at the same place. so that we can give the best advice on how to protect the nation from danger.
He said that this will only work if the government does not introduce the ILP Act in the Assembly which ends on Tuesday.
Shillong, Nailur 5: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills (KSU) has strongly condemned the allegation by the police that two youths from Trongpleng are members of the KSU.
The Minister also praised the work of the state government in the development of dairy industry and said that Meghalaya is the state which provides the highest amount of money to those working in this industry. long T 42 per litre.
According to sources, the incident happened several days ago but the body of the man was recovered on Tuesday.
It is learned that those involved in the vehicle industry have laid off 15,000 employees, while there are 100,000 employees who manufacture other equipment related to the vehicle industry. a few months ago.
“The NPP candidate says that he is like a foreign tree but the fruits of the foreign tree are fresh and fresh and it is true that these fruits of this NPP candidate have been sweet. They have also informed the people of Sohiong in the past five years,” said Bah HDR in an interview with the media.
“I don't think it's right to talk about the age difference and it's a fact that two people have differences in age, circumstances, background and culture as well, but these need to be understood and accepted as they are.
Shillong, Lber 03: The Budget Session of the State Legislative Assembly has started today and it is the first time in the history of the Legislative Assembly that an MLA has been in jail while the Legislative Assembly is in session.
However, he did not give any information on how and for what reason the fire broke out.
When the four seasons follow without interruption, when the rain falls in order.
The road has 3 large bridges, 34 small bridges, 441 tunnels, 2 toll plazas and 17 parking lots.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 06: The State Government has decided to review the performance of Civil Hospitals and District Hospitals across the country. The state within 36 months besides meeting the shortage of doctors by providing higher salaries.
On the same day, awards were distributed to the students who passed well in the SSLC examination this year.
Speaking to reporters, the Congress candidate from Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, Bah Bajop Pyngrope, said that if he wins the election, he will work together with the MLA for the election. good for the welfare of the whole community.
If the Government of Meghalaya is not vigilant against the emergence of insurgent groups on the border, once again the Pnars will have to face the same persecution as in the past years and at that time the Government will have to Take responsibility if bloodshed in the field and the time will come when ethnic conflict will lead even to the point of bloodshed.
Jayasuriya reached the milestone in the ninth Test to break the record set by West Indies player Alf Valentine.
Because it was Sunday, many people were eager to come to the place to extinguish the fire at the beginning.
Furthermore, in connection with the preparations for Behdieñkhlam, as usual every year, the Dorbar Niam of Raij Jowai under the supervision of the Dolloi as the Head of Religious Affairs of the Elaka on Friday held a Knia Khang ceremony. Once a year, the Soo Dwar Sooluti and Tawiar Takan, who are the Ryngkew, stand to protect the Shnong of the Raij from the tyrut, the smer, the evil and the smeh in various forms.
Furthermore, the Dorbar Shnong has warned the residents not to commit any crime against the household of Nijanduh Phawa.
The presence of 2,750 tonnes of ammunition was reportedly known to Lebanese government officials, including President Michael Aoun.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the government will hold the Farmers' Parliament every year.
When you have the power vested in you by the Constitution, why be afraid to use it? How can we do good to the people by properly implementing the laws against those who rob the citizens? The government will only receive praise from the people if it goes in the right direction and punishes the perpetrators of illegal activities.
He said the central and state governments cannot circumvent the rules ‘which mean that those in government can withdraw money, but no’.
He said that regarding the Mawsynram Market, Riangdo Market Complex and the Bishop Falls Tourist Spot, Mawlai, the work is in progress.
What is more worrying for them as teachers who have been dismissed is the issuance of an order by the State Government on 18th November, 2022 that 157 teachers who have been dismissed will no longer be able to I don't want to go to the Government.
Speaking after the meeting, the Minister expressed her appreciation for the hard work of the department to provide and improve the health of the residents.
The President of the Seng Samla, said that after the company started opening the shop on the 1st of this month, the SSMN after an emergency meeting of the EC held on On the 2nd of this month, it has sent a letter to the Rangbah Shnong to clarify who has approved and what are the terms and conditions of the approval and also the soskular, which has been signed with the number of employees in the store.
Local MLA of Khliehriat Constituency, Shri Kyrmen Shylla.
Isaiah 43:1–7.
The appointment of this group is part of the implementation of the Summer Action Plan by the state government.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Mission (HYC, HANM, JSM, EJNC and CORP) in a meeting and letter informed the CEM of Jaintia Hills District Council, Tuli Ram Ronghang, Chief Executive Member, Karbi Anglong Autono mous Council (K.A.A.C.) wrote on social media, “We will not compro mise with the territory integrity of Karbi Anglong, not even an inch of land will be given away to illegal settlers”.
It is worth mentioning that the Longkmie had left for Guwahati on the 5th to work in a household, but on the 10th she suddenly disappeared without knowing where she was. until I found it yesterday.
“There can be no MP from here who can advocate, to convince other MPs in Parliament, than an MP from the right party, who cannot convince only his fellow MPs from the same party,” he said. added.
There will also be a lucky draw where the first place winner will win a Scorpio, the second place winner will win a cash prize of 20,000 tyngka and the third place winner will win a cash prize. thousand pieces of silver.
Syiem said the allegations that the Congress will not be able to win are wrong, as the contest in 2023 will be between the National People's Party, the United Democratic Party and the Congress. The All India Trinamool Congress can win seats only in Garo Hills, but in Khasi Jaintia it will be difficult for them to win seats.
If you have any problems with me, come with your real name,” she said, adding that the more they talked, the stronger she became.
We have to understand here that the NPP needs the number while Bah Hamlet wants the money,” he said.
The government had approved the dry process in 2006 to start the dry process.
There are 21,757 foreigners who have inner line permits (ilp) in Mizoram and these include 135 foreigners who have permits valid for two years, said Lalchamliana. Minister of Home Affairs of Mizoram today in the State Legislative Assembly.
The three injured are residents of neighboring Mizoram.
In a statement, AKHAF General Secretary Clivestar Ch.
Where is the T.23 lakh tyngka for the land in Byrnihat? Those involved should be punished whether they are former or current CEMs. Adelbert Nongrum should also be punished.
It may be the only constituency in the state where there are up to three people's leaders who have come out to contest for the victory.
If you buy a car or a car, you have to pay taxes to the government.
The reason for the increase in poverty in our state is the government's budget shortfall, followed by the ban on coal mining, then the ban on quarrying, shyiap mining, pomdieng pom siej and others. many barriers to other employment opportunities.
Therefore, they conducted a search operation in the area where the field of the woman was located and found the body of the woman which was suspected to have been murdered.
Jayalalithaa had asked not to be admitted to the hospital as she was not feeling well, but she was not allowed and said that she would be examined by the doctors in the jail. , that she should be taken to the hospital, they will decide from the prison.
The Israelites and the inhabitants of Jerusalem and Palestine put their trust in Jesus and his works.
This was decided by the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government at its Cabinet meeting held on Tuesday.
He said that KHNAM intends to field candidates in all the seven vacant constituencies but it has left it to the election committees to do whatever is necessary.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: Two matches of the SSA 2nd Division Football League 2023 played at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium today ended in a draw. In the second match, Nongkrem SC won.
On the closing ceremony, a program was held to congratulate the graduates by Bah P.Chullet as the Chief Guest and Pastor D.Tang as the Chief Guest. The meeting was conducted by Bah Pyndap Muksor who is the owner of the training centre.
In the petition, the KSU leaders have asked the state government and the district chiefs what they are doing about the continuation of Assam to build development works in the villages in the area. These include the stadium at Umlaper which has already been completed, the wall fencing of the stadium which is still ongoing, the wall fencing of the Forest Department at Madan Umwang which is still under construction, the roads of Assam. and many other development projects of the Assam Government and the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council, which are still in progress.
“The government through the livestock department should create opportunities to provide assistance to those affected,” said Bah Sawkmie.
The owner spoke to Peter like this.
Nongpoh: Leaders and members of the FKJGP Sohkhwai Unit together with the RBYF 20Mer Circle, in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnongs of the area, on Saturday, held a rally for the repair of the bad road. The road from Paham to Sohkhwai is about 5 kilometers long.
According to the KHNAM candidate, the indigenous people should elect the indigenous party which stands to protect their rights and not like other parties like the Congress which is ruled by foreigners.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, advised and urged everyone to avoid child marriage.
Rupang.com is investigating the incident and will publish the full story tomorrow.
The fourth commandment is, in the areas where there is no jaiur, shisamoit u jaiur, half hand of sying bah, half hand of sying makhir, cut and put in a bottle filled with water and used as directed. In the commandment to cleanse and drink nine symbols of Jaiur, a slate of syieng heh, a slate of sying makhir, and a shamoit of umngap in a glass of water.
Announcing this at Shillong Press Club on Tuesday, Angelus Sun President of the Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya (MTAM) said that these athletes will leave their home state on the 9th of July
The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills , Ripnar Lyngdoh , said that although the incident happened on the 9th of this month I received another information on the 10th from the MLA of Mawkyrwat who is also the Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh.
Everyone makes mistakes and should be corrected in the right way and not just trying to find and dig for mistakes.
He added that he and Bah Nongkynrih will work together for the development of the village in any field.
If you buy our vote, we will get a corrupt government for three years, so don't expect anything else from the MLAs you have elected.
After the nurses had finished examining, they said that the time of birth was 2:30 pm and they said that the baby was already dead inside the womb. They went and slept in the place where they were staying.
Throughout the day, a tablet was unveiled by Rev. AT Sohliya and a souvenir was launched by Rev. BR Pamshong followed by the unfurling of the Jubilee flag.
The State Government has increased the interest rate by 4% from the Fiscal Year 2021-2022 and KCC borrowers will no longer have to pay interest on KCC loans. The second Food Show will be held in January
The Juvenile Justice Act cannot use the word arrest, but the word apprehend and cannot handcuff children and when questioned children cannot be handcuffed. “It's a good idea to inform the District Child Protection Unit and take it to the Juvenile Justice Board (JJB),” said Sneha while speaking as an expert at a meeting between police and journalists at the Interactive Session on Juvenile Justice. (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2015.
A statement from the President and Secretary said that the Rangbah Shnong has allowed only the relatives of the Secretary and those on his side to speak at the meeting.
Charm is deceitful, and beauty is fleeting.
The group, which includes Jennie, Jisoo, Rose and Lisa, has made a name for itself with its songs and dances.
From the husband, children and all relatives.
The Academic Council is the supreme authority in all aspects of academic education, including the date/year/session for the implementation of the new curriculum, in accordance with the NEHU Act, Statutes and Ordinances. These rules are for the benefit of the University, the students and the State of Meghalaya as a whole.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: On the morning of the 21st July this year, a tragic incident has shocked many churches especially the residents of Sohra area. To the east, the Cherra Presbyterian School in Nongsawlia has caught fire and destroyed the old buildings of the school.
The clash between the GNLA and the police took place at Agreng village where the patrol police were first attacked by the GNLA members who had already hidden themselves.
Knowledge is the key to a brighter future.
Speaking at the distribution, the Convener of the group, Bah Joplin Muktieh, said that there are more than 50 members of the group including Village Leaders, Church Leaders, Ki Pro Pastor, Teachers, Elders, Women and Youth who contributed.
The meeting was unsuccessful and the teachers announced that they will continue their strike.
Regarding the initiative of the government through the PWD department to improve or clean up the road, the Acting Sirdar of Raid Madan Kyrdem, Bah Pholning Makdoh, said that the government has taken the initiative to improve or clean up the road. The Raid leaders are very happy to see the signs that the government has started to improve this road. The Acting Sirdar of Raid Madan Kyrdem said that the road has been badly damaged.
The people will decide who will win.
It is to be recalled that the issue of district demand in Sohra, which has been pending since 2018, has started to stir up once again after the NPP leaders recently visited a leader from Sohra, Bah Alan. West Kharkongor to contest the 2023 election from this party.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah HDR Lyngdoh praised the management of Mairang Presbyterian Academy Secondary School for their responsibility to serve as teachers to improve education in the area.
At the same time, he said that the training center has helped the youth to avoid the addiction to alcohol and drugs. The first question is 'to be disciplined, the second to be punctual and the third to be responsible'
Sunil Jakhar, Congress president in Punjab, has been defeated by Sunny Deol in Gurdaspur and has offered to resign as party president in Punjab.
The event was also attended by Bah MK Kharmudai District Project Manager of Basin, Leaders of the Producer Group, Bah Ribansing Nongbsap as President, Secretary, Village Leaders, and others. old man.
KHNAM has shown the reduction in the price of petrol within 7 months starting from 1st November, 2014 where the price of petrol has been T.73.75, diesel has been T.58.48 but only within On 1st July, 2015, petrol price has been increased to &.72.64 per liter while diesel has increased to 59.05 per liter.
He said that the union is ready to work together with the CEM who has been ready to take the time to meet with the village leaders in Ri Bhoi. As the Secretary of the KHADC, u All the Village Leaders from different villages are requested to attend the event on the 12th October 2024 at the District Library Hall Nongpoh. “This is the special visit of the CEM to meet with the Village Leaders of Ri Bhoi,” he added.
“I don’t want to live anymore.
The Government should not give any time for 10 days so that the vendors will not be disappointed.
John expressed his regret over the way the Prime Minister has condemned this by saying it is unpleasant, this is not the way, it is wrong and the Christian community should strongly condemn.
When asked whether the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, needs to resign if he wants to contest the election before the election, the EM said that under the Hima Mylliem Act, There is a rule that the Acting Syiem must first step down from the throne or throne if he wants to contest the election before the election and he can contest the election.
The Government has done this because any officers who have worked for more than two years in the same post have to be dismissed before the election as this is the order of the Election Commission of India.
“This is unpleasant, if you want to shout, shout anywhere where there is no meeting, don't speak in a place where there is no meeting,” he said. Honor, because this is not the custom of the Khasi, even those on the part of the VPP who are stupid, as if the flood is about to fall and end, they will shout, talk and criticize, the meaning is like that.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: After three women complained about their information through the Information Act, Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of the 19th Shillong Constituency has appointed his children and relatives. Laban MDC Ricky Shullai, who is currently serving as Peon of the Legislative Assembly, today met with reporters to clarify the matter.
Shillong, March 25: UDP MDC Bah Teinwel Dkhar on Tuesday said that the news that the Charman and Deputy Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be removed from office if they do not resign. lad newspaper.
He said that after the issuance of the order, it had to be suspended again because the DSC does not have the authority to make the roster but the government departments or line departments which should have done the work have been directed to do so. meetings and trainings on how to prepare the Roster, but so far no government department has prepared the Roster.
Shillong, June 9: After announcing the death of Vinod Khanna, the BJP has alleged that the mistake was due to the spread of news on social media.
He also emphasized on the signs of success that can be seen through the parents' upbringing and care in the best way and the education of children through teachings that bring happiness to the children. healthy foods.
The Rangbah Shnong of Laitumkhrah, Andrew J Jyrwa, said that the presence of kharmetor in Sweeper Lane within the boundary of Lumsohra, Laitumkhrah has become a threat to the village and has also become a hotbed of drug trafficking. that works evil.
This is my promise to everyone......," said Abhishek while speaking at the meeting.
Two of the deceased were sitting in the wooden coffin while three others who were not inside were trapped in the coffin which fell from above and weighed about 1 ton. .
The DC said that as it was a bright sky, they reached the top of Mawthadraishan and visited the place. and he stood on the Mount of Olives.
He has been the Pastor in charge of the Bible since 2006 and has been the Bible Supervisor of the KJP Western Synod. He has also been the moderator of the Mairang Presbytery.
This comes after they beat Wahiajer 1-0 at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Monday.
The ICMR also said that if patients wish to complete the test or even be given the COVID-19 vaccine, it should be at the discretion of the relatives who send them for treatment.
“While the protest is still going on, it doesn't matter but if it causes injury and loss, it doesn't matter,” said the new Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court. organizations.
Speaking to media, the President of the Seng Samla Shnong Ïew Mawlong, Dr. Aristone Rynsongsngi said, “The main purpose of this competition is to encourage the youth to fight for the sake of cleanliness and cleanliness. We have given them a reward by weighing the weight of the garbage they have collected.
He also thanked the Meghalaya Basketball Association for their involvement in organizing the tournament.
In his speech to the students of the college, Dr.D.K.B.
However, in the work of public administration, such problems arise, because it is necessary to do the right to allow others, including the private sector.
Andrew stressed that the crowd of land vendors is uncontrollable on the footpaths from Laitumkhrah to the Fire Brigade.
The resignation of the Singh MLAs has brought about a stir and a threat to the future of Khaddar rule in our Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
Now we don't claim to be the owners of the land but we don't see that that ownership is only on paper and only for the benefit of ourselves or our families especially those in power.
“If I have a child who is not sick, I don't worry about it, but now I have to look after my sick child and how can I treat him if the DC is still in trouble? don't let me drive the parking lot".
“All researchers should follow the guidelines related to the research area and the method of organizing the findings should also be appropriate for the benefit of the readers.
And if it destroys the Garo people as it is now, it will destroy the Khasi-Jaintia people as well.
State Secretary MBS&G, State Head Quarter, Shillong as the chief guest, Kong S Tariang, District Commissioner (G) West Jaintia Hills as the chief guest, Ma Ohiwot Laloo, District Secretary MBS&G, West Jaintia Hills, Scouts Master and Guides Captain.
It was the missionaries from Wales who brought Christianity here in Khasiland as we know it, but the celebration of Christmas is the one we follow in the Christian world.
Nongpoh: A group of leaders of the Dorbar Shnong of Ri-Bhoi District, today met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, to discuss several issues. discussion, in order to fight against COVID-19 and prevent its spread to the villages.
The opening ceremony was attended by CEM JHADC Thombor Shiwat, Mawhati MLA Dasakhiatbha Lamare, JHADC Dy CEM Lasky Rymbai, JHADC EM Winning Garland Sungoh and Robinus Syngkon. The meeting was attended by the DC and SP of West Jaintia Hills District, the Chairman and Secretary of the Market Managing Committee, Wahiajer, Kmen Shylla and W Phawa.
Regarding the road, Rgh Paia said that it is in good condition from the gate to the top of the hill. go and inspect the well and on the hillside so that the preparation is adequate.
Meghalaya's Ibitlang Thabah scored 12 runs while Kishan Lyngdoh scored 16 runs and Rohit Shah 31 runs.
The SSA's decision allows up to five players from SPL clubs to be on loan.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising FKJGP, KSU and Namdong Area Waheh Shnong Union has called off the protest in front of Namdong PHC today after the health department appointed two staff. nurse in this hospital.
In the last 10 years, the Modi Government has invested Rs 81,000 crore in railways, Rs 48,000 crore in roads and constructed 5196 km of roads in the North East under the Bharat Mala project. .
Meanwhile, S Ramadori, Chairman of the National Skills Development Agency (NSDA), said that this training center is for the youth of the state.
This is the scheme for 2009-1
The police have forcibly entered and assaulted the school children whom I send to school and I allege that they too are involved in the assault,” said Marak.
Therefore, it is impossible to send away the children who are young and those who are still in the seventh or ninth grade.
Jongksha opened the scoring in the 45th minute through Jorboklang Khongsngi.
A similar shortage in this regard was reported in the enrollment of girls in primary schools in the last five years which ranged from 41.98 lakh to 39.80 lakh.
Chanmitre Dkhar of Lion Sports and Youth Affairs, who has scored six goals in the tournament, was named top scorer this season.
Through his magic, he has taken up to Rs 22,000 crore of money of the people of the country abroad with the help of Nirav Modi.
“When the price of petrol increases and the roads deteriorate and others, they are silent but when the Sengbhalang holds protests to protect the nation, they come out to mislead the people,” he said. The FKJGP. The holding of the iatem iaput festival at Khyndai Lad, has shown that they have received nothing from the government which has made them its agents.
“Although uranium is a precious and expensive mineral, if it is allowed to be mined, it will be a threat to the nation and future generations,” said the NESO chief. “The purpose of this day is to encourage the indigenous people to stand against the central government's plan to mine uranium in West Khasi Hills district,” said former KSU president Bah Samuel Jyrwa.
Ma Lahkmen said that out of the nine colleges selected as People's Colleges, three are from Jaintia Hills including Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat and Shangpung College as well as Nongtalang College.
She said that once the party has qualified for the MP election, it has to visit every village as much as possible within the few months left before the election.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has demanded that the Enforcement Directorate (ED) should investigate the case.
It is also alleged that the robbers robbed and beat the women who were in the area and several of them were injured in the attack.
The incident happened in Ladthadlaboh, Dongmihsngi, Mynthong, Mission Compound and other places.
I don't want to say anything about this.
The road from Pongtung to Lyngkhat has been closed for more than two years since the old color was removed.
The investigation team released a statement along with photographs of 45 people accused of damaging the High Commission in London.
And, behold, the publican, who was lying on the bed, sat down opposite him.
Nongpoh, July 06: The implementation of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) has been announced today at Umshit village in Ri Bhoi District. to open the Water Storage Tank of the village, which was constructed under the MGNREGA of 2015/2016 at a cost of T.8 Lakh.
Crimson Group This insect, known scientifically as Coccus Ilicis, is now found in the Mediterranean Sea and mostly in Israel.
On Friday, a post-mortem was conducted at Umiam and a complaint was lodged with the Lumdiengjri Police Station on 3rd October regarding the disappearance of the man.
Bah Nongsbap was arrested on charges of involvement in burning petrol in a vehicle in Umsning during the protest to demand the reinstatement of two women who were suspended from MUDA in Byrnihat.
Matthew 24:8.
The cut off year will be for the Under – 14 Age Group who were born before 30-11-2008 or after 29-11-2
He said that during his inspection of the villages across the country from the urban villages to the remote villages, he found that the proper implementation of the Dorbar Shnongs The 1000 days scheme has been a great blessing to the people, especially to those who are most vulnerable.
Here, the children under the age of 16 discussed with each other the issue that affects their future by saying that leaders die at a good age but in They will die partly due to the impact of the environment through carbon dioxide emissions from factories, vehicles and others, as well as the loss of of the forests.
Why I say this is because the roads from the National Highways to the local artery roads that pass through the localities are still too narrow because of the houses. Shops/ Offices/ Schools/ Churches etc. who have been authorized to build houses up to the roadsides have banned the construction of roads because there will be no Government order to destroy such houses. as it is now, except in the event of a dictatorship like Hitler's which can be used by force if necessary.
The bodies of these two persons were brought to Jowai this morning and handed over to their relatives for the last rites.
Fresh Kills Dumpsite, New York.
The drivers of jyrngam vehicles also vowed that tomorrow they will go to earn money as usual and if the police still arrest them they will also show force by blocking the iong rong stem vehicles from going to the villages. They said that they will start from the Umshyrpi Bridge where they will not allow stem vehicles to climb beyond the Umshyrpi Bridge to Upper Shillong.
When trying to talk to some of the passengers, they said that the road is a big problem especially the water flow in these wells and the road is also terrible.
“However, this plan has not gone as it should and now at this time, when we look back at these projects, we find that they are no longer adequate,” he said.
The winners of the Painting, Slogans Writing and Football Friendly Match between Lifecare Foundation and Hangne ​​Don Jingkhermen Hi were also awarded certificates.
In addition, it is not necessary to train the public on the road without a Zebra Crossing.
Legend has it that the god Janus is important because he shows and paves the way between war and peace.
By Joiningstar RongrinEveryone knows what the word "Leader" means.
According to Dr Mawtoh, the district administration has acknowledged that there are people who intend to register their names as voters who are illegal and such have been immediately rejected.
Although the JN Stadium in Polo is still under renovation, the SSA Stadium or SAI Training Center can host the Durand Cup for the first time in the city.
“The party has its own working methods, we have to follow the rules because one person cannot just announce the names of the candidates.
When the BSF stopped the investigation, he expressed his regret by admitting that he is a veterinary doctor.
The union also expressed its anger over the appointment of temporary employees in the office. It condemned the office's claim that they are only temporary employees. examination will become permanent employees of the office.
Other speakers included the father of the Pa'iem, Pynshngain N Syiem, Mansturdy Nongrem, Latiplang Kharkongor, John F Kharshiing and other leaders of the Bhowal Hima.
Outside are the dogs, the sorcerers, the sorcerers, the murderers, the idolaters, and everyone who loves and lies" Revelation 22:14-1
“When I was fighting against Bah HDR Lyngdoh, it was different from Bah Synshar Lyngdoh, because Bah Synshar doesn't even know his own office bearers because he is new,” he said.
However, if they submit, they will be examined first and if they do not submit, they may be dismissed.
Jowai, Jymmang 21: The Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday held a Rajya Award Testing Camp at the District Headquarters, Jowai.
ASHA workers are women who serve at the forefront of the poor in rural areas.
The UOC said that police have taken her to court today and she is now in judicial custody for further investigation.
Also present on the occasion was Bah J.Khyriem as the chief guest, and in his speech he encouraged and encouraged the youth to train themselves and work hard to achieve their goals. Prepare yourself especially for the upcoming National and International Championships.
He said that many of the people of Garo Hills will join the BJP soon.
He said that the office has not been stingy at all, but the office itself has taken a little responsibility, in order to pay the money quickly, as soon as it receives the share from the government.
Referring to the High-Level community, Bah Tynsong said that this statement is wrong and untrue.
Besides, it was also found that many shops run by foreigners have not renewed their Trading Licenses since 2010 and this shows that they have opened their shops without a license until now.
Throughout the day, the family of Kong Marian Maring and Paralad Toor also distributed blankets to the poor families as a Christmas and New Year gift to the poor families. they did not fall into the Marmain area.
“Therefore, any traffic jam on this road will lead to heavy traffic jam and thousands of passengers, office workers, tourists will be severely affected. .
By Sunday evening, the water level in Umïam Lake had risen to 3,170 feet.
On the other hand, Bah Kharkrang said that the police will not forgive anyone if they find private individuals trying to take advantage for personal gain during this time of crisis. .
Through this victory, Shillong Lajong have also become unbeaten in this tournament along with Mohammedan Sporting.
To demand from the Government/Hima Mylliem to provide land to the Union to set up or build a youth center to assist the work of the Youth Organisations.
This was announced by the members of CCORMAU after a meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah today.
In a society where men are the heads, it is difficult for these three women to live alone.
First of all, I ask you who read this letter to pray earnestly at home that God will protect us from the plague as He delivered the Israelites from the plague in ancient Egypt.
[continued page 7] [in the photo of Emyrys Dkhar]On 17th November 2015, Risa Talang, 11 years old, daughter of Silda Talang from Nongjngi Khliehshnong, went missing from the house of Agnes Dkhar. you don't have to go to Lad Sutnga.
Only 5 percent of attention and time goes to pleasure.
Therefore, if the hospital tries to cheat, it will not show any notice of the patient's death in the IT system.
The War Jaintia Students' Union (WSU) has postponed the lucky draw for the 1st War Jaintia Scholarship
Another scientist, Daniel Bowman, sent these balloons to fly into outer space, which is powered by the sun's rays.
!" Rida replied.
Therefore, now is the time for everyone to call upon the Lord to pray and plead for forgiveness from Him, because we live in an uncertain world, when will death come as we have seen? it is happening right now all over the world.
His closest friend was Jawaharlal Nehru , who used to see Radhakrishnan 's actions in the House . Nehru once quoted these precious words Rajya Sabha , he had made the meetings of the House look like family gatherings…".
The meeting was attended by government officials from Uttarakhand, UP, Bihar, Jharkhand and West Bengal.
They will stay for about two months to assist their fellow members, said the CBI chief. The Calcutta High Court, comprising Abhijit Gangopadhyay and Biswajit Basu, who were involved in the hearing on the existence of corruption in connection with the illegal employment.
Both the parties are working together to prepare for the LS elections. Mawthoh said the HSPDP has postponed the election to issue the proposal and the decision has already been taken. These two parties will jointly elect the candidates for the Shillong Parliamentary seat.
Sanbor's remarks came after Sanbor alleged that the Sitting Congress MP from Shillong, Vincent H Pala, has never done anything for the constituency but has spent his time in the constituency for three years. in Parliament.
He was treated at the BSF Composite Hospital, Umpling, but was taken to the Civil Hospital after he was found to be suffering from breathing problems and severe cough.
The Meghalaya High Court has ordered the PHE to clean up the water before distributing it to the public otherwise it will be punished by the law. .
All this is not going to happen, but even so we shouldn't worry.
He also urged the Meghalaya government to take action and send security forces to the residents of the area to prevent the construction of this road. If the Meghalaya government does not do anything, it will have to take responsibility.
Shillong, Lber 05: The Superintendent of Police (SSP) East Khasi Hills District today announced a ban on heavy vehicles in Sohra and Mawphlang on the 8th, 9th and 10th of this month from 6 pm to 10 pm. by 11 o'clock tonight.
The UDP will continue to be a thyrnia that has to follow the leadership of the NPP.
Shillong, June 10 : U John Khongjee, father of Welkin Stone Shadap, Asia Book of Records Award winner, said that his son now has a desire to break the World Championship. He needed to travel 235 kilometers in 24 hours to break the world record.
The speakers from all the leaders of the Sengbhalang expressed one voice to stand together and work together as one nation for the sake of the border, the country and the nation.
“The NGT has also set up a committee to prepare plans to ensure that the mining of coal in the state will not affect the floods and wind.
Sanbor said that his meeting with the CEM today was successful as the CEM promised not to postpone the work but to move forward immediately.
In Shillong, the increase in the number of drug users has increased and even in districts that have never been known before, there are now many drug users and those who have become addicted to drugs. -katta to the society.
In South West Garo Hills, 13 stadiums have been constructed including Malchapara Ground for T.59.60 lakh, Dombunaringgre Ground for T.22.442 lakh and Johnjonagre Ground for T.13.44 lakh. improvement of Aruagre Ground T.7.11 lakh, improvement of Ballonggre Ground T.15.74 lakh, improvement of Purasinga Ground T.35.93 lakh, improvement of Bandaraja Nokat Ground T.12.81 lakh, improvement of Bandalkona Ground T. 15.69 lakh, improvement of Chigitchakgre ground T.10.86 lakh, improvement of Godalgre ground T.10.70 lakh, improvement of Ajongggre ground T.25.8 lakh, improvement of Rongbakgre ground, Betasing T.10.87 lakh, and improvement of T.11.25 lakh.
This prayer of blessing should not be misunderstood as the liturgy of the Sacrament of Confirmation of the Catholic Church.
According to the order signed by the Additional Chief Secretary, Magistrate's Courts, State Government Offices and Schools, Colleges and other educational institutions will be closed on that day.
During her stay in the state during the elections, Guenauer said she attended the election campaign meetings of various political parties, ethnic parties and national parties. Election campaigns were held in public market places and the people stood for many hours to listen to the election campaign speakers.
It is completely different, the Sixth Schedule is one, the ILP is another.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Rynjah, Bah CK Pasi, said that the RR Colony falls under the Rynjah but the Deputy Commissioner's office has been slow to issue a letter to prove that it falls under the Rynjah. the conduct of the Dorbar Shnong of Rynjah.
What these two show to the world that they are physically fit is the love of each other and the time to talk from time to time like brothers and sisters. disable.
The lyrics were composed by Riquomaa Rq.Laloo, the music was composed by B4nshan and the label was written by TMPros.
Shillong: A strong earthquake and a loud noise have shocked many people in the villages and towns at 12 noon this morning.
Dr Mukul said it is incomprehensible that at such a time when the entire country is in dire straits, but the Meghalaya government has decided to increase the the Value Added Tax on Petrol and Diesel to fill the government's budget.
“The Trinamool Congress is a party that works for the people and therefore this government which has been in power for the past five years should be changed.
There are 18,42,163 voters in the state who will take part in the election of which more than 80,000 have just registered this year.
Referring to a video which is also one of his speeches in previous years regarding the reservation policy, he said that this has shown clearly that Bah Paul Lyngdoh, has The reservation policy has been in place for 20 years.
“When he left the place by truck, I was very sad and I wished that he would never go to America, but he will come and seek me.
In the final match of the day, Mookyrdup beat Khliehmyntdu 2-0
Forwards: Ningthoukhongjam Rishi Singh, Ahongshangbam Samson, Lairenjam Bharat, Airborlang Kharthangmaw.
“The recruitment of members of the rebel groups has been stopped and many members have surrendered,” he said.
The other two, Bah PT Sawkmie MLA Mawlai and Bah Mayralborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh, have been able to reach the UDP headquarters.
Vincent H Pala said that he has no desire to contest the 2023 elections, but he wants to work for the party because he wants to put the party first. He said that he is happy to be in Delhi, because he is better able to convey the needs of the people and to provide many benefits to the people of the state.
However, many of us don't understand how to protect ourselves, but those who have been infected at home or who have been infected themselves really understand the dangers of this terrible disease.
The chief guest on the occasion was Ma Deibormi Syad, President of Khliehriat Block Congress Committee.
This ceremony is part of the thanksgiving to Lei Langdoh for the blessings received and also part of the consecration of the children of the Raij to the Mother Nature which has poured out blessings in all aspects.
After the company did not listen, the people did not want to show their work.
There are some people who say that they are afraid to take this medicine because they don't know how this medicine works.
Besides, she said it would be better to leave such issues in the hands of the Legislative Assembly where these and other related issues can be discussed.
It is learned that the bus stand was stolen after 10 months of construction and it is a building with expensive items worth about T.10 lakh.
She said the government is ready to ensure that the curfew will not disturb the people.
He encouraged Amebalaker Wanniang to be a young man who will endure and persevere in this training program so that it will be a hope and blessing for his future and when he goes to participate. in the games he will be able to bring glory to himself, his family, the village, the district, the state and the country as a whole.
But when he is in trouble and distress, those who love and honor him will leave him alone.
Shillong: Children who have not been injected in the past few months will have their results withheld, according to an order issued by the District School Education Officer, East Khasi Hills District today.
You can contact the office of the District Social Welfare Officer Jowai.
Ma Sunday Morning passed away on the 10th July 22nd and the funeral service will be held tomorrow at the Catholic Church Jowai at 1 pm.
Speaking on the road, the Minister said that the government has taken great care of the road, as it has benefited hundreds of villages in the area. also the road connecting with Assam.
Out of the 120 auditions, Chwa Syiemlieh Film Production has selected all of them because the film needs many people especially women.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 83384 out of which 81351 have recovered and 1446 have died.
We cannot live without going to work, but we need to be thoughtful and clean and follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to wash hands, not to gather in crowded places, to wear masks and JSU Nartiang Circle has extended its helping hand to the children of World Mission Children Home, Nartiang by distributing food items on Tuesday.
“The article will include a notice issued by the Higher and Technical Education Office (DHTE) which announced that Aadhaar should be available when filling up application forms. “I don't know what to do with Aadhaar,” said Pastor Basaiawmoit.
“To me, Wanbok, go and get us...” Father ordered. Wanbok went to prepare for them.
The ANC has accused Zuma of tarnishing South Africa's democracy and defaming the party, formerly led by Nelson Mandela.
The village has also submitted a petition to the Prime Minister for many needs related to the area.
Furthermore, to improve the work, he stressed the need to provide information to the public.
On the other hand, the officer said that another reason for the death of poor women is due to poverty through child marriage.
Shillong, Nailur 24: Two women's organizations, the CSWO and the Khasi Women's Welfare and Development Association (KWWDA) will hold a protest rally tomorrow at the Additional Secretariat. starting from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
This shows that the TMC is weak and not that it is growing or becoming stronger.
““Since ancient times, this is our country, not because we live in Karbi, but because we live in Karbi.
He said that the Raid office bearers in collaboration with the village leaders, have no complaint or accusation against anyone on the deterioration of the road and this has led them to repair the damaged parts themselves. He urged the state government to improve the road so that it will be convenient for the people living in different villages in the area.
Shillong, Nailur 16: For many months now, some villages have been in darkness without electricity.
The minimum temperature in Shillong was 19.7 degrees Celsius, Sohra 21.0 degrees Celsius and Umiam 23.2 degrees Celsius.
“I have appealed to the Supreme Court to lift the NGT ban on coal mining because our state is a Scheduled Area.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Eldie N.Lyngdoh, Vice-President of FKJGP Central Body as the chief guest, expressed his gratitude to the youth who received this award which is one of the symbols of FKJGP Central Body. encouraging and encouraging them to strive and work harder in the days to come, because they live in these days of competition where educated people are increasing.
They requested the government authorities to build a complete road so that the farmers of this area can escape from the problems that plague them from time to time.
As soon as the incident happened, the people of Leila village rushed to the scene to help the injured.
In this regard, they urged the government to appoint them before the expiry of the term and said that they have already met with the MLA of Nongpoh, Dr DD Lapang to request They said that they have also met with the ADC of the district in Nongpoh, Bah PS Kharkongor, but till now they have not received any. letter of refusal.
Besides, the Khasi Subani language is very important in terms of cleanliness whether individuals or in the home, whether in the village or in the village as a whole.
After the elections there is a government and ministers.
The desire for quick wealth damages the relationships of living things and not only pollutes and destroys creatures but also strengthens the feeling of unwillingness or refusal to accept by those in authority. Environment.
To wear masks equally To keep a distance of at least 1 meter from each other To avoid crowding in one place/shop and not to spend too much time inside the shop.
They said that in terms of buying food, harvesting, they have to do this at their own expense and by their own strength.
The furnishings of the rooms are tables, chairs, and furniture.
Shillong, November 1: The Biometric Registration (NPR) will start from 1st November 2016 at Umling Block and also at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Nongpoh.
City have 41 points, Liverpool 36, Chelsea 31 and Arsenal
The epicenter of the quake was located in Shillong at latitude 25.63 north and longitude 91.95 east.
Therefore, the union urges the MePCL employees to take action to provide electricity to the area as it has affected everyone.
He said that all the women who took part in the dance were 'ki thei sot' while the men were clean.
The investigation team arrested Jain after the CBI filed a complaint against him in 2017 under the Prevention of Corruption Act.
"There have been seven rockets fired at Lebanon, but they have not reached the Israeli border," an Israeli military source said.
Joe Marwein, President FKJGP, said that the deadline will come into force from today and will end on Tuesday.
Modi also spoke about the opening of new hostels at IIM Campus in Ranchi and IIT-ISM, Dhanbad.
However, these have not yet happened because there is a party law and he confirmed that in the 2023 elections, the NPP party will be able to rule alone in the state.
On the other hand, Dr War said that the cause of the infection of the staff of the hospital will have to be investigated first because those who treat the patient have thought carefully about themselves and It is possible that these cases have been infected from the places where they live because some of them are from Mawbah.
Twenty-two groups including schools, Scouts & Guides and police took part in the parade.
However, he said, “When the Karuna Trust invited those patients to come and work in various PHCs, they did not ask for the syrnod and now immediately after so many years of work they have been dismissed. The job is difficult and unacceptable but on their part, they should give them enough time because it will be difficult for them to get jobs again because this is the job they have been doing for a long time. They have to think whether they will get jobs or not.
Shillong, Nailur 28: U Samla Donboklang Sawkmie, Publicity Secretary of KSU Mawlai Circle, has lodged a complaint against a policeman who assaulted him on Friday. With the participation of members of KSU Mawlai Circle.
Ma Balen Thubru, one of the leading leaders of truck owners, has been relieved of his post as President of the All Jaintia Hills Cement and Clinker Transporters Association (AJCCTA) effective 12th of this month.
As I said, at first we have three options, the first is that the Government should spend up to T.150 crore or nearly T.200 crore which we find very difficult for us to do”.
“Is the government willing to do so to prosecute those people who accuse it of corruption, this shows that they are not willing because they are involved in illegal activities and corruption,” he said.
If we think, according to my opinion at this time, is that India under the rule of the BJP, wants to bring about change, like CAA, One Nation One Election, One Nation One Language & One Religion, ter ter.
Shillong, Nailar 25: Three youths including 3 men and 2 women from Sohra area have been arrested while they were celebrating their wedding. because of an unfortunate incident that happened to them on Saturday night.
He said that his appeal to the people is why not waste their votes and vote for the BJP which will come to power and rule in the central government.
Besides, it was witnessed that even until late at night, fire trucks and police were still struggling to extinguish the blaze.
The area from Rangïar to Umstew is flat and flat.
“The Prime Minister has commended the leaders of the North East for taking steps to resolve and said that these are serious problems but even so the leaders of the North East Different States have raised their voices on this issue.
Both the examinations will be conducted by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) on 1st and 4th October.
A world without enemies and friends.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) South Khasi Hills Sohra (KSU) has launched a campaign against the Polo Orchid Hotel.
Dr Laloo said that after receiving a request from the management of the college, the government has decided to provide this land for the benefit of the people especially in the read books.
However, Bah Bedingstad Jyrwa, another daju, said that the meeting was called without prior notice.
The rally was held as part of the expression of condolences to the souls of the four brothers and sisters who were shot dead by the Assam police in Mukroh village.
Shillong, Nailar 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the first Bio Fertilizer Unit of the state at Kyem village, Mawphlang.
After years of Israel's apostasy from God, the Gentile kingdoms heard the good news of God, as Jesus said before His ascension – “You shall be witnesses of me both in Jerusalem and in Jerusalem; Judea, Samaria, and to the ends of the earth.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that the opening ceremony of the new court building will be a memorable day for the people of South West Garo Hills. righteous judgment is near to them.
Do you know what the workers there get paid for when these things that happen even here in the city cannot be stopped? Besides, we have the Water Resources Department which should look after the rivers and wells but they don't see anything.
We have more than T.3,000 crore to implement the JJM.
“It is good news to know that the mother who tested positive for COVID-19 has given birth to a baby boy and both of them are in good health,” said Bah AL Hek.
In another development, the Association of Nurses of India (TNA) has issued a statement to the President of the Association of Nurses of Meghalaya. (MGNSA) and Kharduit President TNAI said that after investigating into the allegations in various media regarding the incident at Ganesh Das Hospital, Shillong on the 30th of this month, a the mother, the statement said the nurse on duty was found to have carried out her duties as she was supposed to.
The Union leaders, in their speeches, recalled the issues that the KSU has raised in the past decade, including the railway line, the influx of mynder and also the issue of ILP and others.
Hurdles CC Mawsynram and Laitjem CC have reached the final of the tournament and will compete for the title at the Shortimai Syiem Stadium, Smit at 10 pm.
The Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA of Mawkynrew Constituency, was also present to witness the tournament. and to encourage the players on this day.
The Futsal Dream Team was instrumental in conducting the tournament.
She said that a newcomer to politics like Congress candidate Daryl will not be able to do anything to free the Garo people from the problems they are facing.
The order was issued after hearing a PIL filed against the construction of the river.
Even now, God is allowing people to repent.
“We have received a letter of invitation from the DC of EJH today and we feel that on our part as the Sengbhalang who stand for the welfare of the people and also of the country and the nation must respect this call for talks to discuss our demands and therefore we have decided to temporarily suspend our intention to announce a strong protest to force the KSU-JHDU General Secretary Bah SS Niangti said, “This suspension of our protest temporarily or within these 10 days or two days, does not mean that we We want to hear what the government has to say on our demands for the immediate repair of NH 44, and if the talks don't reach anywhere, we will announce immediately. “We have strongly protested to force the government to repair the NH 44,” said Treibha Rymbai, President FKJGP-Khliehriat Circle.
Shillong: Many people in the state have doubted whether they will get the Inner Line Permit (ILP) or the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation
Ephrin Phawa, 29, son of Kartic Singh, Deibor Sutnga, 31, son of (L) Albinud Bamon, Banjop Sukhalin, 25, son of Kartic Singh, Dkhiah East, you can claim Sukhalin from Khliehriat West.
Others present were Finelyness Bareh, MDC Rymbai-Khliehriat, District Sports Officer, Stephanie Rapsang, C Tlang, General Secretary, James Sutnga, Working President, East Jaintia Hills District Football Association.
The Meghalaya TMC has also directed the party workers to conduct house-to-house visits to inform the public about this scheme in the coming days.
They also said that the last song that Cafinia has performed in is 'Thangsharak'
He said that the Cherry Blossom Festival is not a festival set by the Government, but there is a group that has won the tender and has also set the dates for the festival and tickets have already been sold.
They said that on the day of the construction of the road, they have improved it so that it will be safe for the traffic of the villagers, school children and others. who use this road.
In the cleaning of the house, they found many problems, they found many bottles of kiad, plastic jot, this is not good for children, they also found many lights. “The water and the streets are filled with plastic bags, but now they are stingy and clean,” said Samla Khilas.
The price of LPG has increased significantly from T.600 to T.1,100 per litre and demanded that the price should be increased immediately.
The poorer the working methods of MeECL, the higher the electricity bill,” said the statement.
Dhaka has been the worst affected city with 313 cases, followed by 75 cases in surrounding areas and other parts of Dhaka district. There are 22 cases of the disease.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has strongly warned the Karbi residents of Khanduli on the Assam-Meghalaya border who are trying to create trouble and incite violence which affects the peace and order.
Earlier, Jammu & Kashmir scored only 81 runs for three wickets with Khurana, Dippu Ch Sangma and Abhishek Kumar taking 10 wickets each.
However, there are other places which have not been cleaned yet which are known as 'Um dawai' and others.
Before laying wreaths at the cemetery, the KSU held a prayer and a short meeting and the KSU reminded the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep that the 28th of March has been declared as Anti-Uranium Day. (Anti Uranium Day).
This promise of Bah SK Sunn, has pleased the people.
Troubled times are the days when wisdom increases, as stated at Daniel 12:4
The shop, which was set on fire by the robbers, has not yet been burnt down, but the door or shutter of the pharmacy has shown signs of burning.
With the continuation of the urea subsidy scheme, the production of urea in the region will be the highest.
Shillong: Shillong and Meghalaya have become the hub of drug trafficking in the country and this is a serious threat. good.
Voice of the People's Party (VPP) Leader Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit and MLAs on the first day of the Budget Session on the 20th of this month. They immediately came out of the Legislative Assembly to oppose the speech of the Lad in Hindi.
The dorbar also expected the people to fulfill their duty for the good of the community and the cleanliness of the village.
A Bapli Bah Sailo has done a lot of good deeds, there is no MLA or MDC or rich people to hold hands with Sailo to help from the old days until now, Phew seh la now after the village Kam recognize that he is not a native.
Teachers and students of St Joseph Sec School participated in the training.
In his letter, Bah Brightstarwell suggested that the government should install speed breakers in some places where they are not needed, should not build footpaths along the highway, should not install speed breakers. to build over brigades or footbridges to jam from one side to the other side of the road, and to increase the presence of traffic police and to conduct surprise checking. vehicles and drivers and that the government should provide zebra crossings.
Therefore, it is time for us as leaders to take responsibility to protect our own Jaidbynriew and to show the ways and means to curb many of the evils in society, so that the Khasi people will not be ridiculed by other peoples of the world.
The city of Amsterdam is now preparing to find a way to make it easier for women to go outside on the streets.
On the other hand, the MGSPHSVA leaders paid tribute to Kong Mukhim and prohibited the members and vendors from speaking against the Government Leaders when they urge and show the rules. retailers should follow.
The foreigners and the foreigners don't want to talk too much because there is a limit to walking and talking.
Before the meeting, a short meeting was held by Kong Renda Manla Khonglah Jt.
The Prime Minister said that the ban on the internet is to curb the spread of false news or to inform the public about this issue.
According to Bah Donald, the government's actions show that it has no responsibility for the future.
He recalled that when the fighting intensified, on 4th June 1862, the army came to Shangpung village where there was resistance from the people of the Elaka in parts of the area. Shangpung village under the leadership of Kiri Dhar against the government authorities.
He also recalled that the union had met with the Commissioner Finance at the Secretariat in November 2021 to seek his opinion on this demand but the reply he gave was unsatisfactory.
Raijs like Mukhla, Khliehtyrshi and others have completed their Chad Sukra, while raids like Ialong will hold their Chad Sukra and Noh Sakyriat on the 25th of this month.
However, those who have been chosen must be non-religious.
(outside Jowai) until the end of the Behdeiñkhlam festival.
In a statement, Bah Kharkrang said that the Congress is a party that has been plagued by corruption and during its rule, corruption has been rampant.
The Chief Organizing Secretary FKJGP Jaintia Hills Zone, who met with the family, said that the flood has caused a huge loss of crops. He also informed the Thadlaskein C&RD Block office to provide assistance to the family affected by the natural disaster.
If it is in other countries, they have burned and turned into fire such writings, we are sorry and careful and careful; not only that included in school textbooks to mislead children and youth It is necessary that the students should also be able to learn the Khasi subject.
Jowai: The Orphan Children's Foundation (OCF) under the leadership of General Secretary Samla E.Dkhar today received the opportunity to continue to donate food items and food items. blanket to the children of Pamrapaithlu, East Jaintia Hills, in the presence of the family members of these children.
The fact cannot be denied or escaped that when the race and religion are mixed, it is a clean color or a clean color.
“We must put a full stop to this ethnic cleansing.
Rojet Buhphang of Wahkhen received the Business Scholar Award – 2007 from New Delhi.
The budget, which was presented on the first day of the session, stipulated an expenditure of T.88, 22, 39,630 crore and a production of T.88, 22,12,020 crore. 27,610.
Regarding the news, published on 29th July 2014, which said “Dr Mukul Sangma is fine, I don't have time to protest: Ampareen”.
On his part, he promised in front of the party that he will do whatever is necessary, said a statement from the Secretary of the Barato Unit Samla Nihun Sten.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Bah Bilat Khongkrom.
He said that in Nongstoiñ there are places where people used to quarry stone with tools used in the past such as lyngka, mohkhiew, but these too have been banned.
It will also appeal to their children because all those who will form the government this time will struggle to earn money from various government departments.
But what will destroy their income is what we call “mass tourism,” which means too many people visiting the world on a daily basis.
Nongstoiñ, July 12: “The implementation of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme in all the states of the country has resulted in the failure of those schemes of the state government. “It's a very difficult situation in the state especially in West Khasi Hills District,” said Bah S.Diengdoh, one of the elders who used to look after the development of West Khasi Hills.
Speaking before the match, Sreenidi head coach Carlos Vaz Pinto said that his team is ready for the match against Lajong and I have watched carefully the behavior of others after experiencing the loss at home.
