Our positive answers have made them think twice before planning any attacks against us.
Peter thought to himself that he could get a car this month but he didn't ask his master.
Meanwhile, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that four persons were injured, two from the public and two from the BSF. They also seized a vehicle from the police station and the driver fled the scene. After a while, a public vehicle broke down near the station (Lad Umsyiem) and the BSF personnel seized the vehicle. “It's a good idea to talk to these people and there's a misunderstanding and this has led to chaos,” said Prestone, who is in charge of the state security department.
He said that there are more than 1000 vacant posts in the MeECL department but the reason is the lack of funds so it cannot be filled and confirmed in these posts. All these posts are not available and these casual posts are not currently available.
Shillong, July 16: U KHNAM MLA Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Friday said that his intention to resign from the post of President is due to his desire to restore peace in the country. party and the group led by Bah Pyndap Saibon.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayralborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh, expressed his gratitude to the death anniversary of Bah OB Ranee. old.
“The KHADC has not yet sent its proposals,” said Kropha.
But your speech is great.
If you have this problem, you are fighting against people and things around you with your slander.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is scheduled to inaugurate the new Parliament Building on 28th June.
Such akhia can be found among the priests and sohblei in the areas where they still hold fast to their traditional religion on the gods, dken, ryngkew basa in their villages, kingdoms and districts.
The newly elected President of the Federation, Bah Macmillan Lyngdoh, said that the Federation urges the government to consider renewing the salaries of state government employees from 1st July this year.
Lewan Sa O Laloo (25) and Lahimon Sumer (70) scored the second goal for PWD XI.
Gandhi said the conversation was short and pleasant, and Rahul Gandhi was delighted to have the opportunity to meet Varun Gandhi's son.
How do the people feel about this action of the Government? Why should we lose the land of the jaitbynriew just because the Government doesn't believe and take action?
He is also a writer, poet, dancer and expert in song, music and traditional dance.
The 6 Wah Lukha Association in front of the DC East Jaintia Hills has complained that the factories in Narpuh have not followed the environmental protection rules and have not done anything to clean up the Wah Lukha River and have not set up treatment plants in the factories. the garbage is poured into the river.
That is, the husband teaches his Dkhar wife and children from the Dkhar mother to understand the Khasi customs and traditions.
In his speech, Bah OL Passah, Superintendent of Fishery, South West Khasi Hills District, said that today is a happy day because the first Fish Retail Outlet has been opened. It is located in the South West Khasi Hills District.
According to information received, many civil society organizations including the Garo Student Union (GSU), ACHIK, Garoland State Movement Committee, AHAM, All India Garo Union, Federation for A'chik Freedom, A'chik Youth Federation, ADE, A'chik Youth Welfare Organisation, Niksamso Garo Community Organisation, FKJGP (Tura), Tura Garo Senior Citizens' Forum and New Tura Development Forum I was invited to attend this meeting.
Because in public administration, one hand of each citizen is stronger than the guns, the decision to change is up to each and every citizen.
The Commissioner of Customs, Bah Isac Kharkongor, said that the department after receiving a tip, has been conducting a shrip in the area since last night and this evening the truck was seized. from Tripura and intended to smuggle the drugs to Assam.
Gohana in Sonepat is a neighboring village in Rohtak and Karnal Parliamentary constituencies.
Meanwhile, heavy vehicles have been driven through the pariong to Shillong which is more than 50 kilometers long compared to the bus route through the Wah Umngi Bridge.
The party and the candidate are like two sides of a coin; If money is good, it can't work, that's why we need a strong person and a strong organization.
Our protest will intensify in the coming days,” said NGEA President Brithen Sangma.
This statement was released by Ailad Surong Asst.Gen.
Besides, they also participated in marathons, running, swimming, basketball, football and other sports.
During the visit of the Premier of Assam to Jowai in 1948, the Jaintia Dorbar was revived in which the Seng (Jaintia Dorbar) put before the Premier of Assam that the Ri Khat-ar Doloi should not be it shall not be broken, but shall be as it was before.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Jaintia Hills District has strongly warned against members of the United People's Front (UPFKL) Khasi-Pnars living in the villages under Block-1
He said that every Health Center now has a TB testing center with adequate equipment.
On the opening day of the Dorbar, the two MDCs of the Opposition strongly opposed the first bill, saying that it would cause confusion on how to distinguish between them. MDCs from the Chief Executive Members on the second bill said that the KHADC should not be in a hurry to pass it and they need to read it carefully because it has not been delivered on time. They said that there are still many customs and traditions which have not yet been introduced.
Dutta told NDTV that Patekar had grabbed her hands and admitted that he wanted to teach her to dance.
In 2017, the ZNP merged with smaller parties to form the Zoram People's Movement.
Bah Ryntathiang said that the Dorbar Shnong as a whole has not yet received any clarification on this order and he said that the Shnong itself does not issue Residential Certificate but only to those who have stayed there. very slow.
The suffering of going to fetch water and climbing slowly is unimaginable.
After investigation, it was found that the foreigner did not have a trading license.
The former Government under the leadership of Conrad Kongkal Sangma has fulfilled its duty and 60 MLAs have unanimously agreed to implement the Inner Line Permit Act. Mynder in this state.
Confirming the incident, the Sub Divisional Officer (Civil) of Sohra, Salon Verma said that the case is still under investigation according to the rules of law.
Speaking at the Second North East Festival held at Cantara Grand Hotel, Bangkok, he said, “The signing of the Free Trade Agreement (FTA) is not only with the four states including Assam but it should be with the four states including Assam. and all the states of the Eastern Region".
This was announced by the President of the party, Bah Wellbirth Rani, who said that this appointment was made as part of the party's efforts to improve the working methods of the party to serve the State, the country and the nation. .
We do not accept these writings and we do not accept them and this creates ethnic discrimination," said the young leader.
In the match played in Zone 2, one team was reduced to 10 overs after not being able to play on the previous day at Salpara, Mendipathar.
If the pai is planted in the same manner as in other parts of the world by planting sets cut into pieces as described above, the crowns are more likely to damage, they began from the eyes or from the two ends of these lyngkhot pai.
The second, or Apostasy, is the complete abandonment of the Christian faith.
Meanwhile, Bah A.Nongbri urged the students of this school to help and support those who have disabilities so that the nation can grow and develop. it also improves itself in everyday life.
“I would like to say that our position is clear that we accept the signboard and even the villages on the border accept the signboard but the only thing is that the land owners, the village authorities that they shall not allow or allow signs to be erected between villages or fields.
Throughout the day, after the inauguration of the scheme by the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, a discussion was held on the rules and regulations on how to implement the scheme and these measures. They have to receive the benefits under this scheme.
Angelina is currently studying at St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Shillong.
I strongly condemn the statement of the CEM that our people who live in those areas are illegal,” said Bah Malngiang.
Police conducted a search operation and found 111.18 kilos of heroin in the vehicle.
The overcrowding has been excessive at the book market, the school uniform market and the school uniform market.
Any buyers who do not believe will be punished according to the law.
At the Grand Finale, which was held yesterday at Madan Pahamsyiem, 16 participants reached the final stage of the competition. Jesicca Kharkrang from Umiam won the second prize and Morialda Lyngdoh from Umden Mission won the fourth prize.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Syiemlieh replied that he had received a message from the Deputy Commissioner that the Sein Raij Tuber cannot give a holiday on Behdeinkhlam, but regarding the schools, the DC said that It is at their discretion whether to take leave, while government employees have no restriction on taking other leave than public leave.
Along with Advani and Joshi, BJP leaders including Uma Bharti, former Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Kalyan Singh, former BJP MP Vinay Katiyar and senior BJP leader Sadhvi Rithambarawere, who attended the rally to demolish the Babri Masjid, said the court had condemned them all by saying that the incident was not committed. don't have bad intentions.
Speaking on the occasion of the Holy Mass, Fr.Peter Syiemlieh spoke on the condition of this age where many have forgotten about life. spiritual in which this earth is only a dwelling place and the dwelling place is in Heaven.
Now after five years of leaving Hollywood behind she has made the decision to re-emerge to sign new films.
They sting us, the villagers, the villagers don't have phones, don't use simcards.
Speaking in a video sent today, Adelbert said that Prestone's allegation that the VPP should not do politics or mislead the people on the metor issue.
Apart from Nagaland, we are the last in terms of vaccination rates.
Nongpoh: The former students of St. Vianney's Higher Secondary School, Umsohlait, Mawhati, Ri Bhoi District, on Saturday formed a group known as the St. Vianney's Past Pupil Association. to gather together all the alumni of St.Vianney HSS, in order to bring closer and unity among all the alumni of St.Vianney HSS and at the same time to prevent the development of this school. school.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: Two men, Badskhemkupar Kharakar, 23, and Dinesh Roy Khonstim, 40, have been electrocuted in Shillong on the 11th of this month. New Gate, Light.
Arvind Kumar was abducted by three armed men while he was on his way to Ampati.
The big question mark (???) is: What kind of people are we as citizens in terms of whatever we do?
The State has suffered many tragic incidents due to the mistake of eating tits and many families have lost their loved ones.
Tomorrow, Dulong will play against Luti Tuber Ïalong at 2.30 pm.
Therefore, we should not close our eyes and sit idly by when the danger is about to overwhelm the country and us as well.
Shillong, Lber, 28: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA and Chairman of the Monitoring and Implementation Committee of South Shillong Constituency on Tuesday donated Rs 1.50 lakh to three clubs to celebrate Rongali Bihu or the Assamese New Year. and Bengali.
Regarding the MDC elections to be held next year, he said that he still has the desire to work, because he still has the strength to work and walk and will continue to fight. .
US troops, along with the USS Donald Cook and USS Roosevelt, have now rushed to the Black Sea to assist Ukraine in the event of a war against Russia.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday held a meeting with the officers of NHIDCL, Deputy Commissioners, relevant departments and contractors to discuss various projects. implemented by NHIDCL in the state.
This bridge was designed by the skills of the engineers of the village and is the best example of how the skilled stonecutters of the village have been able to erect such a beautiful building.
B.M.Lanong Meghalaya is in grave danger due to the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016, which aims to grant citizenship to tens of thousands of Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists and Jains. , Parsis and Christians who are citizens of Pakistan, Afghanistan and Bangladesh have been granted full citizenship in India after the BJP government approved and decided to implement the Act.
When we came and we spent tens of thousands of rupees we who live here (Shillong) just to go to our district.
He said that as an MDC he has fought as much as he can to fulfill his duties but there are still those who will mislead the people to say that he has not been able to do anything and that he is lying. However, Bah Batskhem said that his term as MDC has not ended and he still has 10 years to serve and fulfill his duties as an MDC. He said that we cannot blame the people but it is up to the leaders to change first so that the expectations of the people will be fulfilled. deceive the people about their future.
The Government has distributed Holstein Friesian (HF) seedlings to farmers.
The training conducted by the police department this evening has caused suspicion among the public who did not know that it was only a training, but because of the observation that the police have acted in such a manner as it should be. They didn't know that there was a bomb in the area.
The donation is part of the Special Economic Development Package for the people of Tripura and aims to provide support to NLFT members who have been involved in many violent activities. who intend to turn to a new life.
Two-time World Cup winner Atanu Das, along with his coach, came to Shillong to witness the Meghalaya Games as part of the preparations for the upcoming tournaments.
Can getting vaccinated against Covid 19 affect my gender? 16.
The incident happened at Mawlai Mawiong Block C. Fortunately, no casualties were reported except for the loss and damage of property.
Water Resources XI beat Soil Conservation XI 1-0 in the Inter Office Football Tournament organized by the Meghalaya State Government Employees' Federation (MSGEF) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
Prayers should be strong that this disease will not spread.
EA Right Grocery.3.
Shillong, Jymmang 23 : The State Government has already paid up to T.250 crore for the implementation of the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS), which provides free health care to the patients of the State. .
The sports club has also arranged for a prize for the winner and runner up in the final. The entry fee for the teams will be T .3000/- and the closing date will be 2nd June,
Apparently, the implementation of the MLA scheme is very slow and there are no rules in which the MLA can use it for any reason he feels is right for the people.
But it won’t happen unless all these things are accomplished first.
This is according to an RTI request from the BDO of Laskein C&RD Block by five residents of Mukroh.
I urge the government to call for talks with the political parties to restore peace in the state,” said Bah Bindo.
She recalled that at the time of independence, the agreement and decision was that Tura would be made the capital of Meghalaya during the rainy season.
The Akali Dal has one member.
Ankit Ojha bowled four overs, was tied for 46 runs and took two wickets.
However, she did not participate in films after she was in trouble.
Shillong: Meghalaya started at 208/6 in the first leg of the tournament.
Shillong, Nailar 18: Four policemen were seriously injured and four vehicles including police vehicles were damaged in an incident on the night of the 16th at Smit, police said.
The BJP government, led by Amit Shah, will take all necessary measures to ensure that the CAB will be passed by the Rajya Sabha tomorrow.
Revelation 21:1
This has prompted the union to demand an increase in the number of application forms from 500 to 1000 and also to extend the date of submission of forms,” said the statement.
He said people join politics because democracy gives everyone the opportunity to right what is wrong.
According to a statement sent by the village leaders of Shilliang Myntang, Waheh Shnong of Shilliang Myntang Beristar Lamare, Waheh Shnong of Thadialong Wipi Situng and Waheh Shnong of Thadsning Khiat Litep have informed the government that the affected villages have been affected. These are the villages under the 4-Mawkaiaw Constituency Assembly.
The Commission has also set a priority target to expedite the completion of the trial and to provide a fair trial to the refugees.
At the same time, he said that the Congress has said that even the Congress flag is a cow but it turns into a hand.
U  Sampath Kumar,IAS, Commissioner & Secretary, Health & Family Welfare Department, Govt.
At the same time, she also appreciated the steps taken by the state government to implement the measures of the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment for the benefit of people with disabilities in the country. state.
Speaking to the students, Dr. LR Bishnoi, said that the country and the world as a whole, are in danger of increasing the number of drug addicts, where the number of drug addicts Many of those who have become addicted to drugs have had a serious impact on society.
Babu Majaw said that the first church was built on the 1st of June 1844, at a cost of T.
In the middle of the break, Araijeet tied the ball hard in the 30th minute which went straight into the net to give India the lead. 6-0 col.
The United Democratic Alliance (UDA) led by the National People's Party (NPP) and the United Democratic Party (UDP) has immediately denied the allegation of misappropriation of funds. the council which amounted to Rs 2.5 crore.
The meeting was now held at the temporary house in Rilbong.
The issues addressed not only the Mowkaiaw constituency, but also the issues of Jaintia Hills.
KHNAM said that the party does not want to accept and does not want to accept that it is only KHNAM who is talking about this, because this is an issue of the jaitbynriew where other parties who are not in politics also. I don't want to talk about this.
However, until now, almost two months later, these people have not received any assistance and are still waiting for assistance from the state government.
They were arrested in parts of Shillong including Pynthor, Iawduh in the past few days.
Nongstoiñ, July 22: The UHM West Khasi Hills District Unit, Mawduh Unit, Nongstoin Circle, under the leadership of the President of the Unit, Samla Bantei Kharbani, has arrested two foreigners from UHM West Khasi Hills District. West Bengal who intend to offer tiar in the Nongstoiñ area.
Shillong, Lber 31: The office of the Registrar of the Delhi High Court, New Delhi will hold a hearing and examination of witnesses related to the illegal declaration of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) as The meeting will be held on 18th June, 2015 at 10:30 am at Orchid Lake Resort, Shillong.
Such incidents have caused concern among the people.
He said that the allocation of C&RD Block is the most necessary in the area for the 44 villages of Phlangdiloin, Umdohlun and Warsan Lyngdoh as the residents of these villages are now under the C&RD Block. Mawkyrwat C&RD Block and have to walk about 30 to 50 kilometers to reach Mawkyrwat and have to drive for 3 hours.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 13: The ASHA Union of West Khasi Hills (ASHA) on Tuesday said that the government has ignored the demand of the ASHAs for adequate salary. The West Khasi Hills ASHA Association (ASHA) in Shillong, in collaboration with the leaders of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (ASHA), has decided to take to the streets to hold a procession to inform the government that they cannot. to work without proper pay, because the work was so heavy.
They also demanded that the new Dawki Bridge should be constructed as soon as possible, as it will not affect the trade and traffic of the people, said a statement from the General Secretary of the Seng, Bah Donlang Nongbri.
They said that the employees of the border bridge collect more than T.2000 tyngka from one truck and the existence of the bridge is biased. The trucks that go to the factories in Byrnihat don't have to pass through this bridge.
In the first phase of the elections, on 19th June, the polling will be held in 102 Lok Sabha constituencies, in the second phase, the polling will be held on 26th June. In 89 constituencies, in the third phase, the voting will be held on 7th January. In the fourth phase, the voting will be held on 13th January. in 96 constituencies.
Shillong, July 7: The State Government today approved the Draft Land Acquisition Rules, 2015 and will seek the opinion of the people before enacting it. it is complete.
Arjun Rai, 52, died of his injuries.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06 : U Former Minister of State and BJP MLA from Pynthorumkhrah on Tuesday said that the people are not happy with the NPP-led MDA government because of the corruption.
“Those who do it themselves, it is not the doings of political parties,” said the CEO. A clean election will be difficult because it has been observed that many of the incidents, which have led to the lodging of complaints, have occurred on social media.
“The BSF will conduct an investigation into the incident soon and the report will be announced soon,” said the BSF Chief. Pynursla Police Station has registered a case against the suspect, said the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah S Nongtnger.
During the inspection, it was also found that there is a shortage of staff nurses and only one doctor.
Dispar refused to hold peace talks with the HNLC on the grounds that they were involved in politics, especially when they threatened to bomb the Congress office in Khyndailad.
“All authority has been given to me in HEAVEN AND ON EARTH” Matthew 28:1
Nongstoiñ, July 29: The residents of Nongumbah, Darephang, Nongspung and other villages in Kyrshai area are on the border with Assam. while Darephang and Nongumbah are the villages under the Raidmynsaw Hima.
Their time will soon end.
There are also those who say that the Editor is seriously injured.
Through this statement, WORD requests all the women and youth who have reached this goal to bring their documents to the temporary office of the organization at Umsning proper B near Eden Sec School. .School or at the residence of the President of the party, Jean Kylla or by telephone at the following numbers by 25th November,
It may have taken months to submit the summons but now the summons can be sent via Whatsapp and once the message is opened, the server will see that the summons has been submitted and received.
“We went to Pynursla because it is a market day, but even there it is not dark and we have to rush to Shillong to complete this small job,” said one of the elders who said that he came to Shillong only to Xerox. document.
However, to prove the looting from the 'Pla-Tyngka of the people', the best evidence to prove the corruption is the backwardness of the constituency in all aspects.
The match was very interesting and played well until the first half ended without a goal.
The Congress leaders have fled to another party after the BJP came to power in the central government.
Sammy said the club has submitted a proposal to the government to turn Laban Sports Club into one of the most prestigious Table Tennis Academy in the North East.
Several explosives were recovered from a vehicle in Birbhum district of West Bengal on Friday, a day before the visit of Union Home Minister Amit Shah to Bangladesh. The day of celebration of the Bengali New Year.
However, the question is, how many parties will sit in the Opposition? What worries other political parties is that their MLAs will leave only after the vote has been cast. one with any other political party.
He announced that the candidates who wish to contest for the post of CEM will submit their nomination papers to the Legislative Secretary of the council and the nomination will be held today.
The deceased was from Rewak village in Siju district.
Shillong: Condemning the BJP government's introduction of Articles 370 and 35A, former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that the BJP government's actions are a threat to the people of the North East. The Sixth Scheduled Constitution is not included.
Training was given to the farmers of Jaintia Hills on the topic “Dairy Cows: They Increase Income in Agriculture and Livestock by Dr.R Suchiang, SMS (AH & Vety), KVK Jaintia Hills.
We have seen that with the passing of the days, the influx of drugs and other illegal drugs has increased in Meghalaya.
Brothers and sisters, we have seen and witnessed what has happened to the children of Manipur in the past few days.
Thank you sir for your valuable feedback.
At midnight, they prepared to burn dongmusa as a sign of welcoming the New Year.
The meeting lasted for half an hour and discussed the political situation in the state, the decline of the Congress party in these days, in various ways of working and others. de topics related to this work.
However, at the same time, he said that there is no preparation to check those who come from the road.
Shillong: The MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie, today appealed to the political parties in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government to urge the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. K Sangma, to reconsider the decision to temporarily suspend the police involved in the murder of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, until the investigation is completed. There is a lack of peace and order in Mawlai and in the state as a whole.
There are two health workers in South West Khasi Hills and one health worker in West Khasi Hills.
Religious workers of the Raij Jowai under the leadership of the Dolloi, Pator together with the Soo Langdohs including Chief Chyrmang, Chief Jowai, Chief Tuber and Chief Ialong together with the Phra Kur Phra Kmai and the elders of the Raij on the 29th July they went to Lum Mookhai to perform a special tribute to Syiem Pyrthat and Mon Ryngklaw.
Pakistani bombers have flown into the Indian border this morning in parts of Nowshera in Jammu and Kashmir.
He said that this road is still under construction and out of 20 km only 6.5 km has been painted and 13 km remains.
The Additional Home Secretary, IG Law & Order (Meghalaya Police), IG Border and IG BSF Meghalaya discussed the incident of BSF troops against Dr. Seiboklang Buam.
The price of this sheep has been so high that all the residents of Taranagar and neighboring villages have been talking about this most expensive sheep.
According to information received, two persons came on a scooty and detonated a petrol bomb at the vehicle, which burnt down and damaged it badly.
Ummulong Presbyterian College, Ummulong Presbyterian College, Thadlaskeiñ C&RD Block, West Jaintia Hills District, has celebrated its 10th Anniversary. was founded in 2013.
Guterres said Israel and Palestine needed peace after years of conflict.
Furthermore, there have been allegations that the factory releases waste into the nearby river which affects the environment.
The NPP Leader urged the people of Khasi and Jaintia Hills not to succumb to the VPP's propaganda because these are the same people who are against the Governor speaking Hindi in the Assembly. They want to go to Parliament where most of the MPs speak Hindi.
Trading by Non-Tribal Act and its rules should be strengthened.
Therefore, if we look closely at this issue, about 50 percent of the candidates who are contesting will say that they don't have money but they want to come out and contest because they want to win with the love of the people.
It is to be recalled that on the morning of 8th June 2024, people who came to collect garbage in Lumshyiap found the body of a newborn baby wrapped in plastic from a garbage truck.
National Informatics Center and Telecom communication Services.
“Through this Meiramew cafe, it will also help in income generation and also she said that many tourists like to eat these dishes,” said Pasqualina and urged Roly to clean not only today or while there is a project, but every day so that her cleanliness will help to improve her shops.
Kynjaimon added that for many years now, the smuggling of Bangladeshis has been increasing. They have been stealing the agricultural products of the people in the border areas. Bangladesh which has caused a huge loss to those farmers who own rice fields and farmland in the area near the border area with signs on the border, the people of the area who are Indians, who There are farmers in the areas near Bangladesh who have to stay in the forest which is their farmland to protect themselves from the theft by people who come from Bangladesh.
He said it is the duty of parents and the community to take action to ensure that all children should go to school.
Shillong, Lber 01: The Chief Election Officer (CEO) of the ECI in charge of the state, Bah FR Kharkongor on Tuesday ordered the DEO of the District Election Commission (ECI) to Ri-Bhoi District to conduct an immediate investigation into the violation of the rules by voting during the polling in Mawhati constituency to show that one of the voters showed that he had cast his vote in you are a candidate for the Congress.
One of the houses belonged to Risuk Wanshong and the other to Twintina Nongneng.
The film has been starring Khasi tyngshops and poets, including Ibaniewkor Lyngdoh Mawnai Keebor Kurbah and others.
With the help of these people, the state will be able to survive for only 10 days.
Not only that, but within the whole of Bri Hynniewtrep.
He suffered from blood-related illnesses.
Bah HM Shangpliang said that on 12th November 2020, a complaint was lodged against a robber for his involvement in the rape and assault of his sister and two brothers. The committee has learned that the suspect has confessed to his involvement in the case.
The new cases include EGH: 28, EJH: 09, EKH: 101, NGH: 12, RBD: 72, SGH: 07, SWGH: 16, SWKH: 25, WGH: 90, WJH: and WKH: 16.
Regarding this incident, Kong Ribiang has lodged a complaint with the Waheh Shnong and suggested that she inform the police.
He gave an example that many people no longer use the traditional words to address their parents, grandparents and others; he makes it clear that language and culture go hand in hand.
“For my part, I don't know what the HNLC wants and what it doesn't want.
The Sohra MLA's remarks came after the Prime Minister recently promised to allocate T.80 crore to the factory to pay the salaries of the workers for ten months and also to provide for the industry requirements.
'Im' unexpectedly died for Adam in the work, she walked around the garden. It was a great joy to see the beauty of that garden, she also saw that fruit. Adong, how clean and delicious it is to eat.
“Regarding this reply, I and the owner of the land (Sweetjune Kharshandi) have sent a pleader notice to Mahavir Singhania to confirm his claim that the land has been taken away but he has not yet responded. ", Mrs. Daisy said.
Dr. Toba Lamare of Ummulong is the daughter of Lukhimai Lamare and L. Lemison Lyngdoh.
After receiving the approval of the villagers together with the Village Executive Committee, the applications must be approved by the Waheh Shnong and Secretary Shnong.
There are 487 recoveries and 10 deaths.
Conrad said the Congress party has failed to achieve the aspirations of the people of Mizoram and therefore the Congress party has failed and its betrayal of the people of the state. The NPP is contesting nine constituencies in the 40-member Assembly in the state.
The party manifesto should therefore clearly state how the party intends to implement this policy.
On receiving this information, the Nongthymmai Police Station rushed to the scene and took him from the hands of the residents and registered a case against him.
These will allow us to teach and guide the students at such times.
Shillong: Malki SC, after receiving permission to host the 1st Knock Out Meghalaya Open Ball Cricket Tournament, has decided to start the tournament from the last month of this month. March 2021.
Iapmala Utd and Lakadong Dongwa won the Second Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) at the artificial turf ground in Diengshynrum, Balang.
Explaining on this occasion, u Bah Paul said that on 26th March 2015, the government has introduced an amendment and through this amendment that the building rules of the government are only within Shillong. For agglomeration and outlying areas, the KHADC has to enact its own housing act.
India is also experiencing high temperatures these days and out of the 15 hottest places in the world, in the past 24 hours, five were reported in India, while the rest were in Pakistan.
“I feel that the people responsible for drafting the Constitution of the country have thought carefully to protect the indigenous people and it is for this reason that they have introduced the Sixth Scheduled to protect and preserve the culture and traditions. and my uniqueness,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
“Bruton, you're right, you can leave.
We don't get only the milk, but we get everything we need.
“We don't want the kurs and jait to get Dkhars and we need to arrange for more improvement to prevent the cleanliness.
In a letter written to the Minister in charge of PWD on 18th March, 2017, he said that the Assam government has introduced many PMGSY schemes on the Meghalaya-Assam border and the development work has not been completed. It should not be mentioned on any border dispute as it is a scheme not funded by the Central Government.
Furthermore, the disposal of garbage, fields, garbage and others should be away from the house and should be carefully monitored.
Nongpoh: U Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA and Bah Balajied Rani, MDC, Nongpoh, today inaugurated development schemes and distributed work orders to several villages. They are located in Amjong area, which is near Sunapur, Assam.
Shillong: The Additional Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills, Shillong, has appealed to the public if anyone has any information about the shooting death of Agnes Kharshiing and Anita Sangma. 8th November 2018 and if they wish to witness the incident, they can inform the Additional Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat before 16th November 2018, during office hours.
Regarding the resumption of peace among the people of Garo Hills, to demand their own state, Nickman Marak, Chairman of the Garo Land State Movement Committee, said that the The demand for a state of its own for the Garo people is no longer a new demand, but a long standing demand which was first expressed by (L) Pa Purno Sangma. The matter has also been submitted to the Parliament of India.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone Tynsong said that through this meeting between the committee from Meghalaya and Assam, they decided to start inspecting the villages in the middle of the border dispute. from 26th July to gather information on the condition of these villages, before the border settlement talks between the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam.
Other vehicles may also park on the other side of the road at Barik Point leading into Pine Mount School and Seventh Set School, Lower Lachumiere from Horse Shoe Building to DIPR, Treasury Office, opposite the Additional Secretariat at Barik Point, behind the Governor. house, near Don Bosco Hall (Hopkinson Road), Jacob's Ladder, Boyce's Road – Shillong College – Bajoria School and others.
“The Minister has said that he will talk to the MeECL officers and the MD before taking a decision and will inform us,” said Bah Mantiphrang.
For more information please contact the office of the Deputy Commissioner or the Civil Sub-Division office.
The foundation stone laying ceremony was also attended by Bajengdoba MLA Pongseng Marak, Symbud Lamphang and Resubelpara MLA Timothy D Shira, Kharkutta MLA Rupert Momin and other MDCs. The government has to go through many challenges and struggles, but the ultimate goal of the government is education and how to improve the state through school children and students.
Dr Mukul said that even countries like Britain and the United States want to strengthen the immigration laws to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners.
East Khasi Hills has 120 cases and Ribhoi has 57 cases.
We have learned that our Khasi do not have the coronavirus (except those who are in quarantine centres) and when this is the case, the entry and exit of our Khasi brothers and sisters from one place to another on the other hand, there is no danger at all, but they should follow the rules of distance from each other and then cover their mouths when talking to strangers.
The newly elected office bearers include the Rangbah Shnong, B. Khongwir, Assistant Rangbah Shnong, G. Shullai and HA Lyngdoh, General Secretary, C Toi, Assistant Secretary, P Nengnong and Treasurer PJ Jywa.
The best wrestlers in this tournament are: Senior Men
“We have only one hour left to get our Mining Licence.
They played hard from the start and Ferenstar Kharkongor was the leading player of the team who almost scored a hat-trick.
The WJDSA will continue the match on the 8th of November, 2022 between Caroline Colony and Lion Sports & Youth Affairs at 3 pm.
In another major step to meet this demand and develop the skills of this group, the Government has approved the installation of 63 more FM transmitters in the country.
The opposition leader after the inspection, said that there are still many needs to strengthen the health centers and during the inspection they found that many of them are still under construction.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh after being re-elected as President on Saturday, said that Bah Bindo is still a member of the UDP even if he is no longer elected as the party leader.
Khliehriat, July 11: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle, Narpuh Circle, on Tuesday said that the KSU Narpuh Circle will hold an awards ceremony for the students of Narpuh Circle. , East Jaintia Hills District, the 12th Mait Shaphrang Academic Award 2023 will be awarded to those students who have passed well in the 1st division examination of SSLC, HSSLC, Bachelor's degree and Master's degree from various Boards, those who pass in
After retirement and even though she was in the midst of illness and depression, she spent her days writing articles on soybean cultivation and other findings on this subject. side.
However, the UDP leader said that the UDP has not opposed the construction of a railway line to Byrnihat and this is the decision of the party.
In a statement, Education Minister Rakkam A Sangma said he had recently met with the Chairperson of the Central Board of School Education (CBSE) in New Delhi.
Manoj Kumar Choudhury, 61, of Umroi Cantonment, was taken to the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
This writer has received accurate information that even the first voters have been given money and kiad by the candidates.
“It is up to the Shnong and the Village Leaders themselves to get the encouragement for this project,” he said.
Khliehtyrshi Sports Club scored 141 runs in 20 overs for the loss of eight wickets.
Dr. Don is also one of those who does not want the railway to come to Khasi-Jaintia because he says that it is a plan only for a few people who want to benefit.
“When I heard that Arvind Kejriwal has decided to form a political party to contest elections, I decided to come and support him.
The Government has prepared and taken action to upgrade the PA Sangma Stadium in Tura to an Integrated Sports Complex.
The Association strongly condemns the haste of the Principals of Colleges in changing their position on the implementation of the NEP and criticizes the Meghalaya College Principals' Council for changing its position. what they stand for.
They were traveling from Kwator to Ladrymbai in a Sumo.
The Police Commemoration Day is held annually on the 21st of March in West Jaintia Hills at Jowai Reserve. Police and East Jaintia Hills at the office of the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District.
It is learned that when the flood came, the two sailors jumped out of the boat and called out to jump but the four sailors from Rymbai did not do so and the boat capsized and three of them died. while one escaped after getting caught in the grass across the river.
“I have received information that plastic boundaries have been planted in some parts of West Khasi Hills and I have immediately spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam and he too has expressed his concern over this. and say this should never happen again.
The State Government is now ready to take loans from banks such as ADB in the name of building schools and colleges.
“It is easy to get candidates but it is difficult to find a suitable candidate who understands the principles of this political party and whom the party will understand that those candidates are suitable to propose. to the people," he added.
The use of NCERT Text Books will be in English, Mathematics and Science.
Therefore, anyone who violates this rule shall be brought to justice with a fine.
Before the HSPDP MLAs reversed their decision to form a government without the NPP and BJP, the President of the MPCC and Lok Sabha MP, Bah Vincent, said: There is no understanding of the status of MLAs from small parties.
Rymbui said it is true that many government schools do not have good school buildings, but last year at the Cabinet meeting it was decided that if they want to build schools, Schools should provide 3 acres of land in rural areas and 2.5 acres in urban areas and this is to ensure that in the coming years schools should have adequate space including playgrounds for children. .
Other newly appointed village office bearers are Deputy Rangbah Shnong Andrew Sohkhlet, Secretary KP Phawa, Assistant Secretary CR Kharraji and Treasurer SB Marthong.
The decision was taken at a meeting of the committee which was attended by only a few political parties like the NCP, MDP, Khasi and Garo chiefs.
On the other hand, the SP of EJH, said that the investigation into the suspect is ongoing to find out more about his crimes.
Sec.School opened the scoring in the third minute through Younisha Thabah, while Saiden Secondary School struggled to score the first goal through Daphishisha Syngkli. in the 60+3 minute.
Police have arrested 10 persons identified as Richmond Pyngrope (24) of Mawlai Nongkwar, John Dor Sawkmie (25) of Jaiaw Jingthang, Pyn Skhemlang Lyngdoh Mawphlang (20). Jeffrey Rynjah (23) of Umkdait Nongmensong, Banteilang Lyngdoh (30) of Mawlai Iewrynghep, Mafius Sohshang (30) of Wahumkhrah Pdengshnong, Rangkynsai Syiemlieh (26) of Mawlai Nongpdeng Block-A Teibording Nongsiej, 28, Starwad Kharkongor, 22, of Mawpat and Jweslin Sangriang, 42, of Mawlai Mawdabaki Block-5
We have now learned that the mother of the child is a child after the Mawpat Village Council has conducted an investigation and search.
African Swine Fever (ASF) has affected one of the villages in Nongstoiñ where all the pigs of a farmer have died due to the disease.
In this regard, the KSU Jowai Unit has demanded that the office should take responsibility to implement all these trainings and the KSU Jowai Unit has informed that it will continue to monitor this.
It is understood from the party leaders that the party leaders have approached other party office bearers such as Bah Renikton Tongkhar, General Secretary and Bah Samlin Malngiang, Chief. Organiser, but these elders don't have the power and don't have the voice at all, besides they are too young in the party and don't know how to think, besides they don't know how to make decisions. these are the confusion.
At present, the airport is operated only by Regional Transport Airplanes (RTA) due to the small size of the airport.
Speaking at the election campaign rally for the NPP candidate in Sohiong, Bah Samlin Malngiang, Prestone said, “It is a clear message to those people who copy, please stop talking nonsense. because it doesn’t matter.
After the arrest, the three were taken to Shillong Civil Hospital for medical check-up and in the evening they were taken to court for trial.
In the first leg, Risid Dkhar Damepaia Shylla scored the first goal for Lumkhangdong Kyndongtuber 5-0 by Youth Social Welfare Pynthor. Leiyoo Phawa in the 21st & 34th minutes and Phourki Chyrmang in the 70th minute.
On this occasion, there was also a free treatment for the patients who came for treatment at the Woodland Hospital Blood Collection Center at Mawpun.
Trinamool Congress leader, who has been involved in a dispute with Governor CV Ananda Bose on many issues, has released a letter sent by him to the state government and to her, where he said he sent his greetings and best wishes for her foreign visit in these days.
Police have received a tip on the presence of these ANVC-B cadres in the area and have searched and arrested them. Mukesh Singh said there is strong evidence that these ANVC-B militants were involved in the killing of two foreign workers recently and it has conducted an investigation.
The union said that it was also found that the Trade Department of KHADC did not take into consideration the sub-sections (b), (c) and (d) of Section 3A before issuing trading licences. KHNAM said that there is no point in raiding the shops of foreigners and closing them for 10 hours. If the KHADC does not take action through the laws and regulations and KHNAM, it fears that there may be illegal trade between these foreigners and profiteers.
The competition, which was held on the 21st and 22nd of this month, was attended by many silversmiths from all over the North East.
After that, they said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has said that he will send the officials to do the census and soon the work will be implemented so that the preparation for the Synod can be completed. it shall be triumphant and prosperous.
But blessed are they who have been delivered from the bondage of sin and from the hands of the devil.
Those who have not been saved, God the Savior will take care of them.
They said that Jesus died and how could he come again? The Bible doesn't say these things because it was written by men! Where was Jesus thousands of years ago? You say that he has come nearly and has not yet come? These are the ways of speaking against people in these last days because of unbelief.
Regarding the condition of the bridge, Bah George B.Lyngdoh, said that the issue is no longer new, but it was four years ago and it used to happen. They have repeatedly demanded from the state government to build a bridge so that it will be safe for the traffic.
She also informed that an organic society called MEGNOLIA has been set up to implement fertilizer-free farming programs in the State.
After suffering from breathing difficulties, he stopped working despite medical treatment.
He said that he now intends to appoint new MDCs in KHADC who are in the PDF and the purpose of appointing new posts is to involve all the parties that have joined the PDF. KHNAM, UDP and HSPDP as well as independent MDC Bah Latiplang Kharkongor said that the new proposal is a good time for the CEM to think and take a decision.
Former Manchester United striker Ryan Giggs has been arrested for shooting his wife Kate Greville.
“Who and what we celebrate.
To bring about a sense of responsibility in the country as a whole, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has called on the people of the country to extinguish fires and stand on high ground and burn sparks. mobile phones, for 9 minutes at 9pm, on Sunday, 5th June
Shillong, June 14: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Upper Shillong Women's Wing (JAC) has invited all the people of Shillong and surrounding areas to take part in the rally to be held on the 16th of this month. The murder of Shailina Kharrymba on the 17th of last month at 4mer Shiteng, Upper Shillong.
The Minister also allocated 2 lakh tyngka for the needs of Nongpiur LP/UP School, 7 lakh tyngka for the construction of classrooms at Nongpiur Secondary School and 2.40 lakh tyngka for the salaries of teachers. of this school.
MDC Lakhon Dkhar said that the PHC was started as a Sub Center on 14th July 1986 and it was decided to upgrade it to PHC in
Tura: The farm of Bernard N Marak, BJP MDC, was raided by the Tura Police last night and during the raid, prostitution was found. about 500 condoms, knives and dakars.
Shillong, Nailur 4: A group of MDCs of the Khasi Hills United Democratic Alliance (KHUDA) led by the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem today met with the Prime Minister. Mukul Sangma has urged the government to accept the Bill to divide the new MDC constituencies passed by the Council.
The rebel group, which has ties with the government, has urged the state government to open its doors and listen to the demands of the people.
Our country is very fortunate, because almost half of it is covered by the oceans.
At present, u Bah Shylla said that once they reach Mawlong Market, the farmers are like those fish that have been caught in the fish and cannot escape anymore. you don't have to worry about the government.
NPP Leader Prestone Tynsong is understood to be visiting the state in a few days.
Lucknow: Eight government employees have been suspended following the death of several cows in Uttar Pradesh.
They said that from time to time they have demanded and informed the PWD office to urge and direct the contractor to complete but nothing has happened.
Shillong: Twenty-six BSF personnel from Umpling have tested positive for Covid-19, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma said.
He said that the two Ministers including Bah Hek and Bah Paul have differences of opinion on the implementation of the GSWSS Phase III. scheme.
The villagers, friends from near and far have announced that the missing son of Bah Shanbor has been found.
However, to say that he has resigned and that the case against him is over, that is something that is sad, because the allegations are not only against the Syiem.
Luigi Dalian Pasweth, is the only one from Jaintia Hills who has received this rank and this is an honor that he has brought to his family as well as to the entire school and the district.
Khlur said that this is a scheme that the government has allocated specifically for the poor, so the party cannot interfere, and other parties cannot interfere, but the right “If you have the right to receive this scheme,” said Bah Khlur.
On the other hand, the speakers on the occasion, urged the parents from the state, not to send their children to various schools in different parts of the country. They also suggested that before they send them, they should find out what kind of schools they are.
At the same time, the union strongly condemns these illegal activities especially in the Bholaganj-Majai area of ​​East Khasi Hills.
Bevan said that there are politicians, police chiefs or senior officers who have iit iong in their vehicles and the police are entrusted to enforce the law and if it happens that they do not do their own work, so it will show, that they are against the law.
The HSPDP will take a decision tomorrow from among the three candidates, Daiostar Jyndiang, driver of Hoping, Dofelly L Nonglait, Maieid's brother-in-law and LG Nongsiej. MDC of HSPDP in Nongstoin.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr Mukul said the Chief Minister's Youth for Green Campaign was launched in 2012 with the aim of encouraging the youth to protect and preserve the environment. to the environment, especially the already forested areas.
The driver of the vehicle was not in the vehicle at the time of the fire and no injuries were reported except for the damage to the vehicle.
, etc. as well as health institutions, educational institutions, etc.
On this day, with the consent of all, we have decided to register all the residents of their villages.
The children are like that, sometimes they love each other, they cry, they cry.
There are also people who are poor electricity (BPL) but the electricity bill is more than 600 rupees, the surprising thing is that there are people who get electricity bill up to T.552119 or more, even if they use only to burn, but They have paid in the past few months or MeECL has not paid.
In the first half, Lamare FC took the lead by scoring the first goal and by the end of the first half, Lamare FC had a 1-0 lead over Friend United.
“If the government doesn't listen, we will not refuse to hold a mass protest even during the lockdown due to COVID-19.” Others have strongly opposed the import of coal from abroad to support the Dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills.
He said that these 3000 gas consumers will be transferred to MECOFED and Meghalaya Gas Agency to ease the burden of the Khasi Pnar Gas Agency. They will get exactly the lyer shet because at present the gas consumers get only 6 gas cylinders per year and they have lost the right to get 12 cylinders per month.
Another issue that Lahkmen had to discuss with the Union Minister was to expedite the recognition of Kiang Nangbah College, Jowai for the purpose of conducting B.Ed.
In this case, you have a feeling that you don't have a purpose in life or that you don't have a purpose in life.
After winning the toss, Meghalaya failed to tied first and scored 228/6 in 50 overs.
On the other hand, he appealed to the government, MLA Sutnga Saipung of Santa Mary Shylla and the relevant authorities to provide assistance to the residents.
He said that this area is known as Lum Moo Pyrdet Pynthor which falls under the jurisdiction of Lapangap Village.
When inquired by Rupang, many of the people and also the elders, said that Bah Lapang, who is one of the most loving people of Ri Bhoi, but now his actions, show that he had no love for Ri Bhoi, and his reputation had gradually disappeared.
He said that after talking to the UDP leader, they said that they would ask questions after talking to Bah Tynsong. They can just knock on the door if they don't want to give tickets," he said.
He also became the first non-Spanish player in 60 years to captain Real Madrid in the El Clásico on 30 July, his 500th appearance for the club.
And it is the salvation of the Gentiles.
The village does not receive sugar, atta and other items while sharak is still available at a reasonable price.
However, unfortunately, when asked by those people who say that we should implement it as it was established by our ancestors, the answer is, I don't know.
“If the NPP appoints a Khasi as Prime Minister, if it is Bah Prestone Tynsong or Sniawbhalang Dhar, we will welcome this decision but from the beginning we knew that this will not happen because the NPP has already decided. Conrad will be the Chief Minister of the state,” he added.
As the Chief District Officer, Arpit Upadhyaya also encouraged the Ri Bhoi Police Department and the Village Authorities to work together in the fight against drugs. “There is a need for the cooperation of all sectors of society to eradicate drug trafficking,” he said.
He said that in fact at that time, the UDP had expected to win a lot because it was in the opposition but the people decided differently.
Through this statement, the JNC said that while other farmers in the country have received the money they deserve, but the farmers in the area have been deprived of this right.
Before the start of the work, the engineering section demanded a percentage which made the contractors work like this and maybe the engineers are experts in theory but practically there is no idea. I'm going to crane again.
“We expect that this scheme which can distribute up to 1 million 68 liters of water will benefit the people of 30 villages in the area,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
He said that the party gives its full support and will continue to call on the government to implement the Act as soon as possible, as it is a way of protecting the Khasi Pnar people.
After her death, her body was handed over to her family members for performing the rituals.
In the case of Meghalaya, in this Schedule, Meghalaya means the autonomous State created under Article 244-A and the word autonomous means the right to self-government or the right of self- government.
It may be recalled that since the repair and cleaning of the Nongstoiñ-Sohpian road which is about 9 kilometers long has been completed, the public has not been satisfied and there have been many comments.
The CEM has visited the rooms of the Civil Hospital in Nongstoin to encourage all the 16 refugees who were injured in the incident and are still undergoing treatment at the hospital. Hospital.
The U-17 Women's Team, which has also received a more thorough training in Shillong for some time, will leave on the 16th of November to compete in the tournament in Delhi.
Shillong: U BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai of South Shillong has lodged a complaint with the Executive Member (EM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Paul Lyngdoh. state, who have received once from the Dorbar Shnong, but should not renew their license unless there is another complaint.
They managed to score 120 runs for the second wicket after Meghalaya failed to catch their two wickets and made some mistakes in their bowling. .
He said that he is happy because of the blessings of God, because of some of the dangers against him.
Shruti Modi, Simone Khambatta and Rakul Preet will appear for questioning tomorrow; Deepika Padukone on November 25 and Sara Ali Khan and Shraddha Kapoor on November
Lyngdoh said that the six month extension of the government will end tomorrow but they have not received any reply from the government after sending a letter to the government ministers and the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills. too.
Those who are slow in their thoughts, their faces show sadness and anxiety.
The District Level Subroto Cup, which was organized by the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills, has reached the pre quarter final after the end of the first round at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday.
However, they changed their minds and decided to join the BJP, a party that helps the poor in the rural areas.
The Meteorological Department has warned that in the next 24 hours, there will be thunderstorms and thunderstorms, with heavy and heavy rainfall in parts of the state.
At the same time, the party urges the elected MDCs not to incite their supporters in order to harm anyone.
Nevertheless, God is waiting for them because the time will come when they will recognize him.
When asked about the HYC's response to the Khasi question, Donbok said that the HYC has not yet found the source, but he said that it is a question raised by the members of the HYC. The union has been arrested from East Jaintia Hills District, through the marketing of some wealthy people who are trying to trade.
However, Amritpal's opinion was that his wife should return safely to her own country.
Therefore, the gossip, whatever it may be, is evil, and must be destroyed.
Mynso on Friday inaugurated a pig farm under the Piggery Mission Second Phase of the scheme.
Also present were Biolinda Lyngdoh, Bah Daniel Lyngdoh Nonglait, HYC and KSU Leaders from Mawthadraishan, School Children and residents.
The meeting was enriched by the songs performed by the school teachers who urged the leaders to listen to their concerns. ngi", traditional dance and skit performance.
This was taken at a meeting convened by the Minister of District Council Affairs (DCA), Bah HDR Lyngdoh on Tuesday with the CEMs of these two District Councils.
Gout is a type of arthritis and causes inflammation in these joints, usually painful and affects the joints of the legs, but can also affect other parts including the joints, knees, the hands, the feet, and the legs.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma unfurled the National Flag and received the National Salute of the 10 Marching Contingents including the 58th GTC, Border Security. Force, Central Reserve Police Force, Manipur Police, Meghalaya Police DEF, 1st MLP Bn.
If you look at the development work that has happened across the state, I feel it is good and the development work has already been planned,” Sangma said.
The High Court has criticized the government for delaying the elections to 7 seats including 6 in KHADC and 6 in JHADC even after almost 10 years since the resignation of MDCs. The government has proposed to hold the elections on November 13 and has set the new date on November
In this regard, the village requests all the villagers who fall under the Sieñ Tube, to attend the meeting to be held on the 6th of this month at Duwan Syiem Rynkaw at 10.00 am. This is the annual meeting of the Sein Raij Tuber Kmai Chnong.
Once again, the Seng ka Sngew should remind the State Government that it should take action on the resolution passed by the Assembly regarding the subject of ILP and that the Government should not ignore it. Don't forget or don't throw your hands because this is like changing the voice or the wishes of the people because we all witnessed these things at that time.
The selfishness of some people is perhaps another reason why this small nation of ours has turned away from the colors of the West and forgotten its own.
Recently, the state government has estimated that the damage caused by the floods and earthquakes has reached Rs 300 crore.
At 1:30 pm, Langsning will play against Pohkseh.
The DFO together with its staff, came after receiving information in recent days that some private individuals continue to mine in these areas, even though they have not received The Mining Lease has been signed by the State Government through the Forest Department.
“Regarding the 5 gates of KAAC, they are older and I have phoned the CEM of KAAC and I have spoken to the KHADC. They shall not collect taxes, although the gate cannot be said anything yet as it is still in the middle of boundary talks.
It is prohibited for anyone to steal or extort money within the boundary of the village, no one shall set fire to the roads or paths of the village.
In Williamnagar, salute to Deborah C Marak.
On the reports that Dr. Khongjee said that it is good to explain to the people about the BJP party, Rothel Khongsit said, “It is the one who opens the door when it is not only How can a BJP member understand the party's position?”
Roning's brother said that they were carrying cows from Laitlyngkot to Pynursla.
Jowai: The family of a 16-year-old girl has been found dead on Saturday along with her pla and school books from Shi-kilo Sutnga. They suspected that they had been kidnapped, raped and killed and then thrown into the forest.
“Of course there are problems and there will always be problems, but what we have done is that all the political parties and even the opposition are satisfied with this, of course they are asking for clarification but they are satisfied with what the The government has done it,” said Conrad.
Shillong (PIB): The intensification of the fight against drugs by the central government has shown an increase in drug seizures in the last 20 years.
In addition, it is still difficult to travel and carry goods.
A total of 13 people have died of COVID-19, 500 new cases have been confirmed on Tuesday.
He expressed his deep sorrow over the loss of a human life in this incident.
At this meeting, UDP leaders will visit the village to explain the grounds on various issues affecting the people.
Shillong: On 25th July 2020, the Neru Yuva Center Shillong in collaboration with the Mawkdok Social Cultural & Sports Club (YCDC) has organized a Youth Club Development Convention (YCDC).
The end of these things will be a difficult time.
Furthermore, the KHNAM leader who is also the MDC of Jaiaw said that the KHNAM has strengthened its offices as part of the preparation for the protest. strengthen the demand for ILP which political parties and civil society groups have been demanding from the state government till today.
According to information, many Union Ministers will visit the North Eastern States every two months to inspect the progress of development works in the region.
“For your Father knoweth what things ye have need of, before ye ask him” (Matthew 6:8).
“The Iewduh is not the property of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima or the Ministers how can he give and sell land to foreigners,” said the EM. Foreigners should be suspended, except for those jobs that can no longer work such as Mobile Towers and other jobs that provide employment to the Khasi people.
“On the part of the Seng, we would like to express that our fellow citizens should not lose their land which is their right. “We don't want to lose our land,” said Samla Juhhi Tariang, Publicity Secretary of KSU West Jaintia Hills Unit.
All Rangbah Shnongs, Sengbhalang, Religious Leaders are also requested to join hands with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in this programme.
During his visit, the member of the National Commission for Employees held a meeting with the District Heads at the DC Offices in Khliehriat and Jowai.
He admitted that the traders have used many tricks to increase the price.
However, the present government has taken action and has been able to arrange seven border posts with Assam, three in West Khasi Hills and three in Ribhoi District.
Executive Members including Gigur Myrthong, Victor Ranee, Teibor Pathaw, Grace Mary Kharpuri, Macdalyn Sawkmie Malong, Rangkynsai Kharbuki, Fantin Lakadong, Bah Carness Sohshiang and others in the presence of Council officers.
Marconi said that according to the RTI received by the union, the first phase of the bridge has been completed but the second phase should have been completed in u Naiwieng 2016 but until now the work has not started although the deadline for completion of the work has come to an end.
“We want to go north to see the condition of the land, including the boundaries that have not been created by nature so that we can bring them to the forefront,” he said.
In this regard, all political parties have been directed to seek written permission before posting any articles related to party activities and to remove these articles. after the program has completed.
In order to be transparent and impartial, the Seng is ready to discuss this MoU in the morning,” said the statement.
He said that besides these approved villages, the government is also ready to invite other villages within the boundary of the Master Plan of Shillong to implement this cleanliness scheme.
“Just because he is my supporter in the election, even if he kills someone, I will protect him, but no, it shouldn't be like that,” he said. and he shall be punished according to the law.
They were students at Eregi Girls High School in Kakamega and could not walk or stand, but their legs were stiff, the BBC reported. This disease affects the inside of the body.
The incident occurred on the morning of November 21, when the cashiers tried to withdraw money and found that there was a fire inside the kiosk.
Ampareen said that she will not hide anything regarding the construction of the Shillong Medical College. This is the first decision we have to make,' she said.
The theme of the training was 'There is a cancer in cancer because we can beat it'
“In fact, we are happy and we don't have any objection to any development works from the people, but another reason why we have to oppose is because of the negligence of the contractor who built this road. “What we have witnessed is that there has been damage to the farmland, while the contractor has not paid anything to those who have been affected,” said L.Sungoh.
Go away to the wilderness and don't come back to our country.
In the evening, he was taken to Woodland Hospital from his residence in Forest Colony Polo.
The government at that time had banned the RSS. To revive the ban, the RSS had to fight through the law and the government.
On the other hand, the President of the UDP Amlarem Circle, Bah Kyrmen Pohshna, said that a meeting of the UDP Amlarem will be held on the 11th of this month in Amlarem to discuss this issue among others.
The Hima Sohra has allocated land for the construction of the factory and the residences of the workers.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang Constituency, on Tuesday inspected the place where the Assam Police came to destroy the signboard of the Dohkha Pond at Maikhuli. Government of Meghalaya in Mawkhuli.
He said that if the youth work hard and have the determination to achieve their goals, they will undoubtedly reach their goals.
They were drawn to politics because of the lack of alternatives and the threat of unnecessary violence if the nation fell into the darkness.
Jowai, Naitung 28: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has not yet decided whether to suspend or continue the 22 hour curfew from 8 am. 1st July 2013 and ends at 6 pm the following day on 2nd July 2013 because the Union has demanded that the pledge of the Prime Minister and the Second Prime Minister, on Saturday At the time of the opening of the District Court & Session Judge in Jowai, you must come in writing.
Then the boy’s father, who was a cloth merchant, also went missing for many days from the city of Surat.
He said that the oxygen plant has been installed at Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong and the preparations for the construction are progressing well.
Therefore, to fight against this disease, we need the hands and feet of the people to work together with the government authorities by obeying and taking responsibility for the rules and regulations laid down by the government. With your cooperation we will never overcome this disease in the state.
The suspects were identified as S Chetri, 49, and TR Sangma,
However, the Commission cannot interfere in matters relating to departments of the Government of India, as there is no National Human Rights Commission.
Villages should think in advance to provide accommodation for those who have returned from abroad who have become ill and to direct their fellow villagers to build a separate place for them. children of their hands or those who are in their households.
Raj Biswa scored 23 runs from 13 balls and Purojit Mondal added 22 runs from 30 balls for Malki. for 17 and 21 runs in 4 and 3 overs respectively.
“The government should fight against this to allow the traders and miners to transport the mined coal,” said Dr Don.
The VPP MLAs have strongly opposed the Governor's speech in Hindi in the Budget Session today.
When they go to collect the results they cry and feel sad because they failed.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has increased this to Rs 90,000 crore.
If the government separates Shillong from East Khasi Hills District, there will be many changes in development works, it will speed up jobs.
Speaking on the ban on school teachers from participating in politics, Lahkmen said the government has so far prepared how to shape it for the ban. From government school teachers to those who have received salaries from the government.
The tournament has been played since 2020 during the outbreak of Corona, under the leadership of Aiborlang Marshillong as president and Banskhemlang Syiemlieh as secretary.
And as the prominent leader of TMC in India you are here within 24 hours acting like you know everything.
The rules set by the government and the rules of God are not the same.
After the police have completed the necessary investigation, the family members of the deceased have requested to release him for post mortem and after receiving the permission from the Magistrate, the police have handed over the deceased. The body of the young man was handed over to the family members for the rest of the funeral.
Commenting on Rahul Gandhi's accusation against the TMC that it supports the BJP, Bhunia said, “We are in the middle of a struggle in Tripura where there was a BJP government and we also fought in the BJP. Goa where there is a BJP government. We are still fighting in Meghalaya where the BJP government is in power. How can we support the BJP?” defeated the BJP in the assembly elections in West Bengal in 2021 and managed to come back to power for the third time.
The MBOSE has not released any information on the date of the SSLC and Higher Secondary School examinations, said Donald Marbaniang. Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) while the State Government has not yet decided.
He said that once the report is received, the High Powered Committee (HPC) headed by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, will immediately consider the report. Government Ministers and Leaders of the Opposition who are members of the Committee.
On the occasion, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, State President of the UDP party in the state, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, President of the State Youth Wing of the UDP party in the state were also present. UDP party, Jemino Mawthoh, Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh, Pius Marweiñ MLA Ranikor, Synshar Lyngdoh Thabah MLA Sohiong, Ranee MDC Nongpoh and others.
The survey was conducted by Infinite Solution, a group from the city which used a mobile app to collect information from households from the pre-separation of waste from their homes before placing it in trucks. wastewater and also the system of wastewater discharge from the house and outside.
She said that if the HSPDP candidates win especially Bah KP Pangñiang who is the President, she will not allow him to misuse the assistance provided by the government. for the sake of the people, whether in their constituencies or those of others.
The same desire can come from others who speak other languages... Therefore, other politicians who speak other languages ​​can demand the same.
"“I am very happy with the way the girls played and they really showed great skills and now we expect that through this tournament we will be able to continue to play even better," said Quintana. .
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 93016 and out of these 90737 have recovered and 1563 have died.
Nongpoh: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, today decided to strengthen the party in Umsning, so that the candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP) it will show that he will reach the goal of success.
On the women's side, North Liberty HS School won 5 gold, 2 silver and 2 bronze medals.
A tragic incident has struck a family who have lost all their belongings due to a terrible fire that broke out on Saturday evening.
“Therefore, as the District Council, in collaboration with the village authorities, it should not only hand over the vehicles to carry the garbage from the villages but also wants to consider the introduction of Resource Recovery Centers (RRCs) everywhere. “It's a good idea to have a village in Ri Khasi,” he said.
Regarding the parking space for the Consecration of Priests and Eucharistic Procession, on the 17th July-2016, all vehicles of Fathers, Sisters and Special Invitees, will be parked in the new Parking Lot of to Balawan College, Umsning.
The seminar was held for the first time in the state in collaboration with the Shillong Press Club with the support of the Indian Journalists Union and the Government of Meghalaya.
East Khasi Hills has 53 cases, East Jaintia Hills 3, Ri Bhoi Hills 4, West Garo Hills 6 and North Garo Hills
He said that those who do these things are illegal organizations and as an illegal organization, it is the duty of the State to fight against this and ensure that such activities do not happen again.
The Chairman of the GNLA and four other prisoners were injured in the clash and were rushed to Shillong Civil Hospital for treatment.
The Kickstart FCC Rhinos beat the JNS Jaguars, winning four of their five games while the Jaguars won one.
Why should I join the Congress party when the Congress party is the party that has been defeated?”
The delta virus has spread to Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh.
A few years ago, after independence, the people used to elect qualified people especially those who were educated but now unfortunately it is not so.
According to the Act, the government once every two years distributes shatri to each employee of the Secretariat.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Kmel Nongbri said that he did not come to ask for the letter head from the Sordar and he told them that it was the intention to sell to the army and not to the doctor as Bah Handing had told them. Earlier in the meeting, he said that as the sordar was still too busy with many people, he gave him a letter head without writing and asked him to write it himself.
Because of the lack of people, all the countries of the world will have to develop quickly.
“Because the order of the Syiem says that it is not allowed to cut kilos of kimar but only khoh or ruh or byrni,” said the President of the party.
As public leaders, MLAs have the responsibility to speak and the government should answer what it has to do so that the children/students will not lose out.
He appealed to all the Kur members and supporters of the film to support the film by coming to see and witness it for themselves at Bijou Cinema.
Speaking on the work that Bah Swell has done through politics, Prof. Majaw said that our present leaders are not equal to this star that Laitkynsew has produced. u leader and compared to our leaders who are now putting mawser in the field or tarajur, u bah Swel is the brightest star of the country but we are sad because we see that he looks like this star “It will disappear because we have forgotten it in the past 15 years,” said Prof.Majaw.
4th Anniversary.
When asked whether the government intends to set a regular price for synsar, he said, “The government will not set a price for the sale of synsar, but it is necessary for the farmers to sell synsar. typically and decide on a price".
The Minister of Water Resources, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, who is also the MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency, has encouraged the youth of the area to take advantage of sports. for any reason because these days there are many young people who are in government through their skills in sports.
Kur Lamin Dawki Unit has distributed food items to hundreds of families of Kur Lamin Dawki Unit who are suffering from the loss of their salaries due to the lockdown to fight against COVID-1 -19.
When asked whether he has been involved in the past five years as an opposition MLA, Bah George said, “There is indeed involvement and if you ask for development, they involve but with perseverance. “It's a good idea to monitor the development works without hesitation. Some of them we get even though we don't get many,” he said.
However, if you search and find out, the Khasi word for Nought or Zero is Lor.
This can be done by writing in the newspapers or distributing them to the public.
The restaurants where the raid seized the liquor were Splendid Restaurant, Kelsang Restaurant, Dragon Restaurant, Kunga Restaurant, Step In Restaurant and liquor outlets. There are those who come to Motphran and Iewduh.
Speaking at the meeting, Willy said that he is happy to join the TMC so that he can continue to serve the people in the days and times ahead.
New Delhi: The Lok Sabha today approved the suspension of nine Congress members for the current session of the House for behaving improperly inside the House. They went into the House and brought it to the table of Om Prakash Birla, the Speaker of the House.
“I have explained to the religious leaders that the government has no intention of continuing this work without the consent of the people.
Those who fail to comply with the directives shall be considered illegal and shall be taken as a sign to prevent government employees from performing their duties which shall also be punishable according to the law.
In a letter sent to the Minister, the General Secretary of the VPP, Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon, said that the home guards have not received their salaries for four months. provide for his household.
She said that political ethics should be maintained and the minister should hold on to it by stepping down.
She said that the government also conducts training programs to the public on how to treat and hygiene to prevent the spread of the disease especially to prevent the spread of pylleng.
He too belongs to the Congress, who joined the UDP, so here too, the Congress has lost.
Biolin is a resident of Moowamon, Mihmyntdu District.
“He came unto his own, and they that were his own received him not” John 1:1
Today, Manipur will fight as hard as they can to reach the goal, while Meghalaya will fight as hard as they can to end the match early before Manipur can reach the goal.
“We expect the turnout to increase after the accurate counting of all the polling stations,” said the CEO. There are 369 candidates including 36 women contesting the election. The polling has been suspended following the death of former Minister of State and United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate HDR Lyngdoh on 20th June,
Jesus had already said, “You shall not worship on this mountain or in Jerusalem.” This is fulfilled now that if the Jews are able to build the Temple, the law will come from the beast and not from God.
The Lyngdoh has recently announced that the room named after the freedom fighter will be opened, which will contain the letters of interrogation of Tirot Singh and the British records will be displayed. Library.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr C Lyngdoh expressed his gratitude to Mawtnum Village for taking part in the celebration of the New Year. May it be a happy and prosperous year, and may the village celebrate with love and joy on this day.
This rule will come into force from 2nd July 2019 and will last until 30th November
“We have already asked for T.200 crore from the central government but we don't know how much we will get.
Shillong, Jymmang 2: U Banshai Marbaniang, resident of Mawsynram village, has sought information under the Right to Information (RTI) from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills. Mawsynram MLA Pynshngaiñ N Syiem on the occasion of the MLA Scheme.
The word “Khasi” is a Bengali word that has been introduced to us the children of Hynniewtrep since 1825 onwards when the French came to work as clerk under the British leadership to conquer and rule the whole of India.
Shillong, July 05: The BJP Meghalaya today announced that the government has expelled the former Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC). Boston Wicked.
Besides the singing by the children and youth of the church, speeches were also delivered by Rev. EE Lyngdoh, Rev. HH Mohrmen, Rev. D Pariat and MDC of War Central Hollando Lamin.
In addition to the workshops held in schools, the children are also given a platform where they can showcase their talents.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 5: The residents of Nongumbah, Darephang, Nongspung and other Kyrshai areas are on the border with Assam. Rambrai Hima while Darephang and Nongumbah are the villages under Raidmynsaw.
“We have sent a clear message to Mr Rymbui that he should apologize immediately, or we will have to resign from our posts,” said Aristotle C Rymbai, President of MSSASA.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2: “It is a serious mistake to associate oneself with the people of the Bible; “This shows that we don't respect the writings of the Bible,” said HS Shylla, MDC Nongkrem, while commenting on the allegations by the PDF MDCs against him that he is Judas. Shylla said that the MDCs of the PDF are all defectors, 4 from the Congress, 4 from the HSPDP, 1 from the HSPDP. UDP, 2 KHNAM, 1 Independent.
Many of the speakers congratulated the District Council for its efforts in preparing this Bill which belongs to the Kurs and many also expressed the need to give time, because this is a big task that we have to do. do right.
Eden Park, Nailar 05: Japan's women's team have moved closer to winning the Fifa Women's World Cup for the second time after beating Norway to qualify. sha to the quarter-finals.
On the other hand, those who applied for this scheme expressed their concern about the inability to provide the documents in a short period of time and besides having only one machine to print the ADHAAR No. Applicants should submit their applications within the time stipulated by these C&RD Block in the District.
He said there have been many MLAs who have come close to the BJP but the talks have not yet reached the important point.
They came to the meeting at 5 o'clock, they came to the meeting, they came to the meeting.
“At the same time, they will visit the Don Bosco Center for Indigenous Cultures in Mawlai in the evening,” the report said.
Ma HC Dkhar Vice President Central Body of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar Unit was also established and the members were confirmed by Ma HC Dkhar Vice President Central Body of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar. Hamklet Dkhar is the president, Emmon Dkhar is the vice president, Lamphrang Dkhar is the secretary and others.
Don’t just copy and paste.
Under the second Meghalaya Aqua Culture Mission 2.0 which will last for five years, T.378 crore has been allocated and T.55 crore has already been received from the Central Government.
The total number of cases has risen to 61,763, while 5,084 people are still infected and 1,031 people have died.
Besides the Deputy CEM, the Governor also approved two Executive Members, Amos Dkhar and Arbor Hima Darnei.
Shaniahskhem Dkhar, President of Wapung Circle, said that this award ceremony was held to encourage the children of Wapung Circle who have done well in various examinations. Circle invites and encourages children and youth to submit their names and marksheets and residential certificates according to their ranks.
Please share your comments.
After the report of the Committee headed by experts, Bah BB Lyngdoh proposed that a Cadastral Survey should be conducted which means that the government will find out exactly who owns the property. above any bag.
“People have been flooded in their houses especially those who live in the countryside, they have had to fetch water”.
Perhaps, in this regard, the Government of India has a vision (6) especially our youth who are willing to work for decades as regular army, this is a golden opportunity because they have been able to set a record in the history of India. They don't explain the period of their service in the regular army.
Often the impact and suffering of anxiety is accepted and can be witnessed among young people when they are experiencing difficulties in their work or relationships with others, as well as in those who have adults who may experience loneliness and depression, but it hasn’t been acknowledged that this can also affect children.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Governor's House at Raj Bhavan will be open on the 14th and 15th of this month from 5:30 pm to 7:30 pm on the occasion of the Independence Day. The Under Secretary to the State Government.
In the Junior Cadet Boys category – 62 kg, Kyrshanbor R. Songthiang won second place, Bijoy Deb won second place while Banshanborlang Marbaniang and Mebanpaia Wankhar won fourth place.
He said that from the fiscal year 2022-2023 till now, the state government has spent T.12,504.79 crore for the implementation of the PMAY-G scheme. The state government has so far provided houses to 40,096 homeless households in the past.
In 2018, the MDA-I government was formed at the residence of the then UDP President, (L) Dr. Donkupar Roy.
On Saturday, Lawmali will face Assam Rifles for the title.
What does the world see now? They are suffering.
On the 1st of November, the Dorbar Niam of the Raij Jowai under the leadership of Dolloi Waheh Puramon Kynjing with the participation of other Langdohs and their religious servants from Raij Chyrmang, Raij Tuber and Raij Ialong came to participate. in the performance of one of the annual rituals or sacrifices to the Syiem Pyrthat.
On Tuesday, 11 people were killed in heavy rainfall across the state, including 7 in East Khasi Hills District and 4 in South Garo Hills District.
What is more expensive is that these days, we see only human interaction and such is expensive politics.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 13: The residents who benefit from the Thiepjaphlang village road which connects Shilliang Rynñiaw and other villages, have expressed their surprise and cannot bear to see the lack of responsibility of the people. Rangbah of these villages, especially the village authorities, because the condition of the road has caused a lot of trouble to the people.
It is understood that the group of farmers wants the government to discuss the issue faced by the farmers.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to seek clarification from the state government on the urging of the Rural Development Department of the Union Government through the Block to set up Gram Sabhas in the villages.
There are small kingdoms which have no income, and those who do not have any income should be supported to avoid financial difficulties and not to fall into the temptation to raise money for the kingdom in inappropriate ways.
He aims to promote sports in the district by improving the Kiang Nangbah Stadium from track running areas, lights to illuminate at night, galleries to watch and others.
He said that the actions of Dr. Mukul Sangma show the lack of concern for government employees.
All three students from Jaintia Hills including Khroo Meda Dkhar of KJP Synod Mihngi Higher Sec School, Jowai who lives in Chilliangraij came in the seventh position.
West Khasi Hills has 55 cases and East Khasi Hills has 37 cases.
Meanwhile, in the match in Jowai, Shillong Cricket Association (A) beat SCA (B) by 30 runs and with this victory SCA (A) ensured that they will qualify for the final.
“If the plane breaks down, it doesn't mean we're going to ride a horse again but we need to fix the breakdown,” he said.
The donation of the right hand by the people will make the program a success, said the health authorities to eradicate polio.
This rule will come into force on 31st November 2022 in Ri Bhoi District.
He urged the residents to take it as a house that can be used by all and can provide the best service to the community.
Referring to the situation in Khasi Jaintia, it was also noted that the newly formed party of Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, the Voice of Peoples Party, has the goal of bringing about a clean and transparent governance. although it has just started, it has won four candidates.
Jowai, November 16: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) War Jaintia Circle in collaboration with the FKJGP West Jaintia Hills District has expressed its gratitude to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Garod LNS Dykes. M Rymbai EE MePDCL Jowai Distribution Division for taking the initiative to provide electricity (transformer) to Padu Bah village which falls under Amlarem C&RD Block.
Furthermore, the KSU leaders have informed many times through phone calls to the employees of the company and the KSU has already sent a complaint letter through email, but unfortunately the The employees of these companies have been complaining about the network tower and until today the network tower has not been able to provide services to the people but the company has been closed for many years. Customers of these 5 Villages.
“We will take all necessary measures after receiving the order from the court,” said Bah M Allya, chairman of the MPSCB.
The match between the two teams was very interesting as Nongrim Hills failed to play well which also shocked the spectators. The goal was scored.
Despite the efforts of the three Premier League clubs to sign the goalkeeper, the Italian giants will struggle to make a bid for the 30-year-old.
The MLAs also urged the government to take strong action against this insult to the Prime Minister.
In East Khasi Hills, 183 cases including 3 cases from Armed Forces and 180 cases from civilians, 9 cases in West Garo Hills, 13 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 7 cases in Ri Bhoi District. There are 6 cases in South Garo Hills, 9 cases in South West Garo Hills, 6 cases in South Garo Hills, 3 cases in West Khasi Hills and 1 case in East Garo Hills.
He said that the land belonging to the Hima Mylliem and those who have proper documents have been announced to be transferred to Assam. In fact, they should have discussed the issue of Meghalaya's land to Assam, not to give all the land to Assam.
Unfortunately, the treatment of toilet waste is done by humans in drains and septic tanks.
But, at the end of the day, luck knows no bounds in terms of the spoken language and the vocabulary of cinema that existed and films that were made with ambition and positive attitude that ever don't have us.
Therefore, as one of the villages under the 18th West Shillong Constituency, the Committee has taken the initiative to discuss the peace and order in Pohthaw Village as well as in the constituency as a whole.
This is a natural Pung sum, which is very famous in the state, where people from all over the country and even foreigners like to visit this place.
This National Convention was the first to be held in Meghalaya as a full state and the second to be held in Shillong after 66 years.
The body of Bah Sameer Sohliya, senior correspondent of the Sentinel newspaper, who passed away on 12th July 2021, was cremated on Wednesday at the Sentinel newspaper. Seng Khasi, Jaiaw.
According to a statement from the KSU, the Mynksa-Khlokynring road is only 10 kilometers long and has been painted since 2012 but until today it has not been completed. It has been 10 kilometers for 3 years.
“Therefore, on this occasion, let us work hard and show these three Ks in a new way,” he said.
Besides the school fees, the AMSPA also said that some schools do not pay salaries and some schools pay only half salary to the staff from teachers to office workers.
The Government has taken steps to rehabilitate the rivers at a cost of Rs 350 crore, to rehabilitate the Umiam and Ganol reservoirs,” he said. He said that the water flow in Shillong and Tura has dropped to 20 percent including in Shillong and Tura. Water Supply Scheme-III will also provide water supply.
Batskhem Thongnirit scored two goals for the team in the 4th & 50th minutes.
Gadkari was campaigning in Pusad in the Yavatmal-Washim Lok Sabha constituency.
Parents of children and students as soon as the time comes to pay school fees, college fees, buy books, buy letters for their children, how many thoughts but in the end just to get education for their children Kim banse wat to leave money so that the children can continue their education.
The perpetrators should be punished immediately.
The book was launched by O Pasi in the presence of the elders of the Susngi Kur. The book contains many stories about the Susngi Kur which started from Iawbei known as Susngi and which gave birth to 11 tribes known as Sniehblang, Throp, Skiah, Phen, Tharuh, Rwet, Sidiaw, Khynriam, Padit, Shato and Jungai.
In the second innings, Laitjem CC managed to score 106 runs for the loss of seven wickets in 19.5 overs, led by Mebanshan Kharsati. Ricky Stone Nongbet took two wickets for 17 runs in 4 overs while Ricky Stone Nongbet took two wickets for 17 runs in 4 overs. He took 1 wicket for 12 runs in 4 overs.
:The Singing Competition was held on the 27th July 2024 in South West Khasi Hills District. Rangthong and also to encourage the youth to become the best men and women to bring glory to the community and the country as a whole. .
“What do we burn to see and clean the alumuri when there is no light, even the candle, it burns now that the wind is strong,” she said.
However, many have also expressed doubts whether the scheme will work properly or not, or whether those who apply for the scheme will get it according to their wishes and aspirations.
The Minister said that in the next financial year, GSDP is expected to increase to T.46,600 crore which is about 11.5 per cent.
In the 50m backstroke, Khrawkupar Lyngdoh, Arthemius Lyngdoh and Pynkhañ Wanniang were the winners.
Ahmedabad: Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Arvind Kejriwal has clashed with Gujarat police last night over his failure to travel. Using the protection of the police, however, he went by auto rickshaw.
In his speech, Pastor Snaitang spoke about the faith of Syiem Bor Singh Syiem, who left his royal robe to follow Jesus the Saviour.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that for the first phase of the 18 entry gates, the most urgently needed are these three gates. They are located in Umling, Rata and Bajeng.
The incident happened at 10 pm this morning, when the teacher, Kong Pdianghun Shisha Lyngkhoi, who is also a B.Ed teacher at the school, was arrested. The driver, ML 05 G 5516, was on his way from Shillong to the training centre, when the vehicle (ML 05 G 5516) collided with another vehicle. suddenly and causing damage to the vehicle.
It was also pointed out that Clause 14 of the Act prohibits taking jait from one's father or husband.
In the video, Balwinder Singh, Panth-Akali, Nirvair Khalsa-Udna Dal, claimed responsibility for the murder.
In the women's category, Marqueenless Ramsiej won the second prize in 45:24.02 min, Claire Jone Jala Kharbhih won the third prize in 46:01.01 min. Wahlang won the title of youngest runner in 1:13 min and Medari Tham won the title of oldest runner in 1:36 min.
According to Sumer, the company besides polluting the drinking water wells, has also violated the rules and regulations of the Forest and Environment Department of the government. young people planning to start their own businesses and other losses.
This means that if the import of food items is banned, many people in the state will die of starvation.
“The Congress Party has been defeated.
There are also those who try to harm themselves by drinking alcohol and doing dangerous things.
Himanta is a former leader of the All Assam Students Union (AASU) and entered politics in
In the first half, although it was a short game, Lad Myrdon had the opportunity to score first and it lasted until the end of the first half.
On the other hand, Bah Nongbri informed the Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills that Ajit Sinha is not in Kulang village and this is just a slander.
The donation also included the distribution of rice, wheat, dai and other items during the fight against the spread of Covid-19, which has affected the poor who rely on day labor to Twenty-three contractors have lost their lives and dozens of others have been injured when a truck they were riding in collided with another truck at Auraiya, of Uttar Pradesh.
He added that people are now brighter compared to the past, which shows the knowledge and skills of the school children in the drawing competition on how to prevent and fight against this disease.
Then they went to Pyrdiwah and there they found that the pillar which should have stood in the middle of the river had risen up and reached the village and the Catholic church.
These are the ways of life in urban and rural areas that you can find in our Khasi country.
Nongpoh, July 11: Two villages, Nong Mawlong and Mawlong Umpih under Umsning Constituency, Ri Bhoi District, have been affected by the non-payment of electricity bill by some households. Villages using the same transformer have been in darkness for more than half a year.
The distance from Khliehriat to Silchar by car is about 119 km.
In a statement, the General Secretary of the HYC Upper Shillong Circle, Bah Francis Gee Mawlong, expressed his surprise how these foreigners are able to move freely, even during the lockdown.
NTPC has started several power generation projects in Varanasi, converting solid waste into coal and recycling it for electricity generation.
According to Emanuel's wife Quina Mary Kharumnuid, Emanuel's wife said, “They called me from home, at that time I was also sick and my husband was harvesting jhur. and they said we needed and called him out.
Nongjri market is not a village but it used to be a large market place with the Pnar and Dkhars at the time and the coal mining was still going well but now it has become a market that has disappeared except for a few. so many shops.
He did not say whether the state or central government would investigate but said, “I am still considering the law with legal experts and whatever should be done should be done according to the law”.
However, she said that even if the patient dies, it will be necessary to send for further testing or testing whether the deceased is only infected with COVID-19 or is accompanied by other physical illnesses.
In Mawryngkneng constituency, the NPP candidate won the mid-term elections with 14088 votes, the Congress candidate who came second with 12284 votes, the independent candidate Norbeth Marboh who came third. Esron Marwein came fourth with 479 votes, Arbiangkam Kharsohmat with 210 votes and NOTA with 237 votes.
Furthermore, the Seinraij Jowai has forgiven the school fees from primary to higher secondary for two months including the crèche and play school.
Regarding these many needs, the union urges the higher department of the state which is responsible for the conservation of trees and forests, to send immediately the proposals. which are in line with the needs of the department in Nongstoiñ.
“This march is to encourage him to continue in his struggle because it is a struggle for the future of the youth and the country. The participation of the youth today shows that as a nation, not only the mothers, fathers but the youth also understand the importance of this task”.
Congress leader BK Hariprasad has alleged that Amit Shah's attempt to overthrow the Congress government has led to him contracting swine flu.
The enrollment drive of the BJP will also start soon, in which the party has a target of enrolling more than 3091 people as its frontline workers.
Regarding the influx of foreigners into the state through the passenger train, Hek said that as it is now, those who enter the state have been screened as they have been screened in the state. During this time of Covid-19, the arrival of foreigners can be controlled.
Speaking to reporters, Hek said that five of them are BSF personnel; One person from Ribhoi District has tested positive for Greenwood Resort in Khanapara, one person from West Garo Hills District has just returned from Guwahati and one person from Shillong has tested positive. after returning from a wedding ceremony held at Greenwood Resort Guwahati.
His claim that the ECI has re-confirmed him as president is unfounded.
Shillong: The Sordars of seven villages, today, held a sit-in protest at the ground floor of Mawryngkneng PHC.
Jowai, Jymmang 09: The General Observer in charge of 1-Nartiang and 3-Raliang Assembly Constituencies, Madhvi Kataria, IAS on Friday visited several Polling Stations (PS) including Madhvi Kataria, IAS has ordered to improve the entrance and exit to the Polling Stations. and to set up ramps to make it easier for the elderly and those with disabilities to exercise their right to vote.
According to these 30 youths, they have promised to appoint E Chullet at MRDO in Jaintia Hills District.
Since the first day, the room was quiet and no one entered or left at all. So the staff of the hotel, went to check the room, but found that it was locked. from inside the room and so they opened the door, but they found that these men were dead.
When I was working while driving a taxi, I received a phone call from my father.
The theme of the program was, “Our Nurses, Our Future.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 22: The fourth C&RD Block in West Khasi Hills District, named Ri Muliang, was inaugurated by the MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam, Bah Kimfa S Marbaniang, MLA. MDC Bajop Pyngrope, Joint Director C&RD Block JE Massar, prominent leaders of West Khasi Hills District, Village Authorities and residents were present at the meeting held at Nonglang Village Ground.
Even the Alto, WagonR, Swift, Baleno and Dzire have seen a decline in sales.
From this area, in the shadow of Lum Shyllong, the Um-Shyllong River flows.
The Khasi people have had their own customs and traditions which are different from other peoples in the world. we have a difference from other nations.
On this occasion, he announced that the government will support the construction of a cultural center so that they can protect and preserve their customs and traditions.
The curfew was imposed as a sign of protest against the theft of job examination questions conducted by the Arunachal Pradesh Public Service Commission.
Synei to another Bah who is very strong.
“I'll call you, mother,” said Peter. “I think you'll leave at the beginning of the month.
What he means is that the rule of law has been destroyed by the involvement of those who have the right to participate in the political process.
He said that if the government does not listen to their demand, they will take other stronger measures in Shillong under the banner of All Meghalaya PM-Poshan. they are right.
The HYC has launched a surprise raid known as Operation Sier Lapalang.
He is the second son of Ma Piar Dhar and Momlis Rymbai.
He said that there are leaders of other parties who go into people's homes to give government jobs, but this is just a deception, but the NPP does not deceive those who cannot.
Shillong, Jymmang 19 : The two opposition parties, the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) and the Indian National Congress (INC) on Thursday welcomed the government's decision to the roster system is implemented prospectively.
The march lasted until the end of the match until the referee decided to take the tie breaker.
However, according to the MLAs, these Advisers or Chairman or Co-Chairman who are MLAs, receive their own MLA salary from the Assembly.
Sundaybirth Ch Marak, 43, who is also an Assistant Pastor in the village, was abducted from his house at midnight this morning.
The curfews on Independence Day and Republic Day have been called by the party since its inception in 1987, which has been going on for 26 years.
While O'Brien, Sen and Ray had to continue their terms, it was the first time for Gokhale that he had been nominated as a candidate. the election of the State Assembly.
Madan Sohdadek Sports Club has won the Inter Football Tournament organized by Madan Sohdadek Sports Club to promote football and other sports in Sohdadek. .
Of these warplanes, 10 have illegally entered the Taiwan Strait and entered the Taiwan Strait. southwest of Taiwan's airspace.
Speaking to reporters, Goyal said the dam and bridge do not pose a threat to anyone.
The main reason is that one of the members of the Commission is a retired Chief Superintendent of Police and PJ Hanneman IPS (Retd).
When contacted by Anthony's family, they said that he was forbidden to say anything, because if he says anything offensive, they will arrest him again. .
" The son turned again, and when he saw that his mother had died, Rida listened without saying anything.
Not only that, but he also carried a sleit, in which he appealed to the people to re-elect Naidu as the Chief Minister in place of YS Jaganmohan Reddy.
The Rangbah Shnong of Sutnga, said that the residents of Sutnga who go to work in Jalaphet from contractors or government employees have been insulted and raped by the MDC and the village leaders. “It is the right to strongly condemn all of us,” the statement concluded.
“Until now, we can only say that the loss of Rs 5 crore is due to the fact that the auditors have trusted too much in the chokidar without reading the documents of the church”.
At the same time, they also questioned the State Government why the Teem writing in Mawngap without a license has been banned while the KHASI is still allowed to operate the Teem writing in Polo.
In another development, the General Observer for the 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency, an IAS officer of 2004 has arrived in Ampati and will start working. effective from June 28,
In the past few months, the government has increased the salary for only 10 months.
The NPP leader said it has also become clear that the Chief Minister is not interested in bringing peace and order in Garo Hills.
Shillong, July 24 : Malki SC won the Shillong Premier League 2021-22 by beating Mawkhar SC 2-0 on Saturday at the Third Ground, Polo. , Shillong.
However, in the soul of the enemy, which itself cannot eat, and which does not allow others to eat, which kills the dohum, perhaps they will be able to increase the number of fish and that the waters of the rivers shall be filled with all manner of dohum, which shall stir up the soul of the wicked.
The Police Department has issued a strong warning to drivers passing through the Damsite (Umiam) Bridge not to overtake.
It is understood that the driver of the bus, was hit by the wheels of the vehicle, while the driver was driving the vehicle, when another vehicle arrived, but he did not stop. and, behold, the disciple was sitting in the midst of the chariot.
In fact, it is not that they are weak, but that they have done it with an unclean mind.
“If the RSS can be a Hindu extremist group and others can be a Hindu extremist group, we will listen,” said the Vice Chairman of the Students' Wing of HITO. you are not a Christian extremist group.
Shillong, November 31 : U MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie on Tuesday led the Chief Engineer of the State Sports Council Meghalaya (SSCM), Bah BM Syiem to inspect the one in Mawlai, one in Mawtawar and one in Mawsiatkhnam.
Members of the HPC including the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma also visited the construction site at Mawdiangdiang along with officers.
He asked how Bah Dasakhiat has done well for Mawhati, where until now they don't have a center to write matric examination, he has become a Minister, the people are happy but unfortunately, since he won, he hasn't seen his face yet.
They are afraid of losing their income.
The tyrud and the smer of the foreign religion that comes after the sun goes down also goes there.
Nongstoiñ, July 15: A strong earthquake has struck across West Khasi Hills on Friday morning at about 3:30 pm. they are ashamed.
It is said that three pieces of this fish can contain about 24 grams of protein, which can contribute to the body's protein requirements.
The students of Tura Polytechnic College have faced a serious problem as they have to spend about T.15,000 to buy drinking water and sanitation due to the shortage of water inside the hostels where they live. stay.
These same people are involved in inciting and inciting the people to burn down houses, block roads and create trouble and they are the ones who plan to bring peace and order for their popularity in politics.
Shillong: The semi final of the SSA Women's League 2023 will start today at the SSA Stadium First Ground, Polo. These teams include Mawlai SC, runners-up Laitkor SC, Lumparing SC and PFR Football. Academy.
This decision was taken as part of the strengthening of the implementation of the National Food Security Act, 2013 (NFSA) in order to provide free food to the poor under the implementation of the National Food Security Act NATION- ONE PRICE -ONE RATION).
Shillong: Meghalaya captain Akash Kumar took seven wickets to beat Bihar for 151 runs on the first day of the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy Plate Group at Polo Cricket Ground. Shillong.
“When I went home to ask for support, I confirmed that I will contest from KHNAM from Jaïaw constituency in the MDC elections to be held next year,” he said.
They said that those who have been suspended from next month have not received any letter from the agency that appointed them, but they have been told not to come to work anymore. from next month.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 24: Mawten Sports Club on Saturday beat Rangjadong Sports Club 2-0 in the Super Division match of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA) through the Referees Committee at Madan Artificial Turf, MDSA, Mawkyrwat.
Regarding the donation by the RBYF to the school, the elders and residents of the village, gave their special thanks and urged the RBYF leaders, to He also addressed the problems of the people in this area, by informing the government, as it is an area which has been neglected by the state government.
Taking note of the complaint from the contractors in Ri Bhoi, who have lodged a complaint with the union, that they have been treated unfairly in the allocation of jobs or the way of getting employment in various departments in Ri Bhoi, the leaders of the The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Ri Bhoi today strongly condemned the Ministers and MLAs involved in such an illegal act.
He said he will try to ensure that the implementation of the project should be completed within two years and handed over to the government.
Where there are Muslims and Hindus, discriminate against them, in areas where there are only Christians, discriminate against Khasi and Garo or between Christians and non-Christians.
On the demand for the Inner Line Permit (ILP), Prestone said the Government is still monitoring the Government of India and has not slept on this issue including the inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Constitution. Eight Schedule of the Constitution of India.
“We have lodged a complaint against the hotel, but the police have not called us yet,” said Angela. from the Minister of Defence".
But there are only a few such people.
Remember this, we don't do that!” said Sangma.
The discussion was bright and firm because the wise leaders expressed their views and agreements and convinced each other and built a new State.
Shillong: On 19th November 2021, at 9 pm, robbers broke into the Mawkhanu Service Station, Indian Oil (Petrol Pump), and shot dead two employees of the petrol pump. They were injured and were taken to NEIGHRIMS, Shillong.
Out of the 4096 km border between Bangladesh and India, 2217 km is with West Bengal, 856 km with Tripura, 443 km with Meghalaya, 262 km with Assam and 180 km with Mizoram. .
The U.N. said there were 4.99 million new cases from November 20 to 26,
The Government of India has sent assistance to Rajasthan, Punjab, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh to curb the spread of crop pests in these states.
The President of AMCO – Reverend L Simon Raomai was also present as the Chief Guest.
The union also urged the state government to inform the Election Commission of India (ECI) against the people living in Langpih area who have two EPICs, one from Meghalaya and one from India. state of Assam.
The union is also pleased to express its surprise that such foreigners come to live and stay at such a time when the spread of Covid-19 is still rampant. The state has warned the residents of the area that they may be the carriers of this disease.
Yes! In human beings we have a great sorrow for the loss of our loved ones but we hope that God from above will not leave us our children, our husbands and those who have lost us. but He will comfort and be with them in their daily lives.
Anyone who has any information about this incident can contact the Additional District Magistrate on 15, 16 and 17 March, 2014 at room no. 18, first floor of the office. The Deputy Commissioner, Jowai, has submitted an affidavit to the office.
Also present on the occasion were the Principals of these schools who reached the final of the tournament, the DSO of East Khasi Hills and the best player of the state, Wailad.
The Conrad government will recognize only those who carry AK 47 because it knows the HNLC well.
The two organizations met with the Minister face to face at Pine Wood Hotel Shillong and handed over a letter to him requesting to renew the reservation policy or quota. right to employment and employment of indigenous students of Meghalaya including Khasi, Jaintia and Garo in offices, hospitals and educational institutions under the Government of India especially to allocate more posts of nurses and doctors at NEIGRIHMS and NEIAH, as well as at NEHU especially for the posts of Lecturer and Professor and office posts. NIFT to open soon in New Shillong or Mawdiangdiang and especially for the recruitment quota in the Meghalaya Rural Bank (MRB) to recruit more STs including Khasi ,Jaintia and Garo for the post of scale -1 officer and other higher posts.
“We have to be brave, if we are stupid, even the ARPA in KHADC will not survive,” said Dr Mawthoh.
All the alumni of St. John Bosco Boys' Higher Secondary School, Sohra, are invited to attend this once in a lifetime Jubilee celebration.
Shillong, Naitung 14: BSF troops at Bagli Border Out Post, South West Khasi Hills District, this morning, received a tip that some people were trying to enter Bangladesh but when they saw the BSF, they stopped them. They fled the scene and the BSF seized 16 song.
Hamsniawpher Suchiang, Convener of the Participatory Guarantee Scheme (PGS) Group, said that the group has received a certificate of traditional farming.
However, it is difficult to explain how Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit and Dr Mukul Sangma, as the monkeys from the three opposing factions, can come together in one state.
It is alleged that these members of the UHM were bombed and shot by the Karbi who were carrying knives, sticks and other weapons.
When asked how many days the ARPA has been given to complete the project, or whether it will take months, Sumer said, “When we said to complete the project, I think they have understand it “.
James said in a democratic country everyone has the right to freedom of speech and do whatever they want.
Sohkha Mission Multipurpose Club, Sohkha will hold a Beat Contest on 14th December 2023 to showcase their talents to the world.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04 : Meghalaya boxer Torak Kharpran Sun has been selected as the coach of the Indian boxing team for the Asian Boxing Championship to be held in Jordan, Amman from 1 10th to 12th November 2022.
People from all over Khasi and Jaintia Hills have flocked to the Seng Kut Snem by holding a march with music and dancing from Iewryng Square and ending at Weiking Square, Jaiaw.
KSU President Daniel Khyriem on Monday led the group to talk to the Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU) authorities to accept classes with these students. now.
Dr. Kharmalki is also the wife of Bah Garod LSN Dykes who is currently the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District.
“The Baby League in Kashmir has helped children to participate and play these days.
Regarding the MDC elections, the UDP has been able to field candidates in 10 MDC constituencies.
However, the incarnation of Jesus has freed every human being from slavery because He has already paid the price of SIN ON THE CROSS. The first place in the world when Jesus was born was in Bethlehem of Judea where there were shepherds living out in the fields tending their flocks at night.
Especially women will not be comfortable driving at night.
Let us make the Bible our guide in life, whether it is government, inheritance, employment, and spiritual life.
Youth and community participation, dialogue with women, dialogue with farmers, dialogue with labourers.
The meeting was conducted by the Minister of Lawblei, Bah Swington Lyngdoh, a welcome song by the members of the VO and a welcome speech by the Secretary of the VEC of Lawblei, Bah Shestarly Nongsiej.
Shillong, November 11: The distribution of tablets by the State Government to Class XII students in the last two years has reached T.45,18,19,420 crore for 50109 school children in all 11 districts of Meghalaya. state of Meghalaya.
The MLA said that the bank employees did not cooperate with him and it shows that they were involved in the theft of the money.
The NPP should also remember that if the Congress with 17 MLAs reaches the point of losing ground before the elections, it will not make much difference to the party if it does too much.
DGP Hanaman urged the police to try to use good methods to protect the human rights of everyone.
He said the party has appointed a special committee with 25 members and it was this committee which proposed his name in the last MLA election. He said that this time too, it is the same committee which has proposed the name of Bah Apsharailang Syiem to be the candidate for the election. MDC Election.
The contract for the implementation of the two power projects, Kynshi Stage-I and Upper Khri Stage I & II, was signed by the government a long time ago.
In his speech, the Prime Minister began by singing the song Mei Ramew.
It is heard that the opposition to the railway is due to the influx of foreigners.
He said that the residents have been watching without being able to do anything when the Forest Department officials have brought with them knives and machines to cut down the kwai trees which the residents have planted and cared for. good many years.
Therefore, the true voice of the people calls upon all those who have been appointed to hold fast to their own illness and to be determined to unite together to unite in one group, even if it does not include anyone. The world doesn't have a Khasi snap.
Regarding the spread of the fire, Bah Pherikstone.
Do not allow small children to stand or play near streams, ponds, ponds, lest they fall into the water.
In the first leg, Mookymphad Mihmyntdu beat Saiñdur Mihmyntdu 2-1 with goals scored by Wailad Shylla in the 31st minute and Haphilabet Ryngkhlem in the 34th minute.
Director : I don't know what to do; kynto is the one who commands others who are lower in rank.
Jowai, November 30: The Jowai Students Movement (JSM) today swore in the office bearers of the Central Executive Committee for the term 2022-2 The meeting was held at the Syntu Ksiar Square.
(2) The increase in temperature will increase in the coming years.
The cause of death was identified as ARDS, COVID-19, bronchial asthma and hypertension.
From the beginning, only the words ktang, stang, jutang, holy, jyntang and so on.
The woman who was dancing with him stood next to him and hugged him from behind.
I will build, and who shall hinder me?” Isaiah 43:1
I have to wait for hours to check and sign to pay at the counter. He says it's busy but if others enter, they've done their job.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Ioanis Narleng, Rangbah Shnong of Baridua, said that the incident is suspected to have happened at 1 pm yesterday. lap in the evening.
They were angry with the statement of the MDC of Mawhati Constituency that they have withdrawn their opposition to the establishment of the Agrovet Company's poultry farm at 9 mer and Mawthei.
If the cold is severe and prolonged, it is best not to use or turn on electrical appliances such as mobile phones, wires, radios, televisions and other electrical appliances.
The difference in terms of population is up to 4 lakh, besides the fact that the Hima or land of Hynniewtrep is also larger than that of the A'chik.
Jungkook, a member of BTS, has already spoken in recent months about his desire to visit the country and perhaps this could happen this year.
The body of the man was found this morning by some residents at Dumdum in Sohkymphor, East Jaintia Hills District.
During the meeting, the Seng also warned that chess players should not take advantage of the poor, and should not speak respectfully to the people who have accounts. in this bank.
In his brief stint with Bengaluru FC, Lyngdoh has won the Reliance Foundation Development League title twice in a row in the 2021/2022 season and also in the 2022/2023 season.
During the search of the house, police found the three youths who had been abducted.
It is for this reason that the Meghalaya government has decided to hold a two-day seminar on cancer on the 12th-13th June.
"The news of Tangmar's journey far away reached the ears of Tangkasiar, a Bengali who had fled to the north.
Ninecyfull Shylla scored the first goal for West Madan Mustem in the 74th minute.
However, Kuldhara has fled his home and has to return home and has no intention of staying in Australia.
The match was very intense from the start of the match, in which Lajong played with the full support of the spectators.
The NPP has nominated six MDCs but no one has won, the UDP has nominated five MDCs and won two, the Congress has nominated six MDCs and won three. .
The Chief Minister of Assam and the Arunachal Pradesh government have agreed to send the chakma and hajong to Assam.
Regarding the Shillong-Dawki road, the High Court has directed the government to take action against the political parties who have delayed the completion of the road.
However, when they did not have the opportunity to speak due to the blockade, the opposition MDCs immediately left and alleged that it was the violence of the EC. The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem and the CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, said that the opposition, especially the senior leaders of KHADC, politics, they should have the right to violate the rules of law.
The price of the form is 200 tyngka per form and those who submit tenders must submit the receipt of purchase of the tender form and those who do not have a receipt will not be accepted.
However, as the Bill is still in the hands of the Government and the Governor, nothing can be said yet and it remains to be seen whether the Governor will approve it or not.
He said the party will win the most candidates in the upcoming elections.
Thank you very much for your support.
Don't say that all the candidates and parties are corrupt but the parties are not corrupt, it is some corrupt people in them, they corrupt them but not all.
The implementation of FASTag has caused strong opposition from the commercial vehicle drivers' association and has caused heavy traffic jams.
The scheme has opened up 45,000 youths, aged 17.5 and 21, to join the industry for four years and during that time, they will receive a salary of T .30,000-40,000 and other benefits, including medical expenses.
The actress, who is also a filmmaker and has inspired many women through her films, is delighted to take part in Cannes and says it is a great honor for her to take part. along with other film stars from around the world.
Shillong, Nailur 13 : The BJP's intention to hold one nation, one election, on Tuesday said that the BJP's intention to hold one election is one country. it is a plot to destroy and eliminate the small parties in the country.
Also present on the occasion, Bah Pradip Kurbah, a renowned filmmaker, will be present to showcase the dramatic talents of the participants, so that they can encourage those youngsters who have the talent to improve their skills. furthermore, giving roles in his films.
Marak plants 100 trees annually and has a total of 3400 trees on a 5 acre area.
The drugs were packed in the form of tablets and placed in two large bags, which were not owned by anyone. they were searching equipment at the station, according to the report.
The Indian Army and Assam Rifles on Tuesday arrested a robber from Imphal East district for allegedly involvement in robbery. Manipur has been affected by the floods.
Jowai, July 10: The construction of the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat, has been in trouble due to the quarrying of dew.
This is also part of the information to the public about the meeting of the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) held on July 1,
On the other hand, these leaders who met and talked to the father of the student and relatives, said that they too do not agree with the decision of Mody University to take the student. but that the state government and the Rajasthan government should take action to conduct a clean and transparent investigation so that the relatives can get a fair trial.
SHILLONG: A group of political parties from West Khasi Hills District have raised flags and slogans against the MDA government for its failure to resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam in the NPP election campaign today. day in Nongstoin.
Not only that, former members of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, civil society leaders, including members of political parties, have held strikes to convey to the Government the need to empower the the Dorbar Shnong and the Rangbah Shnong so that the administration of the village will be smooth and orderly, as established by the 'ñi u kong.
The family would also like to express their gratitude to all the elders, women and youth of Wahdienglieng and Cleave Colony, Risa Colony who are willing to give their right hand in such a situation. They expressed their gratitude to all those who were with them in the hospital, to all the doctors and nurses of Nazareth Hospital who have worked hard to provide proper treatment to her.
This was stated by the General Secretary of the HYC West Khasi Hills.
“The American way of cutting pork is that they take only the body meat like slain and a lot of meat is thrown away.
Perhaps we still need to turn back to the Re-organization of States 1956 Act which divided the States on linguistic lines according to the Constitution of India.
Ms.Yastika Bhatia.
KSU Nongthymmai Circle General Secretary, KSU Nongthymmai Circle who was the chief guest praised and encouraged the TULBA Sohryngkham Unit for taking a good step for the betterment of the society.
In fact, this scheme has been implemented since 2010 but the staff of this Board do not know anything.
In a letter signed by its General Secretary, Bah Roykupar Synrem, the party said that the deportation of 40 lakh people from Assam has made the party deeply concerned that these people have come to hide in Assam. Majai is in the distance.
I urge the people of the state especially the youth to come forward to take part in the elections in a clean manner and to maintain peace on polling day.
People should live in joy and happinessῆ.
Shillong: The Cabinet today approved to increase the Grant In Aid to Adhoc School Teachers.
The HYC also recommended that all the nine new Border Outposts (BoPs) as well as Out-Posts (OPs) in those areas on the border with Assam as announced by the state government in should be fully implemented, and the presence of security personnel in existing BOPs and OPs should be increased, and police forces should be provided with all the necessary facilities so that they can fulfill their of rooms.
Today, the residents of Jowai, have marched through Iaw Musiang, with placards, on the lack of attention of the state government, to solve the problem of Jowai.
On the other hand, the President of KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit, Bah Streamly Suchen, said in front of the ADC, “After we have seen this deterioration of the road, now we have to blame the government. The residents of the district, especially the school children who walk on the road, are now angry with the NHAI, they are collecting money to improve the road. “We need a good road which will not cause problems to the passengers and the people of the district and all those who come and go from this NH-6”.
US Secretary of State Antony Blinken on Tuesday said the United States looks forward to a smooth working relationship with China's new Foreign Minister after Qin Gang’s removal from the post in the past few hours.
Who can walk through this nature from the daily lynsher? Where is the District Council which should preserve the environment where we are all temporary residents? How do some increase their wealth to the point of destroying the livelihood of many churches? And how long will we mine stone and shyiap to export to Bangladesh? Why can't we produce other types of work that don't damage and kill the environment?
“When we asked one of the election commissioners why this person is here even though she is not from North-Shillong, he said 'what will I do'
The funeral service was held at the residence of Bah HDR Lyngdoh in Sohiong, in the presence of UDP leaders, women, elders and others.
The road cess has been increased by T.1 per liter for petrol and T.10 per liter for diesel.
“I don't want to allege that there will be political involvement in this issue, because evil is evil, in front of me and on this issue when I get the full report then I will know how to. “It is for political reasons or for other reasons,” said Bah Lahkmen.
The Central Teaching Eligibility Test (CTET) will be conducted in 20 languages ​​from now on, said Prakash Javadekar, Minister of Education, India. These languages ​​will include English, Hindi and Assamese. , Bengali, Garo, Gujarati, Kannada, Khasi, Malayalam, Manipuri, Marathi, Mizo, Nepali, Oriya, Punjabi, Sanskrit, Tamil, Telugu, Tibetan and Urdu.
“We are citizens of India but if those whom the Government of India has sent to protect us are involved in the shooting and killing, where is our happiness? “It's a shame to see those who claim to give us peace,” he said.
Chattisgarh Chief Minister Amarinder Singh and Buphesh Baghel, both Congress chief ministers, have expressed their strong opposition to the Indian government's NRC Act, which forces people to flee. krad and India.
He also admitted that the merger of these former MLAs of East Shillong and West Shillong will not affect the Congress in the upcoming elections.
I pray that God will bless our families.
Reports said that Marak escaped from the hands of the kidnappers last night and arrived safely at his home on Tuesday morning.
The outskirts of Shillong city such as the Umkhrah River, one of the most famous rivers in the past, has now become one of the public garbage dumps and all the garbage has been dumped into it.
The National Disaster Rescue Force (NDRF), the State Disaster Rescue Force (SDRF) and the district authorities have not been able to evacuate the people for more than two months due to the high water level.
She said that since the past, as the Leader of MAWU, she has struggled as much as she can to talk to the government especially the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to convey the problems faced by the ASHA workers. today many workers are experiencing many problems.
Earlier, I met with friends from Umkrem village and in the conversation, they told me that because of the poor condition of the road, the pum pum did not go down at all, only in the garbage along the road. However, they went to the top of the kwai trees and it was said that in these days, when they went to harvest kwai, they had to leave, because it was no longer known whether the kwai was ripe or not. and the spirit, because of the symbols of the field, was covered with pum pum.
Jowai, March 20: The All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Association (AJCCTA) has warned all transporters not to carry beyond the border from Monday.
He said that in the past five years, the people have been living in fear and have been forced to take the law into their own hands. He was shot dead by the residents of Shangpung, West Jaintia Hills District.
“They needed cooperation to get power and talks went on and in 1947 we got independence and in 1947 we got independence. that only two or three months before the signing of the Standstill Agreement , all our chiefs became independent because we are no longer under British rule and we are no longer Indians the unity between the non-states and the Khasi states,” he added.
India have won one of the two Tests 1-0
The residents who will benefit from the Athiabari-Umshiak road include those from Athiabari, Salpara, Olongop, Ranighat, Malapara, Mazpara, Umshiak and other neighboring villages.
Yumlam scored another goal in the 83rd minute to score a hat-trick and Giani Ramching Mara scored another goal in the 90+1 minute. to make Arunachal a victory.
The immigrants have won 31 MLAs.
They didn't know that these thieves were in the group because they didn't have the right to go to heaven.
In the 40+ Men's Doubles, Damehi Kyndiah and Marbiangki Bareh won by 21/13, Rimilan Passah and Jlan Kupar Roy Rymbai won by 21/1 Damehi Kyndiah won 22/20, Balashembha Passah won 21/15, Alvinia Kma won 22/20 and Lalnun Siama won 55+ Men's Singles 22/20.
We pray that God will grant him eternal rest.
There have been 115,736 new cases in India today, the highest number of cases in a single day so far.
The program was organized by the PWD Department in Maweit, in the presence of the Chief Minister and NPP MLAs Mac Millan Byrsat, Nongstoin MLA, Mawshynrut MLA Gigur Myrthong and others. others.
Although the Independence Day celebrations were going smoothly across the districts and civil sub divisions, the heavy rainfall especially in Shillong has affected many people especially the school children who went to take part in the celebration. parade at Polo Ground.
However, be careful, you may get caught in the festival of muja shongshit, which will lead to punishment in five winters.
On behalf of the organization, we urge you to accept this small donation.
Another recipient of the award was Bah Pradip Kurbah who received the award for his contribution to the production of Khasi films which is also one of the areas for the promotion of the Khasi language.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that the government has taken many measures to provide employment opportunities to the youth of the state in government departments, central government departments, companies, bank and also to stand on their own feet.
ACHIK, which has been conducting an indefinite strike so far, on Thursday urged the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, to declare Tura as the capital of Meghalaya during the rainy season.
She congratulated the Society for doing this work to serve the poor.
“Why does it take years because even their examinations have already been written?” he asked.
Phrangki Dhar scored for Luti Tuber Ialong in the 4th minute, Leader Mulieh in the 18th and 45th minutes, Fredrick Dhar in the 22nd minute and Bankitbor Dhar in the 36th, 60th and 68th minutes. & 69 and Phawame Passah scored his own goal in the 53rd minute.
This land has been donated to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for the construction of a health center for this area, as there is no health center in this area to provide the services. The residents of this area.
Vivek said that those caught drinking, drinking drugs or trafficking in vehicles along the road of the forest will be prosecuted under Section 110 of the Meghalaya Police Act and the NDPS Act. you don't have to.
Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) Leader Ajit Pawar today appealed to the state government to come forward in providing financial assistance to the farmers.
This was announced by the CEM of KHADC, Bah Teinwel Dkhar, while talking to media after a meeting with the Union of Rangbah Kurs.
“The government should make it clear through written or public announcement whether it wants to drop the cases against the KSU leaders and release the president of the KSU immediately,” he said. , said Bah Marwein and added that it is time that whatever is said should not end only in the four corners of the Secretariat.
These nutrients are not only involved in every function of the body, but they are also very beneficial to the health of the body.
On this occasion, Young Mind also performed a song sung by their group to explain briefly about the work and public service of Maheh Lapang to the District and the state as a whole. .
India were ranked 94th in the FIFA World Cup in June 1996 during the tenure of players like Bhaichung Bhutia and IM Vijayan.
The KSU Balat Border Unit has demanded that the Syiem of Bhowal Hima should collect a proper census of the number of non-Khasi people living within the border of the Hima. as it is now and to prevent the number of foreigners through this census.
Jowai, July 03: The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) under the leadership of its Chairman LD Lakiang has led a meeting to find ways and means to curb the problem of floods in Jowai. Jowai Village to the Waste Recovery Center of Umpling Village, Shillong.
Short speeches were also delivered by HWD Passah, Vice-Principal, KJP Synod Higher Secondary School, Jowai. Jowai.
Shitang Rymbai is a man of integrity and a special feeling for women and children and a desire to protect them from the exploitation of exploiters and criminals.
Some of the Jews did not believe that he was blind. And the Jews asked him, saying, Is this your son, who ye say was born blind? How then do you now see? Oh! this is our son, whom we have borne blind, but now we see, and we do not know who opened his eyes.
The third goal was scored by Emi Ianga Phawa (25).
Nongpoh: The appearance of three senior UDP leaders in Ri Bhoi, Bah Donkupar Sumer, former MDC Umsning Constituency, on Tuesday said that in his opinion, the party has nothing to do with the party in Ri Bhoi. Bhoi, their appearance has been a major obstacle for others to join the party.
" The raccoon changed his mind.
Unlike other states, Meghalaya does not have its own Central Jail.
Pakistan has launched heavy attacks on three places on the Line of Control (LoC) in Akhnoor, Nowshera and Krishna Ghati sector of Jammu and Kashmir.
Ms.Devika Vaidya3.
The Chairperson of KHADC, Teilinia Thangkhiew, announced the nomination of Bah Metbah in the House, and handed over to Bah PN Syiem to take over as the new CEM of KHADC. Metbah Lyngdoh has resigned after the ARPa understood that it will no longer get a majority in the 30-member Assembly. Grace Mary Kharpuri, MDC who has recently joined the PDF after leaving the PDF, has once again joined the PDF. The KHADC has 16 MDCs while the ARPA has only 14 MDCs . Speaking to reporters , he asked “How confident is he that his seat will last until the end of his term and how confident is he that the two MDCs who have resigned will be with him,” said Bah Pynshngain. Grace has worked under his leadership for three and a half years and knows what kind of leader he is.
However, as the proverb of Aesop says, “There is a danger in too much happiness.” Therefore, parents need to be thoughtful and vigilant to ensure that their children do not fall into temptation.
“He said that the decision not to give him a ticket is a reversal especially as he is one of the oldest and longest serving party leaders.
The Gospel of Matthew reminds us of what Daniel said about the destructive abomination standing in a holy place.
The victim was identified as Debasish Gogoi (23).
There is also a need for information on the executive, legislative and judicial functions of the Hima Mylliem.
From the start of the tournament, the Indian men's hockey team did not play well and lost 4-1 to the Netherlands in the first leg of the tournament. FIH Hockey Pro League (FIH)
Even the color of the skin will turn stem blaid blaid and the skin will not be bright and will brighten your face.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: Two civilians were shot dead by the army on Friday evening.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the doctors of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has needed to increase the post of nurses because of the care facilities have increased.
He said the government has approved the Meghalaya Mines and Minerals Development Policy, 2012 which will ensure the implementation of this policy.
According to the documents received, the four border markets under construction are Bholaganj in East Khasi Hills with the Bangladesh Sylhet Company, Nalikata in South West Khasi Hills and Saydabad, Tahirpur. Sunamganj, Bangladesh, Shibabari in South Garo Hills and Bhulyapara in Bangladesh, Ryngku in East Khasi Hills and Bagan Bari (Dura Bazar, Sunamganj, Bangladesh).
Shillong, Nailar 27: The Meghalaya Eco-Friendly Students' Union (MEFSU) has given time to the government to shut down all nine dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills within 30 days due to their violation of the environmental standards. The Forest Conservation Act, 1980 prohibits the destruction of forests for the construction of dewbilat factories.
In a statement, the KSU said that the attempt to abolish the Laitkroh Constituency is an act of force under the leadership of the incumbent CEM, Bah Pynshngainlang Syiem.
The union leaders urged the state government to take responsibility for the welfare of the people in the area, by ensuring that such development works for the border villages, you must go forward and finish.
“Regarding the implementation of the JJM scheme in the urban areas, I have worked hard and I have sent a letter twice to the Minister of Jal Shakti to request for the implementation of the JJM scheme. In the urban areas, as many of the villages are facing water shortage and among the ministers of the North Eastern Department, I am the only one who has raised the issue that the urban areas should also get “It is a great pleasure that the Central Government has listened to this scheme by implementing this scheme which has already been laid the foundation stone,” said Bah Renik. day in Nongpoh.
In conclusion, he wishes a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to all through the transformation of the lives of people from bad to good for themselves and the nation especially. young people to help people get rid of the evils around them.
Before his political career, he was a teacher for about four years (1975-78) at Marianhill High School, Jowai.
Explaining these rules, the DC said that according to the directives of the Election Commission of India, before putting up posters or banners, they should not seek permission.
The Village Leaders of Pynthorsale expressed their gratitude to the MDC for his ability to provide this vehicle to serve the people in times of illness.
More than 70 per cent of those who have died from the coronavirus in Italy have been men, surprising scientists as to why more men have died.
Dr.Fr.Sylvanus Sngi SDBI has received the NE Literary Award for his contribution in many fields especially in the field of literature which he has translated into Khasi. he translated the Bible from English into Khasi and also wrote a Khasi-Greek Dictionary and other articles.
On the day the government prepared to burn or bury his body, many protesters came out.
In a letter written to the Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma, President of KSU-WJHDU, Bah Laitphar Syngkrem said that the absence of Wikiru from teaching properly. Shylla has affected the education of the students and has become a burden to other teachers.
Please support Sookini Sutnga who is the leader of “East India” to win the Miss Tourism Queen Worldwide Miss Popular – please Like and Comment “Miss Tourism” on Facebook page Queen Worldwide”.
However, there are many who are reluctant to eat it even when it is cooked.
The Minister also acknowledged that as Meghalaya is a hilly state, there are some challenges.
Let us look a little at the skills of our people. Even Mahatma Gandhi, who is respected by the whole world, here they are still trying to look at other parts of him, it doesn't mean that they don't respect him. his vision, his sacrifices, but some people mention the 'Ksah Gandhi,' compared to the raikhoh, the bapli who remains only with a shyieng ka snep in the struggles of the country. part of the thong.
If we think that because he is an Englishman, he will be able to create literature.
The E-Invite, along with the QR Code, will have to be displayed at the entry points, along with the Photo IDs.
Tura MP Purno A Sangma said Marak was a true patriot and a great man who spent his time fighting for the rights of the people.
At the same time, Bah Lanong said that traffic jam is the first issue he will take if he gets power.
Shillong: The State Government through Notification No.EDN/RTE-24/2019/41 dated 11th June 2019, has implemented the directive of the Ministry of Human Resources Development, All schools, that the book bags of students of classes I & II should not weigh more than 1.5 kilos, III & IV should not weigh more than 3 kilos, V & VII should not weigh more than 4 kilos , VIII & IX shall not weigh more than 4.5 Kg, Class X shall not weigh more than 5 Kg.
She also mentioned the photograph of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the person involved and said that he is a friend of his. The photograph was taken in June this year.
Stopping the operation is not the way because it affects the people,” he said.
Mizoram had to bat in 74 overs, while Meghalaya, which came to tie, scored 19 runs without losing a wicket and needed 207 runs.
The total remaining amount is T.1, 80,000. There are less than 3,000 teachers including UP and Higher Secondary School teachers.
There is no hope for my children and young people.
Commanderful Sana was elected as the president and three vice presidents of the BJP.
Nangbah village which falls under this constituency which used to field its candidates every election this time is still silent.
He said that the Society urges all the shopkeepers not to throw garbage into the river.
In another development, the West Khasi Students Union (WKSU) and WYF have urged the state government to immediately set up a police station at Mallangkona WKHD which is the border area between Meghalaya and Meghalaya. Assam.
Article 37 of the Directive Principles section explains: “The provisions contained in this Part shall not be enforceable by any court, but the principles laid down are nevertheless fundamental in the governance of the country and it shall be the duty of the State to apply these principles in making laws.
In the first semifinal of the Upper Division, Lumpynngad SC beat Sohlawait SC 5-4
However, EKH scored only 31 runs for the loss of six wickets.
Speaking one after another, the leaders of the four organizations, expressed their regret over the inability of the state government to do anything to curb the illegal entry of foreigners. If the CAA is implemented in the state.
When the Creator put me like that, for only a short time, my husband, who was able to walk, died and was injured in a car accident.
Kharpuri said that according to the decision of the meeting, agricultural products under 35 kilos imported to Ïewduh do not have to pay tax, but 35 kilos and above to 50 kilos should pay T.10 tyngka. and if it is 51 kilos, you will pay T.
However, I am happy to see that the people support me despite the difficulties I face,” said Bah Ardent.
The main purpose of this is to inform the residents how to have and take responsibility for the preservation of drinking water.
I wanted to wait but I said it was too late to go home.
A case has been registered against the suspects in Khliehriat.
He said that if there is a road passing through these areas, it will also avoid the pollution of the environment from the spread of garbage such as plastic and others.
When asked whether the government has approved the HPC's request, Dhar said the question of approving or not approving the Committee's demand does not exist and that the change in the shap cannot. thawed to the public by November 7th.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, these six new cases are from East Khasi Hills (4) and West Garo Hills (2).
Nongstoiñ, Lber 31: The Nongstoiñ Town LP Schools Sports Meet, organized by the Nongstoiñ Town LP Schools Sports Meet, was held on Friday. St Francis of Assisi School Siejlieh won the overall championship.
Through this App, there are now up to 7000 ASHA workers who have received their payments directly into their accounts.
He said that on Thursday he will soon meet with the Minister of Water Resources, Bah Brolding Nongsiej along with the petition submitted by these two villages.
The last meeting between the political parties and the government was held on 15th July.
The Health Department has set up one Sub-Centre with 3 ASHAs while the PHC is located at Nongkasen.
The DC ordered the removal of the locks and sent Magistrate Bah Marwein to Dalmia Cement to remove all the locks.
Erwin said that the State is in great distress these days, due to the coal ban, quarry ban and now, there is only one way and that is to In terms of tourism, people earn money in parts of Shillong as well as in East and West Khasi Hills Districts.
Speeches were also delivered by the Vice President of the NPP, Bah Jansing Tynsong and others.
It is true that there are many organizations that oppose the Public Hearing but they have disappeared without understanding like the JSM, 6 Shnong Wah Lukha Association and others.
She said that in the past she had to work in the homes of people but since she took up this job she has been able to employ other farmers who now have 11 farmers in her farm. Dkhar.
In her complaint, Agnes said that MLAs/MDCs should not serve two masters, because according to the Constitution of India, no MLA or MP of the Lok Sabha or MP of the Rajya Sabha who is a public leader cannot serve two masters or take advantage of two positions.
He added that he has already received information from each village and many more are in need of such assistance.
The HNYF together with the youth and parents of Jaintia Hills District said that more than 1000 youths and women have passed the written test conducted by the police department for the post of AB and UB Constable of 6th Battalion but their names have not appeared on the list for personal interview.
The Prime Minister discussed the need to provide various facilities in tourist areas like Sohra, Umiam as well as Nokrek and Balpakram.
SHILLONG: The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) will hold a meeting of SSA teachers in East Khasi Hills District on the 10th of this month at Riatsamthiah Dorbar Hall, Shillong. Secondary School at 10:30 am.
Speaking to reporters in the afternoon, Kejriwal said that hospitals in Delhi will accept treatment only for Delhi residents due to the coronavirus. He said that those hospitals run by the Government of India can operate as usual to receive all patients. individual.
But since there is no other way to live, how can we stop them?
When looking at the signs of kidney disease, bleeding in the urine may be due to tumor-related problems or kidney stones.
“These children have been without food and other benefits provided by ICDS for two months now,” she said.
The NPP has lost from both the Tura and Shillong parliamentary constituencies.
Requesting the people to support the rally, the party also requests all the law enforcement agencies of the country to take part in the rally.
HSPDP East Khasi Hills Leader Ardent Basaiawmoit and other party leaders will be present on the occasion.
“I was very happy when I received this money in October this year.
They also demanded compensation for all those injured and those who suffered damage to their property.
Recently, heavy rainfall has caused heavy road collapse and has caused traffic jam and damage to the road.
His daughter does not study here and after graduation I believe she will not want to come and live here in Meghalaya.
Among the political parties that won the election, the Voice of People Party (VPP) won the most shocking victory with four MLAs, and the victory in Mawlai constituency was shocking. I'm sorry for the people, because no one expects the victory of my candidate to be overwhelming.
– When I write on this topic, I don't write rudely, but I write the truth that we should know.
During the clashes with the police, the crowd managed to enter the venue and destroyed the hall and tables and chairs.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) has called on the Assamese people and the residents of the area to refrain from activities that cause violence and to oppose the perpetrators. against the nations.
Shillong, Nailur 04 : The Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, today said that the leaders of the HNLC, which is an illegally registered armed group, have arrived in the state with an understanding to start the peace talks without preconditions.
Police are conducting investigation to arrest those involved.
A team led by AHAM – Gasuapara Unit and AHAM CEB HQ General Secretary, Clinton R. Marak visited the village on Tuesday following a complaint from the residents regarding the situation in the village. village and how children have been deprived of the right to education.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) Sohiong Circle today held a group song competition from different schools. They are located in the areas of Nongkseh, Sohiong and Weilingkut.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Hosteller's Union (NEHU) today renewed its office bearers for the 2023-24 term. The meeting was conducted by Comingstar Kharsyntiew (Former President). ) in the presence of Joplin Patlong (former General Secretary).
Although the Supreme Court has rejected it, I expect the state government to talk to the Indian government to resolve this issue for the benefit of the people”.
Jowai, Naiwieng 16: The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today donated jackets to journalists on the occasion of the National Press Day. news from Jowai.
The message says that the Jewish Messiah will speak to the world next year, speaking of peace and of the Temple that he will empower to build.
A case has been registered at Amlarem PS under Section 376 of the Indian Penal Code and Sub Inspector O. Tyngkan of the Women Police Station has been handed over to the Women Police Station for investigation. They were sent to the Superintendent of Police.
We currently spend about 0.8% of our GDP on education and research.
In the first half, Myriem opened the scoring with two goals but Wahkaji turned the tide with Kynsaibor Thongni scoring both goals. The first goal was scored by Bapherbak Nonglang with an assist.
Ma Kyrmen Shylla, Minister in charge of Revenue and Disaster Management Department, Government of Meghalaya in his speech, praised the responsibility of Bah Pius Marweiñ, MLA Ranikor Constituency, Deputy Commissioner, and all the officers of various departments to organize this festival which is the first time in many years.
The All Star Boys became the winner after beating Boys United 7-4 in the Futsal final.
Through this incident, it is believed that men are more susceptible to the disease and thus up to 60 percent of the deaths are men in Italy.
However, I want to surrender myself to him,” Amitabh Bachchan and Jaya said in the interview, saying that they started getting closer while shooting for Guddi.
New Delhi: At least 42 people have been killed in heavy rains in Uttarakhand today, most of whom were affected by landslides and floods.
Surprisingly, the Chowkidar is higher than the Secretary in KHADC and this is a little shocking in front of the world.
The office bearers of the committee include Chairman Barnabas Lyngdoh, General Secretary John Lamarai, Finance Secretary.
The strike of the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners' Association (JHTOA) has started on 5th March.
In a letter sent to HANM, the residents said that the banks of the Umïam River have been damaged along the way, and the water has been stagnant and they can no longer use it to wash clothes and to bathe. .
They will be questioned for five days by the police. Police have requested the public to inform the police immediately if they see any suspicious persons.
The Telangana Government has continued to explore the possibilities regarding the proposal for the provision of Medical Colleges. place of training.
According to BJP sources, there will be no public meeting during Shah's visit but only a meeting with supporters, BJP leaders and members at Polo Towers Hotel.
The measure was taken with the aim of preventing the spread of any articles, photographs or videos that could cause further incident.
After the closure of these factories, the management of these factories called for talks with the KSU and the KSU on one ground demanded the appointment of these two persons and these factories also had to agree.
He said that as these 18 villages are part of the Raid Nongtung for many hundreds of years, the mawniam, mawbah are still standing today to witness the ownership of the Raid Nongtung. you raid these places.
In the voting, the opposition and the ruling party received 14 votes each, but through the voting of the Chairman of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, he voted against the EC. The Congress MDCs in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today raised a no-confidence motion against the EC led by Bah Teinwell Dkhar.
I asked why, and it turned out that there was a need for children at school.
During the meeting, the Minister immediately phoned the officers in charge of the department to stop the Municipal vehicles carrying garbage from these areas near the barracks and also to stop the Assam vehicles to buy these scrap items.
The current Sirdar is Bah Wiston Mawa, and the election of the Sirdar is once every five years.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the state government has taken all measures to curb the entry of foreigners, while it is reviewing the Meghalaya Residents, Safety and Regulations. Security (Amendment) Bill (MRSSAB), 2020.
Then the elders of the phongsut and of the non-shi sut also put the tai in the ryndang.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, BJP Meghalaya President Bah Khlur Sing Lyngdoh said the party is still in the process of thinking and is waiting for the news from the BJP mandal in Nongstoin.
If the ball is clear of the goalkeeper, it cannot enter the goal.
He said that many people heard his cry but were afraid to come to help.
A total of 41 sites have already been acquired and are scheduled for completion in three phases, and 21 are scheduled for completion in the first phase.
In the Special Jury Award, Apaiba Leichil won the Best Acting Award for Manipuri film.
The Government should also inspect the factories in our state and direct them to manage the waste from their factories in such a way that they do not pollute not even a little of the earth, the air, the water, or the earth.
Dr Jack Shonkoff, the chief speaker of the day, will discuss children.
It is said that at home the children ask these questions, what shall we eat tomorrow? And where will we get money to buy food for the next month? Not to mention the rent, rent, medicine, electricity, rnga, fuel and school fees if schools open at any time.
He was also rejected as he wrote in his article “Reject fanaticism in any form!” It also made me ask: is this Father a missionary of Love, Faith and Hope? " It is sad to see that there is a priest who should show himself to have the knowledge of theology. and that he should also be a pious man, but he reveals himself to be a democracy fanatic or a democratic fanatic.
Shwari said that the MDA government has not taken steps to develop sports in East Jaintia Hills District despite the fact that there are many talented children who have graduated from East Jaintia Hills District. also serves the state.
He said that the Sohra district has been arranged since the lifetime of Dr Donkupar Roy and he hopes that the Prime Minister will respect this, as it is the dream of Dr Donkupar Roy.
Shillong, Nailur 13: Members of the Press Council of India (PCI) today held a meeting with journalists in Shillong to understand the problems faced by journalists in the state. , they meet.
According to my information, the Seng Khihlang usually holds a Lympung to gather the Kurs of the Khasi community on Saturday which is the day when the Kurs and Khas of the Khasi community. All offices, banks, schools and other workplaces are closed and please note that the Lympung ka Seng Khihlang on Wednesday is not to invite Christians or to hold it on It is the day of the Christians or the day of the gods of the Christians, but it is a day of rest for the whole nation.
These players now want to continue that journey in the upcoming Canada Para-Badminton International Tournament
“We have not received any information yet, the VAB is still in the hands of the Governor,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
“Referring to the allegations of corruption, Ao said they were just ideas that came out before the elections.
On the other hand, MLA Bah Embhah explained to the people that although Mawlai has received its own block, many jobs will still have to go to Mylliem block, like the previous MLA scheme. Regarding the road to the office, the MLA said that he has spoken to the PWD engineer to urge him to repair and improve the roads before opening the road. the office of the block.
Hamlet said that Ronnie wants to leave the class but from the post of Minister and MLA, he wants to contest for the MDC election. “I have defeated Bah Ronnie in the MDC election which he contested when he was an MLA and I am not afraid to contest against him in the upcoming MDC election 2019,” she said. I have defeated Bah Ronnie when he was MLA, I don't have any problem to fight against him now,” said Teilinia.
Meanwhile, in Ialong, SI E Pohchen and his team distributed foodgrains to six families, said Bishar Shylla who attended the distribution.
“They come every day not only the metor drivers but also others who act like they are the last children of the government.
She said that the new cow market will not be moved to one place, but the council is preparing to find a place in Ribhoi District.
Laitkor are the only team to have won a full victory this season, after winning all four group games and losing only He scored 10 goals against the PFR Football Academy.
He said that the introduction of the three-month budget is due to the shortage of time.
On the other hand, the MLA urged the youth of the constituency who want to work at this hospital to work hard and prepare well to prepare for the examinations conducted by NEIGRIHMS and to follow the vacancy announcements at this hospital. care facility.
To prevent leakage of revenue and also to prevent benami activities which allow non-citizens to work and earn without paying taxes to the Government.
However, the shackles of death threw Jesus into the courtroom of Caiaphas, the high priest at that time.
Shullai said this while delivering a keynote address at a seminar organized by the Assam University, Silchar through the Department of Political Science.
On the other hand, the students of the college said that tomorrow they will hold a march from the college to the DC office as a sign of protest against the government's silence on the demands of the students. They also invited the people and political parties to join hands with the KNGCSU in this march.
Also present on the occasion were Nongthymmai MDC Latiplang Kharkongor, former MLA Jemino Mawthoh and others.
“Now that it has been opened, we want to use it but the answer is yes, it has not been completed.
They chose to serve, not point fingers.
The closing ceremony was attended by Bah Eldie N.Lyngdoh, General Secretary of FKJGP, Bah Tamdor, Sengkmie as Chief Guest, Kitborlang Nongphlang, Vice President of FKJGP. Among the invitees were Khrawkupar Nongsiej, President FKJGP, Mawlai Circle, Johny Khongsit, Shanbor Rapsang, Dunli Majaw, who took part in the distribution of prizes and medals to the children. Also present on this occasion were teachers of various schools, students and others.
Many feel that this is the difference between the ministers of the UPA government and the ministers of the NDA government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The question is whether these officers will receive only one salary or both.
Let all eyes turn to the Son of God.
Ganesh Rai of East Khasi Hills won the Best Veteran award, Best Ribhoi Player award went to Bah L. Syiemlieh and Best Girls Player award went to Amezia Sangma of Garo Hills.
According to the RBSK report, from April 2023-March 2024, more than 14 lakh people have been targeted for treatment.
No longer for the glory of God, but for the desire of the Jews or Israel themselves because they wanted a Temple to worship God, which they lost in 70 A.D. That was the period of 42 months. or 1260 days, it will be the time of the great tribulation period as soon as the Temple in Jerusalem is built.
Nongsiang said JACATAM will stand to protect the teachers and if anyone is harassed by any authorities because they joined JACATAM, the party will stand together.
He expressed his excitement and desire to see the two Khasi films Onataah and U Syiem to be screened at the three-day festival.
The winner will receive a cash prize of T.2 lakh and the runner up will receive a cash prize of T.1 lakh. with other prizes.
“A lot of work has been done and there has been research, consultations and today we have been able to bring this policy to the Cabinet meeting and approve the State Mental Health and Social Care Policy,” he said. .
Villagers reportedly gathered at the police station in Silbari to block Laden's movement.
On the other hand, the speakers encouraged the students to choose the path and talents they have and not to follow their friends, and to have a goal in their lives. They should not be hopeless and think about the future, as many young people especially in the rural areas do not know where to go and do after their studies.
Up to 93784 people have been infected in the past few years but 92176 have recovered.
“There are children from poor families who want to go abroad to study but they don't have the opportunity but if there are training centers inside the state it will be beneficial and we don't need to go abroad. go ahead," he added.
They will pity him that they have rejected him.
Clement, 58, died after several months of illness.
" Men Kpa said, "You know those people.
In another incident, WJH Police while on patrol at 10:30 pm this morning, arrested a coal truck in violation of the NGT order. The vehicle (AS01HC-0750) was arrested from Lad-Pasyih under the direction of Ferdinand Rymbai of Moodymmai and his follower, Nehlang Challam of Ummulong.
Rupang.com will follow the results today for Shillong, Tura and across India as well.
On the part of the Waheh Shnong Kyndongtuber, in his speech, he welcomed and expressed his gratitude to the Ram Krishna Mission which has been able to provide assistance to 130 households with food items.
There are 298 men and women who will take part in the marathon divided into two groups - U-12 and U-1 NNN FC beat Ardong Combined United FC 5-4 in the tie breaker. In the Marathon, the title was won by Ardong Combined United FC. Fredison Dkhar won the first prize in the U-15 category, Plieshai Nongrum came second and Mebaaibiang Lynshiang won the third prize.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has given a green signal to the State Education Commission to constitute the State Education Commission to look into the issues. There are many types of educational institutions in Meghalaya.
God called the Israelites, “Cleanse yourselves, make yourselves clean, put away the evil of your doings from before me: turn away from doing evil”.
However, when we look at the results released by the Meghalaya Board of School Education recently, the pass rate in the Secondary School Leaving Certificate is only 51.93%. The Higher Secondary Leaving Certificate was 80.30%.
If they say yes, we will decide whether to suspend or not,” he added.
We appeal to the people of Hynniewtrep to be as respectful and respectful as in these times.
In a letter to the DC, the former MLA of Mylliem has requested the DC to repeal Section 144 of the Act and to consult with the people of Mylliem so that the poor will not die. thngan and he said that the consultation will not bring trouble to the people who work day labor in such mining areas.
The treatment began in the late months of September and in the midst of great anxiety and doubt, one night the wonderful hands of the soldiers came to comfort and the voices of hope cried out, “"
After handing over the letter to the CEM in the presence of EM Phasmon Dkhar, Pariat in a statement to the media, said that in Jaintia Hills there are many Kurs and Jaits. The District Council has not recognized the Jait Kur within the boundaries of the JHADC for 70 years. It is time for the Council or the Dolloi to recognize the Jait Kur within the boundaries of the JHADC. Pariat said that many of the foreigners have taken over the jait kur and he gave the example of the Pariat clan as it is now. The KharPariat and this is the reason why the District Council does not have the right to vote.
Shillong: Three illegal coal trucks have been recovered from a petrol pump between Mukhla and Khliehtyrshi villages in West Jaintia Hills District.
Furthermore, the stadium has also hosted the North East Olympics with more than 4000 participants from 8 states.
Ahead of the MP Lok Sabha elections in the coming months, the State Government has dismissed the Chief Superintendent of Police (IPS Officer) Vivek Syiem. He has been appointed as the SP (City) of East Khasi Hills for the third time in the district.
There are many words to discuss, which we don't know how to mention, because the acquisition of this state, which was known as a rural state, but now, it has become a rural state and Furthermore, this is a state without borders and we don't know yet where the border of this state is from the east and from the east and from the west.
At the same time, she invited those who need assistance and meet with the law enforcement agencies to come to her office and inform them that their office is ready to assist and advise on those issues. section.
“There is a lack of leadership and there may also be corruption because they cannot identify the place to build a garbage dump,” said Vincent.
“Besides, the leader of the KSU NEHU Unit said that the KSU has received information that Nantu Das has requested the refugee to make peace and forgive him so that he can escape from this violence.
Shillong: Mylliem MDC Teilinia Thangkhiew, who is also the Deputy Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), on Tuesday said that during her tenure as MDC, she did not join the party like other MDCs. from the HSPDP after the expiry of its five-year term.
The NPP has nominated two women candidates for the MP election, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh from Shillong and Agatha Sangma from Tura.
Speaking to media after the meeting, UDP Working President Paul Lyngdoh said that these decisions are to urge the Governor to expedite the signing of the Meghalaya Residents Ordinance. Safety and Security Act 2016 and another decision was to demand from the Central Government to completely exempt Meghalaya from the Citizenship Amendment Bill as the exemption only of the Sixth Schedule areas is not enough.
Kharbani was speaking during a meeting with Rangkynshai Kharbuki, Executive Member of Trade Department and Victor Ranee EM of Labour Department.
