According to the RTI received, Curtis Rani said that the work orders have been distributed since 15th November 2019 but till now, these public toilets have not been implemented. It is clearly stated that they must complete within 30 days from the date of receipt of the work order.
Shillong, June 1: The National Green Tribunal on 21st October 2015 has ordered the fine of Ma Sarki Phawa to pay T.5 lakh and confiscated his coal. , who is located in Chamchang and Kongyong villages as well as the reason, is because he violated the order of the Tribunal.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lakmen Rymbui, today said that the state government has already directed the Director of Education Department to write a letter to the Minister of School Education and Literacy. Sub Division Education Officer (SDEO) to talk to the school principals and teachers, on the decision to reopen schools across the state.
On the other hand, he also expressed his special gratitude to the teachers who have been honored who have contributed to the society and especially to provide education for the children. by encouraging and encouraging them to continue to work and progress because without them the country will remain in darkness.
The President of FKJGP Shakhoikuna Circle Bah Khil Maring said that the deterioration of the road has caused suffering and inconvenience to the people. This road is very important in the area which connects many villages and reaches the border villages of Meghalaya and Assam to Marmaiñ, but has been neglected for decades without cleaning. It is on this basis that the people have come out to repair this road for the safety of the people.
They have already held the Sohra Marathon and Shillong 10k and this time they plan to hold it in Mawkyrwat.
The incident happened this morning at 7 pm, when a truck coming from Jaintia Hills, collided with the shop, until the shop was damaged and all the vehicles. The goods inside the shop were completely destroyed.
It was also decided to convene a meeting of the supporters of Bah HS Shylla, on the 6th November 2017 at Lad Nongkrem at 7.00 pm. I would like to congratulate the Peoples Democratic Front (PDF) for accepting Bah Hilarius Pohshen to contest from Nongkrem Constituency at a meeting held this morning at the office of Bah PN Syiem, CEM. Nongrim Hills”.
The Minister assured that the State Government will work hard to alleviate the suffering and hardships of the people in terms of health and will fight as much as possible to ensure that all the citizens of the State have access to health care. perfect treatment.
Manstudy Nongrem MDC of Congress from Langrin: I agree with the statement of Umsning MDC that political parties have not applied for T.133 crore. The EC is now involved with Bah HS Shylla who passed the Ryngkoh Dieng Kper Act in the District Council at the time of his nomination. you cannot create this law.
About 32 teams from different villages in the area have come to participate in the tournament.
At the same time, Paul said the UDP will consider better the Shillong Parliamentary constituency while the Tura constituency will be left to the leaders in the area, as the party is still in short supply. and the vote in the last MLA elections and did not win a single MLA.
At this meeting, many issues were discussed such as the allocation of seats and the participation in the Bharat Jodo Nyay Yatra, which will be one of the public campaigns of the group to attract the people. voters.
a.
Therefore, it is necessary for the government to provide training opportunities to the village leaders so that they can become skilled leaders and know the rules of social law.
Therefore, if the union finds anyone who is still committing these crimes, the union will punish them according to the rules and regulations of the Dorbar Shnong. Village.
On 5/8/2019, a group of 10 friends from the Shillong Choice team left for Shillong at 11 am. .
Nongpoh: On the night of the 25th of this month, Ri Bhoi Police, on Tuesday received a tip that two 10-year-olds in Kyrdemkulai (5Kilo) village have been injured and sleeping in the middle of a road. When the police arrived at the scene, they found that the Longkmie, who was present at the scene, had died, while the man who was also the husband of the Longkmie, was still alive.
Shillong, Jymmang, 20: Police of Sadar Police Station on Saturday arraigned four foreigners who were arrested from Guwahati on Thursday for allegedly shooting and wounding two A taxi driver was arrested on Friday night at Khyndai Lad, Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Enbok Marak, General Secretary of FKJGP Aradonga Unit, said that the FKJGP has conducted this inspection after receiving a complaint from the residents of the area. The veterinary has been out of order for many months and the place has become a shelter.
The pollution of the air has been caused by many reasons as found by the authorities and this has been caused mainly by the tdem and pum pum.
Therefore, those elders advised her not to go to the streets to tell about her household chores, but to tell them to the elders.
The suspect was identified as a Khasi, aged 35-40 years, 5 feet tall, wearing a blue jacket.
The Commissioner of Home Affairs, Nagaland Government, Abhijit Sinha, said that the Nagaland Government has not yet received a complete report.
Chris became famous as a tyngshop after playing the role of Thor in which he received praise from many viewers.
The Assam government has prompted the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills to take action before the protests and criticisms of the public.
“I think the BJP as the biggest party in the country should not only look at Meghalaya, but should also fight against other states.
Another drone which entered parts of the country was shot down by troops in parts of Amritsar Sector on Saturday night. 3.3 kilos per package.
Jeffery Surong scored the third goal for Nongrim Hills in the 24th and 32nd minutes while Mickyson Tangsong scored the third goal for Nongrim Hills in the 37th and 37th minutes. Sawmer FC didn't manage to score a single goal until the end of the first half.
Although the Ministry of Education has the authority to act according to the order of the High Court, the report of the HLSC has to be brought back to the Cabinet.
According to a statement from the SP, the 50-year-old man committed suicide by hanging himself at his house near Lady Keane College College at about 7 pm.
Awareness campaign was conducted through Kong Kynjai Rupa Mawthoh to the people on the need to use their vote properly, to fulfill their duties properly, to elect freely. leaders without being restricted by anyone and that they should not waste their own vote.
New Delhi: A total of 125 people who arrived by plane from Milan to Amritsar have tested positive for covid-19, today.
Iawphniaw said the government cannot also allocate the land that has been allocated to Assam since the creation of Meghalaya.
In the second half, SCA-A responded to SCA-B by scoring 254/4 in 45 overs.
These talented children go to work and serve for foreign companies and many of them go to work outside India.
The suspect was identified as Savio Diengdoh of Pynden village.
Other teams in the state team include Hyderabad, Nagaland, Mizoram and Sikkim.
The CBI team has arrested Sisodia on charges of corruption in connection with the delay in the implementation of procedures within the Excise Department in Delhi between 2021-2
When asked why the police were sent to take Victoria from the hospital when she arrived there, Dr. Agarwal replied, The International Hospital does not have a Psychiatric Ward and for that reason she has not been admitted to the hospital and there are no nurses in the hospital to look after patients like Victoria. has mental retardation).
Almost all the political parties, even those working with the NPP in the MDA government, have turned against the NPP as if it is ruling alone.
In the presence of LT Tariang, MCS, Mawkyrwat, YR Mawlong, MCS, K.S. Nongsteng, MCS, Assistant Commissioner, AC/BDO, Ranikor C&RD Block and other officers.
I want to greet you friend who lives in Sohra i Baphishisha how are you now it's been a long time we haven't met since 2012 until now how are you? SMS to this no,9774441261 frm.
Sikkim authorities on Tuesday said that 124 students from the state have been able to return from Manipur following clashes with Heavy bloodshed has occurred since the 3rd of this month.
The training program was attended by ROs of 32-Nongstoin and 33-Jyrngam Assembly Constituencies, AROs, AEROs, EROs, Sector Officers, Zonal Officers, Police, District Heads and others. others.
The MDCs don't want to appoint a full-time Syiem because they don't have the opportunity to interfere in the affairs of the Hima,” said Bah Dohtdong.
Therefore, these two teams will have to fight hard in the final match on the 26th to become another team to qualify for the I-League, as two teams will qualify for the I-League. you're lying.
The report said that on the 1st of this month, u Ioobas, on the 1st of this month, stabbed at night and carried a knife to kill the villagers and village leaders.
Shillong: The Director of School Education and Literacy, Ambrose Ch Marak, today confirmed that in 2021, the Domiasiat Government LP School will be opened at Domiasiat village.
Speaking on the increase in the price of beef, Bah Generous said that as buyers, if they feel that they cannot survive to sell at 10 tyngka, they increase it to 12 tyngka and if they don't feel survive, they increase it to 12 tyngka. 15 And the same is true of those who sell oxen.
Referring to the KHNAM which does not have MLAs but has MDCs, the Pastor said that in the place where KHNAM does not have MDCs, he has given them the responsibility to look after and do it themselves. “This defeat and the lack of votes,” said the Pastor.
Besides, the union leader said that they have also informed about the shortage of staff in the Sub Health Centres.
On the opening day, Maitshaphrang FC played against Lai Ngut Chi Dus.
The Dolloi has announced that Ma Hundred Phawa has been appointed as the new Waheh Shnong of Mukhalialong.
The deadline for submission of nominations is 15th November.
Such children who are too intelligent have only 5 or 10 percent in each class.
In the following season, these two teams won the Super Division.
Not only that, the SNSBH, is surprised that the State Government, has not released the minutes of the meeting, which the two sides, met on 31st July 2016, at the right time, where Shillong, 8 July: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit, after finding that many foreigners, come to trade and do Benami in Jaintia Hills without obtaining a trading license from the District Council; The KSU JHDU has met with the CEM of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Shillong, Nailar 03: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday issued an order ban ban the sale of knives and knives in Khyndailad and Jail Road. He said that he has met with the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District, Kong Isawanda Laloo to discuss the issue.
During the dry season we all suffer from the shortage of water and the suffering for water has fallen on all of us.
Sunrise CC chose to bat first after winning the toss.
The PSRI Hospital in Saket has no oxygen.
Shillong, March 2: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, which includes the Chiefs of Meghalaya, the Federation of Khasi States, the Dolloi and Sirdarships today held an emergency meeting. They have decided to meet with the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma tomorrow on the letter received from the Ministry of Home Affairs, New Delhi.
The question now is, how will this Act affect and how will it affect those who are married to their mother? Such as the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo in Meghalaya, the Naiars in Kerala, the Bunts in Karnataka, and others.
Another thing that the party leader urged the people not to do too much because in the end after the 13th the people will have to go back to work, farm and ring as they do all the time. .
When asked about the allegation, he said, “This allegation that the ethnic political parties will end up only in Khanapara should not be taken seriously, because if the national parties can enter the state, there will be no gate. to prevent the National Party from reaching Delhi.
Shillong, Nailur 14: Ankita Sharma took four wickets to lead Ri-Bhoi District Cricket Association (RIC) to victory in the first semifinal of the tournament. The U-19 Girls Inter District Cricket Tournament was held at the Umbuda Ground, Nongpoh on Friday.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: A discussion on the Village Administration Bill (VAB) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be held on the 26th at 2 pm at Don Bosco Youth Centre.
Many speeches were delivered on the occasion, regarding the death and life of a Khasi boy, who lives in Assam.
The color of the car comes in different colors and the price of the car starts from Rs 5 lakh upwards.
Entry and exit to these houses has been banned, the report said.
Before the law, only one or two trucks carrying coal have been seized but behind the scenes, hundreds and thousands of trucks have been seized.
All shops in the area will have to close immediately from the morning of the 15th (tomorrow).
The match was played at the UUP SC Ground.
In a statement, Commander Shangpliang President and General Secretary of the UDP Youth Wing, Mawkyrwat Circle said that the UDP demands from the government to provide assistance to promote tourism. There are no opportunities to employ young people in the area.
The Chad Sukra was enriched by the 'Mih Iaw' dance in which all the children of the Seinraij Jowai danced together with the songs that filled the village from Mynkoi Pyrdi to Iawmusiang.
They said that in 2020-21, there were many jobs in Khasi Hills but not a single Garo was employed.
“What are the rules?” said Bah Bindo M Lanong in response to Kong Pretty's statement to one of the media outlets today.
Speaking before the rally, Stevan Roy Wahlang, District Coordinator, JJM, Mawkyrwat said that the purpose of the rally is to spread the message on the theme, He said that the JJM's goal is to provide water to every household in the villages, schools and Anganwadi Centers in SWKHD. that it is one of the ways to inform the public on how to take care of the environment, the water sources, not to pollute them and how to conserve water.
Manipur Chief Minister N. Biren Singh has visited Kumbi constituency in Bishnupur district where three people were shot dead by Kuki robbers on Sunday.
The teachers also decided to donate T.200 each for the preparation of the arrival of Ramdas Athawale.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pynshngain said that the Council's funds are the independent authority of the CEM and the Executive Committee (EC) to distribute schemes in the areas within the KHADC boundary. “Except for the allocation of T.3 crore to each MDC out of the T.133 crore received from the Central Government, the allocation of other schemes is up to the EC,” said Bah Pynshngain.
The Symbud Lamphang said that such incidents have happened many times where people from rural areas have faced problems due to unfair treatment by the hospital staff.
TUR today held a public hearing on the misuse of funds by the Sericulture and Weaving Department until those who were dismissed are still receiving their money in writing.
In connection with the incident, police have arrested the driver and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Speeches were also delivered by Chostly Dkhar, President Luh Dkhar, President of the Dkhar Tuber Circle, Lamphrang Dkhar, General Secretary, Jalyah Chief Minister. Wom Dkhar, Kermi Dkhar and other elders of the kur.
He said that the village authorities have also witnessed this, and the MLA has urged the PWD officials to monitor the work related to the bridge. remained unfinished for decades.
When the time came that there was an attempt to dissolve the MBOSE, as a minister in government I tried to fight not to allow the MBOSE and its office in Shillong to be dissolved. I saw that there was no other way but to resign as a government minister and I did so in
The crowd clapped and laughed and it was also seen that some of them were crying while Bah Ardent was harvesting the first soh khaw ja after 10 days.
From East Khasi Hills alone, there are about 5-6 MDCs who have prepared for the contest.
At the time of writing, police have not arrested the suspects as they are conducting a search operation.
He said that the registration has been completed in all districts in the state.
The President of the school, SK Changopadhya, said that the desire of the management of the school to get a suitable school building for the children has been going on for a long time. MP Vincent H Pala to get help but they failed.
On Naik's claim that MUDA is not a foreigner, Shullai said that MUDA is a foreigner because its land falls only in the European Ward but it has gone to the district council.
The NPS applies to all those government employees who are still in service on or before 1st June
In addition, even on Sunday, the sale of cows was opened according to the rules and regulations using modern equipment.
This road is about 29 km long and is scheduled to be completed by 2025, but according to the signs, it is difficult to complete as targeted.
If it is possible, the political parties from India should be defeated by a strong public voice in the south of Ri Khasi, but it is also necessary to persevere and persevere in its struggle to reach the goal. .
HDR Lyngdoh said that all the candidates have condemned the violence, “But know that this government has not existed and it is not just happening but you the people have elected it. Replying to questions that the government has a background intention to postpone the mid-term elections, HDR said it is not the state government that has arranged the elections but the Regarding the ban on coal mining, he said the government and the Congress party have no part in banning coal mining but it is the NGT through the Court which has banned it after a complaint. I was not a member of the All Dimasa Student Union.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District against Varun Lyngdoh Singhania, Sneha Lyngdoh Singhania and Pearl Lyngdoh Singhania.
In Laitumkhrah, as soon as we arrived at these times, the pum was lynguh because all the vehicles were waiting for us to reach the school.
These days we see that it is true and many people look at and hold on to the mistakes or shortcomings of others and this causes many to lose the better benefits and sorrows. and contempt for one another.
Therefore, the High Court has directed the state government to show these plans for the present and future to alleviate the problems of the people in relation to water.
He said the delay in the appointment of teachers in Dadenggre is due to the theft of questions during the TET examination in the state.
Referring to the Puja celebration this year in Shillong, it has been quiet and unpeaceful compared to previous years. The reason for the protests of the political parties demanding the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
The country's football team has been placed in Group-A of China, Bangladesh and Myanmar for the Hangzhou Asian Games after the draw on Friday.
Speeches were also delivered by the leaders of various political parties.
Because the struggle now is the Congress against the MDA government, which means against the NPP, UDP, BJP and PDF.
The Meghalaya team has failed to score in four matches in seven days and has scored five goals in three matches.
Prestone's remarks came a day after TMC leader Mamata Banerjee announced during her two-day visit to Shillong that if the people elect the party to power, she will appoint a committee. Shillong, November 14: Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Upper Shillong Circle on Tuesday raided the ILP. According to the shopkeepers at Rilbong Point, there are about 30 shopkeepers and foreigners carrying drugs. They arrived at the scene at 4 pm on Tuesday.
The winners of the competition were Samanbha Haley Dkhar, Distant Alive Group and Heibormi Veteran Group.
Haitian authorities on Sunday said at least seven people had been killed in clashes in Haiti on Saturday.
The Normal School was later known as the Cherra Teacher's Training Center in 1947 and was founded by Rev. Thomas Jones in
The BJP spokesperson said that instead of talking about the issues, they have spent time talking against each other and one party against another and the people have not benefited, because the candidates have not spoken. something about the thong and the mat.
However, what is surprising is that many teachers, despite the government's ban on teachers from participating in politics, continue to be in the NPP. She said that the NPP should continue to take action against its own people, ordering them to leave the party or to take responsibility to resign from their positions in the party.
He said that at present, there are many rural villages in the state with less than 250 inhabitants especially in the border areas.
The question is whether the District Administration sees this problem of the people or will it just wait or wait for the people to complain?
It is to be recalled that the office of DTO Ri-Bhoi, in celebration of the Road Safety Week which started on 27th October, 2023, has conducted many programs to raise awareness among the public on the laws. laws relating to the rules of driving on the roads for the safety of the public.
Satan deceived Eve into eating from the forbidden tree and it was from there that the world lived in sin to this day.
Speaking to media, Bah RL Blah, Secretary of the Union, said, “Their meeting with the Prime Minister was to seek clarification on the new SOPs as we have not yet received the SOPs. Explain on what basis people with covid-19 should return home.
Shillong, Nailur 24: U Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, MLA of the HSPDP from Nongkrem who is also an MDC from Nongkrem constituency, today resigned from the post of MDC after a dispute in the party. which is related to the work of the leaders of the people.
We also see some constituencies like Rambrai Jyrngam, Ranikor and many others which are very far away.
If you don't know what you're thinking, Kat Ki Lok will complete this sur poitri.
He said that the decline in income, the emergence of severe turmoil in the state these days, is no longer a problem but this body of the government which is considered as a body to shape the state in the get the court, you don't have anything.
“I am also confused, I have not yet registered for Aadhaar and the state government will ask the Indian government to release Aadhaar in Meghalaya,” he said.
Nongpoh: Kyntiewlin Mawphniang, 19, daughter of Kerlinda Mawphniang and Bestarland Kharbani, residents of Mawtnum, Ri Bhoi District, has reached the final of the Meghalaya Got. Talent 2018, which is currently being held in Shillong.
“A woman is unclean and untouchable during her menstrual period,” it says on the MyGovAssam website. and it is said that it is necessary to keep clean, in any way, during these times.
The teams in the team event included Jaiaw-A, Jaiaw-B, Synroplang, Ryntihlang, Nongthymmai, Madanryting, Nice and Nongpyngrope.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 31: The FKJGP Nongtraw Area Unit, one of the working departments of the FKJGP, has paid tribute to the late (L) Palwanbor Syiem President. The Knock Out Football Tournament was held at the Nongtraw Sport Club.
According to Bollywood news, Satish Kaus Hik has passed away in Gurugram and Anupam Kher, a close friend of the director, was the first to announce the news to many. I'm sorry and I'm sorry.
According to sources, these MLAs against Mukul Sangma are now arranging with each other, so that on the day they show their power, there will be no more fighting between each other and it will be beat the day that won them.
At Chilliang Raij Community Hall, a program was held with the participation of school children and teachers. Mr. S.Blah was the chief guest and opened the programme. and the Exhibition on Teaching Learning Material.
Congress leaders Mallikarjun Kharge and Jairam Ramesh have alleged that Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his party have tried to destroy the materials brought by the first Prime Minister of you country.
These two training centers or hubs are located in urban areas and youth, women and farmers cannot benefit from them due to distance, high cost and other reasons. household and sem.
The meeting was held to discuss the opposition of the two parties to the CAA and the demand for the implementation of the ILP. and foreigners in Ichamati started after a house was beaten up by unknown persons.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sñiawbhalang Dhar, will be the chief guest and the Chief Guest, Bah Kyrmen Shylla. MLA 2- Jowai as Special Guest, Lasky Rymbai, Deputy Chief Executive Member of JHADC, Lakhon Dkhar, EM of JHADC, Jowai District Dollo, Puramon Kynjing, Shangpung District Dollo, Chanki Langbang and others. other prominent figures of Jaintia Hills.
The construction of the tower cost T.8,06804 tyngka (five lakh seven thousand five hundred and four tyngka) and when calculated with the total cost of transportation, it amounts to T.10,34,804 tyngka. T.2.28 lakh has been paid to him as transportation fee, and the remaining T.8 lakh has not been received for five years.
Shillong, Nailar 08 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma together with Government Ministers and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly today met with the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi in New Delhi. The issue of Inner Line Permit and many other issues.
According to reports, the singer has died at the age of
Heibormi Pohshna scored for Ratacherra in the 36th minute and Umrasiang Utd turned the tide through Ten Muksor in the 53rd minute.
If you have the spirit, you should come and see for yourself this parking lot before you close it,” said Bah Embhahlang.
“I don't feel anything, it's a mistake,” said HR Thabah, commenting on the allegation that he hid Blanding Warjri, MDC of the party. Mawthadraishan.
Up to 47,000 teachers and 6.8 lakh students have participated in this program and this has changed the mindset of the students.
It is a difficult fact that farmers cannot follow the rule of 'stay at home', especially during this planting season when the rainfall is heavy.
She said she will also write to the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to remove the Sordars who obstruct the interests of the people and try to do politics. to benefit through the prime minister's scheme).
We see the picture of his son and daughter in Hyderabad.
It is on this basis that they are building and perhaps the rise of HITO has some political parties who want to destroy us but until now we are clean, we will speak clearly that there have been those who want to buy us. , the UDP has tried to buy, the NPP has tried to buy, on the part of other political parties and there are other political parties who have not yet proposed but we will stand by if you are wrong you are right.
He said that another issue is the 10% allocation which he has proposed for the poor households under the 103rd Amendment of the Constitution. from any group which has not yet received special allotments that may benefit from this allotment.
This road has been covered with snow for more than a year, but it has not been repaired at all and now, it has been seen that the mawkynroh that support this road, near the Dawki Bridge, has been destroyed. There is a big fear that if the PWD doesn't repair the road immediately, it could collapse any day, especially when the road collapses. rain in the next few months.
Shillong, Naitung 28: Meghalaya has owed T.429.04 crore to NEEP CO in the years since it purchased electricity so far.
Shillong, Naitung :The Entrepreneurship Development Cell (EDC) Shillong College in collaboration with PRIME Meghalaya has conducted a five day training program on 'Introduction to Soft Skills' PRIME, Meghalaya has funded the establishment of EPDP & Incubators at Shillong College.
After joining the Congress party, Bah HDR Lyngdoh left the oldest party and joined the UDP last year.
Shillong: The Congress MDC from Malki-Laitumkhrah, Fantin Lakadong, on Tuesday expressed his satisfaction with the expulsion of Pynshngain N Syiem from the National People's Party (NPP). “Thank you very much,” said Bah Fantin.
Rohan took five wickets and Chandan took two wickets.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, “As I have always said, the decision of the 2023 election should be respected, the decision of the people has decided that the NPP will win out of 26 seats. constituencies, and which made it impossible to form a single government, as well as the UDP which won 11 constituencies.
He said the state government also needs to restructure the implementation of the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS).
The fiercest contest for the votes will be in the villages under these larger village centers – Khanduli, Lapangngap, Saitsama, Umshyngiar, Sonaro, Namdong, Mynsngat, Nartiang, Wahiajer and Ummulong. , Moodymmai and Mookindur.
Nongpoh, Nailur 08: The Deputy Commissioner's Office and the Superintendent's Office have decided to work together to eradicate various types of evils in the society especially drugs. of Police, Ri Bhoi District will hold a friendly football match between the team of the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police against the journalists of Ri Bhoi District.
This is the blessing that God has blessed man to live in peace and harmony with the knowledge he has acquired to become rich and prosperous in life.
It may be recalled that Bah JA Lyngdoh first won as MDC from Mawphlang Diengiei Constituency and later as MLA from UDP from Nongspung Constituency and became a Minister of State in the state.
Seeds, fruits and vegetables, soybeans, seeds, beans, dai are all among the foods rich in fibre.
“Regarding the lack of information so far, because this has already been discussed with Deborah.
The department said a committee of inquiry has been set up after receiving a request from the Lok Sabha Secretariat.
“This dance is a dance to preserve the culture and we hope that as an organization we will be able to preserve the culture and traditions established by our ancestors”.
Nongpoh, June 14: After many years of traffic suffering, two major roads including the Bhoirymbong-Mawbseiñ road, which is about 14km long, have been completed. The Ministry of Rural Development of the Government of India has allocated Rs 17.88 crore for the cleaning and improvement of the 10km Nongthymmai-Khyndewso road.
Despite the insults of the farmers and the owners of the fields due to the widespread spread of plastic bags and the lack of assistance from the government authorities in the past in this natural disaster.
“This is an insult to the people by the employees of the Meghalaya Rural Bank, Nongthymmai, Ri Bhoi District just because they are ignorant and poor people by sending them to bring the syrnod from the Sordar and The CSWO strongly condemns this act of the bank employees,” said Kong Kharshiing.
The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang, through the Waheh Shnong, Bah Lasting Pala, has sent a letter requesting the upgradation of Umkiang PHC to CHC. The Dorbar Shnong urges the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to upgrade the PHC and if it is upgraded, it will benefit not only the residents of Umkiang but also other villages. he will take action on this too.
The HNLC also denounced the actions of the police chiefs who alleged that SI SN Roy raped a 13-year-old girl at a hotel on 17th October, He said he was not arrested, but he went up and was promoted to the rank of Quarter Master of the Police Reserve.
The celebration was held in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong, the school, the Village Organization Mawlieh and the youth of the village.
On Friday, authorities said they had recovered more than six bodies, including a child under three years old.
The opening of this railway line will create employment opportunities for the youth and will also boost the economic development of the villagers,” said Minister Rakkam.
Ardent has been on hunger strike for 40 days at the Additional Secretariat which started on 23rd June, 2023 and ended on 1st July
The Minister said that the organization of such a tournament is not just a tournament but a way for the government to plant the seeds in the future generations by opening the door for those who have created and exposed the world. sap on the field in the field of sports.
Policy holders with Tata AIA can invest through the company's ULIP offerings, Fortune Pro, Wealth Pro, Fortune Maxima, Systematic Insurance Plan and Smart Sampoorna Raksha Plus.
Only the dress code will encourage the people to vote.
Indeed, this happened as God had spoken through His prophets such as Jeremiah and others.
“I would like to clarify that the government has not yet taken such a decision,” Sangma said in a written statement.
He said that the chairman of the party is Pyniaid Sing Syiem, the secretary is Teiborlang Pathaw, the assistant secretary is Carnes Sohshang and the vice chairman is PN Syiem.
Not only that (without discussing the incidents in Garo Hills), we see that in the MP elections, the UDP has announced its candidate and has not yet announced that he is the candidate of the Garo Hills. The party to support the MDA Government and there too, it was agreed, but there too it was lympat slowly by the Congress candidate.
“The answer will be given by all the officers and langrut involved in the group and after they have given this, the necessary action will be taken according to the law,” said the DGP. The Government has issued a notice to the Government of Meghalaya after receiving the report of the inquiry from the retired Judge Justice T Vaiphei which was also submitted to the Legislative Assembly.
“Because I live in a convent, the sisters here also say that you are right.
On the 13th, Lamyrsiang SCC will play against Narwan SC at 11.30 pm and Mynthning SC will play against Tluh SC at 1.30 pm.
The fire started at 11.20 pm and continued for three hours until the fire was extinguished.
“Take care of yourself Sir.
The foundation stone was laid by the Chief Commissioner of Assam, Sir Archdale Earl KCIE on 4th November,
On the other hand, the JNC has learned that the Chief Officer in charge of the Center has not come to work for about 10 years and this has shocked the JNC leaders.
In a statement, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that on the basis of the Supreme Court's decision, the state government has decided not to take a special decision against the ad-hoc workers. The sanctioned posts shall be fully appointed.
Earlier, the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah RV Lyngdoh, had said that land vendors have been allocated land in Mawlai, Malki, Polo and in the forest colony areas. the names shall be one from the same house.
The residents of the area are waiting for the government and the NHAI to resolve this issue which the residents are facing in coming and going. Thousands of vehicles pass through every day which is also a highway connecting with other neighboring states and is also a road used by heavy vehicles and small vehicles. Bah L.Bareh urged the government and the NHAI to understand the plight of the people and to expedite the construction of this road which has been badly damaged.
Shillong, July 2: Two rebel groups from Ri-Lum Garo, the United Achik Liberation Army (UALA) and the Achik Revolutionary Front (ARF) today expressed their willingness to join the army. UALA Chairman Chiindik Marak in a statement today said that the two groups have agreed to hold peace talks with the government to bring back the UALA. Peace and harmony in Ri-Lum Garo.
Matthew 27:57-66.
Banalari FC started to get inspired and tried to score a penalty in the 74th minute after a handball from a defender of Galaxy FC. Bamman Roy to make it 2-1
“We don't have any ethnic differences, but it is the old and new governments that we too have felt the need to demand our own Khasi State and also to demand our own Reserve Policy and “It is a benefit for the Khasi Jaintia Hills,” he added.
He said that the lack of buildings to provide health care to the people and other shortcomings, has caused problems to the people of the area, because he himself went to inspect, where he found that There are many shortcomings in the Sub Center and it cannot provide services to the people living in the border area.
Mawkyrwat, Nail 28: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) of Mawkyrwat Circle has inaugurated the 1st May Under-16 Football League 2023 at the Artificial Turf Ground, MDSA. Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District where Bah Hamlet Dohling, Advisor to the Chief Minister was the chief guest and the theme was, “Of course to sports, we will refuse to say 'Yes'; Drugs"
Rajnath Singh – Minister of Defence2.
The PAC has directed the police department to submit a monthly report on the investigation to expedite the investigation into the corruption allegation.
What has happened we cannot do anything about, but as believers we put our trust in God.
The AYUSH Department and the Information & Broadcasting Department of the Union Government have held celebrations at various places in preparation for the International Yoga Day.
He said that many people say that the Congress cannot form a Government because it doesn't have any more people and reminded (L) DrFA Khonglam that even if he is alone as an Independent Candidate he can still be the Chief Minister. the State Government.
In the past, if someone was injured, infected or sick, it was not necessary to go far away to buy medicine, because medicines were available in many places.
Bah Sharaid Nongbri expressed his deep regret that in fact the state has been independent since 1972 and next year the state will turn 50 years old, but even the border has not been determined. Although one Government after another has come and gone, none of them have been able to resolve the border.
If we take the Shella-Bhola ganj, Laitkroh and Pynursla C&RD Block together, the population of these three blocks has reached 1.40 lakh and more than 26,000 households,” he said. you Sohra.
When we walk and stand, we are sad to see such roads which have been washed away by the rainwater once it rains.
We have to ask why, is it because they can't provide the Utilization Certificates here?” asked the Convenor of TUR. “There is no clear figure here. .
The Constitution protects and promotes the minorities and prohibits the majority from imposing their way of life on others.
They were identified as Sagar Sharma and Manoranjan D. At the same time, two others, a man and a woman, were reportedly throwing masks outside Parliament. and these are known by name, like Anmol and Neelam.
108 doctors of Nil Ratan Sircar Medical College (NRSMCH) and 43 doctors from other hospitals have resigned today in solidarity with the new doctors working in West Bengal. .
“The time has come for us to take responsibility for all political parties.
He said that in fact Meghalaya should have hosted the National Games in 2022 to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the state but what happened? Has it been done? while the money has already been allocated for the construction of stadiums and all the necessary facilities for the National Games.
The government has sent an inquiry into the actions of the private individual or the land owner and if found guilty, the law will not release them.
Those who attended the function included Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, General Secretary of FKJGP and many other FKJGP leaders in Ri Bhoi.
The incident lasted for some time and after being arrested, the suspect was handed over to the Phramer Traffic Cell.
In the first match of the quarter final, Khliehingriang beat Lion Sports and Youth Affairs 1-0
Thousands of members of the Presbyterian Church under the KJP Eastern Synod attended.
Bah Bina said that this dance was performed by the ancestors of Ñi u Kong. We accept it as it is and this dance was performed by the young men and women and the Syiem of Basan Khatar. Kur, Rangbah Shnong with the support of the residents of Raid Nongtung.
The team officials included Angeles Sunn as referee and judge and EG Kharbani as team manager, India.
The Pa'iem said that he did not know what the agreement was between the bah and the Dkhar but it was given because of his small request. However, there were many people but as Bah Donbok has been working with the Hima Mylliem especially in charge of the markets in Ri-Bhoi, the Hima Mylliem has thought of him.
In a petition submitted to the Commissioner and in a discussion, the members of the union expressed their strong opposition to the invitation of applications by the Department, unlike in previous years. They admitted that this application process will not be transparent and will deprive the youth who are entitled to get these jobs. .
The suspects are believed to be the Deputy Commander-in-Chief of the ULFA, Drishti Rajkhowa.
“There have also been allegations that even the political parties have taken part in supporting the companies and this is very serious,” he said.
Shillong, November 6: The mid-term MDC elections in Nongkrem constituency have been very successful, with four political parties holding public meetings in Smit today. shongshit where as time went by the crowd increased.
A. Suting, Deputy Project Director, MLAMP, said, “We should not just wait for the benefits that come from the government because the government itself knows its own benefits. but as citizens we must become and start standing on our own feet by using our hands and feet properly to do our own work”.
The State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) on Saturday rushed to the scene of a fire at a grocery store in Garikhana, Shillong.
He complained that the curfew was imposed after a clash between the people and the police when the police stopped them from turning to Them Metor.
In the first half, Meghalaya scored a goal, but this did not discourage them as they fought hard but didn't create a day or a night, in the end they had to face. to win the soul of the people of Meghalaya through their struggle.
Lumpyngad SCC won the title by beating Donkins SCC by 61 runs in the final on Tuesday at the Polo Cricket Ground, Shillong.
Speaking to media, Bah Shullai said that the election of Bah Pala as MP is a great loss for the state as Bah Pala has not done anything for the state for five years.
At the same time, various Secretaries were elected along with the members of the Executive Committee.
Another 57,000 fighters were killed and 13,624 Kurdish or Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) troops, who are working with the United States in the fight against Islamic State militants, were reportedly killed. 67,296 of the dead were linked to ISIS or Hayat Tahrir al-Sham, which is linked to al-Qaeda.
On the other hand, the union has already ordered that the Management at Lumshnong Toll Plaza of NHAI should not reduce the salaries of the employees working at the Toll Gate even though the toll gate has been closed by the union. On the other hand, the Manager of the Toll Gate, Hassan Malik, promised that he will not reduce the salaries of the employees.
The deficit teachers are still receiving the same salary of 3.5 lakh which was the price of 16/17 years ago.
“Although the Meghalaya Co-operative Apex Bank is involved with Yes Bank for technical support in terms of the operation of the Bank, but in terms of the withdrawal of funds, Meghalaya The Co-operative Apex Bank has not been involved,” he added.
Shillong: The number of cases of covid-19 in West Jaintia Hills has risen to 82 today.
Shillong: The Congress wants the handshake between the party and Bah DD Lapang to end in the media.
“How dare she dare to kill and kill a Khasi man whom we consider to be the strongest RISHOT, not only in the home, but especially in the matters of khadar, whether in the village or even in the the whole state".
He said that after a few months of erecting the signboard, the members of the Seng have received information that the signboard has been stolen by the robbers. At the same time, he warned the robbers to immediately return the signboard in peace and order so that there will be no misunderstanding in the future.
Overfive Biam said the inspection of the bridge was after receiving a complaint from the residents who went to the bridge and found that the roof of the bridge has started to collapse and could collapse completely.
"After the launch of the book, there will be a discussion between the author and the participants on poetry, music, encouragement, and other subjects.
Shillong: A day of mourning was held in Shillong today, as a sign of protest against the passage of the Lok Sabha, in which the leaders of the BJP, burnt down the tyngshops of the BJP and also the This is the law of the minorities in Khyndai Lad.
Shillong: A magnet-like object has disappeared from Lum Murok after some people came to dig it without the knowledge of the residents.
It also contains an enzyme that helps break down proteins and other substances.
On the other hand, the Khasi Students Union Narpuh Circle through its General Secretary, Samla Sanatomba Bamon, urged the electricity department to think about the problems of the people.
As a greeting to the festive season, the Prime Minister wrote on X (previous Twitter) to wish all the 55,000 Government Employees a Merry Christmas.
“It has happened before and it will happen again.
:The Khasi song “Nga ieid iaphi” has been released on July 26,
Eugeneson Lyngdoh, who has made the Khasi community the smallest in India, has been paid Rs 1.05 crore by Pune FC in the sale of players to a few days ago.
The Meghalaya Editors' and Publishers' Association (MEPA) has strongly condemned the incident on Monday against senior journalist EM Jose who was assaulted by some robbers at a meeting held on Monday. The ceremony was held at the Mot Kiang Nangbah in Barik, Shillong.
EMH Passah, WJDSA Coach, Player, Lammat OO Laloo and JM Paswet were also present.
Police said the five workers were released on Monday and Pawan Yadav, one of the employees of the dewbilat factory, was arrested.
Insulin will stop the heart from releasing sugar from those glycogen stores and releasing sugar into the bloodstream.
Friends United CC won by 10 runs against Marbisu CC and Nangkiewkor Moore Don was named Player of the Match.
“We don't believe in the power of money, but we rely on the love of the people for the party and this will be revealed when the time comes to vote,” he said.
Shillong, Lber 31: The National People's Party (NPP) has increased its numbers in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) by joining the Congress MDC from Rambrai-Jyrngam constituency, Bah Bajop Pyngrope. on Friday.
So far, 21 people have been killed in the past few days from clashes, shootings and other incidents at Kabul airport.
He also alleged that the Rangbah Shnong has used force by taking away the JJM pipes from these households and threatened to abolish this scheme and also to abolish the village certificate.
According to information, the KHADC charges T.1700 per truck for exported goods such as kyngha and sla tyrpad while the government charges more than the district council.
According to sources, Bah Kitbok Warbah, who is the contractor in charge of the checkpoint, has spent about Rs 4 crore for the project. itself after the government suspended the financial assistance and this work started in January
Amritpal, a religious preacher and supporter of Khalistan, married British Kiran Deep Kaur last month.
Shillong, June 2: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP) on Tuesday inspected the office of the BDO of Jirang C&RD Block recently. The office was open all the rooms except the BDO's room which was locked to show that no one was present.
He said that as the days go by, he has discovered more and more herbal medicines which can cure even cancer, thynroit, diabetes, py, nian-sohot and others, in which this has indeed been a means of healing those who have died of serious diseases.
The ban on passenger vehicles will continue tomorrow, 7th October
While visiting the Khunswet farm, the private person, gave them a lunch, a Christmas cake and also a donation of money, which he handed over to the Khunswet farm. They are the guardians of these Khunswet who live in this place.
The JSU has expressed its deep sorrow over the financial crisis of the JHADC to the point that it has not been able to pay the salaries of its employees for more than six months. the council to protest.
KHLIEHRIAT: The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) has expressed its deep surprise to hear that there is a plan to set up a coke factory at Jalaphet village, Bri Sutnga, East Jaintia Hills District.
These colleges offer majors in only a few Arts and Science subjects.
Fire brigade vehicles were called to spray water in the area to clean up the area and the police investigation into the incident is ongoing. face.
Shillong: The residents of Nohwet village led by former Rangbah Shnong Bose Swell Khongthohrem today marched to the office of the Syiem of Khyrim Hima at Smit to demand the rights of the Syiem of Khyrim Hima. The Acting Rangbah Shnong of Nohwet should be revoked.
The 3rd Tirot Singh Memorial Trophy Football Tournament 2022, organized by the Seven United United Sports Social & Cultural Clubs, Pyndeng-umiong, Mairang, has reached the semi-finals of the tournament. The final will be played between Rasong and YBSC Shella.
Peter said to the crowd, “Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost ( gift of the Holy Spirit.
We shot again, but he also escaped and it was an unusual incident when I was shocked.
The Cabinet meeting last month approved the Bnei Menashe to stay in Israel, where the first group of these people is expected to arrive. arrive, later this year.
He said the Government has identified 75 of these ethnic groups which number in the lakhs and live in more than 22 villages in the country.
In the U-17 women's category, Amithies Ramvulmoi of Dkhiah East Secondary School won the Best Player category. In the U-14 category, Malki Dkhar of U-14 Boys category won the Best Player category. 17 men were killed by Amassajune Phawa.
The Seng has also warned that this place should not be turned into a place for drinking alcohol and committing illegal activities.
In Shillong, Jyntru opened the scoring through Badaminot Nongphlang in the 16th minute.
In another development, Assam DGP Bhaskar Jyoti Mahanta has appealed to the Mizoram authorities not to bomb civilians or schools.
We expect that the political parties, civil society organizations, chiefs, Dorbar Shnongs will come forward to express the true wishes of the people and not to be deceived lest we be overwhelmed and destroyed in this. The amendment of the Sixth Schedule will be made soon.
“After the committee has been set up and elected the members, the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills has already announced this and at this meeting we will discuss the measures and measures we will take. Chairman of the Regional Committee for West Khasi Hills, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh told reporters.
The Government does not stop here to conduct such programmes, but will continue to conduct more programs to promote other varieties of soh from Meghalaya.
Sometimes when you do good to others and they don't believe or appreciate you, it doesn't matter, it's just a feeling that you have, you don't need to get praise all the time but more often when you do good to others, others also they should understand that greeting is necessary in order to respect each other.
““We also included this issue in the Election Manifesto in the last election and after that we held about 12-13 meetings to discuss how to comment on the Reservation Policy which has not been reviewed yet. years," Dr. Jemino said.
“I don't have anything to say on the decision of the High Court on the appointment of a Special Investigation Team (SIT) on the allegation of illegal mining and trade in coal in the state. There is a need to appoint a CBI or an independent investigation and not to allow officers or police from the state to take part in this investigation as the people have suffered greatly from the trafficking. and illegal coal mining in the state,” said Bah Pala.
It was foretold by such prophets as Zechariah, Isaiah, Micah, and others.
She is also a social media influencer who has her own account on Facebook, Instagram and regularly appears on social media platforms.
However, in view of the urgency of providing health facilities, the prefab structure will be completed soon, he added.
Some people have informed him (Sanjay Mishra just spread the video) and what they have sent him to say, he has said without knowing the truth,” said Commander Shangpliang.
They also contain starches that provide many health benefits, including improving insulin levels in the body and helping with weight loss.
In the past few days, there have been marches by SSA teachers and ASHAs, who have taken to the streets to express their grievances.
Many explanations were also given on Child Trafficking and other new ways to deal with such cases.
The Kremlin has accused the rebels of insurgents and has the right to retaliate.
Banteidor said why out of 72 villages only 53 villages have been included and in reply to this the Minister said that it is due to lack of funds but he promised to include these villages. in this scheme in the future.
Waibha K Kyndiah, General Secretary of the MPCC, has sent a letter in response to John's resignation.
Thank you very much. God bless you.
It is therefore necessary to work together and support TB patients and end the stigma and discrimination against people with this disease.
Mawlieh said the robbers stole four gold jewelery worth about 3 lakh tyngka and less than 2 lakh tyngka.
The BJP said it was celebrating its victory in the elections in Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh, Telangana and Manipur.
This means that the Khasi are like a country that has been surrounded by other ethnic groups who are completely different in their language.
In his speech, Teimiki Sungoh said that the youth from the state who take part in this sport face many challenges, and the biggest challenge is the lack of income. The government has not yet recognized this sport even though many youngsters have improved in this sport.
If you want to visit Ri Garo, please visit www.villagegetaways.
When asked about the allegation that the Doctor of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary has assaulted the BSF, the DGP said, “The BSF is also conducting an investigation and the IG has promised at the meeting to look into the incident. and shall submit a report to the State Government.
A tea vendor from Baramati in Maharashtra has sent a money order of T.100 to Prime Minister Narendra Modi as a gift, the report said.
We have donated 25 artificial turfs, indoor stadiums and badminton courts for the benefit of the youth because we want them to develop in sports.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The 10th North East Zone Shooting Championship 2023, which started on 20th July, 2023, ended on Sunday at the Precision Indoor Range of Assam Regimental Centre, Happy Valley. Shillong.
HSPDP Vice President Ardent Basiawmoit said the party has decided to move forward after the government has not responded to the party.
On the other hand, Wailadmiki Shylla congratulated Lahkhmen Rymbui, the Headmen of the 7 villages for allowing them to dump garbage.
Although the election day for the Legislative Assembly is still two or three months away, four MLAs have decided to resign today so that they can join the Legislative Assembly. of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
In the middle of the night, while the police were asleep and the village inspectors were asleep, the robbers near all the villages came out like snakes to run away to earn money.
If there is another great victory in life, it is the victory over fear. “I have been tired and tired of surrendering to the violence of the leaders.
Bah Marbaniang said that if the schools have any benefits or students should receive benefits for the use of Aadhaar Card, they should explain to the students that they do not have any benefits. that they should hide these things, for this is not the work of the schools.
It is worth mentioning that the CSWO led by Agnes Kharshiing and a group of Longkmie organizations led by Nongpluh have come to protest against this.
Fourthly, adds Sohblei Thongni, 'Mother, this is your son, then He turned to the disciple John, son of this Mother,' which means that He gave Mary to the disciple to give. continued the preaching work before the ascension of Mary, which showed that she was the mother of the Church.
The confirmed office bearers are Diningroy Marwein, President, Sainbor John Lyngdoh, General Secretary and others.
On this occasion, Dr DRL Nonglait was re-elected as President and Dr KD Ramsiej Vice President. , Bah Ronald P Kharshiing, General Secretary, Dr Rollingstone Wankhar Joint Secretary, Prof Badaplin War, Treasurer, Dr Barrylia M Wolflang Editor, Bah NR Gassah Auditor.
Those who reach out to take the money have not properly established how much the money will affect them in the years to come.
The prison population is 150 (135 males and 15 females) but the total number of prisoners is 400 (386 males and 14 females).
“We as a state, as you have heard the Prime Minister's firm statement on this issue, will never allow the UCC to operate in Meghalaya,” she said. .
Iatyllilang SC won the title after defeating Khon Ri in the 11th Cash Prize Knock Out Football Tournament organized by the Moopyniein SC on the 16th of this month at Wapungskur.
The salon was inaugurated by Sookini Sutnga, a model who used to take part in various events outside the state and Deikisha Talang, a model who actress in the upcoming film Ahor. find.
The VPP candidate from Mairang said that Meghalaya is not a poor state because God has blessed it with natural resources , beauty of nature which can be a source of benefit for the people .
The new Vellfire is a truly comfortable car, suitable for travel, strong, with technology and other features. in it where people can use it, which truly shows the value and value of everything it goes through.
Dear brothers and sisters in the city and suburbs, we should immediately refrain from Weekend activities (Saturday & Sunday) for the sake of the family especially the future of our children.
"The Seng Khihlang wishes a happy Behdieñkhlam to the Seiñ Raij Jowai and all the children of the Seiñ Raij Jowai. 09/07/2023, and may these 'Saw Sngi Lai Night' which we call 'Soo Sngi Le iaw' be special and holy days for all the children of the Seiñ Raij and also the children of the Khasi religion.
He also urged the party workers to go to the people and tell about the great works of the BJP government and urged them to work hard to achieve that the BJP will win. form a government by itself, in 2023.
The husband replied, “Oh, so, until now he is still happy and happy that he didn't meet you”.
Longdien Witness, You Will Be Saved"
Khliehriat, March 14: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat, today announced that the Midday Meal for the Lower Primary and Upper Primary Schools under the Midday Meal Scheme for the months of November to November 2022 have been released and those will be delivered free of cost to all selected government schools.
In this regard, the Seng Khasi Kmie said that it has not received any information that the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram has been established and after investigation it has been found that the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram has not received any information from any branch of the Seng Khasi. and also, the Seng Khasi (Kmie), to establish the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram.
Therefore, the family, the kingdom and the nation need people who are RANGBAH who have said 'em' and 'yes' is 'yes' and 'yes' is also 'yes'
Those who are still weak in thinking, money, equipment, forty kinds of propaganda will still be deceived by the candidate's people especially his internal agents.
They were killed in Myntang on 23rd November.
Therefore, his department has nothing to do with this matter.
The Additional Chief Secretary today said that according to a letter received from the central government, it has allocated T.1.5 lakh to each member of the rebel group as a scheme to assist their return. to the community and to create jobs.
First of all, I would like to express my gratitude to the government employees who have worked hard to prevent the spread of Coronavirus, and who have listened to the suggestions of our people in order to curb this disease.
The leaders of the union immediately informed the BSF troops patrolling near the bridge to chase and arrest these Bangladeshis.
Emisakani Warjri scored 4/4 for WKH while Fenny Nongrum scored 3/3
“He said that in the last five years of the NPP's rule, there has been a terrible corruption and now it is trying to cover up its corruption by trying to cheat with money.
The Rangbah Shnong, Bah Lurshai Langpen, who told about the establishment of the village by the ancestors, and how the village has reached this present state.
There was also a suggestion that in the next edition only Olympic sports will be allowed.
Speech was also delivered by the President of the RBSU, Samla Everjoy Nongpluh who said that the reason for the organization of this sports tournament is the desire of the RBSU to develop the youth. They don't play sports in addition to studying in schools.
Waibha Shylla scored the first goal for Mulang Ïalong in the 64th minute.
“This plan to auction and transport coal should be brought before the hearing of this case.
If the Government tries to introduce such sections anywhere, it means that it has started to introduce the Divide & Rule Policy in Meghalaya or India to distinguish between the sections of the people. vaccinated and those who have not been vaccinated against Covid-19, or even to turn it into a trade route for the Government by starting to implement the Policy on ManmadeDisease and also by trying to eradicate it. decision of the Hon'ble Court without taking into account even the “Fundamental Rights” of the Supreme Constitution of India.
He said that this scheme is a scheme from the Government of India to help the farmers. He said that the village is very fortunate to receive this scheme.
“The success of this program will depend on you,” he said while stressing that the beneficiaries should make good use of this money for the needs of the group.
The selfie session was attended by the DSOs of the two districts.
He said that not less than 300 dancers from all over the Hima and abroad have taken part in this festival.
However, he said the HSPDP urgently needs to elect a leader soon as the mid-term MDC elections are ahead and the party needs to strengthen at such times.
“I hate my life, I don't want to live forever: leave me alone, for the days of my life are short” Job 7:1
Finance Minister and Union Defense Minister Arun Jaitley is the richest minister with a net worth of Rs 72.10 crore, while Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu is the richest minister with a net worth of Rs 72.10 crore. You are the youngest and you have T.20.45 lakh.
Even those who do this work take it only out of ignorance, they don't think it's an important job.
Adelbert Nongrum, MLA from North Shillong Constituency, said that the coalition government should have a Common Minimum Program (CMP). agreed to be implemented and is a list of priorities of the parties in government.
Manipur won the gold medal in the 49kg weightlifting category.
Adjective- Adjective: describes the characteristics of a verb and a verb.
He said that through this Act, seven MLAs, who hold the post of Parliamentary Secretary in Mizoram, have resigned and in Meghalaya, these 17 MLAs have resigned. Parliamentary Secretaries, have not resigned at all, in which they receive salaries and other benefits, by holding the post.
Shillong: While the Khasi District Council (KDC) police were checking licenses of foreigners in Majai, BSF troops on Friday stopped them. of the District Council, from which they shall carry out their duties.
:The Government of Meghalaya has urged the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) not to withdraw from the peace talks between the Central Government, the Government of Meghalaya and the HNLC. , Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the Government has not received any information about the withdrawal of the HNLC from the peace talks with the Government.
As believers or those Christian children, have we been sure that we will be able to go and live in that eternal city when life here is over? Have we cleansed and purified ourselves from the darkness of this world? For we see in this book that it is clearly written that only those who have washed their garments will enter that city.
Time has passed but the State Government will continue to talk to the Central Government to get rid of this Test.
The President of the Seng, Bah Balen Thubru, said that the existence of the Toll Plaza is illegal according to the NHAI rules. The petrol pump or weighbridge must not be within 1000m (1KM) of the Toll Plaza. It is about 500m and about 750m from the Weighbridge at 7th Mile, West Jaintia Hills.
The Shad went smoothly without any interference from the natural forces, although it was observed that there was a fall in all places.
The results can be viewed on the MBoSE website or other websites including www.megresults.
In the second semi final, Assam Rifles Public School beat Shillong College Higher Education 3-2 in a tie-breaker after a 1-1 draw.
On this occasion, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, MDC Sohryngkham and Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) was the chief guest.
However, in Meghalaya, from the state to the district councils, the leaders are elected by the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo ethnic groups and are ruled by the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo ethnic groups. They are increasingly ruled and held by the same people and elected by the same people.
These departments include Assistant Registrar Cooperative Societies, Assistant Director IPR, Jt.
The Supreme Court has recently ruled that the appointment of DGPs in the State should be in consultation with the UPSC and that the State Government cannot appoint temporary DGPs.
In this regard, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw has taken the initiative to restore the beauty of this area which falls under Dong 3-B of Mawlai Nongkwar by allocating a scheme of T.1 crore from the District. Council to promote tourism in Mawlai Nongkwar.
For the benefit of all the people who come and go every day.
“The government promises to provide all the necessary staff, equipment and accommodation for the PHC doctors to work properly.
Similarly, the Minister in charge of Education was not seen on that day.
In Tamil Nadu, there have been 1,091 new cases, bringing the total number of cases to 24,5
The CoMSO has demanded that the Indian government should implement the ILP in the state but the delay of the central government has prompted them to take the initiative to search the foreigners themselves.
The JAC has sent a letter to the SDO of Sohra Civil Sub-Division signed by Bah C Rajee as Chairman and Bah E Majaw, Secretary on 11th November, 2022 and sent a copy to the Syiem. The Hima Sohra, the MLA of Shella, the Executive Engineer PWD, the CEM of KHADC and the MDC of Shella informed that this road has put in danger to the people because it is very bad and needs to be repaired from that date. until you are ready.
They have an important role to play in making Meghalaya an IT/ITeS hub in line with the world.
We will need a great miracle to deliver and save us from this terrible disaster.
In a meeting with the media, he said that the state government has taken special measures to maintain peace and order in five districts of the state which are still under the jurisdiction of the rank as the areas that are still inhabited.
The reason is that they don't understand what it means to be happy or what it means to love.
Roach has reached 7.58m, followed by Yahiya with less than 0.07m in the past few days.
You should also know that when we sleep, the blood pressure and blood pressure begin to drop, breathing, digestion and kidney function also decrease.
The TMC leaders said that wherever the party leaders go they get the full support of the people as they come to the meetings to listen to what the leaders have to explain.
“Until now, we have not been able to explain the issues discussed because the HPC has asked for time to discuss with each other.
Therefore, it is time for the leaders and the state government to think carefully for the development of Sohtrun farming in Ri Bhoi, as there are many people who are Sohtrun farmers and who Rep Sohtrun expects to provide for the needs of the family.
Furthermore, a fertilizer that contains only one type of energy produced by these organisms cannot be fully effective in preventing these various diseases. Unlike these species, the cause of the disease is the small insects in rotten plants, the tall insects (Meloidogyne incognita) that work together.
The union sought clarification and asked whether such posts will be closed or another advertisement will be called.
These leaders from other parties who have joined the NPP said that the NPP party has hope in Umroi Constituency as it is until now because the NPP party is still strong in the state and without fail, through the hard work of They and their supporters have voted for Bah Damanbait in the upcoming elections from Umroi Constituency.
The court also informed that these families have approached the Central Government to discuss the matter and the Central Government has looked into the request with sympathy.
“They told me that in the past, those who used to live in juvenile homes were those children who were involved in theft but now most of them are those who robbed the longrynïeng. working with various groups and agencies including Rangbah Shnong and parents," she said.
We need everything to survive.
Article 46 clearly states, to improve education for the backward classes.
There will be two matches today, July 22. The first match will be between Umpling Sports Club against PFR Football Academy at 2.30 pm and the second match will be between Mawkriah West Sports. Laitkor Sports Club at 4.15 pm.
Didn't Delhi have a train carrying piat at that time or did the train arrive in Delhi this year? , have to face the same problem as we do here – inflation that has become too high and creates many other barriers for poor and middle-class families.
The Overground Controller was informed that there were two incidents and the entry into the crematorium started at 10:15 pm.
“Even now neither the government nor the education department has taken a final decision on this, but this inclusion of CBSE subjects will bring blessings to the students of the state,” he said. his Friend.
On this occasion, Samla Donald Thabah, the leading leader of the KSU, besides taking part in the swearing-in ceremony, also gave advice to these leaders. Therefore, we need to strengthen the armed forces of the people to protect our fellow citizens especially since these operations are on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
The AJCA invites all teams/sport clubs in West Jaintia Hills to participate in this tournament.
The responsibility of the father in the Khasi family is limited because it is not his right.
The pollution of the environment by mankind has threatened our daily lives because of the water wells and the air that rings the soul compared to the times of our ancestors and this age is very different. lybak because in these days, while man is still wise, the wickedness is increasing.
Sharma, while commenting on his son's complaint, said he should understand why his mother (Sharma's wife) has been living and loving his father for 32 years. and if he do wrong, he shall not be able to stay long for many years.
However, December 25 was adopted as the annual holiday, and was accepted by the Christian Churches.
Three persons who were assaulted by the crowd are currently undergoing treatment at a hospital in Guwahati after they were accused of assaulting a young woman. back.
Therefore, we strongly demand that the Government of Meghalaya should no longer just watch, but should show its own power,” said Bah Russfulson.
He said that during the elections, as part of encouraging the elderly to exercise their right to elect leaders, the Election Commission (EC) has allowed them to cast their votes. from home and other special facilities provided at the Polling Stations.
He said that the party sympathizes with the paradoh parasnam from the area who work in this field, because they are facing their problems at this time, from the payment of loans to the banks those who have loan, payment of salaries of employees, lack of driving to avoid the damage if you stand like that for those who have not loaded stones, but because this is the life and death of the people, we have to encourage the traders They didn't wait for a while, so that this disease wouldn't spread.
According to a statement from the SP of East Khasi Hills, Sylvester Nongtnger, on the 24th, a group of people were riding motorcycles when they were arrested by the traffic police on the road. They entered the road passing through the house of Bah SD Khongwir in Mawlai Iewrynghep.
He said the government has tried its best to help the students to pass the Civil Service examination and we encourage them to work harder to pass well.
Unveil : to unveil is to remove anything that is covered.
Defenders: Amrita Ghosh, Bonifila Shullai, Divyani Linda, Elizabed Lakra, Gauri, Rheanna Liz Jacob, Rupashree Munda, Sarangthem Alena Devi.
Eric N. Newberg reads and analyzes three articles on the conflict between Israel and the Palestinian people published in
The family left Ukraine to live in Israel nine years ago, where the father works in North London.
It is learned that Phul had talked about the relationship between her husband and Chyrmang but she had raped her daughter and last night, Phul and a group of They came to Mookhep village in 3 or 4 vehicles and broke into the house of Kong Phrom and shot and killed the woman until she was seriously injured. Phul Dkhar has not forgiven the search for her 12-year-old daughter who was thrown acid on her head and her hand was injured.
“This will be the enrichment of the Shad along with the sound of the clean voices,” said Bah Banteilang Rumnong.
Sacred Heart Girls Higher Sec School, Mawlai Phudmuri 17.
JOWAI: The campaign for the MDC elections in the two District Councils has come to an end with public meetings and rallies across the country.
The Jews themselves were faithful and followed the religions and customs of their ancestors.
A special speech was also delivered by Conrad Sangma, Chief Leader of the NPP. In his speech, he first of all praised and honored Dr.DD Lapang, who has announced his retirement for the 2018 elections.
Once the order was issued by the government through the DC and BDO, I immediately called the village.
There were 16 schools who came to take part in the Debate and 17 schools who took part in the Quiz.
However, if they are far away from the wells, the cost shall not be less than fifty thousand tyngka.
The Congress today and the Congress three years ago are different.
He said the Search Committee consists of three members headed by the Chief Secretary, Legal and Personnel Officers.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
“The Detail Project Report (DPR) has been prepared for the construction of the hospital at a cost of Rs 94 crore,” he said.
U Bah Kwi, who is known as Ieit in the village, is a furniture maker and makes many kinds of furniture such as chairs, beds and others.
No job can get paid without working, except government job.
We will cover the screen for the journalists and we will allow the journalists to bring their mobile phones so that they can report from here.
One of the speakers at the Sur ki Paidbah South West Khasi, while speaking at the meeting, said, “Why should only Bah Ardent stand for the country and the nation? The other 35 candidates will stand at the door of Conrad Sangma to fill their seats.
It would be better for Mukul Sangma to turn as MLA and for Pala to prepare for something else.
Many other markets have opened since the government has allowed them to open but only a few shops have been allowed to open in Langpih market.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, today inaugurated the 4th Amur Falcon Festival, a two-day festival organized by the Tyrso Valley Wildlife Protection Society (TVWPS). in the city of Tyrso.
NEW DELHI: Delhi Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia today slammed the Indian government for smuggling drugs to foreign countries, saying it would not have been able to protect many people. the souls of men, if these drugs are not available, in their own country.
Mawkhar FC scored the first goal of the match after Balajied Syiemlieh, who came to take the lead from the penalty spot, scored the first goal of the match.
However, on Tuesday, 5th October 2023, the UDP and PDF sent a letter to Conrad K Sangma to support the NPP and BJP government. The MDA-2 government has 45 MLAs as the NPP has 26 MLAs, the BJP 2 MLAs, the HSPDP 2 MLAs and the HSPDP 2 MLAs.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The opposition Meghalaya People's Forum (MPF) has decided to lodge a complaint with the Governor of Meghalaya against the Congress-led government. the peace in the state.
Shillong: Two MLAs, Brigady Marak (Independent) from Bajengdoba Constituency and Marton Sangma of the NCP from Mendipathar Constituency, today resigned.
The Gospel of Mark 10:17-22 is a conversation between Jesus and the rich man.
Chief Guest Bah OB Kurbah in his speech said that his office will do its utmost to expedite the work related to the day laborers and to improve the management of PM Poshan in Meghalaya.
These cannot be as good in Khasi-Jaintia as they are in other countries of the world, or as in other parts of India, as in Punjab, United Provinces and other places. .
“Who accuses me of being a servant of Bah HDR Lyngdoh?
However, after the incident, it was learned that there was another shooting incident in Jasper and it was only a few hours after the incident.
He said it is not yet clear whether the government will be able to implement the new ILP.
However, in this regard, I would like to express my opinion to our fellow countrymen especially to our fellow countrymen of Ri Hynniewtrep in relation to this fight against covid-1
There are also some drivers who know but only a few, said Bah Nongrum.
Police said that this is not the first time that such an incident has happened. However, it has happened from time to time, and they said that the delay in the work of the department has made them very unhappy.
Sangma, Carson Ch.
All residents of the state are requested to inform the Rangbah Shnongs of their visits in the past 14 days, whether you have traveled to countries where the disease has spread. , so if anyone has travelled, they are requested to stay at home for 14 days and to avoid contact with people.
This was announced by the Secretary of the Kur Marbaniang, Mawsynram.
It is not only us who suffer from the disease, but the ancients also suffer from the worst form of the disease.
Indeed, this has brought about a stable food supply and the preservation of natural resources from time to time.
The CAA, NPR and NRC will be used to violate our rights, especially those who do not vote for the BJP, so that in the 2024 election only those who accept the BJP will be able to vote and the BJP will win. to rule power.
And Dr. E. Garod Senior Dental Surgeon, Nartiang PHC explained about the diseases that can affect the body if the teeth are not cleaned properly especially in children and adults.
Man's journey to the moon has forced man to invent and use new languages.
“Furthermore, the Leader of the Opposition said that most of the funds allocated by the Government of India to the North Eastern States have been withdrawn.
THS Boney, the candidate of the KHNAM, today registered his nomination papers for the MP election from the Shillong Lok Sabha constituency.
They raised the question of who would take responsibility.
Conrad Sangma is the killer of 1000 teachers...that too is still willing to try to employ the youth.
“This case was in court in July-June this year,” he said.
“In the past two months, the tournament has been held in all districts before selecting the best children to take part in the tournament.
Let us wait for the time, as it is written in Psalms 2:4 – He who sits in the heavens shall laugh: the Lord shall laugh at them.2:10 – Therefore be wise, O ye kings. : be taught, ye judges of the earth.2:11 – Serve the LORD in fear, and rejoice in his treasures.2:12 for his wrath is kindled quickly.
These sins cried out in the ears of God and He decided to destroy the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah.
The number of cases of Covid-19 in India has risen to 30,0
The government is finding it difficult to implement because the consumers as well as the meat sellers do not believe in this.
I will not waste time to see what other political parties are doing,” said Bah Lyngdoh in response to the growth of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) especially in the rural areas of the state.
Rida said. As soon as the Principal heard that story, he understood and remembered the incident.
The relationship between parents and children is very different from other relationships in the family, even from the relationship with one's own father.
In this regard, the Chief Minister of Assam said, “There have been claims and land claims from both the states but both the states need a new dialogue to reach the you have no understanding.
Meanwhile, Meghalaya manager Darihun Sari said that the girls of the state have already qualified for the Subroto Cup and Sub-Junior National Championship and this tournament will help them.
However, in those days, the Syiem and his Lyngskor, began to compare and observe the condition and appearance of that place.
Speaking to reporters, the bank officials said that the bank has only two branches in Meghalaya.
Kalita joined the BJP at the BJP headquarters in New Delhi in the presence of Railway Minister Piyush Goel.
Psiar Sub Center for Reproductive and Health Indicators, Mynska Sub Center for Communicable Disease and Non-Communicable Disease Indicator and Narting PHE for the best implementation of MHIS were also awarded. & PMJAY scheme.
On the other hand, it was said that the power outage in the Sub Center is due to the government not paying the electricity bill.
The Garo people also need to understand this and they too need land and housing. We don't want the Achiks and Hynniewtreps to become other Kuki or Rohingya people. The Kurds are neither landless nor stateless but are a stateless population and have to flee all over the world.
Most of Meghalaya has completed the D.El.
One of the two injured constables, identified as Wangnyien Bosai, died on his way to AMCH in Dibrugarh.
After a thorough investigation, police have found that the murder of a 10-year-old boy in Umtangar, Ri Bhoi District by two robbers was due to alcohol. fled with a bottle of alcohol belonging to one of them.
“It will be a memorial to I Maieit I who served as a symbol to commemorate the founder of the HSPDP. calendar.
The Prime Minister promised to remove the Police Outpost in Assam immediately.
“This lockdown is the beginning of the protest on this issue, if MUDA does not listen to this, the union will not hesitate to take other stronger protest measures, for the sake of justice. “However, after a while, 18 members of the RBYF, were arrested by the police of Ri-Bhoi District,” said Bah Makdoh, President of the RBYF. .
JSU-Shillong Circle President Treiborlang Suchen in his speech said that the main objective is to demand the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and to strongly oppose the CAA of the central government.
At the same time, the police have warned that if anyone has paid money to the party, they will be prosecuted.
As stated in the budget, we will continue to increase the number of doctors, medical specialists, para medical staff, medical equipment and others so that the service can be satisfied to the people," added Kumar.
When asked about his visit to the office, Conrad said, “We are government ministers and we run the government but at the same time, we are party members and we should spend time with them. people you party.
Jowai, November 06: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC) Thombor Shiwat today visited Mukroh village after the shooting death of Three residents were arrested by the Assam Police on 22nd November.
“At that time, newspaper readers were only in Shillong but now newspapers have reached the rural areas and people have read newspapers and there has been a big difference,” he added.
A clean and pure government depends on a person who 'knows man and knows God'
“We have many leaders in my group and we will finally take a decision on the advice of the leaders of various Polling Station Committees,” he added.
We have many businessmen who rule us and think only of themselves.
As Khan appeared before an Islamabad court on Saturday, 10,000,000 armed police raided his residence in Zaman Park and Police have arrested several members of the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) and seized ammunition and bombs. 'petrol' from Khan's house on that day.
The Minister also informed us that in order to improve the performance of PHCs by upgrading PHCs to CHCs, it has been handed over to the DMHOs to select the PHCs to be upgraded. “It is the right to be promoted,” said Landarson, who is also the Publicity Secretary of the KSU Iooksi Unit.
“It is also unfortunate that these are the same people who preach about clean politics but their actions are different,” said Bah Ardent. Stop misleading the people living in peace through his deceitful political tactics,” said Bah Shangpliang.
BISON ROY IANO (UDP) –
Chhetri scored the third goal from the penalty spot in the 74th minute.
All the speakers on the occasion praised Babu Ditol for his dedication and vision in the development of the school especially in the rural areas from Lower Primary to become a school. than Higher Secondary School.
The tyngshop, who has lost the opportunity to work with Yash Raj Films due to the failure of several films, feels that he needs to regain the trust and support of many and decided to be active and who works hard in his work.
Given the state of our recovering economy, the role of the Government is too large.
They were accompanied by the Superintendent of Police, Jagpal Singh Dhonoa, Lumshnong. They had to walk on the road in Lumshnong due to the heavy traffic jam. Deputy Commissioner, Abhilash Banarwal and police of Lumshnong Police Station.
He said that the appearance of Bah Paul Lyngdoh has nothing to be afraid of because he has been an MLA for 15 years and the people have understood.
Witnesses rushed to the scene and helped the injured man and he was rushed to hospital for treatment, while his wife was arrested on Tuesday.
The roads are very bad, because they have been buried in the ground and have been cleaned like shipawa.
On the other hand, Bah HM Shangpliang said that the government should also support the police especially the Home Guard police who have worked hard to provide peace to the people of the state.
Meghalaya ranks third in India in terms of the number of people infected with the 'Ñiangkulia' disease. and the 'Ñiangkulia' increased as the days went by.
What makes ten years of vaccination unique is that there have been great breakthroughs in very little time.
The reason is that hospitals in Delhi have been overwhelmed and have no space to accommodate patients due to the coronavirus.
“This makes me strongly suspect that the ruling BJP in Delhi has a secret plot to stir up bloodshed among the people of the North East,” he said.
Life, society, government and stable justice stand on the foundation of “the word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God”.
Meanwhile, KSU General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa said that the rally will be held from 1 pm instead of 3 pm.
Another Bollywood manager and co-founder of the talent management agency Kwan, Anirban Das Blah, has been accused of rape in the Mee Too Movement.
IndiGoReach has partnered with Grameen Sahara, as this group works well for income generation in the region.
Regarding this visit, Bah PT Sawkmie congratulated them on winning medals and bringing fame and glory to Mawlai, as well as to the state as a whole.
A vehicle carrying employees of the Legislative Assembly has stopped in the middle of the road in Boro Ryngku : Rupang.
Pradeep Sharma said he lives in a rented house with his children and wife and it is very difficult for him to provide for his family during these times. day.
Speeches were also delivered by all the former Lamphangs including Bah Charles Pyngrope, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, AT Mondal, as well as MLAs and Ministers of the Government who all extended their congratulations to the new Lamphang. .
He requested the employer to expedite the work so that the people of the area can travel easily and it will also be closer to the tourists who intend to come to Mawkyrwat.
Also present at the inauguration ceremony was the Rangbah Shnong of Nenggate, Bah Ennocent Khongstia and the President of KSU Pynursla Unit, Samla Sanlang Benhanan. Danny Nongrum, Assistant Sports Secretary and Samla Arkin Khonglam, Assistant Sports Secretary.
What is more surprising is that the indigenous people who have the right to participate in the National Food Security Act have been immediately excluded and this has led to a darkness that has enlightened many churches.
Today, Nangkiew Hills will play against Nongrim Hills.
They left for Chennai on July 8th.
Shillong: An NSCN-K cadre from Manipur has been arrested by the West Jaintia Hills Police this morning.
In the opening match of the day, Eastern Ri-Bhoi United beat Nongthymmai 1-0 in the second leg. In the second match between Seng Samla Patarim and Seng Samla Patarim, Seng Samla Patarim beat Laiphew Diengngan 2-0
Not only can these soh be transported, but many young people can get jobs, if there are factories in every village to produce sumsoh in bottles, tins and others. de foods from the fields such as jam and others.
At the meeting, it was decided that from now on, there will be a collaboration between the Chief Minister and the largest association of newspapers in the state, the Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA), for the development of par of the State is all together.
The Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) of Andhra Pradesh today arrested a peon of the Transport Department. Nellore, where he earned Rs 90 crore.
The RBYF 20mer Circle leader said that the reason why the RBYF has taken this decision to give 10 days to the company from abroad is during their inspection and They found that the company that owned the NHAI tax collection center did not have a Trading Licence.
“Don't bring our degrees to this house,” said the father and added that he needs a smart person and not a stupid person.
SBYWA supports the North East Students' Organization (NESO) and CoMSO and other organizations in any of their protests for the sake of the lives and livelihoods of the people. to stamp the MRRSA 2019 so that this ordinance will come into force to prevent the infiltration of foreigners.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to the Minister of Forests, James PK Sangma, has told the Congress that the implementation of the Environment Impact Act The Assessment, in which Forest Minister James K Sangma replied in the House that so far, 160 projects have been approved through the EIA 2006, out of which 95 projects have been approved in the state from 2008 to Twenty-six of them have been approved by the District Environmental Impact Assessment Committee.
CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing said she had lodged a complaint against the Jowai Police in July 2009 for the murder of Fullmoon Dhar. comfortable.
The NCC, which honored the defense leaders, people of unity and heroes among the youth, brought together the participants for the NER Car Rally, 277 schools, 151 colleges and 44 districts from across the seven North East states participated.
for the king fighteth against God, and against his people Israel.
No food will be distributed to all the participants and 50 special prizes will be distributed to the lucky runners.
After this, he was tested twice on 30th November and it was found that he was no longer infected with the virus and was in good health.
During the programme, a group of girls led by Dr Icilian Dkhar, took part in the pledge against childhood obesity and a debate.
Including the sying in the field is also the most important, according to experts.
As we can see today, parents don't have even a little time to sit down, to teach and teach their children.
However, as soon as they reached Sumer, a group of robbers reportedly stopped the cattle truck and ordered the driver and the one in charge of the cattle to board another vehicle and dropped the This is the zero point.
He said that as happened in Bakhlapara village after the signing of the MOU, the people have been confused even in the service of God because half of the village has fallen to Meghalaya and half to Assam. it is only one thing that as a member of the Baptist Church, they have neglected the service of God.
On the other hand, the Seng has strongly urged that it will not allow any government authorities or companies to violate the rights of our fellow citizens, especially if they destroy the farmland without permission. pay compensation to the landowners.
Nayal said two BSF personnel identified as Constable PP Saikia and Constable MD Rasidul Karim of 97 Bn, Ftr HQ BSF Meghalaya in Assam have already donated plasma at GMC Hospital. Guwahati, Assam today.
The DC said that the Permanent Office of the Civil Sub-Division Mawshynrut should be established.
That is the contribution of the VPP,” he added.
In addition, the village leaders including Bah Ophnal Thangkhiew, Chairman of the Union, Bah Welbin Syiem, Sordar of Mynnar Jirang, Bah Forming Rani, Sordar of Nongsier and others, strongly condemned the incident. At the same time, they appealed to the people not to believe this news which has mislead the people not only in this village, but also in other places as well.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 6: Wahlyngdoh is a village located on the road from Nongstoiñ to Maweit at a distance of about 20 kilometers.
The body was taken to NEIGRIHMS hospital on 20th November and through the arrival of the family members, the body was identified.
“As a newly elected MP, I have many things to do for the state and for Garo Hills which I cannot explain here,” he said. I urge the Prime Minister and all the political parties to work together for the benefit of the people of the state. “said Conrad K Sangma in an interview with reporters.
After the elections, Purno also raised the issue in the Lok Sabha and said he wanted to see more small states.
“We are worried about what will happen to us as a small community and whether it will affect the Sixth Schedule, the Land Transfer Act, the customs and traditions and whether it will affect the powers of the various Christian Churches. " said Mr. Sawkmie.
He said that although there is a price increase, they will put forward that the price should not exceed the price in the country.
With his return to the ATP Tour this month at the Monte-Carlo Masters, Serbia's Novak Djokovic will lead the team to the Monte-Carlo Masters. the first Masters 1000 tournament.
This village is located about 15 km east of Nongstoin and falls under the Nongstoin Hima.
I encourage private individuals to register their land.
“At the meeting we decided to confirm Ardent Basaiawmot as the leader of the party in the District Council,” said Witting. There is no other decision, but it remains to be seen how the ARPA meeting tomorrow will go.
In her speech as the chief guest, she congratulated and wished that SBUK will continue to serve the community through their games and especially to donate to the people in need as they have done in the past.
Speaking to media, Bah Dykes said the meeting also decided to revoke all the permits of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to hold the competition. The District Council Affairs (DCA) of the State Government has issued an order to cancel the KHADC Notice No. DC/RBF/XXXII/64/2023/171 dated 14th November. 2023, relating to the monitoring and regulation of hunting competitions.
Three of the deaths were from East Khasi Hills District and one from West Jaintia Hills.
Bah Damian said that the Namdong B Village Council has thought about honoring Kong Dorothy for this work.
Mark Goera B Marak, former EM of GHADC and Batabari constituency3
He said that other diseases caused by tobacco include blood pressure, stroke and other diseases affecting the internal organs of the body.
The Election Commission of India has always said that no citizen who has reached the age of 18 years and above should be allowed to register on the electoral roll.
On the other hand, the leaders of various political parties said that the defeat of the CAB in the Rajya Sabha is a victory of the people.
Italian Lorenzo Sonego saved four goals to beat France's Ugo Humbert 3-6, 7-5, 7-5 Daniel Medvedev won the second round.
He said that if you leave the party within 10 years, you don't feel like leaving the party.
“He didn't ask for permission from us the owners of the house, he just shouted and drove away the people who came to look for food,” said Phil.
The meeting was attended by Meghalaya Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong, Defense Minister James Sangma and Dr DD Lapang along with senior leaders of the party. NPP. At the meeting, Conrad K Sangma said that the party has agreed to oppose this Bill and if this Bill is passed in the North East it will affect us small paid people. .
Because Jesus preached the kingdom of God and the truths and did many miracles, which no one else in the world could do.
However, it is widely known that he is the son of the oldest MLA and who has also held the post of Chief Minister.
According to Bah Nongrum, if the CEM appoints KHNAM as EM, it is ready to take the post for the sake of the people but not for politics.
Firstly, the decline in income will affect and reduce household consumption patterns.
During the visit, Demikstar Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien said that the Shyllong Market falls under the jurisdiction of the Kur Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien.
So in the midst of that inability to think about her life, she decided to commit suicide by hanging herself.
Shillong, March 16: The Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association (PLHA) has expressed its deep sorrow and condolences to the family of Singhania who lost their house due to a fire in on Saturday of last month.
The State Police should conduct a thorough investigation into the incident and we hope that the National Human Rights Commission/Meghalaya Human Rights Commission will come forward to investigate the shooting death of Bah Running.
Babu Wando Nongbet, I/c Principal of the school, while speaking at the Talent Fest, said that the school organizes the Talent Fest every year to encourage the students. Students to come forward to showcase their talents so that it will help them to showcase their talents so that they can develop in the days to come for a bright future for them .
This scholarship will be used to encourage the youth to continue their studies in science subjects.
The district authorities have also sent a team of Central Police to Borshibanda village to maintain peace and a Peace Committee has been set up to restore peace between the two sides.
As per the instructions of the Hon'ble National President of @BJP4India , Shri @JPNadda ji, I am pleased to inform that BJP will extend its support to Lok Sabha Candidates of NPP in both the seats of Meghalaya (Shillong and Tura), to NPF in the Outer Manipur Constituency and to….
“During our inspection, we were informed that there are many villages within one gram sevak circle which are not included in the schemes of JJM, PMAY, SAUBHAGYA, PMGSY and others.
He promised to be the spokesman of the jaidbynriew in Parliament to speak on the issues of the jaidbynriew and to be the voice to raise the voice of the jaidbynriew on many issues including ILP, Language. Khasi, to strengthen the Sixth Schedule and other issues.
According to Saleng, the Governor has confirmed to look into his complaint.
She also urged other NGOs like STIEH, HNYF, KSU, Kur, Religious Organizations and Dorbar Shnongs to join hands with the STOP and work together to eradicate the I don't know what to do with this land of Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Skum.
Therefore, parents of young children and also adults are urged to take action to prepare their children to go to the designated places for the purpose of issuing Aadhaar Cards and If their children or themselves do not have a Birth Certificate, the people appointed by the government will help explain how to do it, for the convenience of the public.
The cost has reached more than Rs 12 lakh.
When you criticize, don't feel that you are talking about the matter.
Acknowledging the appointment of the General Secretary of the Party, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh and the speech of Bah Renikton, Bah Metbah said that they are confident that they will reach their goal. Of the 12 MLAs who won in 2018, the party also has many MDCs besides old MLAs and new faces who will contest this time.
Tynsong said he is confident that Mukul Sangma will continue to make one allegation after another every day until the end of the polling day.
He said that the talks have started and their visit to Bangladesh is to meet with the leaders to inform them of the outcome of the meeting for the first time and what issues they will take back to the Bangladesh. negotiation table.
The raid was conducted at about 10 pm in the presence of the Magistrate, Police and CRPF. shops that are in this this bag.
Regarding the meeting between the students of Class IX (Nine) to Class – XII (Twelve) with the teachers by bringing a letter from the parents, the parents, especially those who do not have you are knowledgeable.
On the same day, the Adhoc Committee of the Kur Shangpliang was formed with Bah A. Shangpliang as Chairman, Secretary Commander Shangpliang, Treasurer Moonstar Shangpliang and other members.
This means that this Father should also be punished by the law for his actions as a political and democracy fanatic.
The prizes were awarded to the winners by the chief guest and the office bearers of the Association. Suting Syrti of Chiehruphi SYWSC won the title of Emerging Player while R.Synrang of Shahkhaiñ SC Jowai won the title of Best Team. , March 28: The One Stop Center is a scheme funded by the Central Government through the Ministry of Women and Child Development (MWCD).
This was stated in the CAG report submitted to the Legislative Assembly in the Synrai Dorbar recently.
In a tweet, the RPF said, “PRAYAS together with the state police have worked together to curb human trafficking, which has helped to release children have been arrested by the arrest of five human traffickers at Bhusawal and Manmad railway stations.
On Saturday 30th October I was fortunate enough to take part in the Shad Sajer from the Dorbar Raij Nongpoh.
The reason for her skills is because she is a person who never stops to seek information through reading and research.
The presence of his brothers and sisters did not wake him up enough to speak Khasi every day.
The Mawsmai-Nongthymmai Elaka has also urged the visitors from the state to maintain order, not to gather lymbung, to maintain dignity and especially not to throw garbage, bottles or plastic in these places. place of entertainment.
Sarma, in his speech, strongly criticized Telangana Chief Minister UK Chandrashekar Rao for being a one-family ruler and said the country should be freed. , from this slavery to one family, to the rule of law.
This type of leadership is not accepted.
Today, the people of this area call this village Disyiang.
In the complaint, Gokhale also accused the ECI and the CEO of Meghalaya of failing to take action against the NPP for violating the rules of law.
The seven of His words are : (i) When Jesus was crucified, Mary His mother wept.
In his short speech, Bah Equator Nongrang urged the youth of this area to use their talents properly and also to avoid any bad habits that affect them. He also expressed his satisfaction that as youngsters in this age, they are doing well in sports which is also a source of employment to help them. to stand on his feet.
Therefore, as we move forward with the talks, there are some aspects, some from their side and some from our side and we are considering that," he said.
Meghalaya will play against Uttarakhand on the 11th.
The incident occurred at 4 pm when two of the passengers of the bus started a fight with each other.
Speaking as the chief guest, DoNER Minister, Dr. Jitendra Singh said that the campaign will not only be held in Meghalaya but will spread to all parts of Eastern India. .
Shillong, Jymmang 09: U Dr. Aman War, the candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP) from North Shillong Constituency on Friday, strongly criticized the All India Trinamool Congress for making the COVID-19 pandemic a political issue. people who have helped others during the outbreak of this disease in the state.
“Regarding the implementation of the MCCL dewbilat plant, the government will have to wait until 18th November 2022,” he said.
“If they want scheme or job from Bah Pynshngaiñ they should not give reasons and their reasons are false, if they want to meet I am ready to meet with these 4 people and discuss about it. this,” said Bah Bindo.
Shillong: Journalists at Greenword Resort, Khanapara, Guwahati, have been reporting daily on the coronavirus and the infection.
Pride, jealousy, pride, prejudice, warfare, and murder result from ignorance of the laws of man and the laws of God.
Basaiawmoit said that those in power should not discriminate against anyone but should take responsibility for their own actions.
MSSASA – JHD/Gen/Gen/Gen/Gen/Gen/Gen/2013-2014/42 dated Jowai the 4th December 2013 to discuss the issue of the 4th teacher which was also sent to the Deputy Chief Minister In-charge Education Department and the Principal. Secretary Education Department of the State Government, the Director promised to take action and send the proposal to the Government.
Regarding this incident, the village requests the government authorities to take action to provide urgent assistance to the family so that they can be repaired immediately.
On the 6th of this month, Paliar had approached the Nongstoin Police Station to ask for help in filing a complaint, but instead of helping her, the police ordered her to leave. to the King.
"However, the Court rejected all the appeals.
Ampareen said the department is currently waiting for the certificate of two candidates who have been selected for MBBS from the State Education Department.
Pyndap Bang, a youth of West Jaintia Hills District, has died in a road accident on Monday night.
Speaking to media, Dr Ampareen said the meeting decided to review the performance of Civil Hospitals and District Hospitals across Meghalaya.
Nongstoiñ, November 10: The residents of Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, Bah Gigur Myrthong, have reminded and demanded that the MLA/MDC of Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division should be implemented as a full Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division. and he was waiting for all the people of the city.
Shillong: The BSF today seized several firearms from a well in a forest in South West Khasi Hills district.
However, Bah Synrem said in a letter issued by the KHADC in 2012, it has changed on its own.
“My statement to our brothers and sisters is that we have seen from time to time the Government of India through UCIL has produced various groups to fight against our brothers and sisters. “We must stand together and reject this issue and say no to uranium,” said Bah Lambok.
In Meghalaya, too, it has been seen in recent days that some political parties have used this opportunity to spread news against the work of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government.
Scientists suggest that agriculture should be allowed to grow through trees and plants to absorb the energy of the sun and this will change the soil conditions in which trees grow. as intended in nature.
The MGSPHSVA in collaboration with the Urban, MUDA and Municipal Departments of the Government of Meghalaya, together with 13 banks has organized a one day fair on the scheme. of the Government of India, known as the PM Street Vendor's AtmaNirbhar Nidhi, for land vendors.
There are several varieties of this sohniamtra in India; Malta, Mosambi, Sathgudi, and Batava.
The meeting was held as part of the condemnation of the state government led by Conrad K Sangma in which five people were killed in the shooting by the Assam police after they left. There is a conflict in the village of Mukroh.
The vehicles that were parked at the scene while the nar bridge at Dwarksuid was under repair were trucks intended to transport goods to Jaintia Hills, Agartala, Silchar. lem and to other places.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, was also present on the occasion.
The Minister's statement was also released in the media on July 2,
“I admire your wisdom to increase your work.
“Noting that the NPP has only a few MLAs in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, the State President said that the NPP has got a lot of vote share in the 2023 MLA elections.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The GVK EMRI, on Tuesday, clarified on the overturning of a 108 ambulance, which overturned yesterday and killed two persons, in which the dead, including U Bah Teiborlang Lyngdoh, 9 years old, who was driving the 108, and Bah Pyrshangbor Marwein, the driver of the 108, were arrested. and he has been there for nine months and is working in Mairang.
It is worth mentioning that in the past few days, many youths within the KSU have resigned from their membership. Speech by the KSU leaders on the ILP, some of them expressed their dissatisfaction with the leaders of the Central Body, but it is understood that the reason for the departure of the KSU members is because of the expulsion of KSU members. The President of the Mawlai Circle.
The General Secretary of the Polytechnic Students Union, LD Malngiang, said that the protest is not against the government but against its working methods. to provide adequate library, to distribute laptops to the students, to implement Wifi inside the school and to distribute prizes to the students who come forward.
Avinash, who was also awarded the Player of the Match, scored 150 runs from 108 balls including 24 fours and six sixes. .
The incident happened on Saturday evening at 9 pm, when he was on his way from Mawsmai Village to meet with people, but after reaching Jorobat opposite the Police Outpost of Assam, At Jorobat, a stone suddenly came from an Assam vehicle and passed through the rear window of the vehicle.
The husband and children were warned not to do anything, then they stole the keys to the motorcycle that was in the house.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong City has congratulated the KHADC especially Bah Paul Lyngdoh for taking the decision to eradicate Benami and to help the Hynniewtrep people who live on the ground.
“As I told you, if you call only 120,000, it's enough,” said Bah Living. “If it's not for others, I'll send 170,000,” said Bah Living. “Thank you very much for your friendship. “Do you want to buy a better one?” said Bah Bok. “Yes, my children say to buy a cheaper car to be more comfortable and comfortable when traveling long distances,” said Bah Living. “That's right, a cheap car is very different from others. “And this is you have 2 cars, right?” said Bah Living. “Yes, but I'll see if I'll put both or drive one,” said Bah Bok. “It's up to you,” said Bah Living. “It's what you said.” Bah Bok agreed. “Let's go inside the house and drink first,” said Bah Living. kham syid.
“And that is our strengthening of the Seventh Commandment.
Furthermore, the residents of the village demanded that the district authorities should stop the work and expressed that they do not want to allow the construction of the work to continue.
The Assistant Commissioner of FSSAI said that many of the shops in the market do not follow the rules regarding the storage of meat, as the Meghalaya High Court has warned. to store meat in places where lizards can spread which can endanger the health of consumers.
The party said that it will continue to follow up on this issue.
The suspect was identified as Shanbor Lyngkhoi (45) and has been living in Mawkyrwat for some time.
The transformer in Umsohbar has not been working for more than two years while in Umtar it has been installed for three years.
“The selection of land vendors will be limited to residents of Greater Shillong, one from each household and they should be from low income or BPL,” he said. .
However, those who say that the tenure of Prof.GG Swell, BB Lyngdoh has ended, is unacceptable because these leaders have contributed and their work remains in the hands of the dead. remember and follow the example.
That is different from the usual way in which the people of one area express their rights in terms of dress, song, music and to do these things according to the customs. customs and traditions to other states, without experiencing for themselves the customs and traditions of others.
Both of them died at the same time.
His next three attempts were 7.74m, 7.74m and 7.79m.
Therefore, at present, until we have received a written statement, I cannot say anything.
Soo day Lee went to the house.
When overwhelmed by troops aboard the ICG, the ship began to run away and turned away from the area.
The Congress party has complained that the life of Congress President Rahul Gandhi was in danger when he went to Amethi in Uttar Pradesh to file his nomination papers this month.
Speaking at the meeting, the party leaders said that they do not want to delay the ticket for the 2018 elections and want to announce it soon to allow the candidates to continue working in their fields. .
At the same time, the number of farmers decreased from 48.1 percent in 2001 to 41.7 percent in
This is the love of mother, father, brothers and sisters, mother, son, children and so on.
Pangniang said the ceremony was to celebrate the 53rd anniversary of the party and the 50th anniversary of the state. , who have suffered and dedicated themselves for the sake of the state as it is today.
In the same way as the above two, churches and libraries, homes, schools and colleges, NEHU, District Councils, all courts in the State, Education Departments of the State Government, offices of Syiems and Dolloi, and all other offices and organizations of forty tribes shall have to sell kilos of all old Khasi books which have been printed or written with these words and instead of them, new books should be purchased which do not write or publish the words and so on.
The Holy Mass was led by Most. Rev. Fr. Victor Lyngdoh DD, Bishop of Jowai Diocese in the presence of Priests from different Parishes of the Diocese and abroad.
If we are still happy, let us accept that the election of leaders is only the distribution of money or food or clothing.
Many eyes have turned to the people of Sohiong at this time because it is the only constituency which has not yet received its MLA. People from other constituencies also want to know who the new MLA of Sohiong is.
For those persons who wish to open or set up a team shop, they must have a license and the cost of this license to apply for a new license is T.
If only half of the commercial vehicles are allowed to pass to Khyndailad and Motphran, it will affect the passengers whether they are students, market dwellers, workers and others.
One of the issues that the MLAs have to take action on is the National Education Policy (NEP) as at present, there is a strong disagreement among the teachers of the Meghalaya College Teachers' Association ( MCTA) and the Vice-Chancellor of NEHU who ordered that the NEP should be implemented from the current academic session.
Perhaps it is for this reason that many civil society organizations have emerged to protect their own small nation, which is now in the midst of a terrible nightmare.
To mark this special day, the DSO, South West Khasi Hills District has organized the 2nd Inter School Invitation Mawpoiñ & Tug of War Competition Major Dhyan Chand, one of the country's hockey stars, has expressed his solidarity with the country.
Another victim, Khursheed, was shot in the right leg and is in critical condition.
“In this regard, Jaintia Hills also expressed its regret over the statement of our leader, in which they supported me by saying that I am a man who has worked hard to strengthen the the party in the state as a whole”.
During the visit, the union demanded that the tender should not be given to one party, but an open tender should be held to help the people of the area to get jobs. man of peace.
Speaking to media, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem said that the employees need assistance to send for treatment especially when they are facing financial difficulties and the EC is pleased to provide assistance to the employees. implemented this scheme through an agreement with the State Bank of India (SBI).
Their own trees were sold to us.
Money can lead to expensive health care but it cannot bring complete health.
In an interview with them today, many of them expressed their gratitude to the authorities after being allowed to import or export fish from abroad.
My mother was very afraid that I might get lost because it was the first time I had arrived in Shillong and after a while they found me inside my village car.
Sangot Paswet together with Sangot Pakyntein and Sangot Pasubon took part in the ceremony in front of the altar according to the religious customs and beliefs of the Hynniewtrep people.
In a letter to the CEO, Shylla asked the CEO to clarify whether the Supreme Court's order applies to him or to the officers and employees. 'Please take this letter as urgent because some officers and employees who have been sent to register voters in rural areas have urged the people to do so. Aadhar number, which has created fear in the minds of the people in the rural areas, and only because of this fear will some of them turn away from the registration of voters,” said the letter.
Since the closure of the dam, the work has not been able to continue and now this road has been resumed and it is a blessing to the people.
Ampareen said there are many other party leaders but Dr Mukul is one of the best leaders.
Shillong: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Monday had to appear at Sardar Police Station, regarding their sudden visit to the Secretariat, regarding the implementation of the The ILP will be implemented in the state in
Speaking to reporters, Bah Srally Rashir Sordar of New Nongstoiñ Village said that from today the Dorbar Shnong has decided to remove the garbage dump and no one will be allowed to enter. He said that the village will implement the rules as approved by the Town committee.
The lockdown has been divided into phases.
Nongpoh, November 12: The Women's Wing of Nongpoh Parish Catholic Church today held a Food Fest Cum Jumbo Sale to showcase traditional foods prepared in various ways in order to raise funds for the work of the Lord before the preparations. Christmas and the incarnation of the child Jesus was also attended by the faithful from the churches of various Sub Districts and the parish as a whole.
“We have confirmed that the three Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) have already sent their views to the government on the proposal to amend the Sixth Scheduled in
She said that the TMC's vision of winning in Meghalaya is only a stepping stone for its aspirations in the country.
In a statement, the Organizing Secretary, Samla Richard Mawkhiew, said that the Seng strongly opposes and condemns the seizure of power and attempts by foreigners to take over the land owners, indigenous people, indigenous people even the They were willing to carry weapons to rob even law enforcement officers including magistrates and police.
He said that there are 3835 service voters, 11,179 persons with disabilities, 23,793 voters over 80 years of age, 10,345 voters over 80 years of age. years old, 5 NRIs according to the latest electoral roll released on 5th July
Besides Manish, other Meghalaya bowlers included Gavi Neal Marpna for 2/16 while A. Sangma and Bharat Gurung took 1/14 each.
Because according to the laws of the land, the man violated the rules of law by defying the decisions of the government.
Sheba Mary Kharbani (40 years old) passed away along with two of her male colleagues at the Institute of Science and Bio Resource (ISBR). you have built this place.
Khliehriat, July 17: The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District today issued a warrant under Section 144CrPC on the National Highway-6 in East Jaintia Hills District. Heavy vehicles and vehicles weighing more than 3 tonnes cannot pass through this road from Lumshnong near the Tool Gate Plaza near Lad Brichyrnot.
The drugs were seized from Champhai village on the Myanmar-Mizoram border.
Toi in the writer's house.
SPEND TIME OUTDOORS:— The healthiest people spend more time outdoors in nature.
Nicky Kharthangmaw, who was formerly the General Secretary of the Umsning Block Congress Committee (UBCC), has joined the HSPDP party. HSPDP Umsning Constituency.
Besides the suspension of the purchase of meat from Khanapara market, they have also decided to close the shops on these days.
So it was about three o'clock in the evening when they left.
Petrol pumps are also prohibited from selling petrol, diesel, or any other fuel to any person.
In Mairang, at a function held at the office of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima at Madan Mot Tirot, Mairang Mission, the statue of Syiem Tirot Singh was unveiled by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. MLA Metbah Lyngdoh in the presence of MDC Batskhem Ryntathiang, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Paiem PM Syiemlieh, Minister of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah Boldness L Nongum, Director of Nongkhlaw Hima. Cyril VD Diengdoh, Additional Deputy Commissioner in charge of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Bah A. Nongbri, Block Development Officer, Bah V. Swer and other dignitaries. region.
All of us MDCs who don't care about that idea, but we have seen that there are many dangers, that they will leave their own families, to become fathers of foreign workers in these areas. 5-6 years.
“The police are only the helpers to curb the spread of the disease and if you (the public) do not cooperate we cannot overcome the spread of the disease.
However, as soon as the program started, the Karbi people from the neighboring villages came together with the Police of Jrikyndeng Police Station and banned the treatment on the grounds that they did not ask or get permission from the police. DC of West Caribbean Assam.
The 48 units of the HSPDP have expressed their anger after the HSPDP party led by Bah KP Pangniang has not respected the decision of the leaders of the primary units. Bobby Kharshandi was elected to the Nongstoin constituency and Sanjied Shangrit was elected to the post.
Jowai: Former Mowkaiaw MLA Mihsalan Suchiang and father of current MLA Nujorki Sungoh have passed away this morning after a long illness.
“The church was built about 50 years ago and it was repaired and renovated only about five years ago but in this attack all the property and repairs have been destroyed,” he said. .
They said that they were taken by private ambulance to Civil Hospital Shillong for checkup after one of them was suffering from fever. The state has also been admitted to the Government Health Center in Ranikor.
This scheme promotes the adoption of modern farming methods through Krishi Vigyan Kendras.
“The enactment of 144 CrPC by the DC, East Khasi Hills District in Shillong and prohibiting the public from opening shops after 10:00 pm is a confession and acknowledgment of the State Government and the Police Department cannot and will not allow the public to open shops after 10:00 pm. it is not able to curb the unrest and bring peace and order in the state.
We are only getting auctioneers and not leaders.
“We are preparing now and we will try to release the money to the students next month,” he added.
I wrote before I was covered with snow.
On the other hand, he said that there is a confusion in the State Government regarding the issuance of Schedule Tribe syrnod as it relates especially to those who give jait kpa.
For more than 10 years, the fight against covid19 has revealed many shortcomings, especially in the field of health care in the country and the state.
The Union strongly condemns this brutal behavior of the Assam Police and as the Union in a sad spirit requests the Government of Meghalaya to provide protection to all the residents living on the border so that such There shall be no more sorrow.
“I see you as one of the best lawyers and you can get more than your salary, shiphew percent, for once.
The program was enriched by the song and dance by the Saindur Village Organization of Dirang.
Shillong, Nailur 23: Four MPs from the North Eastern States have sent a letter to the Union Minister of Roads and Transport, Nitin Gadkari, to repair and upgrade the road. The National Highway-6 connects Meghalaya, Assam, Mizoram and Tripura.
Desecrate: to desecrate is to destroy something; blood is a sin against humanity.
Forty years have passed since the State Government decided to establish the Directorate of Prosecution, a department to oversee the activities of the citizens in the manner of the law. that the number of crimes in the State has increased over the years while the punishment of the perpetrators has increased steadily in all crimes.
Speaking to media on Thursday, Bah M Dkhartmar, General Secretary of SBUK, said that the issues discussed and decisions taken during the meeting between the two groups were They also agreed to Co-op as Associate Members of SBUK, 2 men and 2 women from FACES. FACES can be added as Associate Members of SBUK later if necessary.
The Principal Mr.
"He also thanked the players for their cooperation despite the inconvenience but promised to improve in the future.
Regarding Bah Paul Lyngdoh who joined the UDP in 2008-2013, Bah Paul joined the UDP through the merger of his KHNAM with the UDP, according to paragraph-4 of the Act, which allows the incorporation even today, under the said paragraph-4
B. A permit shall be issued only if such foreigners can prove that they are persons with documents proving their citizenship; they are not illegal immigrants from other states; They should clearly state what they are doing and where they are staying and once they have stayed, they can stay only within six months (except for students and government employees) in the state where there is ILP.K. Foreigners who enter the ILP State in violation of its rules shall be imprisoned or fined, and shall also be expelled from the State where the ILP is in force.
This bridge is the bridge of several villages including Thadialong, Samatan, Shiliang Myntang, Thangrain, Barato and others.
The Dorbar Shnong Moorap, men and women with placards came out of the village to the rally called by the JAC of Mynsngat-Khanduli Area to protest against the theft of I Love You Talang in Mynsngat.
Referring to the Untied Grant, he said that there is no restriction on the construction of Dorbar Shnong offices, school buildings, council markets and others.
Umladang scored the first goal of the match (42).
It is time to go to work.
The growth of Star Cement has increased from 900 tonnes per day to 2400 tonnes to 2400 to 7700 tonnes per annum, which is less than 29 lakh tonnes per annum.
The SSSSU said that the use of this famous hospital in this area as a religious ritual, without their consent, is questionable, illegal and unfair.
This was announced in a statement by the General Secretary of the Seng.
In English, this situation in which a government minister who is actually supposed to look after and run the Khadar administration without partiality to anyone will be involved in a contracting company is called “ conflict of interest" or the inability to perform the duties of a minister.
It is also unacceptable to blame the rain for the deterioration of the roads,” said the Division Bench.
“I have not yet received the report from the district authorities.
He said that the government is now taking many measures to revive the water wells and in connection with the JJM they have also geo-tagged all the water wells so that they can be protected.
Those who spread false news have been warned and the public has been requested not to believe these false news.
The new Khasi song, titled “Balei me mekli” has been released on 9th July
India is not a single nation, but India includes hundreds of ethnic groups and about 19,000 languages ​​(Khanasamari 2011), as well as religious groups, churches, believers and non-believers. believe the same with thousands of political parties that differ from one another.
The members of the executive committee are Nangaibormi Sutnga, Timing Lyngdoh, Brightstar Sohtun, Aurora Pamksang, Ohibait Dkhar and Jerrymaya Laloo.
Martin Lyngdoh, Assistant Waheh Shnong Bataw, President Deihok Sumer, Secretary Ampli Rupsi and Secretary Bohtein Biam also released the lucky draw. Club.
The seized items were handed over to the relevant authorities for further action.
“But as I said, if it is lawful, we have to look at what is in it, and if there are rules to protect us, we can talk better about it but for now, it is difficult to talk because we don't I don't see it,” said Conrad.
The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday sent a letter to the State Government to appoint an Expert Committee to review the Reservation Policy. July has lifted the indefinite strike.
The webinar was conducted by Dr. Sylvanus Lamare who said that it is important to remember Thomas and his contribution as we move forward in this century.
“This is not the first incident, but the fires in these areas have been happening from time to time,” said Eris Thabah.
The PMGSY road to connect Mawsynram Village to Ryngku (Border) was constructed by the contractor M/s.
On June 28, 2022, she received the mobile phone of the fortune teller and immediately informed her parents, who informed the police and the police were able to rescue her she, from this imprisonment and rape by this fortune-teller.
He studied at the National Defense Academy Pune, Defense Services Staff College, Wellington and Air War College, USA. He was a Fighter Strike Leader and Instrument Rating Instructor & Examiner and was also an Air Force Examiner.
The party has made it clear that it will arrest those who smuggle illegal cows and hand them over to the law enforcement authorities.
But what is more important is this: how you look and see yourself; but the thew is more than the joy of peace.
The Union wishes a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to the Prime Minister and his Cabinet, the CEM and his EC members and all the MDCs of KHADC especially to the fellow citizens of KHADC. Bri u Hynniewtrep and all the citizens of Meghalaya.
Many have thought, a few have tried and all have ended in failure on the issue of the border of Ri Khasi-Jaintia.
Luton became the first club to move from the Premier League to the Non-League and back to the Premier League, which was a memorable achievement especially for Rob. Edwards, you manager Luton.
A 1km long footpath has been constructed by the village authority through the 100 days bill scheme supported by the BDO Khliehriat Office, the DC Office and also for the convenience of the visitors. from the Basin Development Unit, Khliehriat and Magistrates including DV Lyngdoh and S Marwein.
He said that the replacement of BDOs in Umsning C&RD Block has been too late and has made it difficult for many Rangbah Shnongs to complete their duties. who is able to perform fully and accurately the work assigned to provide convenience to the people who come to this government office.
Heavy rain is expected in parts of the state tomorrow, according to the Indian Meteorological Department.
The training program was inaugurated by Bah AL Hek, Minister in charge of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary. , IAS, MSOA leaders and others.
He said that once they arrive, they will have to be screened at the screening centers and if they have no infection, they will be sent home for 28 days quarantine.
However, he said that before this, the district council must first get the approval from the government and the Governor of the Village and Town Police Act 1991 which was passed during the tenure of Bah Hoping.
“What is needed is to restore the environment and to provide drinking water to restore its beauty,” said the Minister in charge of Soil and Water Conservation, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh.
“The project has been handed over to the National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL) and recently, they have conducted a survey and have worked with the Deputy Commissioners to identify the site,” he said. and Tynsong.
Before handing over the post of Minister, the Interim Minister presented him with a jain ryndia and gifts as a sign of celebration for the appointment of Balentin Sohlang as the full minister of the village. Mawkhlam You are right.
I would like to congratulate the Tourism Department of the State for their hard work to raise the State to higher levels in this regard.
Leaders of the HSPDP from different villages of Mawkynrew constituency on Tuesday gathered at Jongksha village to show to the world that the spread of lyer by others, that Bah Martle N Mukhim no longer has lyer in them. different villages.
“We will send government officials to the church leaders to take part in the talks with the youth who have been misled,” he said.
Jowai, Naitung 24: The HITO led by President Wanbiang Pulang and Secretary Cresene Ksoo after receiving a complaint from residents from all over the district, went to witness the meeting. The Maternal and Child Health Hospital (MCH) at Panaliar, Jowai has been injured in many cases.
The Union Minister visited the COA to inaugurate the Administrative Unit Block, Academic Block and Girls Hostel. Members of the KSU, who carried placards with slogans at the gate of the COA, led by Samla Donald V Thabah, General Secretary, Samla Paliar, Vice President, KSU President, North Khasi Hills District and many other leaders of the KSU were also present.
The Conclave will be attended by 100 smart cities which are leading the way in a major transformation in the construction of cities through innovation.
State Minister Kyrmen Shylla, who is also the Khliehriat MLA, has announced the installation of artificial turf at Deinchynrum, the stadium of the East Jaintia District Sports Association.
This practice is common in Africa, where the wife is covered with a stone and this is to reduce the appearance of the shadow of the young girls.
Therefore, the union cannot help but donate to help those families who have been affected by this lockdown due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Shillong, November 14: The Income Tax Department, Shillong is collecting the information to be provided by various banks to depositors across the state and this will be completed after the end of the 30th. this month.
Man is no longer the MRAW of Satan if he BELIEVES. Why? Because Jesus has already redeemed and paid the ransom for man for more than 2,000 years.
The chief guest on the occasion was Bah Forwardman Nongrem, President KSU, South West Khasi Hills District.
Nongpoh: U Bah Donboklang Khymdeit, former MLA Mawhati and President of the UDP, said that the police have been equipped with technology to fight against the HNLC. Before leaving the UDP, he said that his leaving the UDP is not because he has anything to do with the UDP or any of his colleagues within the party. He joined the NPP because he saw and found that it is the party that has been able to bring about development in Ri Bhoi and the state as a whole.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the government will take about 10 months to evacuate the youth from the North East.
Therefore, as the Apot, the traw was ordered to be slap and lyer and to build the house of the 7th Pansngiat of the 7th Hima.
He said the construction site of the Kurliya Bridge is within the Laskeiñ Community and Rural Development of West Jaintia Hills in Meghalaya where the construction has started since
“Maybe they may have entered from an unfenced place like a river or from a large pipe that drains water into the river, we don't know exactly if we can catch them,” he said. added.
The Constitution of the country clearly states that India is India.
The Seng will soon write to the Chief Minister to demand this and also to the CEMs of KHADC and JHADC. Nongstoiñ: Nongstoiñ: Because the work is being held on the holiday of the district, which is also a holiday, said Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, General Secretary, HYC CEC. The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongstoin Circle today suspended the operation of seven banks and the banks of the Khasi Hills District. offices of the Central Government in Nongstoiñ.
“The KSU will continue to monitor and monitor the Mynder who intend to smuggle into the Bri Hynniewtrep and has warned to punish without forgiveness those people who are accused of brokering the Mynder,” he said. This is a statement from the KSU Khliehriat Unit.
The Waheh Shnong, Bah Deimonmi Lyngdoh, said that this good deed of Father Pakem will be remembered forever and at the same time he wished the Father a healthy body. can lead the JHDS to move from one milestone to another in its activities.
The painter was completely wrong on this and this has shocked the Garo people who saw this painting.
Therefore, they stood tall to carry the banner of freedom because they felt and understood that only freedom can give birth to unity and ensure that all people are entitled to the same rights and lad in humanity, in work, in worship, in faith, and so on.
I'm going to build a pandal.
When asked which constituency they are confident of winning, the UDP leaders said that Nongkrem, which will be contested by Bah HS Shylla, has already been decided. There are no MLAs and they said that there is a fierce competition in Sohiong.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: “I invite Mukul Sangma to work on the development of Meghalaya,” said Nalin Kohli, General Secretary of the BJP in charge of Meghalaya, today at a welcoming ceremony for the BJP. Manas Choudhury to the party at a meeting held in Rilbong.
The Lokayukta has issued the order through the SP of West Garo Hills from the 20th of this month after hearing the pending case filed by Nilberth Ch Marak against the three contractors. Ismail Marak, Kuban Sangma and Nikseng Sangma.
However, with more goals scored by Lajong, Lajong are now considered as the first team in the points table.
The meeting discussed many issues to be prepared to take up and to convey to the State Government the need for financial support which the Government needs to provide to the sports associations in the State.
The MDA-II Government is currently preparing to submit a draft to the Cabinet for discussion on the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) and the National Law Commission has also sought the opinion of the State Government in this regard.
I talked to people about the Umkhrah River.
He said that the Committee has decided to inform these villages to visit the Langpih Sector in the next few days and other requirements such as GIS Mapping have been completed. you're playing chess.
In the final match of the 2nd Division, Diengshynrum Sports Club beat Ladrymbai Dongwah Sports Club 3-1 on Saturday.
What happened? God is now sending miraculous events in Egypt, plagues in Africa, America, Australia, Pakistan and elsewhere. those countries that fight against him.
In Shillong (Mylliem, Labanprem, Nongthymmai) will be held on 13th November and in Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills (the Nongstoin, Rambrai-Jyrngam and Mawshynrut) will be held on the 15th of November.
The state was shown a statue of Mawlynnong which is one of the cleanest villages in Asia, followed by a special song by the Shillong Chamber Choir along with children's dancing, balloons and flag bursting.
Currently, Madhya Pradesh, Assam and Gujarat are among the best performing states, while Ahmedabad, Lucknow, Kanpur, Indore and Mumbai lead the cities in implementing the programme.
The union also expressed its satisfaction with its ability to negotiate with the district authorities for the welfare and development of West Khasi Hills.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Mukul said, “BJP ministers come to Meghalaya without informing the prime minister, according to the rules and hold party meetings at the expense of money. the government that takes from the people".
Shillong: Sohra today received 212.7mm of rainfall, according to the Meteorological Department.
He remembered the appearance of that rich man from the beginning to the appearance of his dress.
Mukhla Nongrim is located in Ladmukhla near Thadlaskein River in West Jaintia Hills District.
Regarding the decision taken by the FKJGP to warn the public not to drive too fast, the Dorbar Shnongs of Lumdaitkhla and Lumsohpieng have given their full support to the FKJGP to prevent any incident. They also requested the public to follow the rules and regulations to avoid accidents.
“It is the actions of these two people that have caused us to lose the Prime Minister from the Khasi people. ", he added further.
Murdoch's marriage was in California.
It means that Satan and the demons are not in hell or on earth.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 14,105 and the death toll has risen to
He said that in the upcoming elections, it will not be with any party but the struggle will be to win the trust of the people and he hopes for the understanding of the people of Nongstoiñ.
He said that the Regional Committee of WKH has held a meeting to review the last inspection on the 4th of this month. They will arrange with the Assam government officials to inspect the remaining areas after the puja.
He said the figures released by the RBI show that the compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of Meghalaya from 2011-12 to 2017-18 was only 2 per cent. In the years 2018-19 to 2020-21, it has increased by 13 times, compared to the country as a whole.
Shillong: U Bah Brawell Rynjah of Mawphu village has lodged an FIR against the former Syiem of Sohra Hima who has been temporarily suspended from his post on charges of illegal embezzlement of Hima funds. get permission.
It is the age of wealth, the age of knowledge, the age of honor, the age of power, and so on.
When asked, he said, “We have the numbers.
This right is for every citizen.
Individually they may not be able to form a government, but if they work together they can achieve their goal.
Speakers on the occasion from Bah Nongpoh and BDO of Thadlaskeiñ explained to the participants about the benefits of knowing how to save money through the use of banks.
The outbreak of diseases may be due to our diet and daily behaviour,” said the Municipal Minister.
Four policemen were killed and seven others seriously injured in a Maoist bomb blast near Cholnar in Dantewada district of Chhattisgarh.
He said that until now Umshynrut village is the leading village in the production of soh ñiamtra in West Khasi Hills.
Speech was also delivered by the Chairman of the Rev JJM Nichols Roy Memorial Committee, Bah Ransom Sutnga who reminded that there are leaders who do not understand the power of the Sixth Schedule and have resigned from their seats. that por is not dep.
The last enemy that shall be destroyed is DEATH.
Your preaching around the country has been of great benefit to the family, for since they heard from you these ideas, many have asked and sought more information, what they did not know well, 'Who u kpa?' 'What is your name?' 'Why do you have a name?'
“I see that these days the Meghalaya police cannot protect us because they have not been ordered to go to the fields when there is a clash between the people of Meghalaya and Assam,” he said.
“In the EPC, the contractors will have to prepare the cost of construction and if the department is satisfied, it can hand over to the company,” said the PWD officer. which was built during the British rule in 1932 to connect present-day East Bengal, Bangladesh, former Assam, present-day Meghalaya.
He said the NPP will try to announce the names of the candidates for the Shillong Seat before the end of November.
Then he said, “And the holy city (Jerusalem) shall be under siege for 42 months.
In congratulating these medical graduates, the Minister urged them to work hard and dedicate themselves to serve the society.
According to the woman, she was unable to have children on her own and therefore she went for IVF and IVF. The reason is because she has a physical illness since she gave birth to her children.
In her speech, the Principal of Kiang Nangbah Govt College expressed her happiness to welcome all the freshers and gave hope to all the students. students to progress in their studies.
Explaining and seeking support from these village leaders, in the voice of all the speakers from these four organizations, they said that their demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state, is not only for the benefit of them. However, the benefits will be for all the people in the state, because if the ILP is implemented, it will prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Umroi, Madan, Bah Sen Thabah and the Rangbah Shnong of Umroi Dohbyrthih, Bah PB Sylliang said that the Dorbar Shnong is also sorry for this incident and nothing has been done. because it is the effect of natural force.
“It is a pity for the people especially the mothers who have given birth in the middle of the road and cannot reach the hospitals because of the lack of vehicles. “Those who go to the market in Patharkhmah have to ride in Mahindra pickups and walk through this road like a sohphlang in a kriah, especially the elderly people face many problems,” said Bah Lapang.
Himalaya said it is certain that Grace will win easily from Nongshken constituency this time as the candidates who are contesting against her are weak and not yet strong enough to contest with her.
Madankynsaw Mawkyndeng has won the Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association.
While it was still step, the road was blocked and the driver of the vehicle stopped.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday held a meeting to discuss the complaints of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Joint Action Committee and Kur Wahlang 8 Kpoh Jirang Hima against the working methods of the Syiem, Bah Hamberly Wahlang.
He added that once the mining of coal is allowed according to the scientific era, the mining of coal should never stop.
These are the following brief explanations: “When we drive we have to pay the fare and it is through that fare that we pay the drivers because through the other vehicles, the drivers buy petrol or diesel and through them The petrol or diesel sellers have paid tax to the government and also the drivers when they collect the fare from the passengers also count the road tax they have paid and on this basis all the passengers pay tax. indirect Shaka government.
They are 11 cases in East Khasi Hills, of which one is a soldier and 40 are civilians.
Those who witnessed the ceremony were Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, President of KSU Ri Bhoi District, Samla Biangbor L. Paliar, Vice President of KSU Ri Bhoi District and others.
DD Kharlyngdoh has given some instructions and arrangements for the parking lots for the service. All vehicles coming from Mawkyrwat, Mawten, Dombah should park at the parking lot at Tynrong Synrangbah near the service venue. .
“The CAA is a political move by the BJP to attract votes in the name of religion,” he said.
When government officials explained to them how to stand on their own feet, it felt like our Khasi hills would become like the land of Canaan.
As KYNRAD, let us set forth the issues for a HOLY and fair government in all aspects.
Bah Nongbri said that the SSA has now turned 100 years old and through the organization of these grassroots games it has promoted the young children. The finalists of the Santosh Trophy are also the results of the SSA and those who come from its grassroots level.
This happened on Saturday at Lamasaki village, East Jaintia Hills, about 500 meters from the BSF camp. , he escaped from the hands of the robbers who attacked them while they were inside the Bri.
For example, from Andhra Pradesh, which is thousands of kilometers away, they come to Meghalaya to sell in the market.
Furthermore, it was learned that there were several people who were following the vehicle, so during the follow-up, these youths informed the Umsning Outpost Police to stop the vehicle.
“Who is all this for? Therefore, I urge the youth to take advantage of these schemes and not to be misled by the wrong mindset,” he added.
The house has two floors and the lower floor has collapsed while the upper floor has not been affected.
So they went to King Herod's house.
It is to be recalled that on the evening of the 14th of this month, an earthquake and heavy stones collapsed between Shillong-Dawki road at Rngaiñ night. The Rangbah Shnong of Wahlyngkhat and his friend, Bah K.Khongjirem of Wahkhen village have lost their lives in this incident.
After she could not bear the pain, the family members took her to the Civil Hospital where she was immediately sent to NEIGRIHMS for treatment.
Jowai: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) in East Jaintia Hills District, Jowai, today arrested him for involvement in drug trafficking.
Jowai: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) in East Jaintia Hills District, Jowai, today arrested him for involvement in drug trafficking.
It is clear that the AITC does not want to implement the ILP and does not want the border settlement to go smoothly as they have already promised that if they come to power they will cancel the soskular (MoU) that Meghalaya and Assam have already signed a memorandum of understanding, he said.
Kai Havertz scored the last goal before the end of the first half to secure the victory.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 16: The West Khasi Students Union (WKSU) has issued a 10-month notice to the Rwiang Silver Factory to provide all the requirements of the factory according to the law. the Rules and Regulations of the Factory Act; The union yesterday visited the factory to inspect whether the factory has implemented the demands of the union.
“The government has fought as hard as it can to resolve this issue as soon as possible especially after the court has ordered,” he added.
It has been nearly a month since the tragic fire broke out at a landfill in Brahamapuram, but the anger of Kochi residents has intensified.
So far, the PDF has announced 22 candidates and will soon announce more in other constituencies.
India has therefore urged Canada to effectively implement the measures put in place to curb violence and ethnic tensions in the country.
When asked about the MP elections from Shillong and Tura, Chuba Ao said the BJP will take a decision on this.
Check with electrical experts to avoid loss of appliances or fire.
Mawrie said that many of the development projects that have been implemented in the last 4.5 years are under the supervision of the ruling BJP. central government,through central government schemes.
Regarding the State Employment Policy, the FKJGP wants this policy to be implemented in all State Government Departments, Local Government Departments in the State, Private Corporations/Private Companies/Private Banks. to the young men of the country.
Now, if the Meghalaya government does this, it will be a shambles.
Meghalaya scored 215/7 runs and 162 runs.
The final will be played on Thursday (5th) between Lion Sports Youth Affairs and Efty United XI Mynso.
However, on Monday, the death toll has risen to 34 people.
At this ceremony, Bah Spiton Kharakor explained in detail his experience in the field of research and achieved the goal of paying tribute to his late friend, Bah B Nishan Wahlang (Bam kwai ha dwar U God).
— Stress and anxiety are indeed major problems that affect almost everyone around the world.
Lambokstarwell said the demand for ILP in the state started in 1979 and in 1985, the government set up various committees to consider the need to implement the ILP. ILP in the state.
They also took away the soldiers and confiscated their weapons and other weapons.
The government has to work well from now on so that it can win the support of the people in the MDC elections last year as well as the MP elections that follow.
““Despite the request of the BSF troops not to record the video, the man did not listen to the request.
He said that as an MLA, he will continue to work closely with the government so that this dream can be achieved in the area for the peace and benefit of the people. Village Leaders, Sengbhalang to achieve this goal.
But the Creator created.
There have been 572 recoveries so far in the state.
“It will be a memorable rally against the BJP,” he said.
The spectators who were waiting for the start of the match were surprised that it did not start at the scheduled time at 3.30 pm. The match will start at 4.15 pm.
The EBP program is now ready to achieve the target of 20% ethanol production by 2025 in which India will become the world's largest ethanol producer.
He said that the land has an area of ​​11,750 sq. km.
If this school exists, it will make it easier for poor parents to send their children to study, because the cost of education will be much lower than going to other places.
Many of the farmers are also at the same time, day laborers at the same time.
It is in the Legislative Assembly that those legislators elected by the people decide on the most important issues relating to the rule of law.
Shillong, July 25: The VPP has sent a letter to the government urging it to provide examination centers for students who have to sit for the Common University Entrance Test (CUET).
He was speaking to the media to inform the public about the programs of the Central Government implemented for the development of the country, the strengthening of the Panchayati Raj, and the development of the rural areas. and farmers to be announced on the 14th by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
She also urged the youth of the country who want to serve the country in the Civil Service to work hard without hesitation because to pass the examination to get a job in this field requires determination.
Shillong, June 20: The GAVI Alliance (formerly known as the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunisation) is a global alliance of public and private sector organizations focused on vaccination and immunization. related to the injection of all.
However, if you walk through this road it is better and helps to reach faster.
At this juncture, it has also decided to set aside a special quota for those sportsmen who have brought glory to the state and the recruitment quota for them is 2%.
Why does God do this to us? 2020 is the same year.
Aneeta Synrem, who is her own lawyer, has lodged a complaint with the court, alleging that she was prevented from taking part in the election of Rangbah Shnong of Pynthorumkhrah.
Speaking on the opening day of the Budget Session, the Governor said the government has tried to resolve the issues of the ban on coal mining and to uphold the decision of the Supreme Court. The ownership of land and shyiap by private individuals in this state.
“If the government is concerned, it should not put a ksiang, if there is a ksiang, the talk should be different. I don't know why, but without the right path, I don't bring weapons, I don't bring guns, I don't have guns, but how can I bring them? I don't know how to leave Bangladesh,” he said.
To get mobile & internet connection, open websited.
Sarkar is from Siliguri in West Bengal and came to live in Shillong with his wife and children.
Qatar Airways Group CEO Akbar Al Baker expressed his delight to announce Deepika's name as Qatar Airways' spokesperson and announcer and welcomed her.
I don't know what to do.
The policemen, who were only three persons present, could not do anything to the mob.
Other speakers included J Dkhar, Headmaster, S Dkhar, Waheh Shnong of Chyrmang Nein, S Law Range Forest Officer, Umkiang Wildlife. Chyrmang Nein Lower Primary School in the presence of the villagers and school children who performed traditional songs and dances.
These include 6 civilians in East Khasi Hills, 9 cases in Ribhoi District, 48 cases in West Garo Hills and 39 cases from BSF and 9 cases from civilians.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Mawjatap Sports and Cultural Club on Tuesday launched the Green Hills Football Tournament
Speaking to media after the meeting, Katakey said he is trying to expedite the process so that 12 lakh metric tonnes of coal can be auctioned before the end of June.
Dr War urged the people to be vigilant to protect themselves from the spread of Covid-19, as the pandemic in the state is not over.
This ceremony was held before the mass climb to the top of Mount Sohpetbneng on the 2nd of June.
Referring to the foundation stone laying ceremony for the construction of the hostel, Dr Mukul said that many places in the rural areas do not have higher education institutions, so their parents They have to send their children to school in the city to continue their education, but another problem is that they don't have adequate accommodation. to build a hostel, which voluntary organizations can also run if they have the will.
Tynsong said that in the first phase, there are only 6 sectors which are easy to resolve and once these have been resolved, the government will proceed to start the rehabilitation. for the second part.
The planting of 100 tree seedlings was done on the same day in collaboration with the Mission Green Committee and the State Government of Meghalaya.
However, when the government lodged a complaint against her, within half an hour the complaint was activated and immediately they came to arrest her without any investigation whether it was true or not.
JACATAM will on 5th October 2015 meet the Minister of State Dr Mukul Sangma at his office at the Secretariat at 7 pm to discuss the Provincialisation. schools in the state.
In a statement sent by Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, General Secretary, the Seng expressed its deep sorrow over the treatment of the teachers which has been an insult and insult to them until they have to go to sleep. ha street spirit.
Speeches were also delivered by Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem as the Chief Guest among others.
Shillong, June 26: According to information received by RTI, out of 700 drinking water tests in Shillong, 570 have passed and the rest have not passed.
Although we have not yet reviewed how far the work has progressed, we hope that we will be able to complete it as targeted,” said Bah Renikton.
The Best Team in the Third Division went to TSC Lummyrli, the Best Team in the Second Division went to Tongseng Youth SSC and the Emerging Player in the Third Division went to Raplangki Lyngdoh (Khliehmyntriang SC). Lyngdoh (SC Tree).
Recalling the work and leadership of Maieit Hoping in the fight for the state, Bah KP Pangniang, President of the party, said, “The HSPDP is not a party to buy people.
This decision came after the employees of the MeECL Engineers Association announced that they will carry flags and placards today 11th July 2020 in front of their offices, Power Stations and Sub-Stations. across the state.
The service was also attended by VH Pala MP Lok Sabha, Hopeful Bamon MLA, DC West Jaintia Hills District and HG Lyngdoh SP West Jaintia Hills District.
There is also an MLA who has been a Home Minister for a while.
The Church also invites all those who are not Mawlong, who are fellow believers or who belong to other faiths, but who have taken part in the fundraising for the rebuilding of the church. Since 2002, such as the distribution of Donors Cards, the production of Cassettes, the sale of Cassettes and the Donation. day.
Christmas creates an opportunity to live, to hope, to renew our strength and to be determined to fight without fear.
A short meeting was held at the Conference Hall of SP Office Jowai in the presence of other police chiefs including Addl.SP, Bijay Chetri and others. Speaking on the occasion, Chetri said that the WJH Police have done a lot of work to curb crime in the society and also in relation to other activities including Drawing competition for students from Class 8 to Class
Gen 2:21, “And the LORD God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam, and he slept: and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh instead thereof; If we read carefully and carefully here we shall see how God began to create man and woman to make separate men on earth; that they might have life.
The meeting was conducted by Pearly Syiem Marak and prayer was offered by Rosamund Syiem.
The AAP has also announced that its candidate will file his nomination papers on the 20th of this month for the elections to be held on 9th June.
“It is necessary to stand together against these robbers and those who are against democracy,” she said.
KSU Laskein, after spreading this threat on social media, has warned to take strong action against those who intend to create trouble and try to cause trouble and affect the peace and order of the people in the area.
In the past, when the wet process was still going well, the production of dewbilat was very popular and the people of Sohra did not want to stop this process.
The Chief Minister said that out of this 50% which those who have mining licenses have to pay, the government will collect about Rs 27 crore.
The decision will take effect in the Colorado primary on October 5, 2024, when Republican members must choose their candidate before the general election. on November 5, 2023.
Shillong, July 6: The Union Minister of State for Labor and Employment, Bandaru Dattatreya today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Regional Labor Institute (RLI). acre of land in Rynjah, Shillong.
Chairman of the All Jammu and Kashmir Awami Action Committee, Mirwaiz Farooq was assassinated by Hizb militants at his residence in Nageen, Srinagar on June 21,
He said that if the government really takes care, they are ready to assist the team to meet with the fishermen in Andhra Pradesh.
If the Candidate objects, the meeting may be adjourned immediately.
He said that this demand has its own basis and can be implemented in accordance with the provisions of Article 3 of the Constitution of India.
This will be salonsar for all according to the law there is no forgiveness whether you are a member of the NPP, UDP, BJP or anyone else because everyone is equal before the law and no one is above the law.
In the first round of the meeting, the HNLC has put forward several demands including the amnesty of all the charges against the members of the HNLC. Retired IAS Secretary Peter S Dkhar and retired IPS AK Mishra IPS, Advisor to the Union Home Ministry in charge of the North Eastern Region.
In a complaint written to the Forum on the 19th of last month, Lamare said that the fire at Kynton-U-Mon started on the 16th and continues until today. He said that the complaint has not been received yet.
Reports said that while the leaders of these parties were explaining what they had discussed with the Prime Minister, suddenly some of the people who did not like the outcome of the talks with Conrad, started shouting. Stone throwing at the Police and towards the CM's office and then there was a stone throwing between the people and the Police until late at night.
Those who took part in the discussion were HM Shangpliang, PT Sawkmie from Mawlai, SK Sun from Mawphlang, Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition and others.
Ask any Muslim woman.
Those arrested include those Dkhars who sell jain, tim, shana, and other goods in Iewduh, Iewmawlong without a trading license.
Speaking to reporters, AMPSRA President Bah Wanshai Kharchandy said that this allegation is false and has no truth.
“We the newly elected MLAs are angry with the situation at that time when we were kidnapped to form a government and this year we got six governments in just five years,” he said. Martin.
Besides, he said that once the office is completed, they will no longer need to fence when there is a meeting of the village leaders in the Block as there will be a separate large room for such meetings.
We will know only after the DPR is submitted,” Mondal said.
Most of the time, the presence of these shops has disrupted the movement of the people because most of the people don't have a place to walk anymore, they have to walk on the road.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 21: The residents of Mawlieh Rambrai area have expressed their deep sorrow over the lack of development works and the backwardness of the entire Mawlieh area which falls under the Rambrai area.
The Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod has established this College in 2017 with the aim of encouraging students especially in Ri Bhoi who come from low income families to continue their education. and also to improve the education of the youth in Ri Bhoi and the state as a whole.
It is easy to care for when the plant is young.
However, from Class X, 18 students came first, 27 students came second and 22 students came third including those who received distinction in various subjects.
Lucknow: Thirteen women, including girls and a child, have died shortly after falling into a pond in Lucknow: A tragic incident has happened yesterday. in the state of Uttar Pradesh.
Earlier, it was reported that the meirad, had been threatened by these foreigners, who pretended to be foreigners and used to visit the farm of the woman. meirad, together with other Khasi brothers, who live nearby.
He urged the district authorities to take immediate action on the issues related to the VECs and their salaries.
Replying to this, Prestone said that the Western Bypass work has reached the point of purchasing land and said, “I am sure that if the works go smoothly within three months, we will be able to hand over the land. the land to the company to start the work"
However, after the State Government has reopened the market, the Iewduh, the Khyndai Lad and the shops, the residents have become a little happier that they have been able to earn a living. There are also market vendors who walk from one place to another such as those who sell tyrwa soh, jhur, food items, kwai and others.
Regarding these complaints, the village has agreed to remove these farmers from this area and to resume the cultivation of trees through the village authority, the report said.
If any nation that God has created on this earth will perish.
The talks to set up the Boundary Commission have not come to fruition.
Damewanhi Rymbai, 35, of Wapung Skur, who came forward to protest against the two rich men, Samla Kyrmen Shylla, MLA and Minister of State and Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh. , MLA and former Minister of State.
Shillong, July 16: The Kur Syiemlieh Sawkpoh, on Tuesday, demanded that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) should remove the Maharam Syiemship, Pa'iem Niandro Syiemiong, on the charges that he rules by force and acts against the people. laws and customs of the Hima government.
He said that according to the information they have received, there are still many companies who intend to set up factories in this area, and the concern is that this will cause more damage to the environment and to the surroundings of it.
But wait you will get the notification in due time.
“We have also decided to empower the Village Organization (VO) by providing them with the necessary equipment and other equipment to produce heritage items and also to We have given approval for the construction of boats, parking lots, toilets and footpaths inside the park,” he added.
After receiving the information, the union conducted a search operation and when they arrived at Quinine, they investigated the foreigners who came in these expensive vehicles and found that they were intending to steal. I went to Bhoirymbong.
The Government's behavior has been excessive and the Government has behaved too childishly,” said Kong Syiemlieh.
The cycle started from Kiang Nangbah Stadium and was inaugurated by Ma Chemphang Syrti, Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District in the presence of District Sports Officer, Ma Khroobok Passah and Bah W. Kharbuli, MCS, Assistant. Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: The President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) Banteidor Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that there has been no agreement to replace the ministers in the PDF party. Banteidor Lyngdoh, Hamletson Dohling, Jason Mawlong and Gavin Mylliemngap.
Attempts to mine this precious mineral in the past nine years have failed due to strong opposition from the people.
In the complaint, he said that in November 2014, Pakyntein along with two other HNLC employees were arrested for attempting to kidnap the son of a businessman. .
Kejriwal announced the name of Baba as the opener of the hospital after being invited by the NDMC to inaugurate the upgraded hospital.
Thiama Nampui (17) scored the first goal for Mookyrdup.
Speaking to reporters, the Chairman of the DC, Dr Kharsyiemlieh, said that the meeting to listen to the views and speeches of the people in the 23 constituencies will start from the 21st of this month and end. through November 15th.
Those who attended the ceremony included John Kharshiing, one of the prominent leaders of the state, Everist Marsing, Bandary Ryntathiang and other leaders of the area.
One of the issues, which is very important in these news, is the lack of proper salary of teachers and this is the most important issue and affects their livelihood and that of their families. and which has also led to the decline in the quality of education for school children and students.
Shillong, November 07: The price of synsar has increased slightly compared to last year at the Mawiong market while the price of tyrpad leaves has remained the same as last season.
“If the government doesn't do so immediately, this border settlement in the second phase will cause many problems and in today's meeting, we suggest that there should be no confusion,” he said. he said.
Urging the youth to stand up for the country, Samuel said, “If the CAB is passed, in just 20 years Meghalaya will become like Tripura where the villagers will become low paid. and the pictures shall be changed.
KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah said that the number of injured is still unknown, but the Sordar of Umwai has been taken to Shillong for treatment. care that you are not seriously injured.
He said that as the leader of the VPP party, he has to explain to the people that the party was formed not only to contest elections, but to save, improve and for the welfare of the people in the state.
One of them is the resignation of the Chairman and Speaker, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, to the opposition.
After a struggle that lasted about four years, Tirot Singh surrendered on 13 January
The meeting also paid tribute to the late MDC Obil Kyndait who passed away on 16th November
I am very pleased that the police have worked hard to arrest that man and I commend them for their hard work.
The confession of sins is being born again by the Spirit of God.
The candidates for the post of Leader of the constituency include Samlim Malngiang, former MLA, Synshar Lyngdoh Thabah, UDP, Osborn Kharjana, former MLA. Sandondor Ryn Tathiang of the HSPDP, Stodingstar Thabah of the Trinamool Congress (TMC) and Seraph Eric Kharbuki. of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
The CAB will be taken up in the current session of the Legislative Assembly, which will start tomorrow.
“Although we cannot do anything, we are deeply saddened by the influx of foreign masters who have entered the country to work even in the rural areas, which has caused a lot of trouble to the Khasi masters, especially the Khasi masters. to those who are just beginning to become like Masters,” said these mysteries to the reporter.
