Before leaving the city, the sports department held a short meeting at the JN Stadium in Polo to congratulate the children for their good performance in the tournament. can win and return home with medals.
“It is the right time for us to fight against drugs so that the future of the youth will not have anything worse happen to them but they will be able to continue their studies and to live for the good of the district and the state as a whole,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Because all the necessary information about the village is on the sign board placed before entering the village from the number of houses to the number of residents.
Nongpluh said that she lost hope of getting the BJP ticket after the voices were heard in Pynthor-Umkhrah that Bah AL Hek will contest from the BJP. “You journalists know better about that,” said Nongpluh.
May God bless you and keep you publishing more articles under the guidance of the Holy Spirit.
This is urgently needed for the kurs to issue a clan certificate because people are free to change their Khasi kur like Thapa has an affidavit and becomes Thabah. can do this.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle on Saturday held a Free Medical Camp at Kynjat Phutbol which has been a great benefit to the residents.
They have only one goal and that is to make money for themselves and to get rich people and besides that, they don't care about those who sleep on the streets, those who break condoms, those who sleep on the streets. The reason is because the money belongs to them and the garbage belongs to the villagers of Dawki and Sohra.
He said that according to the rules, any adult should be a member regardless of whether he is a citizen or a foreigner.
“The CS Division falls under the jurisdiction of the border reconciliation,” he said.
Ma Wanmon said that the incident happened at 1:30 pm when no one was at home.
Rai hi maphi.
Ronaldo and Georgina wrote on social media that they had a baby and their daughter was getting stronger, while their son passed away, according to a statement on Tuesday. Sunday.
Daniel said the minister has promised to deploy police to patrol the areas affected by the Bangladeshis like Tamabil, Amdoh, Muktapur and Khliehlad Darang.
After killing the MP, they covered his body and wanted to destroy his body, so that there would be no witnesses to the death of the MP. , they also took the bones of the body, put them in different bags and threw them in different parts of Kolkata.
There is no restriction on how much money is received from the employer but this should be limited to T.10 lakh from other persons.
Shillong, Blood Center, Blood Donors and others.
So far, the count has been received from 2,500 polling stations out of 3167 polling stations in the state.
In fact, if the court had accepted the government's request from the beginning to implement the reservation, there would have been no problems but because the court has ordered the government to implement the reservation from the beginning. The policy now puts the government in trouble.
The meeting will present a report on the activities and explanations of the Forum and will discuss only the issue of the ban on mining and sale of coal, said a statement from the Forum. M. Kharkongor, Secretary of the Forum.
Twelve cases have been confirmed from Dimapur, five from Kohima and one from Tuensang, out of a total of 18 cases in the state.
On the same day, leaders of these two organizations, including Bah Jason Nongrum, Vice-President of HYC Ri Bhoi and Bah Mission Tron, President of RBYC, visited one of the They found that some of the foreigners who worked at the marjot warehouse in Umran could not produce proper documents such as labor license and others. .
The farmers said that the best fertilizer for them is Shyieng fertilizer, but this fertilizer which is more suitable for the soil in the district has not been available or supplied by the government in such a way that they farmers will be able to use it properly.
Sadly, they cannot win the battles and bring victory to their cause.
However, the response of the people during the elections, as it appears, is not because they are happy or satisfied with the issues raised by the political parties or the candidates.
Replying to the allegation that his brother, Nidaman Shullet, was appointed, PK Shulet said that he is not his brother, but they are of the same race. also explain that the recruitment was done by the DMC and he himself had no authority.
The complex includes a football stadium and four indoor halls, the total construction cost of which is Rs 127.7 crore.
If the French could completely change the Khasi customs and traditions for their own benefit, they would have made laws that have been incorporated into the constitutions of the state.
At the same time, he said that the Forest Department had planned to build a high fence around the park but there was opposition on the grounds that it is a public place and the intention of the department. it just stalled.
The State Government has recently increased the grant in the form of grants for the salaries of Adhoc teachers in Higher Secondary, Secondary, Lower Primary, Upper Primary, Fourth Teachers, Science Teachers and Hindi.
There was a fierce struggle and language fighting between the people of Assam and Meghalaya.
Inaugurating the PRIME Hub at Fables Spark Hills, a skill training organization managed by Bakdil, a missionary social organization, Chief Minister Conrad K.Sangma said that PRIME Hub is an initiative of the government to ensure skill based learning to the youth of the State.
“These religious fanatics have broken the door of the church, they have broken the altar, the statue of Jesus crucified, the furniture of this church,” said the Parish Priest of Sacred Heart Parish and Fr Jomon Devasia.
Assam Police, led by ADC, Wet Karbi Anglong, Assam, accompanied by 60 Assam Police, CRP and They have cut down trees, forests and forests in the area, which is about 10 kilometers from the Assam-Meghalaya border and far from the police station at Mokoilum.
God has a count, because as soon as the time comes to authorize the Jews to build the Temple, the “last month” or 7 years mentioned in Daniel 9:27 will begin.
One of the most distinctive features of pigs that are not found healthy in other animals is that the larger the body, the less food they eat, unlike other animals.
“If a Khasi DC is not appointed within three days, we will hold a protest according to the rule of law,” they said in a letter sent to the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma. South Africa.
The march started from Nan Polok to Anthony's School Stadium Don Bosco, Laitumkhrah where all the participants gathered to join hands and donate their names as part of the creation of opportunities to inform and educate. how to treat and get rid of diabetes.
With the establishment of the Barato Police Outpost, all the areas that have been allocated to this Outpost will no longer fall under the Nartiang Police Station.
Launching the Action Plan at the party headquarters, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that the 'Sankalp Patra' will empower the four pillars of the country including youth, women. , the peasant poor, and the peasantry.
Throughout the day, the Jirang MLA, besides opening the office of the Senglongkmie, also donated necessary items to the Senglongkmie, youth organizations and some items. for those who are in need in the village.
TMC MLA from Nongthymmai, Bah Charles Pyngrope said that Anganwadi workers are the ones who go to the field to collect information regarding children and they need to be provided with smart phones so that they can easily keep records. uniform.
“Previously, Mylliem had only 4 Gramsevak circles but now after the creation of the new Block, 13 Gramsevak circles have been created.
Soyal, 20, is the third foreign player signed by Hyderabad FC after Alex Saji and Manoj Mohammad.
He said that what is more shocking is the slowdown of trucks passing through the bridge and the load they carry is more than 20 tonnes. The union has demanded to install a weigh bridge on the bridge. Apart from ensuring that trucks should carry exactly 9 tonnes and not overload.
However, regarding this issue, the MLA said that she will listen to the voice of the supporters who are the winners, whichever party they choose, to that party will go to contest the upcoming elections.
The Catholics of the Shillong Archdiocese, together with believers around the world, on the 22nd of June, celebrate the “Ka Sngi Balang Ber Dpei”.
aided schools) have the same problem and that is the lack of salary every month.
Only Osric Herbert Wanswett took a wicket (1/38 in 3 overs).
Kynsai Pale (68, 84) and Dauruhi Pale (89) scored all three goals for Sailung in the second half.
Laitkseh Village, which falls under the HIMA Myriaw, is also famous for the order and peace and order in the village since ancient times until today.
He also urged the family to accept with joy this donation which is according to the capacity of the organization and hopes that it will be of help to the family of the orphan.
The incident has led to the leaders of these two organizations lodging a complaint against each other and Bah Ninam Shadap has been detained for 14 days after failing to produce witnesses. MPUF President Dapoiwanmi Laloo has allegedly shot him with a pistol.
"“Therefore, any investigation team should investigate from the ground up only if they have the cooperation of the law enforcement agencies of this state, investigation teams, domestic and foreign and they will be able to investigate and I don't know who the Kingpin is,” he said.
However, despite the many obstacles, the Salesian Society of Don Bosco has overcome all the obstacles to pave the way for the Khasi-Pnar youth as well as for many of the youth of the Eastern Region. -It is easy to graduate from college.
The voice of the elders of the area, urged the authorities to inspect the bridge, because as it is now, the bridge has been torn down and Four Indian soldiers were killed in a clash between Indian and Pakistani troops on the border between the two countries in Jammu and Kashmir.
“Besides earning only T.1800 per month, I have tried to pursue my studies at step school,” said Ibahunlang.
He also expressed his regret over the decline in the income of our fellow countrymen due to the low price of some of the beneficiaries especially the Khasi women through Benami jobs.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, while talking to reporters after a meeting with various civil society groups. .
Fourthly, all the Khasi MLAs have supported the renewal of the Reservation Policy 1972, even if there are others who do not agree to support this issue, they are trying to hide themselves because they are still They didn't want to go through the old path because this new path is too difficult for them, but in the end they agreed to set up an Expert Committee.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the DC, Bah C.Wankhar, Executive Member of the party, said that the DC has explained that after the test, The ban is only on Rohu, Katla and Pangas, but local fish, imported from Assam and small fish are allowed to be sold.
“It has been decided that I will contest the MDC election from Langrin,” said Bah Pius.
The residents of the village believe that the incident may have happened at midnight as they saw the incident this morning.
It is here that Soso says : The raid is good, The evil is great, The law is broken, God is man.
Japan has reported 505 deaths.
“I am pleased to know that the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma has an intention to set up a National Law School in the state,” said Sen.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that the amount of rice received by Meghalaya through the Social Welfare Department for food production and distribution through Aganwadi is 1604 MT. 34,000 people have been arrested by the police in Assam.
Dr Mukul strongly opposed the National Citizenship Bill of the NDA government which allows only Hindus living abroad to return to India as this bill will seriously affect the eastern part of India. person.
He said the government has worked hard to arrest GNLA Chairman Champion Sangma and many GNLA members. come to the negotiating table with the government.
The union also said that apart from PHE, Pwd and irrigation, almost all the departments implement the contracts themselves like the Fisheries department has implemented or supervised only one person who does not know how well this junior officer works. The Soil and Water Conservation, Forest Development Department and others are self-employed.
However, they should be the children of the raïot of one kingdom and not of two kingdoms as they used to be.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has expected to receive the information from the SBI within three months. which are clearly and in detail on the official websites, so that the public can get information and clarification.
Up to 412 children from 96 schools from across the state participated in the competition.
Many political parties have criticized the KHADC especially its Chairman Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem (CEM) for issuing the NOC suddenly and many of the MDCs in the PDF are not aware of it. .
The chief guest, Ma Kyrmen Shylla, Cabinet Minister, Government of Meghalaya, said that the purpose of this conference is to provide training on how to improve the working methods and delivery. treatment of patients according to this era.
She said that after this, Bah PT Sawkmie appointed her, she started working as a casual and she informed the MLA with joy that she has recently been promoted to the rank of LDA. Headmaster Blanstar Lyngdoh, Alex Syiem, Felicia Sun and others also welcomed the guests.
“The time is too short, I want to think about the MLA election 2018, before announcing the ticket together with my supporters, we have decided that I should not contest anymore, it would be better to think about it. for the 2018 elections,” said Lambor Malngiang.
You're Sanctified.
“On our part, the BJP has no complaint if (the Governor) speaks in Hindi.
Thousands of people have come from near and far to express their condolences to the family.
While we have party feelings, there is no unity because not everyone loves or will vote for one party.
In another development, the Commissioner and Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, has announced that the 13th November 2020 will be a public holiday for the Wangala Festival and not the 6th November featured in the list of public holidays, published by the government.
“The bank should train and support the farmers in the rural areas so that they can increase their income,” he said.
However, we say that it is enough, because we are unique from all the countries of the world because we are a nation that gives birth to its mother.
The number of cases has dropped to 4,324 from yesterday.
Police have been conducting searches in the area for two months, a police source said.
The Sordar said that in his speech, he spoke the truth and that is that the Ri Raid is a Raid and is not owned by the children of the owners, according to the custom in Raid Shabong and said that there is a raid land in Raid Shabong, where thousands of children of the raid, have a share to eat together, but if the agriculture, farming, the land stops. They went straight to the Raid, but it was reported that Ki Khun Kur was the owner, and three women Raid Shabong were not the owners of the land.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) and the Syiem of Mylliem on Monday decided to hold a public meeting at the market on the 12th of July. to come.
Roopa Nair expressed her happiness to take part in the election of new office bearers and urged the office bearers to take responsibility for their duties. to take responsibility for the preservation of these natural resources for the future.
Agriculture, Sericulture, Veterinary, Forest, Health and other government departments have not yet extended their helping hands.
It also demands the reinstatement of all those employees who have been dismissed and the payment of their 27 months salary.
The department has also installed a Gas Chromatography Mass Spectrometry Machine (GCMS) for the purpose of assessing the safety of drugs as well as the recruitment of qualified personnel for the FSL,” he said. he added.
In these days, a 100 meter long footpath has been constructed as part of the implementation of the project with the financial assistance from the NSS Cell, N.E.H.U. In the past, while we didn't get this footpath, those who live here on the top of the hill used to walk through the ground floors of people's houses to reach the rong road,” he said. serve the community and the students of this College to improve in their studies.
According to information from the Rynjah Police Station, the woman has lodged a complaint against the foreigner because she suspected that he had done something wrong to her.
“What is more sad is that these Hynniewtrep Ministers of ours are trying to sdien Mukul bus and forget the date like those leaders.
Let us avoid such rumors or rumors that affect our health and mental health.
which cannot come and go to the area as it has been understood.
Shillong: U Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh today said that the Act which has received the approval of the Governor should not be passed.
However, they know that the Seed of Longbriew and Manbriew comes from the Rangbah Longkpa.
The name of Bah Metbah was approved by the MDA allies including the NPP, PDF, HSPDSP, NCP, BJP and independent MLAs.
Expressing his gratitude for the success of the Rozgar Mela, the Union Minister of State for Child Development said that the work is progressing to provide 10 lakh government jobs to the youth in various departments. different federal government.
“We came to meet the CEM to ask for clarification on the kilo ban but the CEM has explained that it is only an amendment and the rules still need to be made,” said Bristar.
“There are many ways to protest which will not harm the development of the country,” said Mukul while speaking at the opening ceremony of the Mairang Presbyterian Science College in Lumsohkhlur, Mairang today.
“If we go to parts of India, they treat us like Chinese and Nepalese, while here we call the Dkhars mama, but if the Dkhars treat us badly, we will smile. “It's all on our feet,” said Donald.
Asst.Organizing Secy- Chembor Khyrwang Publicity Secy- Johnny Suchiang.
For the second time, the Governor of Assam has announced the implementation of another of these 225 Acts, the Eastern Bengal and Assam Excise Act, 1910 throughout the UK-JHADC. This Notification issued on the 8th September, 1961 This has severely affected the kiad manufacturers in Ri Khasi, therefore, under the leadership of I (L) Kong Byrhien Kurkalang, they have handed over the case to the Pleader to file a complaint. The case was referred to the High Court of Gauhati and Nagaland at that time.
ECB Bamon and Nehimaya Tyngkan were elected as Advisors and on the same day, Fivestar Suiam and 10 others were appointed as new members.
Peter spoke to the man in such a way that he would tell the truth about what was happening to him.
Furthermore, the government is also preparing to provide government jobs to the families of those residents who have lost their lives.
He said that the Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary has directed the doctors from the department to investigate the cause of these diseases but till now the veterinary doctors have not been able to provide any information on this issue. or giving instructions to the public doing business.
The Advocate General, Bah Kupar Kynjing, at that time (2012-13), submitted a report to the High Level Committee on Influx which clearly stated that the ILP can only be implemented in all areas of KHADC. bad JHADC; The Government will have to pass a separate legislation on the land in the GHADC, which is the same as the Supreme Court's decision in the case of Byrhien Kurkalang.
So after these things Jesus was taken up into heaven in a cloud and after 50 days they waited in Jerusalem, the Holy Spirit came down from heaven, they were all filled with the Holy Spirit, they began to pray. and they spake with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance" (Acts 2:1-4).
Others who attended the function included SDO Amlarem Civil Sub-Division, Amlarem Dr. Abhiskek Saini, IAS, Asst Commissioner and Amlarem C&RD Block Development Officer GLC Mylliem, Director of JHDS; Fr.Manbha Pakem, MSRLS staff, SHG members and residents of Hawai Bhoi.
Earlier, the union had submitted a demand since 21st November 2020 to this office to conduct an independent inquiry and was given three months to conduct this inquiry.
The three-day inter school athletic meet 2023 was organized by the office of the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District. which ends on Thursday.
I was told that the ballot box had been forgotten on the plane.
Conrad said the state shares a 440 km border with Bangladesh, which will open the way for the state to sell its goods to neighboring countries.
Renewal is a heartfelt decision to turn away from bad habits and live a better life.
Email Id: mukhimriki@gmail.comPhone No: +91 9366537385.
Therefore, the Government should speak out and demand that the Central Government should appoint more Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people and not allow foreigners to enter the country. The offices and training departments of the Central Government within the State. The residents of the State should benefit from the visit of any offices and training centres.
Until midnight they sat down together.
Students who passed the Matric Examination and Class XII ArtsMATRIKPosition Roll No.Names of candidates and institutions Marks Secured1 48144 Sourav Pathak (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,B) 571*R.K.Mission Higher Secondary School,Cherndurapunji2 Karmakar (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,B) 567*Tura Town Higher Secondary School,Tura3 42368 Neil Leeson Syiemlieh (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,Ae) 566*K.C.Secondary School,Shillong4 42421 Roisan Wahlang (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,Kh) 563*Little Flower School,Shillong46190 Badaiahun Wriang (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,Kh) 563*Synod Higher Secondary School,Shillong5 65305 Drishti De (E,M ,S&T,SS,HEd,H) 562*Sherwood School,Tura6 65314 Shreya Bhattacharjya (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,H) 561*Sherwood School,Tura7 41207 Sharmistha Dutta (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd ,Ae) 559*All Saints' Diocesan Higher Secondary School,Shillong42813 Nilakshi Mazumder (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,Ae) 559*St.Mary's Higher Secondary School,Shillong53453 Dipti Tiwary (E,SS,,S&T,T HEd,Ae) 559*Anderson Higher Secondary School,Nongstoin8 46206 Dapdianglin Marwein (M,S&T,SS,HEd,Kh) 557*Synod Higher Secondary School,Shillong9 41358 Fateha Laskar (E,M,S&T,SS), 555*Lady Keane Girls' Higher Secondary School,Shillong10 42548 Anwesha Das (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,Ae) 554*Seven Set Higher Secondary School,Shillong42674 Amaayaa Goswami (E,M,S&T,SS,CSc,Ae ) 554*St.Mary's Higher Secondary School,Shillong65080 Aditya Kumar (M,S&T,SS,HEd,H) 554*Sherwood School,Tura11 59087 Pakma Ward (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,Kh) 5.Singh*H. Memorial Secondary School,Jowai12 40941 Ankurjyoti Koch (E,M,S&T,SS,CSc) 552*All Saints' Diocesan Higher Secondary School,Shillong13 42353 Adrian D Sangma (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,*Ae. C. 551 Secondary School,Shillong14 40999 Souhik Mazumdar (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,Ae) 550*All Saints' Diocesan Higher Secondary School,Shillong14 59165 Samhakani Suja (E,M,S&T,SS,HEd,Kh. JK) 5.50.* Synod Mihngi Higher Secondary School,Jowai15 42766 Ithianghun Sana Mylliem Pdah (E,M,S&T,SS,CSc,Kh) 549*St.Mary's Higher Secondary School,Shillong58635 Berister Swer (M,S&T,SS),HEd 54,9* Govt.
Everyone who wants to see that 1000 year new world.
Hong Kong leaders on Tuesday said the Hong Kong government has already suspended some of the protocols from the beginning of At this time, it was decided to lift the rule completely and the people were released from the confinement of the mask.
We must protest and intensify mass protests, but only in accordance with the rules and regulations of democracy.
And the Gibeonites surrendered unto Joshua, and served the children of Israel.
The highest number of appointments of Chairman has been since the time of Dr. Mukul Sangma, followed by the Conrad government in MDA-1 and now in MDA-2 thaw more.
“Don't say you can't because the NACC doesn't only look at the college that produces intelligent students, because the NAAC's mission is to look at the community, how the college works and what the achievements of the college are. I'm a student,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
The JMPS organizes this song with the aim of bringing peace like Bob Marley's dream to the world and also to attract tourists with his songs and also to come and honor this song. day in the Jaintia Hills.
At the same time, he congratulated all the office bearers of the party.
Without knowledge of English, we are too poor in knowledge.
And that will depend on how we present it to them.
The KSU has alleged that NHIDCL is only a fake image of UCIL, nothing but a fake image of UCIL. sop ha Umdohlun on the 22nd where only dozens of people attended the meeting and the villagers did not think that there would be such a public meeting at Wahkaji.
“We are witnesses that this Government intends to move forward to make Meghalaya a state prominent in casino activities which is against the will and wishes of the people.
The purpose of this is to achieve success through movements.
According to a statement, the CEO of the state, Dr BDR Tiwari, on 5th July, announced the Final Rolls for the Special Summary Revision.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The government's failure to release the funds under the MNREGS scheme has increased the number of villages in the country. through the Community and Rural Development Block.
A total of 127 new cases of coronavirus have been confirmed in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases in Assam to 2,1
The doctor immediately got up and got into the car to go to the hospital.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah AL Hek was surprised and unable to imagine seeing such a strategy and method to test the children to shape their full sports future. long which is completely different.
Firstly, did the beginning of theological studies of the subject(pupil) began with a calling for ministry? If the answer for the majority during the research is No! Then one must move to the next investigation in the research.2.
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club, the Minister said, “The linking of the ration card with Aadhar will enable the full implementation of the National Food Security Act (NFSA) across the country.
The former MP and current MDC of the constituency is the owner of factories in Shallang, West Khasi Hills.
At the same time, the AHAM leaders said that despite the illegal mining of mineral resources despite the court closure, there is also illegal mining of stone in many parts of Garo Hills.
Bharat Gurung (1/26) and Raghav Magotra (1/44) were the two wicket-takers for Meghalaya.
The Municipal Corporation of Gurugram (MCG) has launched a public awareness campaign to educate the public on the use of plastic bags which have been banned from 1st November 2022 said the authorities.
According to the CAG report, 6 cases between 5-10 years, 35 cases between 10-15 years, 5 cases between 15-20 years, 23 cases between 20-25 years and 6 cases between 25 years. bad too.
During her visit, the Joint Secretary visited Sadew and Mawklot villages under Mylliem C&RD Block, and witnessed the changes brought about in the villages by the implementation of the MGNREGA scheme. the residents.
It is alleged that the reason why the village leaders of Nongsier have decided to dismiss the ASHA, is after she went to help the Lanot, by taking him to the hospital and also to walk to the hospital. The legal proceedings against this young woman.
In the meeting, the CEO of the department in Umiam, promised to take action on this issue, and directed other officers and the SDO to ensure that this method of calculating the electricity bill should not be used. “I don't know what to do,” said Samla Syiem.
On this occasion, they decided to work hard to win the election of their candidate Bah PT Sawkmie who will soon join the UDP. to include in the part of speech those which require grammar, which may not have a snap in English or other languages.
His family members were angry over the incident and demanded that the government should pay compensation or else they would lodge a complaint in court.
Marak died shortly afterwards while two others, Wilkan S Sangma (18) and Blestar G Marak (25), were seriously injured.
Prakash Javadekar – Minister of Environment, Forest and Climate Change; and Minister of Information and Broadcasting17.
The ticket price is T.30/-.
Rouzbeh Sheshmi scored in the 90+8th minute while Ramin Rezaeian scored in the 90+11th minute.
Confirming this, KSU General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa said that the DC has allowed to hold the rally at the venue and the KSU will proceed as scheduled.
The first meeting on the MoU will be held at Patharkhmah, Ribhoi District on the 30th of this month at 12:00 pm and will also be held in Shillong and other places. places like Rambrai, Riangdo and other places.
Regarding the school in Nartiang Moodop Government LP School does not have its own school, they have held school only in the Committee hall in Moodop which has caused problems because there is no division of rooms. classes and children will have to sit together from the youngest class to the oldest class.
“We see that the Adhoc and SSA teachers' strike is a disgrace to the morality of the state, because they don't even care about education.
During the meeting, the officers of the two departments promised to take action on this issue.
Total Positive Cases 36Total Active Cases 22Total Recovered 13Total Deceased 1.
:The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who is also in charge of the Home Department in the State Government, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the Police Department will soon issue a notice on the vacancies in the state government. police department.
At present, there are only one Mawnar or Iron one in the Nongtrai area which has not been mined but has been purchased by companies and private individuals.
The source said that MeECL has already sent showcause notices to all the mobile companies who have installed mobile towers on the grounds that these companies should be cut off from the electricity supply because they have not paid. the electricity bill that they used.
Miani also criticized Prestone's statement that the Congress party is a broken party and Miani said it was because of his desire to leave. I'm from the Congress.
On the other hand, the MDC from Mawhati Constituency asked, “Why can Assam set up these outposts while Meghalaya cannot”.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) FR Kharkongor said that the Election Department has informed the Election Department in Delhi as soon as it receives a letter from the Assembly, Meghalaya.
The courage of these MDCs to steal money and steal seats is because they still intend and feel that they can order the officers of the council to deposit public money in their personal accounts. It was alleged earlier that the CEM (Bah PN Syiem) had ordered the Secretary of KHADC to take the professional tax money to deposit in personal accounts and to misuse the money through the Monolith Festival and others.
Speaking to reporters, HH Mohrmen said that the district authorities should take action as there is a ban on quarrying stone from the river by the National Green Tribunal (NGT).
According to christies.com, the Hermès Himalaya Birkin is known as the 'Holy Grail in a Handbag' and contains 240 pieces of precious stones and gold. 18-carat.
“It is on the orders and initiative of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi that I am here today to visit the North East,” Meghwal said.
At that time we should not forget that the Congress was in power in the central government and in Manipur but why without the help of the ruling party at that time, have you forgotten that Rahul Gandhi?
It is also a backward nation and still needs many development opportunities.
The same court also sentenced Rishan Marweiñ to 20 years imprisonment and a fine of T.30,000 for offenses under Section 6 of the POCSO Act.
The Assam Government at that time also tried to arrest Lt. Jesse Singh Snar Chairman and other leaders of the Raid Mynsaw.
Before the match, Rangdajied had earned five points from two draws and won only one, while Langsning had earned four points from three games.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today laid a wreath at the statue of Mahatma Gandhi at the Main Secretariat to commemorate the 151st birth anniversary of the Father of India.
The jealousy and bitterness of the spirit is very strong and the spirit of evil enters into them and sometimes there is even anger until it leads to divorce or until they are completely separated.
In this incident, two people lost their lives including a woman while they were cleaning the house.
Nongpoh, Nailar 09: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Lai Shnong Unit (HYC) has launched a campaign against the destruction of a school building in Umjari Mathan village in Ri-Bhoi district. day to donate tins of household items to the school.
If they are not, it is up to the Meghalaya government to answer why.
Nongpoh: The Anti Narcotic Team Force (ANTF) of Ri Bhoi Police have arrested three men and a woman on charges of drug trafficking. are the drug dealers.
Puwein said that if the house really belongs to the Assam Government, it will be a big problem for the residents of Langpih area which produces a lot of syieng, soh ki pai and The Assam government will block the IB Forest in Langpih. The Assam government will block the ability of the people of the area to engage in agriculture.
Organizing Secretary- Dikinson Khynriam.
However, these days Shillong has become a city of foreigners, where foreigners have taken over the employment, wages, farming and in all aspects.
Rueben Najiar, KSU Sahsniang Unit, Shaniah Shkem Dkhar, Justice Paul Lyngdoh, Balawan Suchiang, Dannywanki Lyngdoh and J Lathong were also present at the ceremony.
“We are waiting for them to respond and to come and discuss the blueprint,” said Sniawbha.
“According to the rules of the scheme, teachers should be appointed in Government schools as permanent teachers and not in other private or mission schools.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister also sought the support of the Prime Minister regarding the ongoing border talks at the six border areas with Assam.
At the same time , we express our deep sorrow because we have dedicated ourselves from the bottom of our hearts by working together with the people for the good of the district as a whole by leaving behind our children , Our relatives who really need us especially in such a difficult time when we lose ourselves and lose our lives.
Development and freedom go hand in hand.
The meeting was chaired by Dr. DD Lapang, President of the Governing Body, in the presence of Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Chairman of the Sub Governing Body of Ri Bhoi College, WK Blah, Secretary. Body of Ri Bhoi College and other members of the Governing Body.
He said that the HYC supports Bah Adelbert Nongrum and urged the Dorbar Shnongs, Chiefs to come forward on the 27th of this month on the day of the trial of Bah Adelbert Nongrum. supporting him on that issue.
On this occasion, the SDO of Pynursla Civil gave an assurance that his office will take care of this issue.
The union also demands that the government should not take stingy on these illegal activities and the government should immediately take measures to curb these illegal entry of foreigners into the state. Therefore, the party will take the law into its own hands and do whatever is necessary.
Bah Banteidor, who is the MLA of Mawkynrew constituency, said that these things did not come from them, as the owners of the news to merge with the NPP. The Central Executive Committee will hold a meeting to discuss this, and when the time comes, it will be revealed because it all depends on the arrangement and discussion.
The National People's Party (NPP) Sutnga-Saipung Block Committee (NPP) together with the Dorbar Shnong Sutnga have honored Dr WR Kharlukhi, MP of the new Rajya Sabha.
Dear parents, I sincerely hope that these past few days you have spent time with your children.
The JHADC in accordance with the Regulation 1975 after the request of the village of Wahiajer to hold the market twice a day at Wahiajer Market has approved to hold the market twice a day. Pynsiñ Market and Pyngkat Market Day This market falls under the jurisdiction of Wahiajer and covers an area of ​​4.91 acres.
The Chief Guest will be Sniawbhalang Dhar, Symbud Chief Minister and Sports Minister Shakliar Wajri as the Chief Guest.
Nongstoiñ, June 10: The Rambrai Jyrngam Assembly Constituency, which has been divided for a long time from the Nongstoin Assembly Constituency, has received only one MDC constituency since the first division. He was elected as the first MDC from the Hills State People's Democratic Party.
Health risks for children who are overweight include high blood sugar, diabetes and high blood pressure, sleep disorders, high cholesterol, diabetes or asthma and cardiovascular diseases.
“This demand has been there for a long time and I’ve always believed that these issues are related to economic development.
According to him, the appointment through the DSC is more timely and for that reason, the appointment has to be temporary while the full appointment cannot be completed.
“We'll go to the market with me soon after dinner,” said Nia and was reading the newspaper again. “As you say Nia,” said Bhalang.
"La pynshai ka khun" Thank God for giving me Niakha as your Kha, my son... But it is difficult for me to support you..." The mother said, "You will go and pay tomorrow as I commanded.
R.Konel Phira in his speech expressed his gratitude to the Rotary Club Jowai for taking this opportunity to encourage others to showcase their talents. .
He said that all 46 blocks of the state will get new offices and Rs 2 crore 50 lakh has been allocated for the construction of new offices in 6 blocks. Other speakers at the program included the Minister in charge of Water Resources, Bah Brolding. Nongsiej, Deputy Commissioner of Mairang C&RD Block, Dr. LR Hynniewta.
At present, Shillong District Jail has 464 prisoners of which 448 are males and 16 females.
The sister of Bah Khielangstar said that the man who shot her brother was identified as Arbor Nongbri and she does not know the cause of the incident. don't be like that.
Leaders from the State Level will attend the event.
He said he was pleased to see that the ARPA has succeeded in the government's plan to force the Administrator's Rule in the Council.
All the 199 households who received assistance include poor households (BPL), students from poor families, seriously ill, deceased, fire victims , cancer patients, mentally retarded, collapse of houses and wells through natural disasters, self-employment for widows, church committees, puja committees, schools College Committees, Sports, Social and Cultural Clubs, Dorbar Shnongs and others under the 19th South Shillong LA Constituency.
“But now Bah Shylla has thanked me, I don't care about that, I don't have Bah Shylla, everyone knows who Bah Shylla is. Warbah talks to Rupang.
Peter, by the power of the Holy Spirit, also raised the dead.
“Therefore, on all these facts, they expose exactly the wrongdoing and fraud of Lajja Ram Bishnoi.
For a long time I have expressed my feeling that it would be better for us to preserve here in our area, as a bright, clean, beautiful country, as mentioned and praised even by people. or outside spirit.
Shylla recalled the hard work of the teachers in the past two years due to the outbreak of Covid-19, in which the teachers have had to teach the students through online classes which have changed. They didn't have a complete teaching method, but even though it was difficult, all the teachers worked hard to fulfill their duties.
Nongstoiñ, June 28: The Government of India has strengthened the Community Radio Stations for the benefit of the people. The Prime Minister Narendra Modi has inaugurated the 100.1 transmitter. mega hertz.
“This park near the OB Shopping Mall is one of the garbage dumps that affects the city especially others when they come to the city and the state to see its beauty.
Furthermore, the state government is on the verge of introducing a transparent and efficient dismissal of health workers.
Suddenly, robbers armed with pistols and other weapons suddenly appeared in the middle of the road and stopped the bus.
The party said that it is with these families in its prayers.
“Girls are like the rishot of the family and as of now there have been various incidents against girls in the society so it is very important for women to be leaders to prevent violence. JSU General Secretary Treiborlang Suchen said.
Along with the students, several teachers of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat South West Khasi Hills District were also present. College, Mawkyrwat.
Speaking after the inspection, the MLA said that their visit was to fulfill the wish and desire of Mawtawar village to build a new PHC which will be of great benefit to the village. Mawtawar and neighboring villages such as Umshing, Umshing, Nongkohlew, Umsaw Mawjynrong and others.
Meghalaya has witnessed 5,196 cases of various crimes registered in the last three years, from 2020 to
Revelation 14:1
There are opportunities if the State Government in collaboration with the Central Government can use the Doordarshan Kendra in Shillong to provide training from morning to evening to different classes.
The central theme of the 2023 conference is 'United Nation's SDG 3: A Global Commitment to Well-Being'
He said that both sides need to understand and there is a need to improve the dialogue through the Central Government between the army and the needs of the citizens.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will inaugurate the second Akhil Bharatiya Shiksha Samagam to mark the three years of NEP 2020 on the 29th of this month at ITPO, Pragati. Maidan, New Delhi.
He said that the MUA-II government led by Dr Mukul Sangma is a one-man rule which is no different from the rule of law.
“It is a difficult task in which there is an expectation from the people but we will set these conditions.
In another report, it was learned that the NPP may contest against Ampareen Lyngdoh from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency and Agatha K Sangma from Tura.
It is also up to the EC to decide how much time to give the Delimitation Committee to complete this task.
So far, five teams from various sports have competed in the tournament of 66 National School Games including Table Tennis, Judo, Football, Basketball, Badminton, Athletics, Boxing and Shooting.
He said that if the Bill becomes law, it will apply only in the states where the government accepts it because the Bill is stronger than the government.
When asked whether the dorbar in Naitung is only a one-day special dorbar, the Lamphang said that any dorbar once held is a dorbar and nothing else can be said.
The union will soon receive an allocation of Rs 25 crore for the improvement of the Kiang Nangbah Stadium at Ladthadlaboh Jowai.
A short speech was delivered by Bah Lamborful Wanniang who stressed the importance of taking part in various sports so that they can have a healthy body and also to become healthy people. crazy health.
The misuse of public money or the corruption of the Congress government has now made the people aware and they have turned to the BJP which has tried hard to run the business in a clean and transparent manner.
Assam Police have said that at present, they have not allowed Assam vehicles, even vehicles carrying tourists, to enter Shillong, due to the incident of attacks on vehicles and people from Assam. Therefore, in order to avoid any tragic incident, the Police have not allowed Assam vehicles to enter Shillong.
They said that the names of those who came to provide information will be kept confidential.
From roads, water supply, electricity, education, health facilities and other basic necessities to the residents are very poor.
“Other workplaces will operate at 100 percent working hours for Group A and B officers and 50 percent working hours for Group C and D employees,” the order said. continue until further notice.
perhaps there are some of you who object when I write this and who do not believe that God accepts sacrifices.
Schools also have a responsibility to the state.
The celebration was attended by the children of SOS and their relatives.
“This soskular is not yet final, there are still many details to be completed and finally it is the Ïingdorbar,” said Bah Process. Parliament will not take a decision to end the border dispute"
Green tea is a good source of tea.
In East Khasi Hills, up to 14 houses have been damaged by the cyclone on 15th June 2022 including 12 in Mawlai and 2 in the surrounding areas. Shella Block/ Pynursla Block.
In the midst of these terrible changes, the Khasi and Munda people have been able to survive and preserve their traditions and customs.
On 31st January at 10:30 pm, a Maruti car fell into a 100 feet deep river and the driver and another passenger were seriously injured.
Bah Warjri has already explained and shown an example along with the tools to be used. Bah Spingshon Marshra, one of the elders who has been teaching the farmers and who has been involved in the project, has also explained. Speaking on the occasion, Bah Marshra explained that this training is the first step to bring about cleanliness and that food items such as meat and others, they are free from the infection of diseases spread by the snowflakes.
At the same time, he expressed his gratitude to the Mawranglang Laikyntoit Sports Club for allowing the Mawkyrwat Youth Development Association (MYDA) to host this tournament in three phases.
There are contractors who started the work at the same time and have been able to complete it on time like in Jirang, which has helped many tourists to Assam, but the contractors who have started the work from Patharkmah to Nongkhlaw have stopped. said Najim and urged the PWD department to take action to complete this road as soon as possible.
Marlangki Suting 70' (own goal) and Auspicious Pamthied 88' scored the second goal for Sohmynting.
Rev Derick Pariat gave the New Year's message.
Now, they know only to know God exactly without knowing the knowledge of man.
In an age when people talk through mobile phones, video chats and text messages, the residents of Kongthong use iawbei calls to call each other. to the mountains, to the rivers, or to any other place.
The meeting was concluded with a speech by Bah D Lamare General Secretary of the Seng who thanked the Dorbar Shnong Nongmensong for giving permission to hold this successful program and all those who came to take part in this programme. The programme, including Youth, Women's, Asha and Aganwadi Organizations as well as school children from Nongmensong area.
After the outbreak of World War II in 1945, he was taken prisoner of war along with his comrades.
The Private Selection Test for SSLC candidates which is conducted in October every year by the DSEO office in each district, this year there is no order.
The HYC also found that besides these contractors, there is another contractor of Lafarge who is still operating with an expired license from the District Council.
The purpose of this village council is to fight against the consumption of alcoholic beverages including kyiad, bhang and others within the boundary of Panaliar village.
Shillong, Nailar 26: Police have arrested two boys on suspicion of rape.
They also demanded that if there are vacancies in the posts, the government departments should first consider the Muster Roll under the scheme.
Has the State Government and the district authorities sent police and CRPF to search and arrest the KSU members, as if they were searching for the most dangerous terrorists in the world and when such an incident happened? Why can't the government and district authorities send police personnel to search and arrest the KPLT militants who used to extort money and to protect them from being attacked by them? Assam Police, the KSU has questioned. This shows that the working methods of the DC and SP of Ri Bhoi District are biased and unclean and perhaps there may be many things from behind, so when it comes to The party also warns the SP and DC to fulfill their duties properly, not to interfere in the work of the party. The DC and the SP have been appointed, said Vincent Makri.
Meghalaya's Sejal Raut, guest professional, 44 runs and Vaincy Chaudhary, 24 runs.
When asked about the location recognized by the Government to relocate the Harijans from Them Metor, Prestone said the Government has not yet taken a decision.
Speaking to reporters in Ri Bhoi, Bah Cleophast Thre Nongrum, said that as an elderly man, he will not hesitate to come forward to address the issues of teachers and the state of the education department. education and all this happened because the 60 MLAs in the Legislative Assembly of the State have a vision on how to improve education, which is one of the 'factories' to shape the state. hi all.
Speech was delivered by Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, as the leader of FKJGP, who expressed his satisfaction to see that the leaders of Umiam Circle, have been able to hold the tournament. The tournament, which is also part of the efforts to promote football, not only in the village but in the area as a whole.
There are friends who tell me that these people are the most prominent and powerful in these areas and they also have connections with some of the richest traders from Jaintia Hills. The Economic Blockage has affected the Khasi Pnars and they have no reason not to pay the debt of lakhs of rupees.
She said that after 10 or 10 days when they went back to the farm, the synsar roots were destroyed again and they were gone and it is not known where they went.
In the second match between Mawsiang FC Nongkhroh and Nangbah Khloopano, Mawsiang FC won 7-0 goals. Desiderius Pyrtuh scored the goals in the 1st minute. 14 and 52, Ri-o Myrboh in the 18th, 41st and 46th minutes, Pyndapbiang Myrboh in the 28th minute and Sonowel Kharsati in the 68th minute.
' This is true of all organizations.
In the morning, the Sordar of the village, (L) Hormu Syiemlieh, called to leave.
I don't have any issues with the Lama. I don't know why.
In this programme, the students of Shillong, both male and female, prepared their own performances such as songs, dances, drama, fashion shows, quiz and others.
Shillong: Two players of Shillong Lajong FC, Samuel Lyngdoh Kynshi and Samuel Lalmuanpuia, have been selected for the AFC U-23 Championship qualifiers.
Shima Modak has raised awareness among the villagers on the important role and responsibility to eradicate the exploitation of children which continues to this day.
At present, only 20 male and 20 female students are accommodated in these hostels.
They said that they will meet the Minister in charge of Education and put in a letter to ask for clarification on what they demand. added Babu Biangbor.
children are an inheritance from the LORD.Psalm 127:3
They informed that here in the State, the test has been conducted free of charge, medicines have been distributed and musari has been distributed to the patients in accordance with the National Vector Borne Program of the Government of India.
Willingly Kurbah (32') and Hamewan Rngad (84') scored the second goal for Chilliangraij.
All the parties have banned their candidates from joining their party without allowing anyone to participate, unless the candidates themselves win the election so that they can express themselves as they understand. to benefit and take advantage as much as possible.
“He will visit Jowai, Nongstoin, Mawkyrwat, Tura and all over the state,” he said.
This mismanagement of UCIL and the Government of India has caused panic, confusion among the people of the area, puts the people in danger and is a violation of independent decision-making. that the people of the area.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Umroi-Umiam Area, today met with the MeECL authorities in Umiam to express their concerns. He met with the residents of 24 villages in the Umroi-Umiam area of ​​Ri Bhoi.
Shillong, Nailar 9: The Karnataka government has said it is ready to allocate land to Meghalaya for the construction of a house in the state in Bangalore.
This was confirmed by Bah Aiban Syiemlieh President of the Union of Rangbah Shnong Kynshi Area who is also the Sordar of Kynshi Bangla. He said that the PWD department has made a mistake in the survey of the road.
High-sodium foods include canned foods such as pizza and packaged juices.
Unlike the MDA Government, they have met only a few supporters and signed immediately.
Shillong: The residents of Riwar Mihngi (Pynursla) who park commercial vehicles such as trucks, buses, taxis and private vehicles have expressed their anger against the Petrol Pump, Pynursla which has been open for too long. .
Members of the North Goa Zilla Panchayat held a short meeting at the Conference Hall of KHADC to understand the rule of law between the two groups.
Shillong, Lber 7: It takes up to 2 hours to drive from 7mer, Upper Shillong to Iewmawlong and this happened today where there was a heavy traffic jam in the Upper Shillong area.
Dr Mawthoh also spoke on the need for unity and cooperation of all non-Congress political parties to bring victory in the upcoming elections.
At the same time, she also congratulated the SWKHDSA for organizing such a competition as part of the development of skilled swimmers.
“Wait and you'll know,” he said again. “O to.
This distribution of food items by the KSU is part of the KSU's efforts to help the residents of Khliehriat East who have been affected by the lockdown after they did not have the opportunity to go to work to supply food items to their homes. The meeting was attended by SS Niangti, Cherity D Suja, Michael Sariang, Satly S Ryngkhlem and other members and leaders of KSU Khliehriat.
The order ban ban the appointment of temporary employees has been in place since 1993 but the Personnel Department has kept it secret and has not informed the authorities of the department and without their knowledge they have appointed temporary employees. The employees and now the problem they are facing is what to do when the order comes to dismiss them.
Speaking on education, he said that the money that should be spent more in this age is on investment. but it is education, when parents spend money to educate their children it is like buying a precious stone that will shine in the family, the community, the country and the nation as a whole. "Prestone said.
One of those shot dead was Ashli ​​Babbit of San Diego, who was shot in the neck in a clash with Congress guards and died in hospital.
Finally, the CEM has started to take action on this issue and today he has distributed a letter to all the EMs and MDCs of KHADC that there will be a meeting of the three District Councils or their three CEMs. The meeting was scheduled for 11 pm at the Conference Room of KHADC. However, before this, Bah Pynshngaiñ while talking to reporters said that He has called a meeting of all the party leaders in KHADC (PP Leaders) on the 27th of this month to discuss the issue and at that meeting they will take a decision on how to talk to each other at the meeting. long on the 3rd of June.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Kut together with the Seng Longkmie Kut together with the HYC Mawryngkneng Circle have congratulated and praised the police of Mawryngkneng Police Station for their hard work in arresting the suspect. Mebanshemphang Mawthoh, who is a 14-year-old girl, has robbed a 14-year-old girl at her house in Kut village. occurred on 17 November 2020.
“The training in digital skills for the youth of the North East will help them to find employment and self-employment through digital skills which is the belief of the Government of Narendra Modi.
The Principle/Ideology of the HYC is to conserve the culture and traditions of the Hynniewtrep people, not to change them completely to take away from the men.
It also poses a threat to the health of the people by selling food in an unclean manner.
The ceremony, which includes the celebration, the playing of the ksing ka dhah, the playing of the Tangmuri, the tieing of the shaw-shaw which are the main part of the ceremony, are also held. They have the opportunity to listen to their own race that the sun gives and the time has come to take part in this ceremony.
The Sports Department has decided to take action against the sportsmen and children and their parents. The stadium is ready to be rebuilt with the office buildings of the state government.
Likewise, the good and bad animals, even the Hynniewtrep Pansngait and the Hynniewtrep Hima, live in the cave.
On the other hand, Bah S.Pasweth, General Manager, EJHD, Khliehriat in his speech said that the exhibition is part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the in the state of Meghalaya.
Thank you to Msgr.
In the hot Dkhar country, they use the same tech AC tit farm, and the methods of song are clean and efficient.
These food items were distributed in order to comply with the government's guidelines especially the distance of 10 meters from each other and Social Distancing.
Because it is not only now, but it has happened since the creation of Meghalaya, it is necessary to arrange for the people living on the border to live in peace.
When it comes to dancing competition online.
The KSU and MPBC have congratulated all three of them to reap the fruits of victory in this tournament which will be held on the 24th of November.
On this occasion, various office bearers were also confirmed, including President, Tamius Surong, Vice President, Provist Surong Secretary and 30 Executive Members.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pynshngain expressed his gratitude to the NDA government for allocating up to T.1000 crore as a special assistance grant to the 10 Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) for this purpose. Eastern India for the year 2015-2
Speaking to this reporter, the residents from all over the country who came to collect fish seeds from the farm said that the fish seeds they received these days are not from the scheme, but They came to buy and the price of buying was five hundred pieces of silver.
“We have decided that we will be able to open this year,” said the CEM.
On the occasion, Sampath Kumar, Secretary, Agriculture, YK Rao, Officer in Charge, NABARD. In Nongpoh, he said that in the sudden fire which broke out last night, 98 shops selling various goods were destroyed and turned into fire.
Don't let the phrase, “Happy are the poor” distract you because those who teach will change.
Advocate Rahul Pawa, Expert Resource Person through a PowerPoint Presentation also gave a lot of information and explanations on how to implement the road related activities even in the face of many challenges. The district has been facing the lack of network, traffic problems, and other obstacles in many activities to combat child trafficking. If you receive information about such incidents, you should immediately report such incidents within 10 hours so that the necessary action can be taken. They should not delay but immediately inform the police so that the police can take action and file a complaint.
“What is more shocking, these Police Outposts, which are supposed to maintain peace and order, every day demand money from the truck drivers,” said the petition signed by the MJAC Chairman Bah Biangshwa Shylla. Finance Secretary Balen Thubru and General Secretary Enrico D.Passi.
Formalin is a chemical used in morgues to prevent decay and is also used only in laboratories.
Therefore, everyone needs to repent and accept Jesus Christ as the impartial Savior of the world.
He said that GNLA members in the area are involved in extortion, robbery and crime.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced that the curfew will continue after 17th June 2020, but has made it clear that the new curfew will be different from the previous three. not finished.
Thus, with the unity, understanding and trust of each other, with a clear goal and hard work, these Seng Longkmie (WSHG) have stood firm in their activities to improve their livelihoods. many aspects in society, in morality, especially in the workplace and income of the families, villages and Block Laskein as a whole.
“Now this matter is with the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government, we have to wait for their approval,” said the Chief Minister in reply to the zero hour notice issued by Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem. in the Synrai Dorbar today.
On the other hand, the Chairperson of the Meghalaya Lokayukta, PK Musahary, said that the Lokayukta through an ejahar has received information that some officers from many departments of the state government have taken money from trucks carrying goods to Bangladesh without payment. Use the slip or money receipt at the door.
It is true that in the MDA 1.0 government we see a lot of misunderstandings and misunderstandings among the members of the government.
Taiwan officials also announced that Taiwan and the United States will continue to work together to strengthen security inside Taiwan and also to bring peace and stability in the country. country is threatened by China's invasion.
At the same time, he warned that those who violate this will be punished according to the law.
He said that this negligence of the NHAI and the government to repair this road has put many people in trouble in coming and going.
“Today, we will hold a meeting to discuss the proposals we have received from the Government and soon we will hold a meeting to take a decision and after that we will inform them and they will also give us. Please inform us," said Bah Sadon.
Jowai, Nailar 03: The Jowai Students' Movement (JSM) Central Body has sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya through the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District to demand security for the Pnars living in the area. stay inside Block-1
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Saturday visited Dura Kalakgre village in West Garo Hills and discussed the development works in the village and surrounding villages.
Shillong, July 29: The Bangladesh government has wanted to return the memorials of the warriors who died and were buried in Meghalaya.
Speaking to media, Dr Mukul Sangma said the resolution sent to the Assembly Secretariat in accordance with the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business and Article 179 of the Constitution. India withdrew because he said the Congress no longer felt the need to bring the resolution, after seeing that many issues had been brought to the House for discussion.
This was announced at Technophilia 2023, an exhibition for students in the fields of creativity, culture and science and technology on the 1st of November.
He said that there are many issues but the party has said that it will hold on to the principle it has created which is to speak without restrictions and within the boundaries of the Constitution of India.
He said that this has led to other groups to start demanding their share and thus this has exacerbated the issue.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, James K Sangma, who will raise the no confidence motion, said the reason for the no confidence motion is because the government has failed in all aspects especially to protect the people. to violence against women.
Amitabh Kant is the CEO of NITI Aayog and Richa Rashmi is a young woman working at NITI Aayog.
The meeting was led by Paul Thyrniang, President and HM Ramsiej, General Secretary.
No more pastors visit Christian homes and village churches whether they are alive or dead.
The union has demanded from the government to increase the fee from T.9200/- to T.30,000/- for LP Schools and from T.9500/- to T.35000/- for UP Schools.
They have sent a letter to the DC and SP of Goalpara District on the 5th demanding that Choudhory and the police involved in the tied, bomb and hanging should be punished. strict legal regulations.
The North East Food Show will be held at NEHU Shillong.
Speaking to reporters at Windermere Resort, Shillong, Meghalaya Trinamool Congress President Charles Pyngrope in the presence of AITC Rajya Sabha Leader Derek O Brien condemned the coalition government. MDA for many irregularities such as the distribution of foodgrains, the installation of smart-meters, the purchase of police vehicles and the collapse of the dome of the new Legislative Assembly.
When their leader Dr Mulul Sangma resigned, Conrad also resigned because during the eight years (2011-2018) of Mukul Sangma's rule, the state has moved forward and backward.
On this occasion, Aiborlang Khongjee changed the way he played for the first team, allowing other players who have been involved in the previous games, such as Denzil Warjri, Balamlynti Khongjee, Oresterwell Langshiang. and to the Great Jana.
Noting that the Reservation Policy has been in force since 1972, the Minister said that in the past 50 years, what has happened in the recruitment has been done according to the the reservation policy and its terms and conditions.
Shillong, March 24 : U MLA of the 17th Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has paid tribute to Samla Donbor Rumnong at his residence in Mawlai Nongmali.
Shillong, July 20: The Credit Camp for Enrollment in Social Security Schemes, Aadhar and e-Shram for SHGs of NRLM and Producer Groups (PGs) has been held. on the 17th of this month at St. Claret Hall, Mawpat.
The ancient stories and their signs have been counted.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 140 people are still suffering from the disease.
These 5 people talked to each other how and which of the 5 can provide exactly 230 volts to 'A' and at a low price and especially to avoid burning coal (We in Meghalaya are fortunate that it is the water source of Umtrew, Umiam and Leshka).
Therefore, the birth of foreign children who are not Khasi is the main reason why the Khasi people will disappear in the future.
He said that other states in India have already developed a way to benefit from Sohphan, but Meghalaya has not yet done anything.
These soldiers who died in the battle did not die but will remain martyrs in the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
The Waheh Shnong of Khanduli, Bah Yooshida Nongspung, said that from the area of ​​Artiang Sanphaw, Langkyrja, Khiehmulong, Mynkoiram, Rymphum and Lyngkreng, there has never been any quarrel but there has been only love for each other.
It is truly surprising that this old road, which has been built since ancient times, has not been repaired yet because it has been flooded.
Speaking at the meeting, Sangma urged the State, District and Sub-Division officers to work together to ensure the proper implementation of programs and schemes.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today walked 15 kilometers from Kareli to Gajera along with 80 other walkers in Vadodara district of Gujarat.
This confirmation came hours after photographs of N Biren Singh's resignation letter, which was torn, were circulated.
The policy also mentions 37 sports in the State and that the Government will take action to promote them according to these rules; one, it should be a major sport in India, second, it should be a famous sport in the State, third, it should be a sport that the athletes can and have hope of winning medals and other rules.
“It is a serious threat to the livelihood of the people,” said K Therie, President of the Nagaland Congress, today.
Shillong: The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast heavy rainfall in some parts of the state today.
In front of the farmers, don’t say that you had God to save you because if the farmers don’t send you the produce, there is no place for you in this world.
Accept this as God's time.
He said that Rakkam's statement is a bad idea while the party is still fighting.
Speaking on Sngap Sing Syiem, Bah Renikton said that as a human being he has many shortcomings because in human life there is no one who is perfect but as viewers we should look and see the good and not the bad. It is in this that the nation sees and witnesses his courage as a king and that we remember on this day that he is the king who stood for the kingdom. , country and nation and to fight against foreigners.
Shillong, March 21: The Synod College will celebrate its 50th Golden Jubilee on 20th November 2015 at Student Square, Jaiaw, Shillong.
The order was issued by the District Magistrate as part of the prevention of misuse and misunderstanding of the Amusement Act.
The Social Welfare Department has decided to appoint 14 new posts to ensure the smooth running of the child helpline service in the state.
The launch of the new National Assessment Centre, PARAKH (Performance Assessment, Review, and Analysis of Knowledge for Holistic Development);ix.
Dr Kalwing also urged the people who have TB not to panic but to come forward when they have symptoms as the risk of TB can affect their health. If a person does not seek treatment at the right time and inform the public about the symptoms of TB including fever and bleeding for more than 2 months, fever, kilograms and syep in the evening and others that they should not count sting but to go to their nearest health centers for check-up without spending any money.
Many have expressed their feelings that the show will never be as great if Katy is still there and at the same time the hosts of the show, if they want the show to attract viewers they need to remove Katy from the judge's bench altogether.
According to the villagers of the area, many of the rice fields have been flooded and this has caused a great loss to the farmers. it's artad to you for ot kba.
He encouraged the players to work hard and to be focused on the game to win in the game.
Among them, nine CRPF personnel were injured and six were killed.
On the Congress' demand that the demarcation of the border should be according to the facts of the events since the time of the Khasi Hima, Conrad K Sangma said that regarding the demarcation of the border. There are many aspects of the border that the government will need to consider and one of these will be on the truth of history, along with the consideration of the wishes of the residents living in these areas and and after considering all these, no decision can be taken.
They also expressed their deep sorrow over the government's rejection of the demand to upgrade the Administrative Unit Patharkhmah to a Civil Sub Division.
This is the battle of the country and for the future of the youth.
The scrutiny of the nomination papers of the candidates will be held on Friday, October 28,
However, those who know say that once Bah Rymbui has been appointed, the price of each truck has increased.
He said the government's intention is to ensure that the implementation will protect the environment due to the impact of coal mining.
The club have given Mbappe until 31st November 2023 to make a final decision.
Police have recovered two pistols and bullets, a mobile phone, three SIM cards and many documents and medicines from the scene.
After opening the box, it was found that it contained 70 soap boxes containing powder and after testing it was confirmed to be heroin.
About 35 out of 53 NCP MLAs attended a meeting chaired by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Maharashtra Ajit Pawar in Mumbai today, sources said. from the organization.
The Thane Municipal Commissioner has suspended nine students of Rajiv Gandhi Medical College from continuing their studies over the violence and torture of the new students in the hostel. send it to the heavens.
The arrest of many drug traffickers in the state in recent days and the seizure of many drugs has been a source of great shock, sadness and encouragement to the parents and the public. everything.
He said that if this renewal of constituencies is implemented in another election and not now in the MDC election, it will lead to a biased scheme.
The MLA was speaking at a meeting convened by the NPP-Amlarem Block to introduce Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh as the NPP candidate for the Lok Sabha MP election from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
According to the report, the Dawki kwai is better in taste than the kwai from other places.
Many of them said that if this company is still a member to provide services, it should not be used anymore because it is useless to have only a SIM card while the network is not working at all. use the Airtel network.
On the part of the Principal of Don Bosco Technical School, Shillong, Fr ​​Arcadius Puweiñ, he congratulated the school which has been serving for 100 years in various fields to train the youth.
These trainings help to improve the education they receive from schools and colleges, to prepare them before they start looking for jobs and start working in any field of their choice. .
“He has ordered the government ministers and officers to do whatever he wants.
According to Rajen Singh Bey, “Hachakekan” is a dance after the harvest.
The screening time at Bijou is 11 AM, 1PM, 3PM, 5PM and 7PM. It is worth mentioning that 9-Lad is one of the most anticipated Khasi films. especially those who have not been able to see it because last year it was shown for only a few days due to the outbreak of Corona virus.
Also present were War East MDC Gillroy Tariang, supporters of Lahkmen Rymbui, MLA and Minister of State who decided to support Stephan Mukhim.
Amlarem, Naiwieng 07: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has ordered the preparation of the draft photo electoral roll of the 7-Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency. Assembly Constituency in the Sub-Division on 01-01-2
On the 9th, there was a Devotion led by Rev. VTS Langstieh and a public service by Rev. SL Mawblei.
These include the opening of eight new medical colleges in Asifabad, Bhupalpally, Vikarabad, Sircilla, Jangaon, Kamareddy, Karimnagar and Khammam,” said Harish Rao, who is also the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
About three ISIS militants from Bangladesh have entered India through the Meghalaya border from South Garo Hills to carry out terrorist activities in the country.
Those who scored 80% and above received a cash prize of T.4500 tyngka while those who scored 70% and above received a cash prize of T.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23 : The victory of the North East Olympic Games 2022 (NEOG-22) which is the second edition of the Olympic Games has been held in Shillong. and the encouragement of the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma.
Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that as a leader who saw the plight of the people, initially he struggled to implement development schemes related to roads, as well as water supply schemes. He said that these three schools are the most important for the people in the area.
Shillong: U Piwell Shylla from Moolang village, East Jaintia Hills District, who is one of the candidates for MDC-2019 from 22-Musniang Rangad constituency, today joined the Congress party at the office of the Musniang Rangad MDC constituency. of the party Congress Bhavan, Shillong.
In this regard, Vincent Pala has taken action and immediately sent a letter to the Minister in charge of Tribal Affairs, Juel Oram for clarification. and u.
He replied, “I don't want to stay at home alone anymore. I want to come and stay with you.
Expressing his concern over the government's failure to implement law and order policy, Ardent said, “The government's failure to implement law and order policy “It is like inviting the youth to take up arms and this is a serious threat to the state as a whole”.
There is no clear law in the Constitution of the Presbyterian Church that these pastors do not know what to do.
In response, Bah George urged the Prime Minister to refrain from using the phrase 'members ki thok' and said that according to the rules, no such accusation can be made against members of the apartment.
It will also be the first time that the world number one and second place players will meet each other in the final of the WTA Serena Williams, the first seed, beat second seed Li Na to win the 2014 Miami Open trophy.
“What God requireth of you, to do justice, and to walk humbly with your God” Micah 6:6-1
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Government is ready to sell at auction all the damaged and repairable buses and maxi buses.
God spoke through Jeremiah – “And all this land shall be a desolation and an astonishment; and these nations (Jews) shall serve the king of Babylon 70 years.
However, if you think you will lose, you will have the spirit of fighting hard until you win,” Conrad urged the party workers.
It is worth mentioning that these two Bills are those which the 13 Sengbhalang want the government to implement so that there will be no restrictions on foreigners or mynder who enter the state illegally.
To help you understand the meaning of the word "Lookdown," don't worry about me, I'll give you an example.
Bah Macdonald Lyngdoh, the owner and operator of the underground mine, admitted that there is no such impact on the water supply as alleged by the residents.
“As Kyrseishna Durim, I didn't wait for the time to come and I didn't prepare for anything at all; but it is a strong spirit that has given its life to contribute to the society of mankind,” said Bah Raphael Warjri.
On the other hand, there were also speeches by other elders on the implementation of Clause 9 of the Prevention of Disqualification Act,
Conrad said the State Government has set rules for four persons to start mining according to science.
Although the Congress, the All India Trinamool Congress and the Voice of the People Party which are currently in the Opposition would like to be in the Government if given the opportunity, the problem is that the Congress which is working with the TMC Delhi will refuse to cooperate with the NPP-led MDA Government with the strong support of the BJP in Delhi.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that they have held a meeting with the principals of more than 30-40 secondary and higher secondary schools to discuss the issue.
The village has a clean environment, crops such as sohñiamtra, traditional music and songs and along with its customs and way of life.
A copy of the complaint was also sent to the Deputy Commissioner of Police (EJH) and the Superintendent of Police (EJH). , to obtain a Pensioner Life Certificate, they can send this certificate to the BDO or any Gazetted Officer residing in their village.
Blesstar Nongbet, who won the Meghalaya Got Talent Season 3 and Sunmisha Nongbet, who recently won the Season 6 of Meghalaya Got Talent, also performed.
Danosha Khongsit has collected money from 130 households, but she was arrested on 23rd November 2019 for failing to deliver the money for 2 months in June and July after you have filed a complaint.
Retd IAS President W.Khyllep Retd IAS, President of Lady Keane College and Dr. Khlur Mukhim, Principal, while talking to media on Thursday evening at the office of Lady Keane College. They said that from this year onwards, the college will also accept male students studying Science and Professional Courses like Tourism, Computer Science, Fashion Designing and Traditional Music.
Following this, the KSU yesterday met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Bah FM Dopth to inquire about the progress of the work related to the construction of the Khyrdop at this place.
On this occasion, 230 policemen of the 41st batch completed the NEPA training. Of these, 71 are Deputy Superintendents of Police (Dy SP), 159 Sub Inspectors – 47 from Meghalaya, of Arunachal Pradesh, 11 from Mizoram and 167 from Manipur.
The HITO said that the price of illegal coal transportation is T.96,000 per truck, which has been paid to the officials at the Secretariat and other junior employees.
To accomplish transgressions, to forgive sins, to make atonement for unrighteousness, to bring forth eternal righteousness, and to confirm revelation and prophecy, and to sanctify the holy one. there it is.
At the same time, the NPP has only 28 MLAs and if it wins from Sohiong, it could increase to
There are tens of thousands of government jobs in India reserved for tribals but because of the lack of knowledge of Hindi, Tamil, Bengali, Assamese, etc it is a problem for our people to go to work. outside the State.
But what are these ? Why do they happen? Doesn't God know and see?
Investment in ongoing development schemes:- Rs.6, 89,49,000 and Investment in development schemes to be implemented:- Rs.6,08,45,000/- Total allocation in development schemes Rs.12, 97, 94,000/- for those under implementation and those to be implemented.
The immovable property is worth T.12,50,400 while the wealth of his wife is worth T.50,40,0
The athletes who represented Meghalaya won 19 medals including one gold medal.
Once they explained, it was clear and without any doubt,” said Gavin.
A division bench of the High Court headed by Chief Justice Uma Nath Singh on Tuesday issued the order on 15th November.
It is rooted in inclusive development, and aims to ensure that the benefits of government schemes reach all parts of the country.
Sanvert B.Kurkalang said it is a great honor to represent the State in various cricket tournaments and this comes after he announced his retirement.
Priyanka Chopra, in an interview with Vogue, said she is still angry that Nick Jonas didn't leave her when they first met.
We are proud of the skills of the Police Department.
In another match, RLS SCO beat Aeronation 56-52 points.
The Seng is angry in this regard and urges the Government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to take immediate action on this issue to provide for the needs of this health center and to investigate thoroughly. patients at this institution.
Shillong: The Village Authority of Umkiang East Jaintia Hills District, today, expressed their concern over the deterioration of the road in Umkiang which has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of this area. .
Rev. (Dr) John Roberts was a leading contributor to the writing of the Khasi language.
Regarding the rumors that he may fall from his post, the MDC of Mawhati said that he will have to see the changes that will take place. “If you are tied with 10 kilos, you will not be tied with a tyrnem,” said James when asked which side he will turn to. If there is a CEM election in KHADC, as has happened in these days.
Regarding the salaries of the employees, he said that the Government will try as much as possible to expedite the payment for the convenience of the employees.
In Jaintia Hills, the PWD has allocated 1,373.05 tyngka for temporary maintenance and 1,963.35 tyngka for permanent maintenance.
Shillong: Police have arrested Bah Joannes Lamare and three others from Mawlai.
The PIL was filed for up to 40,000 Tyngka.
Thomas Sangma is also the MLA of North Tura and the General Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP).
The arrested persons, including the driver and the follower, will be punished under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act (NDPS) Acts.
Tura, July 28 : A woman has been rescued from a deserted road in Rangmalgre village, East Garo Hills. District.
Other vehicles ML-05 F 6218,ML-05-C 0177, ML-05-E 0317,ML-05 K 8264, ML-05 J 6951, ML-05 J4992(Dumper), ML-05 G 8359 , ML05E 6216, ML-05 H 8624, ML-05 J 0704, ML-10A 0371, ML05 J5088(High), ML-05 F 0637, ML-05 G 4344.
Before the clean-up, a short meeting was held in front of the DC office, Jowai.
Expressing the concern among the youth, Dr Mukul said, “Why do they (MDA government) violate the rights of the youth who are waiting for the job they want? All those who have a desire must have hope, otherwise it is difficult.
There is also the possibility that when they come, they may even take their lives, but we don't want that to happen.
As you said once upon a time so do you.
There are those who drive taxis, autos and shyiap.
Recently, NASA’s Socioeconomic Data and Applications Center (SEDAC) implemented the GRDI, or Global Gridded Relative Deprivation Index; in which it takes into account the poverty or income of the people, within a distance of about 1 kilometer, and those who receive nod, show that they are worthy, while those who receive 100, are The census was not only conducted by humans, but also by satellite, since it showed the lighting in those areas. village, among others.
On the issue of the bill for the Hima Jyrngam, John F Kharshiing said that because of such Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Wahadars, Ministers, Basans, Dolloi, Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs, They have become the leaders of political parties, and for that reason he said that a Regional Council is needed for the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo chiefs.
It was observed that although the government has struggled as much as possible to create opportunities for the educated youth to allow them to work in their own jobs by allowing them to open shops such as In the complexes or government buildings, the sad thing is to see that these shops have been turned over by foreigners.
May God bless those who receive it.
Other crops such as biscuits, jhur and others have also been affected by the storm.
Speech was also delivered by the President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Pangniang, who said, “We all know that the HSPDP will be like this. West Khasi Hills District is the cremation ground of the lion, so let us think together how to revive this party, how to revive this party and that is the goal. He said that the party will turn 50 years old this year, so we should think carefully whether the party will be able to win the elections. MDC. Other speakers on the occasion included Bah Samlin Malngiang Minister, Bah Renikton MLA Mawkyrwat, Bah Manstudy Nongrem and other party leaders who urged all the members and office bearers of the party To unite and work hard to win, we have to honor the party especially in this MDC election to be held next year.
Speaking on the occasion of the Farmers' Day, Bah Bantei said that due to the outbreak of COVID-19, the government has not rested at all and will think again in these days. , today with HFUs and some officers.
However, according to research and the passage of time, these modern methods of treatment (allopathy & surgery) have been able to cure even the most serious diseases. The spirit of joy is the spirit of joy to work even in the places near the city.
He was a special leader for the Khasi people in which we can say that he was a true leader and legislator in KHADC who passed several Hima/Elaka laws as they appear now in KHADC.We cannot forget that she was the first Chief Executive Member in the history of KHADC to convene the Dorbar Hima Mylliem after 18 years on 7th November ka Dorbar Hima Mylliem) at the Polo Ground, which invited all the children of the thousand to come out in order and especially her speech on that day was memorable as part of the preservation and promotion of the the Riti Dustur of the nation.
Rangdajied United FC and All Stars FA have won the title as champions of the U-10 & U-12 ENE Cup held at Umtyrniut.
On the other hand, the family members of the youth after he did not return home, conducted a search operation, and on the morning of the first day, the family members of the youth found him. and his body was crucified in the wilderness.
On the other hand, Bah John, Working President of MSOA, said that the State Sports Associations (SSAs) are ready to hold this tournament for the first time in the districts. All teams should not overlook the shortcomings as the goal is to encourage sports in all districts and to have sports venues in the more remote districts.
To comply with the order issued by the Government of Meghalaya through letter No.DCA.33/2012/520 dt.19.09.2023 and to cancel the order of this office issued earlier through this letter No.NDG.3 13/2022/3 12, dt.19.09,2023, with the aim of protecting the peace and order of the public, it is necessary to issue another order containing the relevant provisions and the permission to hold Dohkha Competitions under the jurisdiction of the District Administration of West Khasi Hills District.
The union also congratulates the government officials from the Director (Distribution), the Executive Engineer Jowai, the Assistant Engineer Amlarem of MePDCL, the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills and also the Local MLA of the area. Lahkmen Rymbui who have struggled to get a new transformer in Syndai village despite the difficulties faced by MeECL from time to time.
It is the share of employment, employment in various government jobs but education (which has been heard that it does not fall under this Reservation Policy) for the 3 (three) ethnic groups. Meghalaya – Khasi, Garo and Jaintia as well as other minorities.
(When money speaks,the truth case is silent).
“We should not allow the Enforcement Police to sit in their offices, but they should ensure that they go to the market places to search for illegal trade,” he added.
At home, they beat Aizawl and Minerva Punjab but lost.
Sharing information on the construction of the campus, Conrad said, “Besides the minor works such as the well which has already been allocated funds and is expected to start implementation soon, we have also allocated funds to connect the road from the main road to the campus and this building here too we expect to start construction soon.
“So far, 21 people have died and 69 others have been infected with Japanese Encephalitis (JE) in Assam from June to July,” said Additional Secretary (Health) Sanjiv Kumar.
To raise awareness on the benefits of drinking milk among the school children, the office has also conducted a quiz, essay and drawing competition on the benefits of milk.
The meeting was concluded by congratulating Rosemi Sari for the success of the school and cutting the ribbon by the chief guest.
He said that the Congress has not supported the government or has joined the government led by the National People's Party (NPP).
Union Minister Ramdas Athawale and Chief Minister Conrad Ka Sangma will deliver speeches at the meeting.
The main crops are rice, sugarcane and shynrai.
NEW DELHI: NDA candidate Jagdeep Dhankhar won the Vice Presidential election of India by 346 votes, defeating Margaret Alva.
Mylliem said he does not deny the fact that all political parties are trying to attract candidates who have the hope of winning from other political parties.
Not only that, in the past few days, farmers have gathered at OP Jindal School in Hisar, which is the place where Prime Minister Khattar has visited. the violence between the police and the farmers.
Regarding the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act Amendment Bill 2020, Dr Mukul Sangma said that the government does not want to implement the bill; Prestone said that according to the Principal Act of the MRSSA, it has already been implemented, but the MRSSA, which has been amended and accepted in the House, has been sent to the former Governor. .
Jowai, 25 lyngkot:The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills Hills District today demolished the MPUF. at MTC stand Iawmusiang Jowai, built by the MPUF to hold a strike by MPUF leaders and members, on the demand for the resignation of the DC of WJH, Arun Kr Kembhavi. It has been decided to relocate from this District.
Alone you stand like a tree, You hold on to a firm foundation;
So far, the total number of cases in the state has reached 94,3
In the early years, there were prominent figures of Khasi literature such as Prof Radhon Sing Lyngdoh who became the first Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Prof HW Sten, Prof IM Simon. , Prof Bajubon Kharlukhi who was a Member of Parliament of India, Prof Beavan L Swer (who is not a member of Parliament) and later many others like Bah R Tokin Rymbai, Prof. Barister Pakem, Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. Hamlet B Ngapkynta, Dr Helen Giri and others. and political science such as Prof George Gilbert Swell, Prof Peter G Marbaniang, Prof Martin Narayan Majaw and many other political leaders; but it was not done and the work has been suspended to this day.
The union also expressed its deep sorrow over what has happened in Umwali and Langpih areas.
The Target Olympic Podium Scheme (TOPS) of the Cabinet has approved and accepted the applications of two of the country's leading athletes, Bajrang Punia and Vinesh Phogat for the Olympic Podium Scheme. training and training visits to Kyrgyzstan and Poland.
He said that as one of the people who donate blood from time to time, blood donation not only helps to save the lives of people who need blood urgently, but also helps to get a healthy body. strong, and prove that you don't have any risk when you go to donate blood.
Earlier, the teachers had decided to hold a march on the 24th by inviting all those who care about the teachers including the parents of the students.
Then the Lord will say, “For I will be merciful to their unrighteousness, and their sins and their iniquities will I remember no more” (Jeremiah 31:34).
Zenith said the GST will benefit Meghalaya to get 18 per cent of the revenue neutral rate which will reduce the tax burden.
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has spoken about Silicon Valley's plan to develop new technology that will understand the human brain, Zuckerberg said in an interview with a Harvard professor. , Jonathan Zittrain.
He says, “Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm” (Psalm 105:10-5).
When investigated by the Anti Narcotic Task Force, they recovered five tins of the same drug suspected to be heroin.
In 2001, during the tenure of (L) EK Mawlong as Chief Minister of Meghalaya and Prafulla Kumar Mahanta as Chief Minister of Assam, there was an attempt to resolve this issue. However, both these leaders lost the next election.
The petition also stated that according to Rule 11 of the Council, Service Rule 1981, the appointment shall be through public advertisement as well as the competitive examination and personal interview. The appointment of Grade-IV employees, but according to the findings of the three parties, the former EC has violated this rule of the Council.
He urged the village leaders of Chilliangraij to preserve the traditional village governance and village management to preserve the customs and traditions from generation to generation.
Vocational education will start in schools from class 6 and this will include internships.
CIPS is located at the Administrative Staff College of India (ACCI), Hyderabad.
Such things happen within the Department where those who call themselves Leaders, work only for the purpose of making money and for personal gain, without considering whether it is for the good of the Department. electricity in the State or for the benefit of the residents, where will MeECL reach? Or what will happen to the State as a whole if MeECL continues to face challenges like this? Now instead of thinking how to bring about changes to improve the electricity sector, they are spending time on started protests.
Shillong Lajong FC will play against Nongthymmai SC at 3 pm today.
“This is just an insult to the Rangbah Shnongs who have stood against this farm since the first days of the plan to build this farm,” said the leaders.
Before the filing of nomination papers, the General Council of these two blocks was held at Saitsohpen, Sohra. The meeting was attended by Congress leaders including James Lyngdoh, Working President. President Kennedy C Khyriem and MDC Grace Mary Kharpuri were also present.
The Sports Cell of the KSU has expressed its gratitude and pride to the election of Bah Donald S. Wahlang as the Vice President of the Basketball Federation of India.
I look forward to working closely with Bhaskar to achieve our goals.
“Our MLA, Bah Prestone Tynsong has never visited us even once,” said the residents of Hat Lyngkhat.
“Now we will go to the second curfew and it is also a time of struggle, a time of struggle and I advise my fellow countrymen to take good care of themselves,” he said.
If the current government transfers it to Assam, but after five years if the government changes, they can transfer it again.
In a statement, the KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) strongly condemns this act of violence and demands that the law enforcement agencies should not punish him. if something bad happens the police themselves have to take responsibility.
He said that instead of being taken to the CHC, he was sent to the conference hall of the school where the authorities informed him that his daughter had taken medicine. bih bad phasi iade.
The availability of these natural resources especially in these parts of our country is a great example for the residents in terms of income.
Thynanda Sana, one of the senior members of the MPUF, on this occasion, reminded that last month, the MPUF had the opportunity to donate to a The poor family in Kuliang (Umkiang) village doesn't know how to live.
Speaking after the meeting, Bah Sohliya said that during the meeting, both sides decided to work together to maintain peace and order in the border villages of Meghalaya and Assam.
The polling will be held on Tuesday in Ampati between Miani D Shira, Congress candidate and Clement G Momin, NPP candidate. Kharshiing, President of CSWO, together with Bah Napoleon Mawphniang, have lodged a complaint with the police against Simon Joseph, Principal of St George School, Nongmynsong, alleging that he assaulted a student and then that he treated a teacher with contempt.
Because of the rulers and the religious leaders of the Jews, many were scattered around. The wrath of God came upon those shepherds who ruled the land of Israel until the Israelites were completely destroyed. he went to Jerusalem.
The vendors selected by the Town Vending Committee shall arrange with the Market Committee to provide land and the District Urban Planner cum Secretary shall submit the names of the vendors to the Market Committee. .
We are still waiting for the decision of the Sengkmie, and we as members of the Jaintia Hills District Unit are ready to carry out the struggle from now on, if it is in any way,” said the statement. Ma Ohibat Dkhar, President of KSU. On the other hand, KSU Jaintia Hill has also encouraged the leaders who are in jail as well as their relatives, that as leaders if we have to go through the Despite many challenges, we are the youth who have sacrificed for the sake of the country and the nation.
Kharsyntiew (K1 Men – 57 Kg).
Experts say that the increase in the number of these puit this year is due to the fact that last year was a year of heavy rainfall and therefore, it was the year that produced the most number of puit.
To give red paint to beef shops, white paint to pork shops and to cover them with iit iong is an insult to us as indigenous people, and the government should immediately remove such rules. , said a statement by Bah Thomas Passah, Vice President, KHNAM Youth Wing.
On the incident at Pyrdiwah, the IG of BSF said that there was an incident where some of the robbers came to Borhill and burnt down a barracks.
“You have given your blood and sweat and so it is my responsibility to ensure that you benefit from the government,” Gandhi said.
The SNSBH, seeing the response of the State Government to the issue of the people, even after sending several letters to the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, has decided to convene a meeting with the Village Workers. of the Dorbar Shnongs in Khap Sor and other Dorbar Shnongs in Bri U Hynniewtrep who have been forcibly appointed by MUDA to discuss and take decisions on this issue.
In addition to the development works carried out by the Government across the State, more than T.2 crore per annum has been allocated to each Member of the Legislative Assembly for the implementation of development works in the villages within the State. of the constituency.
Those terrorists, dressed in saffron, will wait for their end in Delhi, Bombay, UP and Gujarat,” the letter said.
He also expressed his hope that these students will be able to enter the NIT in Sohra which will soon be operational in Sohra.
As the match continued into the final quarter, both teams improved their performance by showing some of their skills.
This music video is about a couple who have a strong love for each other, but suddenly a dark cloud comes into the life of a man and a woman turns away from her beloved. .
Similarly, Non NFSA rice has been distributed at the rate of 7.215 kilos per household at a price fixed by the Vigilance Committee which shall not exceed T.14/- in urban and rural areas.
In East Jaintia Hills District: Tongseng, Shnongrim and Lelad villages in Saipung Block have been hit by natural disasters.
He said that the program is also the responsibility of the President of the Seng, which has been given to him by the Kur.
Dr D Momin, M&HO, DMHO, Ri-Bhoi District, said that it is not the earthquake or the floods, but the malaria. If we look at the causes of death on this earth.
He said that within six months of the formation of the government on 2nd June, the TMC will ensure the delivery of T 1000 to all women through Direct Benefit Transfer which is T 12000 per annum. .
On the same day, the Maitshaphrang Award was also distributed to 10 students who passed well and a Certificate of Appreciation to the students who have studied and served in various fields in the city of Assam.
Nongpoh: UDP Umroi Circle President Mangkara Pathaw, President of the UDP Umroi Circle, today decided to resign from the UDP Umroi Circle. They also decided to dissolve the UDP Umroi Constituency.
He recalled that in 1998 he was with the UDP when he was deprived of his ticket, but due to the strong Congress at that time he supported the candidate nominated by the UDP. In that year, there was a mass protest and a flag raising ceremony in which the Congress was able to leave Lum Jaintia.
It is 6.84 kilometers long and 7.00 meters wide for 1150 meters.
Matthew 23:37-39.
They don't need to set a date, all they have to do is confirm from the personal secretary whether I am in the office,” said Dr Laloo.
On this occasion, Bah Pynshngaiñ laid the ribbon as a sign of the opening ceremony of the office of the Dorbar Shnong in the presence of the Assistant Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong, Bah Lanangshngaiñ Pamthied, members of the Executive Committee of the Shnong. women, youth and residents.
At first I heard the bombs and it was after they fled that I turned around to see if it was Elizar,” said Da-iing.
“We are pleased that the villagers like Khasi, Jaintia and Garo should not swear by their residence permit,” said SOMALA. by an Affidavit in Form A for the villagers.
The Kwator Village Authority has urged everyone to follow the government's guidelines from wearing masks and staying away from crowded places to prevent the spread of coronavirus.
When shall I, O son of man, make the nature good? If the time comes, it will be late, It will be like that By.
Nongstoiñ, July 30 : In Nongtrai area under Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, it was found that although the roads have reached almost all the villages and areas, but with the passing of the years they have deteriorated to the point where they are not good. shisha doesn't drive a car.
This era believes that natural resources should be destroyed and plundered, mineral resources should be destroyed, rivers should be destroyed, forests should be destroyed and mountains should be destroyed for the sake of development. crawl.
This award will be for the first time to recognize the achievements of youth and students and to encourage them to continue their hard work in education.
Members of the opposition, the Kuomintang (KMT), threw a pig inside the House and then threw the pig bones, pig hearts and other bodies into the House. members of the government in the dorbar.
The MLA said that the Khasi came into the world by law and that is “Khie kamai ia ka hok” but at the same time, he explained whether the right still exists or not. here now.
The Vatican Council declares that the Eucharist is the source of the Christian life.
While we are still fighting that foreigners should not have a position or a longkpa in the family of the Khasi people, suddenly we have learned that foreigners have received a position. Kñi to lurding the great teachings of the Khasi.
Shillong, July 01 : Ka Samla Airikmenlang Shabong, one of the female wrestlers who represented the State, has won three medals at the 45th National Arm Wrestling Championship. long in Jammu and Kashmir.
On the other hand, he strongly criticized the officer who came to collect illegally, saying that this action of the officer was a terrible corruption.
On the other hand, the cost of housing is increasing rapidly, the cost of cars is increasing like fire, the cost of books, school fees and medicines are increasing from time to time.
Another protest to be held by CoMSO will be held on 30th November 2020, which is the death anniversary of Kiang Nongbah.
To commemorate the death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiemlieh, the Syiem and the Dorbar of the Hima Nongkhlaw held a meeting at Tirot Monument Square, Mairang Mission. Conrad K Sangma, Chairman of the State Planning Board, Metbah, accompanied by CEM of KHADC Pyniaid Sing Syiem and laid flowers at the statue of Tirot Singh, was also present as the chief guest. Lyngdoh, Mairang MDC Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang, officers from various departments, Ministers of Nongkhlaw Hima, school children, teachers and others.
But others have built a name without a statue.
He also confirmed that the relationship between the Shiv Sena (UBT) and the NCP is good.
Officials from the education department, village leaders, elders, students, parents and teachers of the school were present on the occasion.
They said that the bus fare has remained the same while the car fare has risen from sky to earth.
The Act also prohibits the display of flags or banners on private property without the permission of the owners of the land. For the purpose of campaigning, authorization must be obtained from the office of the District Election Officer or the Returning Officer.
Shillong: There have been 603 new cases today, including 226 cases in East Khasi Hills, 74 cases in West Jaintia Hills and others.
In the book of Revelation 21:9-2
Shillong, June 24 : As part of the promotion of Grassroots in Ribhoi District, the PFR Football Academy has been launched. , will open its Center at Sumer Umbang Ri Bhoi District for boys and girls aged 4 years to 18 years.
On the other hand, the complainant, Bah Philip Khrawbok Shati, said that the government should provide a written report on the measures it has taken in the past six months to reduce the traffic jam. which is preparing to solve this problem in the future.
Prof. Gideon L. Kharkongor, explained about volunteerism.
“The VPP demands that the Reservation Policy should be reviewed as it is. We cannot discuss anything on this issue but we will accept the roster system first,” he said.
Customize:In the funeral service, the Khasi Christian buries the body of the deceased and is buried by the Pastor or the Priest.
Meanwhile, NESO Chairman Samuel Jyrwa said the government should implement the ILP and if it does not, the youth should be ready.
The Government must respond otherwise the announcement to the farmers of these missions is only a letter of thanks to the people.
They arrived at the Umngi River at about 1:00 pm and before it was time to go home, they decided to eat and before that, they went to wash their hands and feet in the river.
“Meghalaya has implemented a comprehensive health system for the residents of all income levels,” she said.
These authors also visited the places where these toilet waste have been converted into fertilizers and pesticides and biogas.
Jowai, July 3: As part of the celebration of the 153rd death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah, the freedom fighter of the Pnar people, the District Commerce and Industries Center (DCC) in West Jaintia Hills District has organized a The 31st Level Industrial Exhibition was held at Syntu Ksiar Square yesterday and ended on Tuesday.
Jowai, Naitung 10: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member of the Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC) The NOC has not been issued for the proposal to build a railway line through East Jaintia Hills.
However, Bah Moksha, who died on 25th November this year, was an MDC of the Council from 1967 to 1972 from the former Umsning constituency.
WCU offers courses in Developmental Management, Environmental Management, Sociology and Education as well as a PhD programme.
Resubelpara, Jymmang 22 : The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the NPP has become stronger in the last three years while other political parties have become weaker with the passing of the days. the trust of the people in the party.
The fund for the years – 2018-19 is T.2.0000000 crore, the expenditure is T.1,61,46,766 crore, 2019-20 is T.2,0000000 crore, the expenditure is T. ,6500, 2020-21 is 2,50,00000 crore fifty lakh, while the expenditure is T.2,2500000.2021-22 is T.2.50 crore fifty lakh.
The JSU would like to remind you that the recent attacks on Bangladeshis in the Indo-Bangla border areas show that this government has not taken action to arrest the perpetrators. to plunder and injure the people living on the border.
And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of man be lifted up;
Therefore, it should be blamed that it is because of Pandora that evils such as hatred of death and others have grown and spread.
Here in India, the animal used to ring the lyngkor is the cow.
The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) and MP Vincent H Pala on Tuesday confirmed and announced that Emlang Laloo is the Congress candidate for the 1-Nartiang MLA election the State.
He said that the backwardness and neglect of the state are the reasons why he entered politics.
Explaining on the statement of the President of FKJGP Sohkwai Undu Unit, Samla Banroy Wahlang, who said that the RBTEDF has not found any fish in the river, Bah Plielad Tiewsoh said that the RBTEDF has not been able to fish in the river. The union wants to fish in the river and has gone to talk to the officers of the Fishery Department, but the Fishery Office has suggested that the Umtrew River in Lailad should be The union has taken the initiative to find ways and means to get the Kha saw, so that it can be placed in the river.
Speaking on the issue of eviction of the Metor Khar from the Metor area, Mahinder Jit Singh said that they have been living in the area for more than 200 years so the government should not evict them. to them then.
Shillong, July 02 : The Union Minister of State for Information and Broadcasting and Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying, Dr. L Murugan on his visit to Meghalaya has visited the fish farms. in the state and talk to fishermen and beneficiaries of various government schemes under the Department of Fisheries.
The looting of the meatjem of the meiramew also seems to never end.
“It is not only you who know how to set fire, we also know how to set fire,” said Bah Robertjune. This is a matter of understanding and reconciliation but not by fire or slander.
Concerning the birth of Jesus Christ into this world, prophets such as Isaiah prophesied, “For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name shall be called, The Mighty, The Mighty, The Mighty, The Everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace" Isaiah 9:6
At the same time, Bah Renik hopes that the youth through the Mawkyrwat Youth's Development Association (MYDA) will continue to hold more such games with higher prizes. that the youth of Mawkyrwat area will continue to improve in sports.
Therefore, it is not harmful in some places and can gradually be changed according to the scientist.
The girl is a night student at the Father's School in Salini Colony and lives with her mother, Maya Joshi who lives in the quarter at KNG College, Jowai.
Ma Kennedy Shylla is a resident of Trangblang, Jowai. She is a resident of Khimusniang, Jowai.
In the midst of such events in the country and in the world we see that God is angry with the world because many have done evil in their deeds, and this reminds us of the times when Abraham pleaded for Sodom. before God burned it with fire, and this present plague is like a fire that spreads quickly throughout the countries of the world.
Although the police department has punished the violators by imposing fines and imprisonment, the people are still ignoring the warnings and prohibitions of the police department.
When the heart is right before God, God hears our prayers, even if they are words or two words in faith.
Joint Secretary:- Bah Ryngkat Lyndem, Bah Sunshine Makri, Bah Anvil Lyngdoh, Bah Tirot Sing Suchiang, Bah Michael War, Bah Markynsai Khongwir, Treasurer:- Bah Beyondstar Kurbah.
Besides other issues such as the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement, other issues that the Chief Executive Members have expressed are that there should be a committee whose members should be MDCs, along with members of the Federation of Khasi. State as it was in the EC when Bah Pynshngain N Syiem was CEM for the purpose of discussing the necessary issues within the District Council relating to the Hima/Elaka.
Shillong: The Village Leaders of Diengpasoh Pyllun, this afternoon, 3rd June, came to explain to the public on the criticism and slander against the Dorbar Shnong by the Leaders of HANM, from the The Shiliang Circle led by Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, the Sordar of Diengpasoh, has been elected.
At this meeting, the following office bearers were elected:-1
The area is located near the beautiful and clean Pynthor near the Office of Veterinary Barato.
Nongstoiñ: After receiving a complaint from the residents of Mawmarim village regarding the lack of drinking water, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawmarin Area Unit today, I went to meet with the Executive Engineer of PHE Nongstoiñ.
Speaking at the launch of the book, Babu Jiten said that the stories he has written in the books are the stories that have been around since childhood and not the stories told by his parents. when he was young, as a storyteller, he didn't tell a story.
Regarding the laying of the foundation stone by the Prime Minister and Symbud Prime Minister, it has pleased the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi as a whole, as the road will soon be implemented and will be completed as soon as possible. Therefore, if it can be completed soon, it will be of great benefit to these people, because for decades they have had to pass through this bad road.
Shillong, Nailur 18: U Pastor NS Phawa, Governor of the KJP Assembly, today said that the committee in charge of the Student Square has been appointed as the 'Student' The Student Field Management Committee (STMC) has refused to approve the request of the CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, to hold a public meeting at the ground. but to all civil society and political parties or any other groups.
To promote Behdieñkhlam so that it can attract more tourists to the festival.
Dr Jemino said that the departure of Bah Lapang from the party after decades shows that there was something serious within the party, which led him to take this decision. hard.
Nongstoiñ, July 17: Although the installation of speed breakers by the PWD at Jeidohkroh before reaching the busy part, has reduced the number of vehicle collisions in the area.
The Lum Sohpetbneng Committee urges the visitors not to throw food items or garbage and not to set fire to the road.
Shillong: The Seng Samla Malki will hold a prayer and march tomorrow at 11 am from Madan Malki. Prayer Congregation Amid Peace Rally.
Not only in Pynursla, but also in Mawkyrwat, under the umbrella of the Sur u People of South West Khasi Hills, the people of South West Khasi Hills have gathered to hold a march with slogans to condemn the MDA government and support Bah Ardent. .
The children all hail from remote villages, as was evident from the fact that one of the boys, who underwent the circumcision, told a nurse that he hailed from Jirang in Ri Bhoi District.
“But before that when I was studying for BA in Sankardev I used to travel with Maieid and helped him with many of his works, and after I completed my MA I used to go with Maieid. When he went to the election campaign, I used to go to his house immediately because I lived near him in Shillong,” said Bahduh of his friendship with Maieid.
All those parties are weak and unable to unite the people of Ri Khasi, and perhaps the VPP is still struggling.
The Spain international has decided to leave City and join Al-Nasr in the SPL. In a congratulatory message on social media, Laporte congratulated to the supporters of the club and fellow players.
You are right if you do and you are right if you don't.
It is to be recalled that on Friday, a Karbi mob damaged the vehicle of the SP of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Chemphang Syrti after a Karbi was injured when he was shot dead by the residents of Jaiñtia Hills District. Candle.
According to legend, the Sutnga Hima was a powerful and famous Hima before the invasion of the French, but it reached the point of completely abolishing the longsyiem mansyiem by the mynder.
Shillong, July 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today held a meeting with Home Secretary, Anil Goswami to discuss the issue of insurgency and stability in the state.
The Meghalaya TMC has repeatedly said that the alliance between the NPP and the BJP Congress has not been able to take advantage as the strongest opposition in the state.
Officials in Jasper County, Texas, said they rushed to the scene on Sunday at the house where about 250 people were going to take part in the fire. Nine people were found shot and stabbed but all of them did not survive the shooting. They were all taken to the hospital for further treatment.
He also urged all the MDCs and employees of KHADC to cooperate and give their opinions on how to do the best for the people.
Shillong: The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, today announced the works done by the state government to maintain peace and order and also to speed up the implementation of various development projects.
On the other hand, CM Jha's lawyer, SP Sharma, said that CM Jha will go to answer to the police who summoned him but he said that the police do not need to arrest him because he He has been granted bail by the Supreme Court.
The music video titled 'Kular' will be released on the 12th of October at 7.00 pm on the YouTube channel Luti Ksiar Production.
“This discussion has started and the government hopes to complete this issue as soon as possible,” said Chauhan. Governor Phagu Chauhan said that the issue of demarcation between the Meghalaya and Assam have made progress.
After the wreath laying ceremony, the meeting started with short speeches by Hindro Samakhau, KP Pangniang, Methodius Dkhar, Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait and Martle Mukhim MDC Mawkynrew. Vice President of the HSPDP.
It is for this reason that even on the river, people are no longer willing to build houses.
“Through the mercy of the MDA government, Ranikor will become a Civil Sub-Division,” said Danggo. Sub-Division has accepted but Danggo has been removed”.
The Office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of Eastern West Khasi Hills District announces to all households in the district that the ration has been distributed through the ration shops under the National Food Security Act, 2013 for the month. May 2023.
On this occasion, the Marrep, soh, jhur jyrngam and umsoh made from this area were performed with the participation of the elders. and the people of this region.
"Our next season will be the most difficult in the history of the Premier League," Arteta said.
Robertjune said the Sengbhalang wanted to have a talk on the ILP, but when Union Minister Amit Shah came to Shillong, they could not talk to him and they only submitted a petition and he was sent to Delhi.
If the company is allowed to mine coal, it will affect the environment, including wildlife, birds and animals, streams, drinking water will dry up and all the garbage will flow. to the Lunar River and the Lukha River, because this quarry joins the Lunar River.
“The contractors will receive their wages once the Third Party Inspection has certified that the work is complete,” he said. The contractor who has been supervised by the engineers is perfect.
The total number of cases has risen to 68,36,979 so far.
Furthermore, counting the travel expenses of those involved, who have traveled to Delhi, Shillong and Kolkata, it is estimated that the total cost will reach T.10 crore. The total cost of the release of coal has reached T.20klur.
They include goalkeepers Siwel Rymbai, Babysunday Marngar, Lukas Singhli, Baiaikara Swer, Dameki Khongstia, Chesterpaul Lyngdoh and Shaiborlang Kharpan.
Thus the way was opened for Babylon to enter Judah and seize power and the Babylonians became the New World Power and ruled.
Chronic fatigue is a health problem and this is due to a lack of certain vitamins which weaken the body.
Nios scored 98 runs for the loss of all wickets in 9 overs.
>All electrical installations shall be fenced and signposted to prevent the entry of children, members of the public or animals.
The price of goods and services has increased and will continue to rise and we have many Messiahs who are 'patriotic and patriotic'
Shillong: The body of a man was found at Bawri Complex, Lumdiengjri, Shillong on Tuesday.
However, the crowd did not hesitate and managed to enter the square and throw down the chairs, tables and destroyed the square and stopped the meeting.
It is for this reason that science and technology have to be used in a more special way if we are to build development opportunities in these areas.
When asked about the area of ​​the Law Adong Mawpat, Grace said that the area is 1700 acres. 1700 acres, Grace said she cannot say anything yet, but she will see how much land is needed from the 1700 acres.
(NHIDCL).
May the New Year bring you health, happiness and prosperity to all of you dear readers in Ri Khasi Jaintia, in the State, in the country and in the world. hi all.
The 25 MDCs said that the EC led by Thombor has not misused the council's funds and there has been no misuse of funds within the council.
He said that the adjustment of school fees should be based on consensus, for example, the monthly textbook fee and the annual tuition fee increase should be adjusted after the consent of the students. parents and teachers.
In the first leg, Phiam FC beat Ku Chaphrang 3-1
Nongpoh: Under 14 boys from Eastern Ri Bhoi District have won the title of the Maitshaphrang U-14 Knock Out Football Tournament organized by the KSU Umsning Circle. Umsning, after beating Umran Sports Club 2-1
The meeting started on the 9th November 2023 and ended on Sunday with the Holy Mass with the participation of the youth and the faithful of the Catholic Church from Zone-VI. in the Archdiocese of Shillong.
“I urge the government, the police and the people of the state to promote peace and order in the state and if there is any difference of opinion, we should be willing to talk,” he said. added.
Police have recovered the body from 7mer Upper Shillong at 4 pm today and sent it to the Civil Hospital, Shillong for post mortem.
Regarding this issue, u Bah Pyniaid said that the CEM has said that he has already met with the Minister in charge of DCA alone several times, while Bah Pyniaid has said that he has already met with the Minister in charge of DCA. “I stand by the decision of the meeting on the 9th of July to meet with all the MDCs,” he said.
He further claimed that the unscientific mining of uranium have badly affected the people in this area.
She recalls one saying: “While I was struggling with these dreams.
The ruling TMC has accused the opposition parties of creating trouble in the area just to disrupt the election process and to spread the word. the state because they are afraid that they will be defeated.
And at the time of the birth, they knew that the child was born at the age of forty months or forty days.
Naomi clearly knew that Boaz was her husband’s kinsman and according to custom any male relative had the duty to take over and care for a wife after the death of her husband, even if she was to take her as a cliff wife to place within the harem.
The Minister said that it is no longer appropriate to call it a museum due to the small size of the area, the lack of equipment, even the storage facilities. I'm going to eat sarang.
I don't have anything wrong but he shouldn't speak without thinking especially when he is one of the prominent leaders of the opposition, I feel that his speech is wrong.
The two arrested are Rifikul Islam, 19, of Barpeta, Assam and Rakip Ahmed, 19, of Barpeta, Assam.
The robbers fled to Khliehriat area and when they reached a petrol pump Indian Oil in Khliehriat, they opened fire twice and turned to Umtyr-a.
In the ongoing Malaysia Masters Super 500 Badminton tournament, Malaysian stars Kidambi Srikanth and PV Sindhu have qualified for the Malaysia Masters Super 500 tournament. turn the second battle.
The Lamin Bakur Dawki Unit has been awarded to the AHSA as part of the awarding ceremony of the AHSA. residents of the village to ensure their health especially during this time of crisis in the fight against COVID-1
Shillong: The Union of Village Authorities of Upper Shillong, which includes 12 Villages, at a meeting held on the 22nd of this month in the presence of Rangbah Shnongs, Secretaries Shnongs and members of the Executive The Committee has discussed the issue of the Revolution initiated by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit.
These 10 groups are divided into two zones, 5 groups in the West Zone (including Groups A to E) and 3 groups in the East Zone (Groups F to J). ).
He congratulated all the VDP members from the President, Secretary, Village Leaders and all the residents.
The union leaders informed the DC that the area where the KAAC has installed the gate will still fall completely within the boundary of Khanduli village until the boundary is finalized by the governments of Assam and Meghalaya.
You're right and you shouldn't be set for 4 5 years.
Travelers should be especially careful during these rainy seasons.
He urged the people to think for themselves and to cooperate with the village authorities and government authorities to prevent the collapse of houses and the loss of precious lives.
The MPCC President said that the departure of Dr Mukul Sangma is not a recent initiative but it has been planned for a year and a half now.
Although the calculation of this paper is difficult to understand, it is clear that Meghalaya is the third poorest state in India.
The winners in the Art category were MeECL Secondary School, Umling Higher Secondary School in second place and Jirang Govt.
With this victory, R.Shkenshynriah SC has won the opportunity to lead the district to the Meghalaya State League next season.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, has ordered the closure of the Iewduh from today, 17th June
Ruth and Naomi won the love of their neighbors, and Boaz ordered that the two widows be protected and allowed to use the fields in the village.
He said that the Department of Agriculture has conducted public awareness campaigns in the village to provide training and injections to the pigs in the village to protect the pigs from you are sick; However, until they receive a report from NERDDL on the cause of the death of these pigs, the state government has temporarily banned the slaughter or eating of pigs in Lamin and surrounding villages. village.
After the Meirilung and the Meirisan, we get the Meirilang, which includes all the meanings of the Meirilung and the Meirisan, all those on the page of the Meiramew.
It will also be the time of the gathering of the Gentiles to Mount Zion.
Hek also reminded the Minister of Fisheries, who said that he will take measures to set up more units whether it is in the field of pig farming and the need to establish a There is no State of the Art Veterinary Hospital in the State.
“Come out on that day, we will give full security to the people to feel safe,” Goyal said.
The arrest of the Junior Commissioned Officer (JCO) by the police from Pilangkata Outpost and Umïam was made after a tip-off from the Intelligence Department of the Army.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The ruling Congress party has appointed Andrew Shullai as its new leader in the JHADC. Dr. Mukul Sangma will not contest from the two constituencies as reported in the past few days.
“I feel that Sonia Gandhi will remain the president of the AICC for now.
of India.
In Umbuda Nongpoh, in the Zone 1 Group A match between Shillong Cricket Association A and Ri-Bhoi District Cricket Association, not a single ball was scored due to heavy rain.
Article (80) :- We order the Election Commission to take over this task as soon as possible because it is the most important.
According to the records of the Ministry of Education, these 15-16 thousand unemployed people will be a big challenge for the leaders especially for the political parties who have taken advantage of this situation where the youth have been allowed to Garo Hills has decided to make such a final change from within the state.
In Ribhoi, 22 cases have been reported, 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 8 cases in West Garo Hills, 2 cases in South Garo Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills and 1 case in East Garo Hills.
Rangdajied United FC will play against Shillong Lajong FC at 3 pm on Saturday.
On the other hand, Bah Hek urged the residents to cooperate with the government. “If the residents do not cooperate with the government, it will bring back the problem because the government alone will not “This disease can be controlled,” he added.
Others who attended the ceremony included the Minister of Sports, Shakliar Warjri, MLA Methodius Dkhar, Rambrai MLA RG Momin, Deputy Commissioner Garod. LSN Dykes and other Officers from the Sports Department.
When you get fame and honor, you will be honored and honored, bring honor to your clan and happy and prosperous to all your relatives and family members.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said, “The meeting with the Prime Minister of India was to inform him about the start of talks on the demarcation of the border in India. even two.
Smit opened the scoring through Bankyrshan Ryngdang in the 14th minute.
On the other hand, the Seng wants all the paradoh parasnam especially those who have various jobs in the country to employ the Khasi first and if the Khasi can no longer work, they should be called. people who are outside.
Sr Basyrpailin studied at the school from 2011 to
Rakkam said the question of foreigners and foreigners does not arise at all as these jobs fall under the Open Category or Unreserved Category according to the Job Reservation Policy of the State.
“I have come to Meghalaya to meet the Congress MLAs and to talk to understand everything,” he said.
This amount of T.1 crore has been allocated under the SUPW Scheme 2014-2
How is this possible while we are here? “We have different states, different religions, different people, different culture, different food, different customs but we live together.
Soon after, he took out his phone and made calls to unidentified people. On the phone, he threatened that all the employees of the camp should not be released.
The day was enriched by a cultural programme, distribution of food by the Officers' Club, Mawkyrwat to the children of Hope Orphanage in Mawlangwir and Marshillong followed by sports for the Specially Abled.
He has left Jowai after a complaint was lodged against him and police have registered a case against him under sections 406/420/34 IPC. In August 2013, they also offered a reward to those who provided information to know the whereabouts and arrest him.
The truth is that there are always people within the parties who want to become MPs and want to contest the MP elections, whether they are strong or not and thus, they fight as much as they can to get tickets from their own party and Party office bearers, too, cannot refuse to issue tickets.
This does not mean that it is a discrimination by extending it to the last but it is done according to the custom because (a) the last house is the house of the brothers and sisters in which it is the house of meeting of the brothers and sisters. together with the children when necessary and in no way, the last cannot prevent her brothers and children from entering and leaving the last house which is the house of the kur.
Similarly, in 2021, the country has experienced 148 deaths from such incidents in the coal mining industry from time to time.
Vehicles coming from Nonghyllam, Munai, Mawkyrwat, Mawpat and Rangblang will stop along the road from Khrik Lyngkhoi Bridge, Kongheh Mil Nongrum to IB PWD Road and from Nonbah to the Syiem's ​​Office. Nongstoin Hima and to Pyndengrei Taxi Stand.
Germany, the country worst affected by the coronavirus, saw its output fall by 10.1 percent, while Canada fell by 12 percent from June to June. July and Italy fell by 12.4 percent over the same period.
This is the first time that hundreds of people have been able to reach the DC's office and this has severely affected the traffic through the Secretariat.
The newspapers have been shocked in these days because the Rangbah Shnongs have been overthrown.
In a democracy, it is recognized that the people not only have the right to elect those Nongthawaiñ and Nongsynshar but also have the duty to elect them.
However, the surprising thing is that there is no one to look after them.
We are working but she is sitting inside the house and Bah Michael Kharsyntiew who is an independent candidate from North Shillong, is one of us who works with us and I cannot say that, even if he stands against me. in this election,” said Dr. War.
Before you start thinking about how to improve yourself, it is important to take care of your skin by cleaning it.
“We Khasi Pnars who live here are not illegal settlers as Ronghang said, we are the indigenous people of this area and we are the settlers before the Karbi, “It is not us who live in Karbi Anglong but we who have come to live in our Hima,” said Chandame Sungoh, one of the residents of Block I and Chairman of the Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal. Forum.
Indeed, these are the fighters who have fought against the British Government in these hills.
On the other hand, Bah Makdoh said that he will consider whether he will come back to the polls to contest the election. He urged the residents of Ribhoi District to think carefully to elect a person who is intelligent and able to provide full service to the people.
It is on this basis of God's greatness that Job says – “God is great, and we know him not; the number of his years shall not be counted.
The DCBL Meghalaya team also assisted the passengers who were stranded on the way to Silchar and provided them with food and water.
Vehicles passing through the NH-6, the road passing through the village will come and go as authorized by the government authorities, but will not be allowed to park or stop. within the city limits.
I don't know how to find the knowledge inside the country.
He said the Modi Government has allocated Rs 4800 crore for the years 2022-23 to 2025-26 for the North East and there is an increase of 162 per cent in the allocation.
He demanded that the Chief Secretary should appoint two EACs to run the work of the District Administration and BDO office for the benefit of the people.
A short meeting and wreath laying ceremony was held at the Mot of Sngap Sing Syiem erected by KSU Mawkyrwat Circle at Mawtngan Village in the presence of the Minister of Mawtngan Village.
Russia said one of the drones was shot down in Kubinka, about 40 kilometers from Vnukovo International Airport.
Nevertheless, the BJP is likely to win and get more support in this election.
In the final match of the men's category, Ummulong Grassroot Center beat Laskein Sports Club 'A' 5-0
There are many footsteps of the righteous in the world.
“This traffic jam in Shillong is due to the lack of places to pick up and drop off passengers and the vehicles are running around, around, there are no stations, there are many to pick up and drop off passengers. We have to work on this, we will decide later but now it is just an attempt whether it is true or not, and if there is assistance we will provide other requirements and if there is no assistance we will have to decide do not search for other steps"
On the 8th of this month, the policeman exceeded the limit by making a video call while driving and she did not accept the call and allegedly showed an indecent image and masculinity of the woman. u, who this Muktiar has confused thoughts said in the ejahar.
However, as the government has not set a date, it has relied on the Regional Committee to decide.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that for the people living abroad including students and those working abroad, the government has already prepared to send assistance through the Chief Minister Special Grant.
The AstraZeneca vaccine is used in older English people, but it has been reported that those who have received the Oxford vaccine in the past will receive it once. AstraZeneca doesn't have an mRNA vaccine, while Pfizer and Moderna do.
I would like to ask why Mukul Sangma has not done anything for the people,” he said. “If the Mukul Sangma government has taken action on this issue, then this work is now to be done.
On the day of the inauguration, these three were accompanied by the office bearers of each of their followers.
The visitors were welcomed by the construction of the gate which has been decorated like the famous bridges in the state.
He said that at present it is not known how much the cost of construction of the new prison will be as the Detail Project Report (DPR) has not been prepared yet.
“In fact, the Executive Engineer was given 10 days to complete the work, after which he asked for another 2 days.
Samla Mayborn Lyngdoh, Party candidate from Pynthorumkhrah, said that Tirot Sing Syiem, who came from Mairang, has earned a reputation for being honest, brave and standing up for his rights. fact.
In this regard, the Rangbah Shnongs and Rangbah Dongs should also be blamed for not monitoring the work of the contractors.
“These BJP leaders have admitted that they want ILP but their leaders from the central government have not informed them,” he added.
This goal came in extra time in the 109th minute.
The reception was held at Anderson Higher Secondary School, New Nongstoin.
They also extended their best wishes to the leaders to continue to carry out good deeds.
Dubey has been on the run since Tuesday night when police tried to arrest him from his residence in Bikru, Chaubeypur area of ​​Kanpur, but were shot dead. Eight people were killed in the incident.
The Meghalaya Environment Week (WED) on Thursday launched a one-day special program to end on the 10th of this month. of this month.
Nongpoh: A youth identified as Sunil Deka, 10, of Ampher 12mer, Ri Bhoi, has been arrested on Monday morning on the NH-6 in Ampher 12mer village. One of his friends, Vidyut Dolay, sustained serious injuries and was rushed to Byrnihat CHC. The incident occurred in the morning and at a time when no one could see the incident, in which one of them was seriously injured, while the other was seriously injured.
Nongpoh: A youth identified as Sunil Deka, 10, of Ampher 12mer, Ri Bhoi, has been arrested on Monday morning on the NH-6 in Ampher 12mer village. One of his friends, Vidyut Dolay, sustained serious injuries and was rushed to Byrnihat CHC. The incident occurred in the morning and at a time when no one could see the incident, in which one of them was seriously injured, while the other was seriously injured.
Police received a call from Westfield Bondi Junction at about 4 pm on Tuesday.
The Dorbar Shnong Mowkaiaw has clarified to the public that this statement is wrong as the Chief Minister has already announced on 22th August, 2022 at the confirmation of the office bearers of the NPP party in Mochaiaw.
For information and verification, some officers who have to inspect up to two places, where the officers from West Khasi Hills District, have to inspect Mairang, Eastern West Khasi Hills.
Nongstoin: The 2nd Invitational Knock Out Football Tournament 2018-19 organized by the New Nongstoin Sports Social and Cultural Club (NNSSCC) will start today. day.
“We are very pleased to receive the acknowledgment and a pleasant reply from the Prime Minister.
The VO II includes 11 Self Help Groups and the leaders in honor of their MLA who gave them this office invited him to inaugurate this office which was funded by by the Special Rural Work Program (SRWP).
The water was taken from these test sites and the report was submitted to the Commission, but according to the report, the water taken from the water treatment plant at Mawphlang is clean and pure. The water taken from 4 mer shiteng is low but has been delivered to many water supply points in Shillong.
The village is surrounded by the Kynshi River which has split into two parts and these two rivers surround the village.
Other strong men in our country were Railong, Ter Kyndiah, and Bailon Khyrem.
Shillong: U Bindo M Lanong, MDC of the Khasi District Council, who is also the chief leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP), on Tuesday said that the number of cases of covid-19 in the state has increased. but at the same time, he said that this is due to the weakness of the state government.
Shortly after these fights, Anish Giri, Wesley So and Shakhriyar Mamedyarov became the players who won their Armageddon Games to follow the leader in the standings.
Marching on the streets, the school children carried placards and banners with slogans against smoking or alcoholic beverages, which affect the health of the people.
J Synnah, District Social Welfare Officer, Jowai, explained about the operation of the center and the assistance provided.
The implementation of CUET will improve the quality of education in the state as there will be only a few students who will be able to continue their education and it will violate the rights of ST, SC, OBC, PWD, EWS. Therefore, we should demand the immediate abolition of CUET. The introduction of CUET will enable people to set up training centers to become qualified and this is not true. It is difficult to see what will happen in the state.
It is understood that many of the prime ministers were disappointed that they were allowed to speak only once.
After that, they had to stay away from each other and often spent time chatting or talking on the phone, because Katrina was busy treating covid 19 patients.
Furthermore, Luke in his account mentions these words.
The NPP has encouraged the party to win the 2023 MLA elections.
The JSU is shocked and surprised by the killing of Rangbah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew and the JSU cannot accept the police shooting dead Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew this morning at his residence.
Shillong, Nailar 12: U Bah Leston Wanswett has decided to retire from the MDC election from Shella Constituency.
The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has given the Chief Secretary 15 days to submit a report on the non-payment of salaries to seven contractors of the transport department.
However, Congress MDCs including Lambor Malngiang, Rasor Rani, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh and Manstudy Nongrem did not attend.
Syiem Plester Manik Syiem and Minister of Boldness Lyngdoh Nongum, who are the Chairman and Organizing Secretary of the celebration, said that the people should not worry when they come to the celebration because of the market. originally, prepared for them.
The DC said that if the residents find that the suppliers are selling more than the price, they should lodge a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of East Jaintia Hills District or call the Toll Free No. .1697, or to the District Grievances Officer of East Jaintia Hills District.
The JAC has decided to postpone the meeting until 10 am tomorrow morning.
He said that Myanmar has experienced many problems since 2021 when the army and the anti-junta have been fighting and using force from time to time and which has affected the people. Myanmar where these two groups used to fight and show their strength.
The meeting was part of the party's preparations for the upcoming MLA elections in
As part of the preparations for the Lok Sabha elections, the party has sent 20 leaders from many constituencies to collect detailed information on the work in these constituencies.
It needs to be banned, because it creates feelings of religious difference,” said the resolution of the Convention of Hindu Religions, which was attended by 10 delegates from three states of India. who came from Sri Lanka and Nepal.
The meeting was held between the MLPU and the four Tourist Taxi Associations on 13th October 2020 and decided to accept the fare set by the state government through the transport department.
Shillong: Although the state government, through the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, has recently announced that commercial vehicles can carry 100% passengers, the order has not been implemented. It has not been implemented in Shillong.
According to sources, the failure of the police to arrest the perpetrators was after they fled the scene before the arrival of the police.
He didn't walk with MENG. He helped.
David was born on 02.11.1946 and lives in Clifford Nongrum Road, Oxford.
If you are late, you will have to pay an additional 7 tyngka per minute.
The Ordinance was passed by the Government during its discussion on how to amend the Meghalaya Amusement and Betting Tax (MABT) Act, 1982 after the implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) from November this year. .
At that time, the people of the state were shocked, because they saw that the Chief Minister of the state was dancing and he was singing.
The Agnipath is a scheme of the Government of India, in which soldiers will be employed for four years and after that they will retire, but will not receive any pension.
For more information please call 9436106399/
He said that a tender has been called for the construction of the mini secretariat in the sub-division and once this is completed, the work will be completed.
Although the exact extent of the damage is not yet known, it is estimated at Rs 8-10 crore, said a resident of the area.
Jowai, Naiwieng 9: A man named Wan Emdor Suchiang has died inside the toilet. According to police sources, u Wan Emdor Suchiang has died since yesterday morning inside the toilet at his residence. hi.
Under this programme, the target of collection of plastic waste for Meghalaya is 17720 kilos per month.
Jowai: There are at least 10 coke factories in East Jaintia Hills.
Those who appeared before the court were ordered to quarantine for five days from the 16th of this month and to follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. State.
When you see those shortcomings in other organizations, why don't you point out those shortcomings in yourself?
In the morning, when the JCB cleaned up the road, it was found that the Maruti Alto was badly damaged while the Maruti Van was also badly damaged but not as bad as the Alto.
On this occasion, Darilin Tang, State Secretary of ABVP Meghalaya, requested the Prime Minister to provide vehicles for the students to attend the examinations.
Titos Starwell Chyne, MDC, Sordar Shnong, Patricia Mukhim, state government officials and others were invited.
About 5 to 10 cases have been reported since the beginning of the second wave of the virus, said Dr Devang Gupta, an ENT specialist.
MeCEL, the illegal mining and smuggling of coal doesn't understand what is right and what is wrong.
In the midst of the pandemic, the suffering of the people due to the curfew due to Covid 19 (Corona Virus), especially the poor and needy in which various leaders have come forward to help the people to their homes. Your constituency doesn't have U Khaw or Marbam as a source of assistance to the poor.
“And he (Joseph) arose, and sat down to judgment” (Mt 2:14-15).
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: In memory of the elders of the Seng Khasi (Mother), Mawkhar, Shillong, I have decided to write about the elderly Ijun Sing Lyngdoh.
However, every morning a vehicle brought them to the place and in the evening it took them away and left them where it is not known.
The team was led by two coaches, Jimy B. Shadap and Noyontho Marak and manager Daniel W. Marbaniang.
Police are conducting further investigation.
It is a pleasure that the Nongsning Church has established several churches under the leadership of Tymmenbasan Mon Bamon, namely the Deinlieh Church, the Bri Dkhar Church, the Myrli Church and others.
“Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven” ? It is to worship him in spirit and in truth.
It is learned that if it had fallen during the busy time of traffic, it would have been injurious but it happened at a time when no one was passing.
E.Dhar and RM Khonglah, Khasi Department, Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai.
Now, with the suspension of the sale of cow meat, the same people have sold pork and even though there is no problem with the pigs, the price has been increased from 280 tyngka per kilo to 300 tyngka per kilo.
The purpose of the notification is to allow refugees from Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Pakistan belonging to Buddhist, Jain, Christian, Hindu, Sikh and Parsi communities.
On the BJP's request for an explanation from the Chief Minister, Mawrie said that after submitting a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the party has sent a letter to the Chief Minister. He said that he has not received any reply on the reception of the four Congress MLAs.
Research by scientists has shown that the virus can fly in the air at a distance of 13 feet or four meters. far apart from each other.
and even to the nation... Think carefully, Government, and don't take decisions without consultation.
RBYF Asst. Secretary Bah Liander Nongshli, Asst. Secretary, RBYF was the chief guest at the ceremony. Speaking on the occasion, Bah Liander Nongshli congratulated the RBYF Pahamlapong Pahamsohthri Unit for taking over the RBYF Pahamlapong Pahamsohthri Unit. The decision to hold such a program to honor the students with the aim of encouraging and motivating the youth of the village to continue to progress and to continue to do well in higher education.
Allow only to Khanapara and then see how it will be and what kind of government will come.
Shillong, Nailur 08: Speaking at the celebration of the International Literacy Day organized by the Ministry of Education through the State Project SENAM at Phudmawri Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Mawlai MLA today said that the The students and parents were reminded of the song “Smart children who don't eat horses”.
Regarding the plastic rice, Darlet said that the plastic rice, which is often called Fortified Rice, is actually a vitamin rice called Fortified Rice. He urged the students to tell their relatives that this plastic rice is the rice that the government has banned for the good.
Mondal said that the NREGS has benefited the people in the rural areas and if funds can be allocated to each block to clean the roads it will benefit the villages in the rural areas.
“To implement it, it has been decided to encourage the use of plastic bags, non-plastic bags, paper bags and KHADC together with the Hima Mylliem will work together to announce the information to the public.
“Although they have dedicated their lives for more than 30 years to the teaching profession, these teachers have been deprived of their right to receive their pension which has raised a big question mark how they will do after they I'm sorry,” said Bah Roykupar Synrem.
:NEIGRIHMS, on 14th November 2023, inaugurated the Catheterization Laboratory of the Department of Cardiology. for the better treatment of blood pressure patients.
He said he wanted to say that the VPP supporters don't need to worry because the party will not turn away from them.
When I came back from that place, I talked to one of my friends about the incident that happened in Mawlynrei according to my research.
“In order to prepare for the MLA elections in 2023, they have explained that it is necessary to go to the people in the villages so that they can win more candidates in the elections. the election is coming.
On the other hand, the Seng Samla Kur Mawrie announced that it will award special prizes to all the Kur Samla from all over the country for those who have passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC Examination with 75% or above in 2021 and 2022.
This was announced by Dinesh Kumar Gupta, Chief General Secretary, (R) LJP, Shillong.
In being human beings, we hope and expect only the good things from God who is the giver or blessing.
“On the other hand, the union on Saturday lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Khasi Hills regarding the rude accusations by the religious leaders.
Luke Shaw and Mason Mount will be without players, while newly signed Rasmus Hojlund is expected to make his debut after the tour. injuries to body parts.
At the same time, it has decided not to attend the meeting convened by the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma with all political parties to discuss the ILP in the state to be held on 3rd November. come.
Therefore, I appeal to the police and the law enforcement authorities to give justice,” said the hair.
At the same time, he congratulated and blessed Winningstar, a kickboxer, to win his tournament in Delhi.
Bah Tynsong said that he has been criticized by the people of the constituency during his tenure as MLA and MDC. and others to carry the yoke.
They said they do not believe that Bernard will be the owner of these foreigners.
The Tyrso Valley Wildlife Protection Society (TVWPS) has been working hard to protect not only the Amur Falcon, but also the wildlife and all the living things. There is also a desire to make this place a world tourist destination, by inviting and inviting people from all over the state and also from abroad to come and see these species of birds. who come once a year.
We have already read the 1000 years (millennium).
However, the protest of 2018 was very intense and this protest turned into a battlefield in the Motphran area and surrounding villages due to the incident of attack on the Khasi people by the Harijans of Them Metor.
This means that the Scheduled Tribe and their descendants will also lose their Scheduled Tribe status and the Clan Bill against the British.
He has not yet revealed his identity to the party.
Another case is Ajay Narayan, 32 years old, resident of Lawmali area who came for treatment on 5.12.2021 and died on 7:45 p.m.
Doing so will show the leaves; and this display will take approximately two hours to 13 hours depending on room temperature.
In other matches of the day, Khliehmawlieh Youth Club beat Chipakkore 1-0 in front of a large crowd at Chandmari Ground in Tura, while Pyndengrei and Lumdiengngan beat 1-0 at the MDSA Ground in Mawkyrwat.
The union has learned that the BIET building which was built to train students who want to become teachers started in 2012 and construction started in
The Act has reminded Rupang to collect information on the livelihoods of public servants starting with the Chief Minister, Government Ministers and MLAs which they have given during the elections.
He said that the appearance of Bah Ardent who spoke on this issue, which is a miracle of God, who has appointed a leader like Bah Ardent. Ardent, who is willing to speak on this subject.
“I don't have anything to say and as the chairman of the MDA government I take all the responsibility and I don't want to criticize anyone,” he said.
His friends Rangbah, as soon as they learned of it, were pleased and came out of their house.
He said the Sunfeast Cup will start from 24th July 2022 to 2nd March 2022 and the names of teams or clubs will be submitted at Screening for the boys and girls will be held on the 16th November 2022 at the Association office in Mawtnum.
Therefore, when they leave the church, they begin to commit many kinds of sins against their fellow human beings because they think that God is only in the church.
There is no tradition that the Khasi-Pnar people have been defeated by other people.
Shillong: The Privilege Committee of the Shillong Times today terminated the case of the Editor of the Shillong Times, Patricia Mukhim, after she apologized to him. committee on its article content.
Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, said that the reason why the party has congratulated Dasakhiatbha Lamare, is after he has been able to complete this road which is needed by the people of the area. The road from Umsning to Mawhati has become one of the worst roads in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: The residents of Mawphlang have decided to oppose the implementation of the third phase of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme. The PHE department has not been able to clarify the allegation that it has not been able to provide clean drinking water to the people of the area.
They are our ancestors who have established and established our customs and traditions for us. They are our ancestors so that we can improve our own culture.
When this reporter received information about this strange fish, he immediately went to the village near Umbir, near the Umiam River where he found the neighbors who had gathered to see the fish. this is a wonderful fish.
So the electricity department should look into this,” he said.
However, to win or lose may be his nightmare because as of now the Congress is very weak in Garo Hills but even so it cannot be counted as election after election”.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District today met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, to demand an immediate halt to the proposed land acquisition. Border Security Force (BSF) troops have been arrested at Umshaproh village, Bhoirymbong district.
Even if they are in the government, only two ministers will be ridiculed by the people and if they leave, they will be ridiculed in front of the people.
He said that the Member Secretary of the Commission, Ambrose Ch Marak, has informed that the Commission has received the letter from them and has now sent it back to the sub committee for consideration.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Meghalaya Power Generation Corporation Ltd (MSLC) has called on those who can leave the residences of their employees at Myntdu Leshka and The price for four types of works has been set at T.3,39,
Shillong, March 10: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, today refused to implement the demand of the opposition to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state. the infiltration of mynder in the state.
Because of this flood happens every year due to the flooding of the Brahmaputra River and affects the Garo Hills.
Before I conclude, I would like to remind you dear readers that there is a saying “THERE IS A FATHER WHEN THERE IS NO PEACE”.
Many discussions have been held on this issue, but the discussion has ended with the Chief Minister saying that MUDA will not interfere with the land. outside the Municipal.
As part of the programme, the Minister also distributed FOCUS, YESS and PES (Payment on Eco System) checks of T.2.61 crore to the beneficiaries of Garo Hills.
Hate speech during elections is hate speech and is a sin.
We should commend the people who are brave and go to the homes of the MLAs to ask questions.
Regarding these problems faced by the people of Meghalaya when they go to Assam, during the checks by the Assam police, the KSU leaders said that they will not hold hands, but they have decided to lodge a petition. “If these raids and exploitation by the Assam police continue, the union will not hesitate to take strong measures against the Assam vehicles entering Meghalaya,” he said. leaders.
Official: Shri.Deibormi Lamin (Manager), Shri.Endy S Bamon (Asst Manager), said a statement issued by the Organizing Secretary of the Association Shri.Benjamin Darnei.
Hamkom reportedly confessed that his father (Olino) had always threatened to kill him and his mother.
She said that Section 7 of the COTPA prohibits the sale of cigarettes without graphic images, except for those cigarettes which have been stamped with graphic images to intimidate the public. She said that those cigarettes which do not have ID cards are from the Border and do not have ID cards and if found to be selling such cigarettes, they will be punished. T.5,000 and 2 years in jail.
Bah AS Khongphai said: “That the Khar Jaid are descended from a non-Khasi mother.
The school room was built of stone pillars, while the top was covered with wood and tin.
“It is impossible for the Deputy Director to work without adequate staff and assistants,” said the MGNSA leaders. promotion of nurses.
The complaint was lodged with the Block Development Officer, Mawkyrwat.
The Mawlai MDC said that this is a sad incident and should be condemned by all.
The EJNC demands that the Chief Minister who is also the President of the NPP should explain this, and if he cannot explain it shows that the NPP is fighting politics and the life and death of the Jaitbynriew.
One way after another, it has come from the Urban Department to the Revenue Department and to the Cabinet and we have approved it,” said Prestone.
“The video is a testimony that Bah Paul Lyngdoh raised this issue of reservation 20 years ago, now I would like to ask, where are the videos that Bah Ardent has raised on the issue of reservation 20 years ago.
Other nations love, respect and respect their culture.
He said that there should be a cultural exhibition of different ethnic groups on such a day so that the people can know especially the future generations about the freedom fighters of Meghalaya.
Those who have understood the demand, it is indeed a reasonable demand and the people themselves still need to understand more about this issue and it is also necessary to have forums for discussion and dialogue where the experts Thinkers and intellectuals need to come forward to explain these discoveries and experiences in the past years so that the present generation who are facing challenges whether in education, employment and others are wise and understanding.
At the same time, Conrad urged everyone to work together and find a long-term solution to end the bloodshed in Manipur.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) Nartiang Khanduli Area has urged the police department not to sting the security forces in the prisons, as from time to time this has caused a lot of trouble to the prisoners. The residents of the area have been arrested for the escape of four prisoners who have been sentenced to death.
Therefore, the JACAC leader said that their protest against the Khalai Act in Ri Bhoi and also to demand that the government should repeal the Khalai Act, will continue. The Signature Campaign in Ri Bhoi District is ongoing and is almost over. After the end of the Signature Campaign, they will hold a march from Nongpoh to Shillong. They demanded that the government should repeal the Khalai Act and also end the plan to introduce Khalai camp in Ri Bhoi.
Mawsor was speaking after the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, has not been appointed until these days even though he is still holding two posts as MLA/MDC. The passage of the Act by the Legislative Assembly, which has not come into force at all, has been scheduled to come into force since 1st March, 2015, shows that it is a shame to the Legislative Assembly and the State Government.
He said that if we want to have a joint candidate, it is necessary for the political parties in this government to forgive each other to get a joint candidate. it is difficult to get a candidate.
In the first innings, Meghalaya lost three leading batsmen including Shubham Rasaily for 48 runs off 92 balls and Shavian Blah for 46 off 68 balls.
In the process of implementing their findings, the panel of judges gives their approval leading to the selection of Indian Panorama films in various categories.
Rupang tried to find out the truth by calling these numbers as it was a rumor spread through Whatsapp.
The team has also played friendlies against the United Arab Emirates U-20 team and Uzbekistan U-17 team last month, beating them 1-0 goal to the Uzbeks.
Superintendent of Police R Pathaw said the drugs were seized from two vehicles, a Scorpio (ML 04 A-9950) and a Xylo. -TR 01 AG – 0775.
There are some religious groups who oppose this decision of the MDA government to distribute kyiad in every household. from and to worse.
He said that without the Bill to be introduced in Parliament, they cannot decide whether to support or oppose the implementation of the UCC. Shall the nation be saved, or shall it work for all? We cannot say because we have not seen this law,” said Bah Mayralborn.
These three trucks did not have Challans or documents showing that the transportation of coal was not illegal especially after being banned by the National Green Court.
I don't know how Conrad Sangma has convinced the BJP leaders to join the government in Manipur.
He said that today's meeting is only one step to take forward the aim of finding ways and means to resolve the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
However, only a few departments related to the people will be implemented so that there will be no disruption in the work of the people especially those related to the development of the people.
However, in other areas especially in Nongstoin C&RD Block and others.
The storm, which struck suddenly on Sunday evening, has destroyed four houses in Ummat village.
Besides, Prof. NB Singh said that even the college will purchase rice from the farmers to distribute to other farmers so that they can grow more rice.
Bindo said that the KHADC has received about Rs 123 crore out of Rs 133 crore from the Central Government. Not only the MDCs but also others who have their own accounts are involved.
According to the DCA Minister, the term of the three district councils in the state will end on 16th June.
“If the government doesn't approve the ILP, we will protest even if we shed blood. The District Council has been given the authority to create the ILP. Permit, We will hold a public meeting in the coming days, I am not afraid even if I am arrested because I see that the nation is in danger, Garo Hills has gone, we don't want this country of ours “It's like the Garo Hills,” said Bah Shylla.
He said that he comes from a state with a strong tradition of sawangka and admits that the sawangka Ka Ding Ka Jingieit is a wonderful.
She said that the allocation for a large part of the fund – Critical Care Block amounting to T.21.38 crore has been allocated later than others.
Speaking after welcoming the candidates, Prestone said that his visit to Thynroit was because he did not allow himself to join the candidate on the day of the launch of the election. The fertilizer received with the subsidy on the 13th of this month.
Mebarika Synnah (Mowkyndeng) 13 years old and Damonmiki Tyngkan (Nongkynrih) 30 years old received prizes.
This morning, Yediyurappa phoned H Nagesh, the minister of liquor, and said, “Who sent you to speak like that to the media?” please.
Thomas Jones, the rest is history, has created history in the Khasi people, by creating the Khasi alphabet ABKD.
Besides Khanapara, the leaders of the Union of Meat Traders said that they have also gone to other places like Dhubri, Assam and Arunachal Pradesh to try to find cows. The price of cows in Bangladesh has been increased by T.5 or T.6 thousand.
Furthermore, the KSU has already sent CEC leaders including Biangbor L Paliar (VP), Sonstar Nongkhlaw, Barikula Nongsiej, Iashan Mukhim, Shiningstar Kharbih Khiew and other members. from West Jaintia Hills and East Jaintia Hills to accompany the residents of Mukroh.
They will have to pay Rs1100/ to register for the test, otherwise they will not be able to study this year, they will have to leave school before this year.
It is important to note that the invitees have already expressed their willingness to receive with enthusiasm.
Mother Earth is indeed a beautiful mother in that it produces many different kinds of fruits in their own rights, and they are very important for living creatures, such as birds. meat, animals, especially human beings who are the masters among all the creatures of God, to have physical strength, health and a strong body.
Many residents have been blocked from going to their workplaces for nearly two hours and have had to sit in the streets.
Efty United XI Mynso beat West Jaintia Police Cricket Club by eight wickets in the District Cricket League 2024 organized by the West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WJHDCA) on 9th June.
“It is impossible to predict what kind of government we will get in 2023 but we have already understood that only the Synrop government will come back in There is no party that cannot rule alone in the state”.
On 16th October, the state government has given until 10th June to the HPC to respond to its proposal to relocate the Shillong Municipal office from Them Iew Mawlong. Board (SMB).
On the other hand, this reporter inquired from the OC of Mawngap Out Post, but the OC said that the police have not received any information.
However, East Bengal managed to score another goal in the 73rd minute through Neitho. syndon from the playground.
They said that the appointment of Garo Rangbah Shnong has affected the Garo people who have lived in the Khasi Hills since ancient times and have lived in peace and harmony. The KHADC's refusal to allow Garo to become Rangbah Shnong has seriously affected the human rights of the Garo people.
“Oh, that's fine.
He said that in the past few years, the residents of the state have understood the value and health benefits of milk and other processed foods. from milk, and this has also led to increasing demand in milk production.
Besides, another Khasi-Pnar youth who won the prize was Remeky Nongtdu who came first in the Novice category. He is from Sutnga.
These farmers who have been severely affected and who do not have the means to purchase these seeds and fertilizers have been selected by the Waheh Shnongs from different villages.
The choice is yours.
The opposition has now reached 15 members.
He said the government has done whatever is necessary to punish these people severely and will also include the decision to kill them in the hands of the law, because of these crimes. that they did.
The East Jaintia District Cricket Association (EJDCA) on the 22nd of this month distributed food items to three villages in East Jaintia Hills District.
Dr Sangma said that as they have the right to investigate, the authorities should do something to ensure that the investigation is truly independent and should be released from the authorities within the investigation, as there will be many police officers. who have within them what they have to investigate, whether they are really free, to say all this, have to understand.
“On the other hand, the party urges to immediately resolve these problems faced by the indigenous people due to the lack of opportunity to write examinations in their own state, and that they should have this opportunity. in the days to come and also that such incidents should not happen again,” said Thabah.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Manbha Ranee said that the main reason for the cleanliness drive and distribution of garbage cans is to bring about a clean environment. in the village as a whole, because as it is now, cleanliness is very important in the society.
This year, 13 Rots have been brought to Aitnar, after the arrival of the Rots, they have been brought to Khnong Blai.
According to Mondal, the target is to complete the design of the new dorbar hall by November this year, two months and after that, the construction work will start. , the tender will be called immediately.
PHL Group from Mawten Village, South West Khasi Hills District has participated in a Street Play or Drama entitled “Phikir” that he may become mentally ill.
The Ordinance also decides that no bail shall be granted to any person accused of rape of a child under the age of
The NEEPCO employees were led by three residents of Thieddieng who are Executive Members of the Thieddieng Village Council.
In the last match, Nangkiew Irat beat Malki SC 3-1
The KHADC has also constructed an auditorium hall worth T.1 crore from the 13th Finance Commission and will be completed by November this year, said the CEM. The construction of 11 Rangbah Shnong Courts through financial assistance from the government and others who have not yet received assistance have been sent.
It is up to us to elect leaders who have the vision to bring about a complete change in the state which will be a blessing to the future generations.
Thelma has named her two daughters, Zina and Zuriel, while she is looking for names for her four sons.
It is for this reason that many mothers, especially those who have children, die during childbirth.
“I would like to thank Bah Tynsong for changing the word “High Level” to “Zero Level” as it is today.
However, even after receiving the report, the government has not done anything. It has been sleeping on the report to protect those involved. Shillong, March 10 : The Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum (KJCLF) has protested against the casino issue. In the state, the Minister of Taxation, James K Sangma on Monday said that he will hold a meeting with these religious leaders to discuss the issue.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 505 new cases have been confirmed and 4668 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
Steve Smith has now had to prepare himself to take over as the new leader of the Australian Cricket Team; Pat Cummins has decided to stay at home following the death of his mother in preparation for the upcoming ODIs against India. he still last month.
The Government should have thought carefully and asked itself before issuing the rules for this.
HUCC have secured a place in the final of the AJCA's Open T20 Cricket Tournament 2022 after beating Chutwakhu by five wickets in the semi-final at Jrisalein Stadium, Chutwakhu, Jowai. it's Friday.
MPCC General Secretary Sanjay Das has urged the Congress to immediately end the protests, said Sanjay Das, General Secretary of the BJP. The Prime Minister, Narandra Modi, on Tuesday urged the people to make Meghalaya a corruption-free Meghalaya.
The Special Relief Commissioner of Odisha, PK Mohapatra, said that the Budhabalanga and Subarnarekha rivers have flooded severely today.
The mayor of Halifax said more than 18,000 residents had been forced to flee their homes as a result of the disaster.
The Headquarters 101 Area was established on June 22, 1963 and at that time it was known as the 101 Communication Zone.
Rida didn't answer and just listened.
Khliehmawlieh Youth Club started the Meghalaya State League 2023 with a victory by beating Atong Matgrik FC 7-1 on Tuesday in Group-D. Chandmari Square in Tura.
“Before they talk about these corruption issues in the district councils, they should have raised the issue of corruption in the district councils,” he said. Shillong: Adelbert has urged Conrad K Sangma to take action to ensure the removal of the VC of NEHU. Shillong: Three persons have been appointed by the BJP. One death was reported from Riat Laban, near the Muslim Cemetery, another from Laban Sports Club and one from St John's Church.
It is hoped that through the opening of this building today, it will be able to carry out many activities in the community and to provide services to the people in need.
Damanbait Lamare, who won from Umroi constituency, became the youngest MLA at the age of 26 while the Protem Speaker, Timothy D Shira, became the oldest at the age of
Katto has completed part of the Kyntokam Thup-adong Model in this current issue.
Those Mahajanapadas became great empires like the Murya Empire, the Gupta Empire and others.
The meeting was held at Circuit House, Tura on Saturday to discuss the reasons for the dropout of part-time school children and to find ways and means to address this problem.
He said that the Congress party has become increasingly involved with the passing of the days.
The JSU also urges and requests the people of Amlarem Civil Sub-Division from various Sengbhalang, Waheh Shnongs and the people to work together for the bright future of the area. Eddy Kerry Pohtam, President of JSU War Jaintia Circle, said in a statement.
Hek said he had done this on the orders of the leaders in Delhi and a complaint has been lodged with the BJP authorities in Delhi.
