Shillong: U A Mishra IPS, Chairman of the Port Authority of India, today visited the Tamabil port.
The CSWO led by Kong Agnes Kharshiing has lodged a complaint with the Governor of Meghalaya to use the shabuk to prosecute those people who hold dual positions as MLA and MDC. this is in accordance with the provisions of the law.
The state government on Tuesday said that about 75 per cent of the road between Thadlaskeiñ and Mihmyntdu which is part of the Jowai Bypass has been repaired.
Many of the speakers and supporters urged the Goldstone Company not to go beyond the environmental protection rules and to operate in such a way as not to damage the environment. and requested the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board to issue a clearance certificate to M/s Goldstone Ltd to mine coal and also to mine soil from the existing park. in Cherubim and in Umtyra.
In this regard, the KSU has also sent a copy of the letter to the MLA Khlehriat who is also the Minister of State to take action to provide electricity in Wapungskur.
The meeting with the CS was to expedite this process.
Puerto Rican women's table tennis star Manika Batra has been fighting hard since the beginning of her career, before being defeated by her Puerto Rican opponent. Adriana Diaz lost 3-4 in the 32nd round of the World Table Tennis Championships.
After that, he contested the election as an NCP candidate in
Shillong: The KSU Jowai Circle today held a meeting with the members of the KSU Jowai Circle under the leadership of Morningstar Pasi President. Executive Engineer of PHE Jowai, West Jaintia Hill District.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah GD Kharwanlang, Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills District. , Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Lostar Lyngdoh, Minister of Village of Nongbah-Marshilong. of Nongbah-Marshilong Village with the guests.
In a statement, BJP Meghalaya Spokesperson Basu Chakraborty said that three months have passed since the withdrawal of 1000 and 500 notes. go ahead on this.
When asked about the remarks of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, Sandondor said, “It is the responsibility of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to speak such worthless and sad words. words spoken by leaders are not beautiful and have degraded the position they hold as leaders".
"When talking to those who came and went, especially to an elderly man from the West Khasi Hills, he said that they have been standing in the same place for three hours. They said that they don't know the reason for the blockade in Shillong.
Shillong: The Central Executive Committee of the Hynniewtrep Youth Party (HSPDP) today decided to support Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, the UDP candidate from the 24-Mawphlang (ST) Assembly Constituency in the mid-term MLA elections. to be held on the 30th of this month.
This is the act of our honorable MDCs who have worked hard to save their nation, to glorify the image and blood of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum in being indigenous.
Shillong, Lber, 22: The Federation of All School Teachers (FASToM) on Tuesday continued their protest by marching near the office of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASToM). All India Radio to Malki Square due to the Government's lack of confidence in the demands to upgrade the Deficit System/Deficit Pattern of Adhoc Schools and to increase the salaries of Adhoc School Teachers.
Why doesn't the report mention the visit of the Special Rapporteur NE of the NHRC Anil Pradhan to Tura District Jail on 18th June 2014 where the information was submitted by the prisoners to the Inquiry Committee of the MSCW in Tura?
Khliehriat March 19: The foundation stone of the Rymbai-Bataw-Borghat road is expected to be laid in November 2022 at the border village in East Jaintia Hills District. -Jalalpur (RBBJ-Road) which has been destroyed for many years.
Shillong: The Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department (ASP) has announced that the African Swine Flu (ASF) has struck the state and has declared the villages of Dalu and Asiragre under Dalu. Block, West Garo Hills as the epicenter of the disease.
The elderly are not very good at talking about household chores but for the women it is a subject that almost everyone talks about.
It is learned that on that day, the employee tried to put the children to sleep as usual, but after about half an hour, the employee became angry after one of the synrap , she did not sleep at all even when she tried to wake them up.
Speaking on the struggle, Bah Khongwang said that no struggle is easy, but you have to work hard.
This is the custom of kulong kumah, which their ancestors taught and their ancestors followed, which has made this village famous all over the world.
Bah Africa was trained for two months in Silar and was taught how to shoot guns and how to detonate bombs.
He said that even the SICPAC has already been opened which has not been completed yet.
In the women's category, Kyntimon Marwein from Mawkyrwat finished in 1 hour 26 minutes 30 seconds.
Former Principal Secretary of Meghalaya, H Chenkenthang, who was in charge of agriculture during the UPA period, wrote in the Shillong Times.
RG Lyngdoh said that the new Congress President Vincent H Pala has invited him to return to politics and the Congress party.
The India National Congress (INC) Mawkyrwat Block Congress Committee on 6th July 2023 held a meeting with all the leading office bearers of various units under the Mawkyrwat Constituency at the party office. residence of Bah Carnes Shohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency.
Rangdajied are now in first place with seven consecutive victories and have easily qualified for the semifinals, while Langsning will have to fight hard to ensure that they become the top team. They will reach the semifinals.
Jowai, July 16: Sister Ardaka Tariang, who has been an aspirant for the Carmelite Missionary Society for many years, has finally decided to take her last oath on the 6th of July. shortly 2024, to love and serve God and fellow human beings for life to become a member of the Sister Carmelite Missionary Association at Sacred Heart Church Raliang Parish Mookyndeng. Most Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar, Bishop of Jowai Diocese, attended the ceremony.
Speaking on the occasion, Saleng said the MDA government has been in power for seven years and is still thinking of developing the state but the people will judge what the government is doing.
On the BJP's allegation that the BJP's allegation is merely an election talk, the Assam Chief Minister said, “You see what we mean is that the central government has allocated money from the He has been involved in many projects such as work for medical colleges in Tura, Shillong and elsewhere.
He said that some of these schools are still in the process of preparing Detail Project Reports, there are some schools which the Government has already allocated funds, schools are still in the process of calling for tender and there are other schools. where the Government is in the midst of trying to get land.
The Eco Hatchery was built on the land of Bah Lamsing Tyngsong, a resident of Lahaleiñ village who is one of the leaders in the fish farming industry recognized by the State Government and the Central Government.
The NOTA is 'None of the Above' which means that the people can click on the NOTA button if they do not wish to vote for any candidate.
The Word of God says further, “And they that dwell upon the earth shall be astonished;
Shillong, July 30 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) has announced three more candidates from Garo Hills for the upcoming elections.
At the same time, the court advised the authorities to act as ksiang to resolve the issues regarding the lack of land by NHIDCL to complete the road.
Although the time is too late, it would be good if our government should immediately set up police outposts in many places along the border with Assam by providing police with modern weapons, such as sten guns, automatic machine guns, automatic rifles, AK-47s and other similar weapons.
" But now it is not the same as before.
Doctors of Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong have provided treatment and medicines to the women, elderly and women children according to diseases such as eyes, head, neck, bones and throat and others.
“The Syiem of Khyrim Hima, Paiem Balajied Sing Syiem, while explaining about the Shad Lyngdoh, said that the Shad Lyngdoh is held after the lehniam.
Other dignitaries who attended the function included Bah GB Marwein, General Secretary UBCC, Bah R.Kharkrang, Chairman of Umsaitsning Town Durbar (UTD), Kong SM Lyngdoh, President of Umsaitsning Pyllun Women's Association. , Rangbah Shnongs of the four villages under UTD, along with the participation of the residents including youth and children of these four villages in the Umsaitsning area.
He also urged the States and UTs to make good use of the opportunities they have received on this day which will be attended by CIPS-ASCI officials and other government officials from across the states to discuss the issue. mat.
“There will be explanations from various departments on the schemes that have benefited the farmers, such as the Department of Agriculture, Horticulture, Fisheries, Veterinary and especially the various missions that the Government has introduced. for the farmers,” said Bah Shangpliang.
“However, it is sad to say that this wealth has not been achieved because even the electricity for household use has not been supplied,” said Bah Rowel.
The Minister appreciated the efforts of the state government to reduce infant and pregnant mortality through various means.
However, what is more worthy of consideration is the comments of many thinkers, such as Patricia Mukhim, Rev. Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh, Bah HH Mohrmen, Bah Disparsing Rani, Bah HT Wells and others, on the backwardness of the state. The MP also said that he has time to travel here, a place where even the state residents don't know and have never been, the MP has left Bihar behind. His visit to Khasiland has led Mohan Bhagat, the head of the RSS, to come here with him. and he went up to the mount of Olives.
Teilinia will be welcomed by leading PDF leaders including Mylliem MLA and Minister of State Hamlet Dohling and Banteidor Lyngdoh. MLA of Mawkynrew, Minister of State.
China has reportedly built 12 residential buildings in Humla district of Nepal and the protesters demanded an immediate investigation into the incident and China has banned foreigners. and the people shall not come to this place.
After the meeting, the students of the Department of Psychology, Martin Luther Christian University, Shillong called Beautiful Mind (A Peer Psycho Education) -Discussion between the students of Martin Luther University, Shillong and the students of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat.
“The Germans clean the pigs like we Khasi do where they wash the pigs with water like cleaning the pigs,” said Bah Donlang.
Regarding the spread of the article, U Nongsaiñ Hima has sought information from the police department, and a police source said that it is trying to confirm whether the article is true or false. bym day.
Shillong: The residents of Rngi Shillong, a village adjacent to Pamlakrai, today came out to repair the damaged road in the area.
" However, he said that the investigation into the incident is ongoing and so far four persons have been arrested.
The YLC XI, led by former India player Baichung Bhutia, won 7-6 on penalties.
He scored 80 runs off 55 balls and took 3 wickets in two overs.
We currently have 56 Khasi, Pnar and Garo MLAs.
Jesus was crucified until death because of the foundation he stood on.
At the time of the incident, the father of these children, Tirot Sing Khyriem, was not at home, but was in Lyngkha with his six elder children.
Also present were the President and Secretary of the Sein Raij Jowai, the Seiñ Raij Shillong, the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, the Presidents and Secretaries of the Districts and Branches of the Sein Khasi.
Shillong: The Sohra MLA, Bah Gavin M Mylliemngap, on Tuesday said that the famous and old Sohra market in Khasi Jaintia Hills will be renovated soon with the assistance of the central government.
Before Alia, there were several Bollywood actresses who were appointed as spokespersons for Malabar Gold & Diamonds and since its inception, the company has attracted many.
Shillong: On Saturday morning, 2nd November 2022, MLA Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang from Mawsynram Constituency visited the teachers of Adhoc Schools. The Federation of All School Teachers (FASTOM) while they were sitting in the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat, where even in the heat of the day, they could not move from where they were sitting.
He said that the equipment purchased at a cost of T.5 crore at the Shillong Civil Hospital has not worked and is sitting idle.
While these brothers were sliding and stirring up water.
He said the party demands the installation of a weightbridge.
We expect that our members who understand the Reservation Policy and its 51 procedures will also be included in this Committee,” said KHNAM in a statement sent to the media through the Reservation Policy. Vice President Bah Thomas Passah.
The Nagaland government has increased the price of diesel by T.5 per liter and petrol and other fuels by T.6 per litre.
Shillong: U SK Sunn, MLA of Mawphlang and President of the Shillong Sports Association (SSA), has sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, urging the government to stop the sports association. to hold a public meeting at the Polo Ground because it has been destroyed and has also caused losses to the football players in the state and especially in the city.
According to the earlier deadline, the committee was supposed to send its report on 23rd June, but the sports department has given two months after the committee requested time to complete. This is the investigation.
“Therefore, the Members have directed to convene a special/emergency meeting of the Academic Council to discuss the improper implementation of the NEP 2020 at the UG level in the colleges affiliated to NEHU without receiving the The approval of the Academic Council in accordance with Regulation RA-5, Clause 13, under Clauses (1) (a) and (2) of Statute 42,” said Prof Kma.
A similar figure was made for the enrollment of girls in primary schools in the last five years from 41.98 lakh to 39.80 lakh.
Khonglah alleged that this is a violation of the rights of the tenant and he will not hesitate to inform the court about this, and hopes that it will give a fair decision.
Even if you don't eat wieh, they will feed you with puit, sohlang, kber and kha bah pat, with atta, bindia, etc. you will get it without hesitation.
Khroo Lamsalangki Pariat, President of AJMRWLU, said that the Prime Minister has promised to take action to talk to the Prime Minister on the issue of day laborers and food assistants as other states have approved to increase the salary of Mid-Day Meal producers.
“Thomas Jones had to endure the pain and sorrow of the death of his children and wife Ann Jones, but he served the Khasi and Government servants like Hary Inglis who did not bishni u, because he taught the Khasi.
How eating fruits and vegetables builds health — Many fruits and vegetables are low in calories.
She also thanked the coaches, the staff of the Directorate of Sorts and Youth Affairs under the leadership of Kong WAM Booth who helped for the players, Munin Changmai in charge of SAI Center Shillong and also. to the journalists who have helped to spread the news for the information of the public.
You have approved, but you have not asked.
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA), in collaboration with the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government, has organized the three-day Elite Pathway Program which started on Saturday. on 1st June, and the program will end on 3rd June
Shillong, July 29: Three members of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) have been arrested by the West Khasi Hills Police today.
The Dorbar Shnongs have the information and can also verify the citizenship of anyone and therefore the election department should ask and cooperate with the Dorbar Shnongs before adding new names to the electoral roll.
Each of the foods prepared contained those three types of food and some of them exceeded the three types.
Shillong, Lber, 7: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Friday sought clarification from the Minister of State for Soil and Water Conservation, Macruise N. Marak regarding the complaint received by the organization. The officers and employees of the Soil and Water Conservation Department implement various projects or schemes of the Central and State Governments such as the IWMP, AIBP, RKVY and Nabard Loan.
“Because this management of coal will also cause loss to the Government and also to many churches who earn their living from the mining and trading of coal.
This is the information from the children, Hamra, Darbinoris, Rally, Oni Bilet, Jirly, Riyar and Teiman Tariang.
sur ietmut with the same hand and touch the matbam.
“Mom, you're here.
This is evident in the conversation between Saul and his son Jonathan (I Samuel 20:27-29).
This will bring peace to the story by spreading the benefits of the Word to the benefits of the Word.
Later I got my MBA degree from Bengaluru.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that at present there has been no more clashes in Lapangap and the District authorities have been closely monitoring the situation in the area.
Despite winning all four matches, Mawlai didn't count sting in this last match to take the lead in Group-A. Diengdoh scored three goals in the 15th, 28th and 49th minutes. , 58 & 77 after the assist of Robert Khongriah and Remark Kharmalki.
The Living Bridge Foundation is one of the most prominent organizations in the field of traditional knowledge preservation, especially Living Root Bridges.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Maxwell Lyngkhoi said that the departure of Bah HM Shangpliang from the Congress Party without informing his supporters is like a father who goes to look for his mother. He told his mother and children that he went out alone with some of those who claimed to be the leaders and this behavior of his has angered the supporters of the party.
He said that there is a big difference between the fees charged by Government colleges and Government aided colleges in the State.
The school is owned by WAPCOS Ltd, New Delhi.
The tournament will help to develop the athletes of the state as well as the North East as a whole.
Shillong: Due to the outbreak of covid 19, 94 prisoners, who are under trial and detained in the District Jail, have been released home yesterday.
We have to accept and translate it into the language spoken by the people of the State.
It means the fellowship of God only on the outside.
They should never discourage those children who want to get that position and honor in the future, or say that they will not get a job even if they pass high grades.
The deceased are from East Khasi Hills District, one from Eastern West Khasi Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills.
Japanese Foreign Minister Yasutoshi Nishimura told reporters that Japan had nothing to do with the US move, which has begun to reduce sales of these chips to other countries of the world.
The honor also goes to my parents,” said Khamkhraw in an interview with U Nongsaiñ Hima.
“Bah Bah Bring is a very brave man,” said Bah Bindo.
There is no doubt that this scheme is part of the AITC's campaign promises in Meghalaya and the Election Commission should take action on this”.
The smuggling, the sale of land and the daily employment of foreigners encourages and encourages them to stay in this land of Hynniewtrep and after a long time when they feel the ownership they don't want to leave. and they shall smite the inhabitants of the land.
In addition, it was decided that the pieces of the dome will not be moved until the investigation is completed.
Superintendent of Police Jagpal Singh Dhanao said that at about 3:00 pm, police received a tip that a man identified as Masoom Choudhury from Katigora, Noonnagar, had been arrested. Assam has been abducted by a group of 5-6 robbers in a local taxi number ML-11-7
In particular, the Seng once again informs all our fellow citizens that at this time the flood of mynder could overwhelm our small nation if we are not quick to stop them from the border. , villages and so on.
Also present on the occasion were Ivereen Warjri, Mission Director of BBBP in the state, government officials including Bah D. Hynniewta, ADC, Doreen Phawa ADC, EAC, officers from various government departments, teachers and students from schools in the Nongpoh area.
Jowai, Jymmang 15: According to information sent by C. Sungoh Secretary and J. Phawa President, there was a light outage at Mihmyntdu Moowamon village from 12:30 pm to 12:30 pm. at 4 pm on May 15, 2022.
Thomas Passah, Working President, said that the party, as they have spoken and expressed at the All Party Meeting, stands firm.
Shillong, Nailur 15: Prostitutes to earn money and prostitutes to please the desires of the flesh, have increased and spread to the remote areas, these days.
He said that the incident ha Pahamsyiem village has shocked many of the people of the brutal murder of a foreigner by a foreigner to kill a Khasi youth by cutting off her hair and stabbing her with a knife even in the morning on the village road. The village council warns the Khasi youth in the village to choose a man carefully in relation to marriage, that such incidents should not happen again and warns that if any woman gets The Dkhars should leave the village as decided in the Dorbar and follow him so that the village will not have any responsibility.
It is learned that the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, is also in Delhi but according to Pynshngaiñ, everyone is going on their own path of talks which they don't know the resolution. how can they get it?
One of the places raided was a house in western Delhi where Lalu Prasad's son, Bihar's Chief Secretary Tejashwi Yadav, was staying. said.
Luke's account is clear and shows that the people, the rich, the poor, the rich, and all heard this good news and were able to share fully in this cry of joy.
The Speaker did the same.
When they sat down, the king's house was filled with gold.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Amalgamated and Redressal Forum (JARF) is a group of farmers, truck drivers, contractors and leaders including MLAs and former MDCs. 11 pm at Tuber-Shohshrieh Sports Ground, East Jaintia Hills District due to lack of coal mining.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sh.
Twinklely has reached this stage by holding her first Phlangwanbroi Talent Show, where she has qualified for the semifinals of the Indian Talent Fight. The young man reached the Grand Final.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Samla Daniel Khyriem, Jeo Marwein and GH Kharshanlor, expressed their special thanks to the state government, especially the Sengbhalang leaders. The Prime Minister, following this initiative to implement the Entry and Exit Point.
“I have worked hard with you the people to provide the main roads from Smit to Jatah, Syntung, Nongjrong and Mawlat and they have become very easy for traffic,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Paswan said, "The Congress has declined steadily across the country and will soon lose power in this state in the upcoming elections. .
This is a very sad incident,” said Santanu Sen.
It is on this issue that the VPP has come forward to demand that the government should re-appoint the three officers otherwise the party will take to the streets to protest against the corruption of the MDA government. In this regard, Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, President of the VPP, said that the forced termination of the term of office of these officers is only to protect the corrupt leaders of the NPP including The relatives of the Prime Minister should be strongly opposed by all the citizens of the state.
Secretaries of VECs and Gram Sevaks shall work in accordance with the rules relating to Central Government schemes.
Lalremawai Sangma came second in the Junior Bodybuilding category, Vivian Pajuh came second in the Bermuda Beach Model category, Aristotle Rynjah came fourth and In the women's category, Whitney Lyngdoh of Mawphlang came second and Averyl Lanong came third.
It is to be recalled that in the past few months, officers and personnel of the Forest Department have visited parts of West Khasi Hills to conduct inspections. The Forest Department has also seized the illegal smuggling of rnga from several rnga hiding places in the area. region.
The North East has delicious food, heritage, beautiful places, culture and architecture and is one of the most beautiful places in the world.
The program was held at Little Star Secondary School Ladrymbai with the participation of teachers and students.
The party also congratulates the MLA of Sutnga Saipung Constituency Shri Shitlang Pale who was willing to join and support this demand of the ECC Sutnga District by accompanying the people of Sutnga District to turn to the office. The DC of East Jaintia Hills has demanded the immediate removal of these illegal factories.
The leaders of the two parties also criticized the BJP government for mining uranium without the consent of the people , was an act of violence against the people of the State.
According to a statement issued by the DC's office, “In connection with the auction by Coal India Limited of the coal that has already been produced or mined and assessed by the DC's office, of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District and has been approved by the Hon'ble Supreme Court.
Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, together with Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister, have laid the foundation stone at Umrit village for the construction of this road. However, until today, no sign has been seen that the construction of this road will start.
Even the tourists of our state have started to complain when they see this widespread deforestation of our hills and rivers and many of those places used to have forests.
The implementation of the Farm Bill has sparked protests in Punjab and Haryana, where farmer groups have rallied against the new law of the Indian government.
Nongstoiñ, June 2: The cultivation of sla sha in West Khasi Hills has started for a long time, but until now, this work has not appeared in this district.
To provide farm inputs (including natural fertilizers) and services as an arrangement for farmers and to empower them, about 100,000 special areas have been established for farmers. Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samruddhi Kendras across the country.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 73 so far and the death toll has risen to 1,4
However, even in the midst of this growth of the world of knowledge, the essence of any nation survives and stands strong if its members remember their stones which are the blood vessels of the nation.
Police in West Jaintia Hills District have recovered the body of a woman who was suspected of being murdered by her husband Roibiang Pakma.
This has upset many people until some of them carry swords to fight against each other, blood against each other.
Teiboklang Biam won the first title in the men's category in 32 minutes 21 seconds, followed by Dasaman Kyndait in 32 minutes 45 seconds. The average Pakma time is 32 minutes 50 seconds.
They have urged the district authorities and the state government to authorize the organizers to set BAR at the Bacardi NH7 Weekender.
He said that there are two prominent leaders in the KHADC, Dr. Adviser Pariong, former MLA and Gabriel Wahlang MDC. They were recognized by the people in Nongstoiñ because they were the leaders of the people.
All the speakers advised the members to be respectful and especially to be respectful and have a spirit of cooperation with other members and to work for the good of the community regardless of whether they are young or old. .
A total of 1002 children from 26 schools took part in the three categories of the tournament, Under-14, Under-16 and Under-1
The school has 196 students since its opening in
Speaking to u SP News Agency, former CEM of the Garo Hills District Council, Bah Agustine Marak, said that he could not help but pay tribute to the two late leaders (L) Clifford Marak, founder of the Garo National. The GNC and (L) Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, founder of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) have signed and agreed to put this demand as one of the agenda items of the two parties. Agustine said that when it comes to this issue, it cannot be said that these leaders who have signed this issue, have agreed that If this is the case, there should be no racial discrimination.
“The Chief Minister of Assam and I have decided to visit Khanduli and Psiar in the last month of April this year,” he said.
This age we live in is an age of competition as they say in foreign languages.
On the 6th of this month, there will be a drama performance at Tpep-Pale Jowai.
the power of the god of Israel and the power of Satan from Mecca.
“The Prime Minister said he believes that true development can come when “We can touch every life, when we can develop and move forward everyone, when we can bring about equality between women and men and between nations.
Wherever you stay, I will stay...” (Ruth 1:16).
“If so, why don't they give them to the youth and why don't they leave them?
According to the Sub-Divisional Magistrate, this decision was taken due to the rapid spread of COVID-19 in the Sub-Division and especially in Pyndengumiong village where the Langstieh Market is located.
Tura, West Khasi Hills, East Garo Hills, North Garo Hills and South Garo Hills.
I am writing this article from my bed at Bethany Hospital, on my mobile phone.
The Lympung of Women's Organizations has met with the CEM of KHADC and submitted a petition on 29th October, to demand that women be allowed to participate in the Dorbar Shnong.
Eating tympew leaves reduces the amount of cholesterol in the body and protects your blood pressure.
This celebration was also in the form of a feast and it is said that after the harvest there was a feast and a feast.
Are not such chiefs, village chiefs new thlen? e) As civil society organizations – I don't know how many civil society organizations there are in our country.
It may be recalled that recently the Assam police have arrested a man and seized a kyrbei and from the confession of the arrested he said that the kyrbei was bought from Meghalaya.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Ardent invited the people of Ri-bhoi and the people across the country to join hands with the VPP for the sake of reshaping the state for the better. than it is now.
When will you improve??  Does he make shisha??.
About 1,800 people from various places, along with their spouses from all over the country were invited to join the ceremony at the Red Fort as special guests.
In the evening, he said, the man called him back and threatened to shoot.
Another surprising thing for the residents is that since the implementation of coke, there has been no new leaves on the plants. This is due to the smoke from the coke factories in Sookilo. The lack of new leaves has led to a shortage of food in the market such as cows and goats. sla sha lum sha wah.
It is understood that the electricity department does not want to cancel the hours of power outage, but the power outage will continue for a few hours even if the water in the power plants is more full.
Replying to whether they will lodge a complaint with the NGT, the Rangbah Shnong said that this will be decided after the meeting of the Dorbar Shnong.
Speaking on the goals and activities of the HSPDP, Bah KP Panniang said that if we look back to the years when Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh was still alive, he stood firm on the basis of protecting the rights of the indigenous people. you right to kibor who is outside.
The honorable minister (an honor that no one can even compare) who is in charge of the thngan ka kdang and jynit ka tyrsaw listens and hides while the civil society and the people are shouting for them. difficulties faced at such a time.
Leningstar Rymbai, President JSM, said that they had planned to stage a protest at the entrance gate to East Jaintia Hills District at Tuber Shohshrieh, but they were driven away and held the protest at the JSM office. .
Jaipur: A vehicle from Rajasthan has been fined Rs 1,41,700 for the first time.
On the same day, the MDC and James visited Mawlai Nonglum for the relocation of the NEHRU Dispensary near Nonglum Market (as this is the home of people who have been living there for only two years). , but for many reasons the government has not been able to move it yet.
On the same day, Bah PT Sawkmie also distributed tiew and tyrpal to four villages in Mawtawar.
Tura, July 20 : Meghalaya on Saturday released its State Anthem in Tura, which was completed after 52 years of independence.
Up to 53,000 people have completed the Teleconsultation which has helped patients living in the most remote areas of the state.
The NPP would be delighted if some UDP MLAs leave the party and become its members.
If it does not, there is no point in implementing such policies, and they should be removed or changed.
He said that some people don't want to vote until they get the money first and this turns out to be a waste of time.
After this red card, the tone of the game changed and Ri Bhoi, which still has 11 players, started to take control of the game and scored many goals. especially in the second half.
They dressed in beautiful clothes to wear.
After Ernakulam, the next largest city is Thiruvananthapuram, where there have been many similar incidents.
“As leaders and members of the EJNC, we should not want that reputation by insulting others but let the work done through the banner of the EJNC bring that reputation that will make a name for the country and the people. nation," said Sambormi.
The purpose of the Center is to improve the income of the farmers, where the Government assists the farmers how to preserve the soybeans and how to prevent them from rotting.
Customize:In the Khasi custom today, many men rule over the pla tyngka and not the woman.
In the past few months, the group has helped flood victims, landslide victims, drowning victims, vehicle accident victims and flood victims to search for them. people who have been submerged for days, weeks and months.
Rajiv Malhotra, Project Director NHAI, T. Kamki, Manager (Tech) NHAI, and others visited the road from Mihmyntdu Jowai to Malidhar.
These fruit trees were said to have been used as gifts on the birthday of the Roman emperor and other important celebrations in the first century BC.
Participants included from various stations of All India Radio including Argatala, Guwahati, Imphal, Itanagar, Kohima, Shillong and Aizwal.
One day, after dinner, I was surprised to see that Hugo climbed on top of the bodies of Henry and Harley and stole the food.
The deadline for submission of applications will be on 30.11.18, said B Diengdoh, Secretary, SSA. Shillong: Shillong Lajong will play against Indian Arrows today in the Hero I- League 2017/18 at Barabati Stadium in Cuttack at 5PM. The match will be broadcast live on Star Sports
What is surprising is that the police are trying to clean up the household affairs and relationships between the mother of the President of CoMSO who is also the Chairman of CoMSO and one of those arrested on this suspicion.
At the same time, the Raid chiefs said that they have no objection to those who have permission to dig there but what they want is to preserve and preserve the law sacred and said that they have the right. to take back the money that I had given to the king.
Shillong: The EC of KJDSTA held in Shillong today expressed its concern over the delay in the payment of salaries for the second quarter from July to April. Despite many requests, the government has promised to act quickly and pay the fees to the deficit teachers.
This tree cannot be made of aluminum or any other wood.
“Through this Act, the government authorities and banks have to recognize the land titles of KHADC,” he said.
Tomorrow, the match will be between NEHU Shillong vs KL Bajoria College and NEIAH Shillong vs Shillong College.
When they searched the village, they sent to check on the road the drivers of vehicles going to Mawsynram and the fellow drivers found that some of the ïit had been broken.
Those who work righteously do not fear God.
The new CEM was honored by other MDCs. It is worth mentioning that the leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, has won the opening day of the dorbar. The KHADC election was held on July 19 with its Executive Committee which collapsed after losing the no-confidence motion moved by the NPP MDC, Bah Bajop Pyngrope.
Pine Mount School and Lady Hydari Park should have been allocated land, as this does not affect the children's sports, given the size of the land.
A piat and a rynsun during sleep are helpful if the air lock is on.
A source from the GTB Hospital said that these are the bodies of the deceased.
KSU Namdong requests the relevant authorities to help in fulfilling this wish of the people of our area who are lagging behind in almost all aspects, said a statement from the General Secretary KSU Namdong. The unit is young.
On this occasion, they decided to work hard to win the election for their candidate, Bah PT Sawkmie, who will soon join the party.
The HYC , KHNAM , Rangbah Shnongs , as far as I can remember , have burnt down the tyngshop of the Chief Minister , Dr. Mukul Sangma There was also a ceremony by the Chairman of the District Council, Rowell Lyngdoh.
Police have not found the vehicle which collided with the vehicle at Nongshyrngan.
These are the measures taken by the government to prepare the colleges for the implementation of the policy.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Azad, who was accompanied by Minimon Laloo, Prof Streamlet, C. Gogoi from Assam and many members of the AIPC, said that the AIPC has achieved its goal. The purpose of the organization is to promote and encourage women who love in the field of poetry.
Until now, there has been a lot of controversy, because Giggs and his wife, not only have died, but also have a seven-month-old dog, Mac.
“Online education cannot replace classroom education because the network is poor especially in remote areas and many parents in the state cannot to provide our children with smart phones and computers,” said Ma Lakmen Rymbui.
Replying to the decisions that the KHADC will take if the government does not listen, Bah Titos said, “The Chief Executive Members themselves have decided to support any measures that the KHADC will take. to hold protests against the Government in their Hima or Districts if the Government agrees”.
“Here the UDP criticizes the NPP and the NPP criticizes the UDP but there the same policy is working,” he said.
Therefore, the Seng has requested the EE to turn its attention to the Maweit area.
“The appointment of NEHU Contractual Technical Officer/Senior Consultant Rohit Parsad is in accordance with the constitution of NEHU and for this reason I would like to clarify that this demand of the JAC is groundless,” he said. The VC of NEHU is Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla.
The BJP has prepared tens of thousands of its supporters and members to take part in the rally.
“The allegation by the JSU that the Executive Committee has stolen the money is merely a myth and misleading because the lessee when paying the money deposits the money in the Receipt Cell of the office and cannot you can't do anything.
NTPC now has electricity and diesel.
He said that at present he is still on strike alone, but he will see later because the strike does not depend on the number of paid, but on selfishness.
It was also explained at the meeting that T.38,400 crore has been released under the Smart Cities Mission till 1st June, 2023, of which T.35,261 crore has already been spent.
Replying to a question by Bah Paul Lyngdoh in the House, Mukul said the delay in issuing UCs is due to the fact that schemes like the NLCPR have not been implemented by the National Assembly. government departments but has been given to the school managing committee and other beneficiaries of the scheme.
The Pangam Raliang Border Development Committee, has also criticized the government for failing to proceed with the reconstruction of the bridge, showing that the state government has no responsibility for the welfare of the people. and it also shows that the leaders within the government are weak and fearful.
Speaking on the issue of jait acceptance, Bah Titos said that this is an old issue and there are those who speak against it.
The price of rice is T.2000-T.2,200 per quintal and the price of rice is T.25-T.30 per kilo.
We will remember you all in our prayers because in the end we need to turn and trust only in the living God we serve.
He said that in 1997, during the 25th Silver Jubilee of Meghalaya, he held a solo protest at the State Central Library. The elections are held because the state no longer has legislators or leaders who are no longer legislators, but has been focused on development, while the nation has been persecuted in many ways. , because you don't have a law to protect.
Shillong: The BSF of Hawaii have seized 50 cows from the border area of ​​Muktapur.
The Chief Minister also launched the Promises Delivered Report of the State Government 2028-2023 in the presence of NPP National Vice President Prestone Tynsong, National Treasurer James K Sangma, MPs. Agatha K. Sangma and Dr. WR Kharlukhi.
There are 77 children who have not yet reported to the District Sports Office or the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA). cases from East Khasi Hills District, 7 cases from West Garo Hills District and 2 cases from West Jaintia Hills District.
This brings in a lot of revenue to the state government and the central government as well.
This decision was taken on Friday at Nongstoin West Khasi Hills in the presence of Rangbah Kur from all over the district.
Now we are writing to you because we need your support.
On this occasion, prizes and cash prizes were also distributed to both the teams that reached the goal of victory and the teams that lost in the final.
Police have arrested Kresen.
He said that the Minister of PWD Roads has allocated about T.4 crore for the repair and renovation of roads for the festival. weekly event at the Heritage Village.
“As able-bodied people, we should not criticize or complain about the mistakes of people with disabilities in any matter, when we know that they are disabled, how can you complain?
"Every nation has its own Khanapateng and no Longdien.
The Umngi River has started to flood in parts of these two villages in July 2022 during the heavy rainfall which lasted for about 10 months. The floods have also destroyed the road and the BSF checkpoint in Dangar.
Speech was delivered by Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President HYC West Khasi Hills District, who congratulated the teachers for standing up despite the difficulties in these areas, but for standing firm because they love the nation. He said that in the Border areas we need to learn and become educated so that we can fight the problems with knowledge and also urged the students to study hard to succeed in life. The Hajar Mile has come to shed light on why we Para Khasi cannot help our fellow citizens in the border areas who are facing various difficulties to grow and develop like other villages in the state.
BJP MP from Tezpur constituency in Assam, Ram Prasad Sarmah, today resigned from the BJP, on allegations that the party has insulted the elderly.
It is also said that these stones are well placed, beautiful and stable.
At this meeting, the party appointed Bah Gavin Miguel Mylliem as the new President of the party after the resignation of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh as the Acting President of the party. of Mr. N.Syiem.
The Kyndongtuber Catholic Church invites all the faithful of the Diocese of Jowai to come and witness the closing day of the Centenary Celebration of the Church and to take part in the Possession Eucharist of the Parish St. . Claret Mooxiang.
Rani said that the road from Sohiong to Pariong which has cost T.7.50 crore has not been satisfied. “It is only after we complain in the newspapers that they will go and rebuild,” he said.
Pochettino, 51, will take over from interim coach Frank Lampard from 1 November.
Besides, Bah Ransom said that during his visit from one house to another he found that there are many families who need special assistance.
The government should clarify these issues and after that, the Harijan Panchayat Committee will consider without violating our rights,” Gurjit said.
“It is not the first time that we have met with the NC,” said Dr Mukul while talking to reporters after the opening of the dorbar.
Meghalaya is second in Group A while Nagaland is in the top position in Group B; Nagaland has qualified for the final against Manipur.
“We want to understand the working methods of the Council in a smooth and efficient manner,” said Bah Lanong.
The Headmaster said that Dimarkithmu's victory will be a good example and encouragement to other students who will sit for the examination to succeed in their studies to reach the next level.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05 : Former MLA Process T Sawkmie today said that the issue of Inner Line Permit (ILP) and the issue of inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. of India is all that has been taken care of by all because these are the issues of the nation.
On the 26th of this month, an IED bomb exploded again in Ladrymbai and fortunately no one was injured, the HNLC said.
“We are deeply saddened by the NPP's decision as we have expressed against the Congress party and we urge it to withdraw its candidate,” Marak said.
According to the Bible, God himself is on the side of those who are humble, weak, and oppressed.
Police have arrested Pynpynkhu Kharshandi and Rijied Kharbani from Nongstoin at 10.00am along with the commercial vehicle used in the robbery. Arful was arrested at the Nongrim Forest in Nongrim.
Expressing her concern over the loss of many lives due to the lack of blood supply during the urgent need, JSU Finance Secretary Samla H.Symblai said that the government should immediately provide blood. Blood Bank license otherwise the union will hold protests before the New Year.
He said that in the meeting with the Chief Minister, he promised to take action to implement the demands of the day labourers, but since July until now there have been no signs of implementing the demands of the day labourers. The union has reminded the Prime Minister of this demand.
The Deputy Chairman informed all the MDCs that the nomination for the post of Chairman will be held until 25th November before 12 noon.
Earlier, a welcome speech was delivered by Dr. D Pasweth Senior Scientist & Head, Kong T. Surong from Khanduli Village explained her experience in farming.
The Director General of Police, Kuladhar Saikia, called on all to be vigilant.
He said that the Fostering Climate Resilient Upland Farming System (FOCUS) has been implemented in six districts of the state under the Externally Aided Project (EAP) for the development and improvement of agriculture. blade.
PARKING 2: On the hill of Joblymon Dkhar (before the Fire Brigade).
The issues proposed by the Seng were written in books released by the leaders and office bearers of the Seng at the meeting of the General Executive Council (GEC) held at Shillong Polytechnic, Shillong. Mawlai on Saturday.
As President, I will meet the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma to demand that foreign companies should no longer be employed as they have no responsibility even if any tragic incident happens.
But Jesus answered, “Let him alone.
One of the journalists was also tied up by the members of the FKJGP. As soon as the FKJGP march started, almost all the foreign shops were closed.
We will move forward with these promises and we will work hard to achieve them before
However, the demand for the implementation of the ILP has not died.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, said that the government has accepted the new implementation of MeECL and will provide financial support to the MeECL. The MPDCL has encouraged the public to use prepaid meters.
Therefore, he appealed to the youths who have been selected to participate to cooperate with the organizers so that what they intend will bring the fruits of victory not only for themselves, but for the village and the district as a whole.
She said that the land at a cost of T.22.83 crore has been awarded to Bah Rishan Rapsang.
Meghalaya Governor Banwarilal Purohit has been appointed as the full Governor of Tamil Nadu in place of C Vidyasagar, Acting Governor of Maharashtra.
Kharbani said that the party had earlier applied to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills for permission to hold a public meeting in front of the Main Secretariat; However, he said that the district authorities have not given permission and the union has made it clear that they will turn to the Main Secretariat and if anything bad happens or if there is any incident, the district authorities should take action. the responsibility.
The statement said the HNLC does not need cooperation with the Indian government, but will continue to fight for secession from India and for its own country.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The Legal Meteorology Department of the State has found it difficult to use the Testing Kit truck due to its overweight and difficulty.
“Such incidents can affect the victim whether she is a woman or a religious person.
He said that the people should allow the railway to run only if there are strict laws.
The KSU also urges all the Khasi brothers and sisters to be ready because this is a plot to implement their plans, which they have had since ancient times, said the statement. Donald V.Thabah, General Secretary, Khasi Students’ Union, Central Executive Council.
In this regard, these villages together with these organizations also held a protest rally at Mawlangria, Mawiawtep Rambrai on Monday.
When you ask your father, you can also understand from his appearance.
Shillong, July 19: Police have seized a fine of T.6900 from 19 sumos which were allowed to carry passengers on the roof of their vehicles.
On the other hand, Himanta Biswa Sarma, Finance Minister of Assam, said that if the Act is not implemented, the era of Jinnah's rule will come. years from now, Hindus will become a minority.
“The Central Government and the REC have decided to release the fund in two phases, Rs 672 crore in the first phase and Rs 672 crore in the second phase. 672 crore and out of this Rs 336.43 crore has been released to various companies and out of Rs 1345 crore Rs 336 crore has been paid and about 75% remains,” he said.
After the suspension of the illegal quarrying, the union warns other illegal quarrying sites not to continue and if the union finds anything, it will hand over to the law enforcement authorities.
Finally he called them all together and ordered them to bring a stick.
Leaders who represented the Pnars included Khanduli Waheh Yooshida Nongspung, Barato-Mukroh MDC Aiborlang Shadap, Lapangap Waheh Shnong Deibormi Langdoh, local leader of the area. such as Bah Pyrkhat Pyrphet and 6 others.
“The Party has taken the right decision to nominate candidates from both the Parliamentary Constituencies of Tura and Shillong in the Lok Sabha Election which will be held on 19th June “It's the future of the party in the state,” said Ma Pala.
China's Foreign Ministry on Tuesday announced that Chinese authorities have lifted the ban on testing for Covid-1 large numbers of tourists arriving in China from other countries.
Earlier, the Meghalaya State Housing Board Employees Union (MSHBEN) has sought the intervention of the Chairman of the Public Accounts Committee (PAC), Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh. government to release the remaining 15 months salary.
It is also known that if the mother has too little blood, the child she gives birth to will not be healthy.
Speaking on the occasion, Wailadmiki urged the participants to dedicate themselves body and soul to the game.
Do you think the Assam government will allow them to return to Meghalaya after they have already signed that they belong to Assam? Is there any intention to convene another committee to consider when the matter is not dead? Is it right to waste time, energy, and money to replace the work that has already been done? All these are the rights of the citizens as well as various civil society organizations who have concern for the country and the nation especially the border that has been inherited by their ancestors. our.
Nongpoh, June 27: It has been an encouragement, encouragement and honor for the Ri Bhoi District, in which the youth teams from Ri Bhoi District have won the title. He won the State Level Karate Championship held in Shillong.
In 2000, I could not refuse to take the decision to remove the Sirdar of the Hima Jyrngam, after it was found through inquiry that he had a hand in giving some of the land of the Hima to Assam.
“Sangma said steps have been taken to ensure that women also participate in income generation activities in the state.
The HYC has demanded that the Meghalaya government should appoint an Independent Commission (IC) to investigate into the shortage of funds and the misuse of funds. government.
Nongstoiñ, March 25: The District Election Officer of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes today launched a video song to raise awareness on the Special Summary Revision. The meeting was held at Trysem Hall DC's Office, Nongstoin.
Earlier, the body of Bah Seiborlang Jaktung, 42, was recovered on Saturday night.
What if we start ILP for rice, chana and dai, without forgetting flour, sugar and edible oils, which are the commodities of us? ? What if we implement the ILP even for medicines, without forgetting the kerosene, petrol, diesel and LPG, which belong to him? But what if we boycott or stop completely our use of these goods that belong to him? What if we immediately stop using Piat?
He paid the price; we are saved from condemnation when we receive the gift of love.
Prestone said he has already directed the district police chiefs to investigate the incident and police are awaiting a complaint from the public or the BSF. A meeting with the IG of BSF will be held soon to ensure that there should be cooperation between the police and the BSF when conducting any raids. .
The bridge will now benefit the farmers from three villages namely Mawkyrdang, Riangmang and Mawsmai where they will be able to transport their produce without having to cross the river.
Mizoram continued to play 160/6 in the second innings and increased their lead by 194 runs by losing all wickets.
The North East and many in India are fighting with us the children of Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Skum.
However, the danger that awaits children if they do not know how to obey their parents is that 'the most stupid children are the worst enemies of man.
Shillong: The Cabinet of Ministers of the Union Government, chaired by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has approved the proposal to revise the licensing requirements for the provision of Direct- To- Home in India.
When asked whether the scheme can be obtained through the MLAs, the Minister said that the scheme has been provided through the Deputy Commissioners and the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs. .
On the other hand, the KSU leaders have decided to talk to the Education Department of the State Government regarding the demand to increase the number of seats in the College as at present there are only 32 pieces.
The AAPSU has also given the BRO time to apologize to the people of Arunachal Pradesh within 40 days for its insult to the people of Arunachal Pradesh.
Tbn PS Rynjah gave a short speech and Tbn NS Nongrem gave a blessing.
On the Congress-led MUA-II government, Madhav said the party would be ready to file a case against the corruption of the Congress government.
Once again, the KSU appeals to the Meitei brothers and sisters to ensure that the Khasi in Manipur should live in peace and harmony, so that the relationship between the The Khasi and the Meitei will wear strong shirts.
If you are a Dkhar from UP, you cannot appear in the Shillong Times by raising your voice.
Shillong, July 19: 'This is the house of demons' is an inscription written in English on the statue of Jesus in front of St Jerome School. Sacred Heart Parish Visitor.
Scratch : A scratch is a scratch that is scratched with a scratch.
There is no country that can survive alone.
Rephica works in the Excise Department, but in the middle of her work, she struggles to find time to exercise every day for her running.
“We hope that in 2023 the people of the state will win more MLAs because as of now they want the National Party to rule the state and we hope that in the vote they will show that,” he said. added.
“Therefore, such demands are unfair and burden the State financially as they will incur unnecessary expenses,” said Bah Passah.
Speaking at the rally at Phulbari, DR Mukul Sangma expressed his confidence that the TMC will be able to form a government at this juncture as the people of the state understand that only the TMC can bring about change. he said.
Then, a few days before the 50th anniversary of Meghalaya (Lyoh), God once again examined the country and the Christian Churches, and found them to be like the Church of Laodicea (Revelation 3: 15) “I tell thee, Thou art neither cold nor hot: I would thou wert cold or hot. I don't want you to be cold or hot.
Rupang, who spoke to several UDP leaders, said that the party is in a leadership crisis now because there are no leaders like before who are strong and loved by the people.
“They also discussed how to find ways to protect the indigenous people in Tamil Nadu and Meghalaya, to improve their education and income,” said the statement. The two organizations have decided to work together from now on on issues affecting the welfare and livelihood of the people of North East and South India.
The Army has also received information that members of the Zomi Revolution Army (ZRA) from Churachandpur district have been involved in the illegal collection of taxes from vehicles. I went to Churachandpur.
After leaving Ma Rymbui's room, HANM War Jaintia President Shaniahlang Suchen told reporters that the BSF has given them seven days to stop their attacks. If they don't do anything, then the village will come out together to attack the BSF troops. Furthermore, Bah Suchen said that the BSF attack is not only once, but many times. Many days later, the BSF used to intimidate the residents and the worst thing is that the BSF used to rob women and children when they went to the rivers and this is the worst thing, once in a while they attack or rape them. women.
Nongstoin, Nailur 1: Phrangsngi Mawlieh, 26, from Missei, Missei, Nailur 1: A memorable trophy was awarded to the Shillong Press Club and SRS. Porthyrnang, Mawshynrut Block, has been missing since 24th July and has not returned home yet.
Mukhla Raij scored the two goals in the second half through Deibormi Shylla in the 62nd and 72nd minutes.
The President's Police Medal for Gallantry, the Police Medal for Meritorious Service and the Fire Service Medal for Meritorious Service were also announced on the occasion.
The victim was taken to Tura Civil Hospital for treatment.
According to Director General of Prisons Kulbir Krishan, Champion R Sangma sustained head injuries and was admitted to hospital.
Shillong: U Bing Dkhar of Jalaphet Bri-Sutnga (EJH) has alleged that Mun Dkhar, who is in charge of his coal mining business, has misused T.3 crore from 2006-2 .
She became the first woman to become a Christian, being baptized on 16 May
Regarding education, 30% of all school chapters will have to comply with these guidelines, which the Ministry of Education has issued in recent days and if the reopening guidelines “The schools will have to complete only the subjects directed by the government,” he said.
Asking for votes for Agatha, the NPP leader appealed, “Today the daughter of PA Sangma stands before you to ask for your support, we cannot forget her. Late P A Sanctuary.
If they don't believe, no one can convince them, it's up to them.
Both the teams tried to play strongly from the start and had several good chances, but could not score.
He said that the schemes of the Central Government such as the Integrated Development of Wildlife Habitats and the Compensatory Afforestation Fund (CAMPA) of the Government have brought economic development to the villages by opening They are not allowed to earn a living by other activities.
Today, there will be a match for the final group stage and this will decide the winning team.
This is the reason why the recommendations of the UK&JHADC Commission dated 15th February 1957 have not been implemented.
Only this one examination will open the way for students to enter classes at any Central University in the country.
The public is also advised to watch the moonlight from their homes from 5:35 pm to 6:12 pm for 1 hour 16 minutes.
Dr Du Na, a specialist at The Fourth People's Hospital in Chengdu, said Xiaoyu continued to call hundreds of times a day and send text messages constantly. As soon as she received the answer, she started to make trouble in the house, by throwing away the dishes, the pela sha and the tar and started to injure herself, if it happened that her boyfriend, you are in a place where your phone is unreachable.
She also hoped that the availability of this vehicle will help the low income families to use it to transport their deceased loved ones to their villages.
This is the first session of the Budget Session of the 11th Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
GS Road Dispur Guwahati-5.
:The new Khasi song, “Map seh ñanga”, is composed and recorded by Sharpstarwell Syiem.
“On the part of the Minister of Home Affairs, he has expressed his satisfaction with this opportunity and expressed his hope that we will be able to resolve this issue soon,” he said.
US President Joe Biden has announced today that those who have been vaccinated twice, no longer need to wear a mask and therefore, the first step to remove the mask is to remove the mask. Your wife, Jill Biden.
Services coach MG Ramachandran said after the team's tournament in Riyadh, “All the players of the team are delighted to take part in this tournament.
He said that although the government has tried to take action, so far there are about four coal mining companies which will not receive permission to mine coal according to the permitted mining method.
Shillong, Jymmang 07 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday congratulated the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah for donating her own land to help alleviate the congestion in Shillong.
The tournament included sparring and demonstration of form for teams and individuals in their respective categories.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The FKJGP Mawlai Circle on Tuesday opened the IXth Inter School Knock-Out Football Tournament. Heh Mini Stadium, Mawlai Phudmuri will be played at 3 pm.
“Everyone has accused the government of doing this, doing that is very good and therefore the government welcomes this decision of the Court.
However, it is surprising to know whether these new openings which have good intentions will reach the people or not. remain only a name without an employee.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Sanshnong Unit has urged the MeECL department to immediately replace the electricity post bording. This is the village of Cham Cham.
Let's start with the teachers first.
Jobs are available for those who want to earn extra income.
However, as soon as the meeting started, the members of the Executive Dorbar Hima and the Lyngdoh Sohiong requested that only 10 to 15 people from the complainant groups should be present in the Dorbar. Officer of KHADC, Bah C.Marweiñ who was appointed to oversee the meeting.
Nongstoiñ, June 1: The residents of Malangkona area, have urged the State Government to turn its attention to the area by bringing in a proper PHC. Malangkona is one of the border villages in Mawshynut C&RD Block.
The Special Court of Magistrate R Rymbai has fixed 7th July 2014 as the date for the filing of reply by the Sengbhalang leaders.
Members of various insurgent groups have lost their lives in clashes with police in Garo Hills and police have also lost their lives in clashes with insurgents in the area.
We have already mentioned earlier that India has lost tens of thousands of crores of rupees due to the curfew and this loss has affected the poor of East Jaintia Hills and thus they need to be able to sell their own goods and the coal is in the front and in the ground floor.
Not only that, in a book, written by the daughter of the former prime minister, Daman Singh, she has discussed the heavy burden that her father carries as prime minister and In her letter, she did not mention that she praised Sonia Gandhi for her father's 40 years of service as Prime Minister, but she honored Narasimha Rao. Manmohan Singh, who elected Manmohan Singh as Finance Minister in his government, also shows that Manmohan Singh has been in the shadow of Sonia Gandhi for 40 years.
Pastor Shangdiar urged the believers to abstain from marriage between men and women and to convert themselves from man to woman or from woman to man even though this age has recognized this marriage and has made it law because it is against the word of God.
Also present were Dr Manas Ranjan Bhunia, TMC President Charles Pyngrope, Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition, Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh and others. .
The JNU strongly requests the High Court to forgive them because they don't know what they are doing, don't judge their shortcomings for the sake of the people and please find ways and means to reopen them once again, the statement said.
West Jaintia Hills, according to the report of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, has 577 confirmed cases and 82 deaths. now 2 people.
Nongpoh: The residents of Umsen village, a border village in Ri Bhoi district and under Jirang C&RD Block, have been shocked after other ethnic groups (Nepalis), who live in the village, They planned to take over the village administration in the village, which is also a village where the Nepalis have more households than the Khasi.
At present, the college has only an Arts department and 265 students.
He said that it is difficult for a leader to fulfill all the requirements within 5 years but the people who elect him should be wise to allow any leader to continue his service peacefully and to monitor the work. .
However, many people criticize me when they see me making videos because I don't learn but even so I walk my own path until I get what I want from the bottom of my heart.
Jowai, Jymmang 24: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya, IAS, today said that as part of the compliance with the rules and regulations of the Election Commission of India (ECI) 72 hours until polling day, he ordered to strictly control the movement of vehicles from one state to another, from one district to another and also at the international border.
Therefore, just as it is impossible for Hynniewtrep to survive without the A'chikba, it is impossible for the A'chik to survive without Hynniewtrep.
“There were 68,076 applicants before the online application but after the online application there were only 54,899, which means that there are about 9,000 applicants who have not yet received the application,” he said. said Mr. Lahkmen.
The President of the VPP strongly criticized the MDA government for not going anywhere, but many of the aspirations of the people have not been fulfilled.
He was treated for refractory septic shock, massive intra-cerebral hemorrhage, Covid-19 pneumonia, acute kidney injury and hypertension.
Initially, when the Chairperson, Teilinia Thangkhiew, sent an explanation on these Bills to the EM Incharge of the Elaka and Hima, Bah PK Pangniang, starting from Jyrngem Sirdarship, the opposition stood up to explain these Bills. However, the Speaker did not allow them to speak because she said that they had not put forward an amendment to speak in the House for the Bill.
During the raid, it was learned that the KLO members were the first to open fire and this prompted the security forces to open fire on each other until two KLO members were killed.
The Southern Riwar Circle through its President Bah Tarson Lymba together with its General Secretary Bah Laius Lamin sent this message of congratulations to the President of the Southern Riwar Circle. He has been appointed as the ksiang of both sides to bring peace and stability in the Bri U Hynniew Trep Hynniew Skum.
Police have arrested Lalpiengrouli, 53, of Madanrting-Block-D, Shillong and recovered 97.91 grams of blue powder from them. heroin with a value of T.1,76,0
He said that the 10-day period has started since yesterday and if the government does not show any signs, they will do so.
WEP has the participation of more than 50,000 women entrepreneurs in this field and more than 50 partners in this field.
He said that in Rambrai, the candidate will be Bah Kimfa Marbaniang, a suspended Congress MLA.
Blankets, cake and other items were distributed to 17 poor families inside the hall of the Sadar Police Station.
When asked why Assam has not yet appointed Regional Committees, he said, “I have been informed that they will issue only a notice because the Chief Minister of Assam, Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma have already met again recently and discussed this issue and agreed that they will soon visit the border.
Perhaps, it will take time for us to reach that conclusion, which a small state like Goa has passed this Act 50 years ago.
“I have directed the PWD to prepare the budget,” he said, adding that the department has proposed to improve the By-Pass road as the road from Mawroh is almost completed.
Rangbah Shnongs and VABThe day of the Rangbah Shnongs of the state against the loss of their powers, they were shocked when they were holding a Dorbar at Polo Ground on the 30th of July. Thousands of people who came to take part in the meeting received the good news that the KHADC has passed the VAB. The VAB has not yet become a law and the Governor of the State has not signed it.
The market is also very busy as the income of the farmers has declined due to the deterioration of agriculture.
The Chief Justice also praised the government for the measures it has taken. “We announce the work of the government when we demand jobs and most of the time we witness that the “If you demand a job, we praise and when you demand to criticize, we criticize and please convey this message to the government that we announce the government's decision,” said the Chief Justice. .
Referring to the NEDA , Shibun said that the goal of the NEDA is to overthrow the Congress party in the North East Assam on 24th July 2013 has decided that there is a need for a group to announce publicly and speak in the House on the schemes of the central government. In the North East, in Mizoram, it has been decided to set up a group.
It was also suggested to include the word ‘Gift’ or ‘to donate’ in the Act.
The building of the school was constructed with the financial assistance of the Asian Development Bank (ADB) and supported by the Human Capital Development Meghalaya. which is perfect, for the needs of the students, that is according to the present age.
The number of farmers at that time was very stable.
The suspects are now in police custody for three days of questioning.
The 108 Emergency Service Ambulance from Rari, Resubelpara, Tura and Dadenggre has taken 24 injured to Civil Hospital, Tura.
RJYF President Rymbai said the party will not refuse to hold protests if the government does not respond to their demands.
The incident started on 15.4.2023 when the residents of Khanduli village protested and forcibly occupied the Entry Tax Gate which was illegally opened by the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council in Khanduli village.
Shillong, June 26: The Congress General Secretary in charge of Meghalaya on Tuesday said that the BJP government led by Narendra Modi does not believe in the North East and is clearly intent on destroying the country. special status to this region.
Mowkaiaw MDC Winning Garland Sungoh said that for the safety of the residents of Assam and Meghalaya, the Meghalaya government should upgrade Laskein C&RD Block to a Civil Sub. Division.
Don't blame them or God if I'm killed.
In a letter sent to the engineer, the KSU said, “The lack of water supply in these two villages has affected the people especially during the rainy season.
Shillong: Langsning Football Club beat Malki Sports Club 4-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
The prophecies of the word were fulfilled.
The citizens of the State shall celebrate that vision and vision which was born by our ancestors long before India became independent.
However, for those who return and serve in the state, there is no problem.
Referring to the schemes through the National Health Mission, Dr Bharati said that the funds allocated to Meghalaya this year are estimated at T.600 crore of which 10% will be allocated by the State.
TUR believes that unless we can bring about a transparent, accountable and participatory system of public governance by all the citizens in the villages, townships, himas and in the State, Meghalaya will be destroyed. poverty, hunger, unemployment and disease will continue to affect life in the State.
“There are many reasons, related to the law, and the government has not yet handed over the land to the MTDC to own it,” said Bah Nongrum.
The Court said it expects this package to be expedited.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on 32nd June, 2022, met with Dharmendra Pradhan in Delhi and requested to exempt the students of the State from the CUET examination including private and government colleges. “This letter of the Union Minister came during a meeting of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance Coordination Committee (MDACC), which is discussing the issue raised by its colleagues in the government,” he said. to Conrad.
From 10th to 13th November, UCO Bank has noticed that due to the IMPS failure, some people who have accounts in other banks have sent money to people who have Account with UCO Bank, but no money was received from those banks used by the people to send the money.
Shillong, Lber 24 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Lamphang has convened the Budget Session this afternoon in accordance with the rules of procedure.
The film is written and produced by Ïai K.Nongrum and produced by the studio of director Kit Rina Nongrum.
According to sources, Konyak is the action chairman of TASU. Regarding this incident, TASU has ordered all shopkeepers in Tizit area to close down. on the 25th and 26th of this month, as a sign of remembrance for the martyred leader of the party.
Mawkriah West SC have qualified for the semi final of the SSA 4th Division Football League 2023 by beating Mawkasiang SC in the third quarter final.
This will help us only about 4–5% if this resistance is only to prevent the insect from entering here.
The party leaders have already planned or made various formulas to form a government.
So far, a total of 11 NLCN leaders and members have been arrested.
The Tura MDC also urged the Development Committees to immediately lodge a complaint with the MDC of the area if there is any illegal activities and also to cooperate for the smooth running of the work.
The two teams who played on that day were Iengskhem against Jag's Ballers. The match was very interesting and spectacular. Jag's Ballers won by 51 points while Iengskhem lost by 48 points.
When asked about the allegation by TMC leader Dr Mukul Sangma that the police are like weapons of the ruling party, and that the DGP and SP of West Garo Hills pose a threat. On the other hand, Conrad said that the allegation is unfounded as the police have fulfilled their duty to protect and have provided protection to him and all those present on that day. the day of the violence against the robbers.
The angels of God said, “Flee, don't turn back, don't stay in the valley, go to Mount Zoar.
King Wickliffe had four children by three mothers and many grandchildren.
Besides, the Meghalaya government has also implemented technology to improve the health system in the state.
The selection process will be held on the 28th November at the JN Stadium Basketball Court at 6.30 am.
Besides, he said that if they cannot be placed in one place, they can be placed everywhere.
Shillong: There have been 365 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 506 recoveries and 5 deaths.
The trophy was presented by Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie as the chief guest and the winner was presented by Headmaster B Lyngdoh in the presence of Mawlai Presbyterian HSS. Members of the Managing Committee, Principal of Chirst Church HSS IG Nengnong, teachers and students.
Jerusalem was destroyed, and they were carried away captive.
On the other hand, they urged the Minister to take action as soon as possible as the party cannot wait long.
On the other hand, the Seng urges the people to come out and listen to the explanation of the Party leaders on this issue.
The meeting was attended by Dr. Nalin Mehta, Director of NEIGRIHMS, Principal Secretary, Health Department Sampath Kumar and religious leaders of the Shillong All Faiths Forum.
Mairang, Lber, 27: A family from Riangmang village, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, has become ill after eating pork bought from a meat vendor in the village. The Riangmang Village Council has decided to expel the meat vendor after the Dorbar has convicted him as a criminal.
Mohan said the opening of more petrol pumps will create jobs in the state where one petrol pump will employ seven people and this has helped in employment.
“My confidence to win is because in these seven years, I have been with the people to share their problems,” said Bah Mahendro.
At present, the per capita income of Meghalaya is only about 95,000/- (fifty-five thousand) tyngka.
Not only that, it is time to ensure that the classrooms should be occupied by living people and not places to throw cows, pigs and these are the most important rules. eh and in addition to these there should be a clean and adequate outdoor area and a canteen, affordable and delicious food and that they should not be bloody sources for children. school.
He added that during the wreath laying ceremony, they also held a special prayer for the soul of I to have eternal rest and at the same time they asked for blessings. I hope that he will advocate for Mawhati so that in this preparation for the election it will be successful and also Mawhati will be able to produce many leaders who have responsibility for the community and the region as led. “It is a leader whom the world knows about the many contributions of Fr. Sylvanus Sngi not only in the Catholic Church but in the state as a whole,” he added.
Last month, about 700 Muslims in Shillong took to the streets with placards to march from Mawbah to the IGP and back to Mawbah.
On her 21st birthday, on the 22nd of this month, there were many greetings, but one of them sent a different proposal from the one whose name is Suhaib. Suhana asked her mother, Gauri Khan, to marry her and told her that she earns Rs 100,000 a month.
On the other hand, Bah Donbok said that Meghalaya has always been known as a Christian state and we don't want it to become a hotbed of unemployment.
“This shows the government's lack of understanding regarding the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) or social agreement signed between the two states.
Roshan said that the scheme will be implemented next year as the tender has been submitted and all that remains is to get the approval from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. sit down today.
INJURY PROTECTS THE BLOOD:— When you are angry or upset, your body shows signs of stress caused by your hormones which can increase the inflammation of the internal organs and this also weakens the muscles. makes the body more susceptible to heart attack.
Students of Narayanganj Madaninagar Madrasa have blocked the Dhaka-Chittagong highway by burning tires, disrupting traffic on the Chittagong-Sylhet highway.
“If the state government continues to lie like this, it will be difficult for other parties to come forward to talk,” he said.
The campaign was conducted in collaboration with the Village Water and Sanitation Committee of Mairang. In collaboration with other government officers, Rangbah Shnong and residents of Pyndengumiong Village, they joined hands to clean up the public places of Pyndengumiong Village.
As part of the activities to promote traditional arts across the country, Smt Sandhya Purecha, Chairman Sangeet Natak Akademi, visited the traditional groups from the villages to see the activities to promote their traditional arts.
He worked as a DIG Recruitment in Bengaluru.
And the old age is the time to build your family and your wife with your children as a family that is an example to other neighbours.
During the inspection, the group found that the Residential School still needs to be improved from various buildings and at the same time the members also allowed the Waheh Shnong of the school to Sabahmuswang and the land owners to express their concerns regarding the school so that the Residential School can be run.
The Invitation Knock Out Football Tournament 2022-23 will start on the 31st of March this year at the Stadium. New Nongstoiñ.
He said that the decision to elect a new President is not because the leaders want to please anyone.
Shillong: U MLA of Mowkaiaw Constituency, Bah Nujorki Sungoh, today met with the MDCs and Rangbah Shnongs of Laskein Constituency to meet with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to demand the upgradation of Laskein Block to Laskein Block. the Civil Sub-division.
At 10 pm, Rev. Father Ferdinand Dkhar, Diocesan Administrator of Jowai Diocese, together with Fathers from the Parishes of the Diocese, celebrated the Eucharistic Mass. The believers took part in this meal and broke the bread which is the body and year of the Lord Jesus Christ.
The people are expecting and hoping that by their entry into state politics, they will be able to bring about positive changes and benefits in many areas (all round). development).
Surprisingly, there is no mention of the name of Indong Ch Sangma, the owner of the land in these documents.
Speaking at the meeting were Chief Secretary PBO Warjri, new DGP Rajiv Mehta, DG NECTAR Sanjeev Nayar who spoke on the operation of the CCTV, and SP East Khasi Hills. Hills, who spoke about what the police have done after the release of the CCTV, and at the same time was also the moderator of the meeting.
One day another flood came and the valley became like a sea.
For the year 2022-2023, Shillong Govt.
Jowai, Nailar 02: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) has expressed its deep sorrow over the increasing transfer of officers by the MDA government in various government departments in Jaintia Hills.
He said that the upcoming elections 2018 will be like a wave of the sea and there will be a big change in which the UDP will come back to power.
“It was after 2018 that we saw that the PWD department through the follow-up of the incumbent MLA, has allocated funds again and now we are witnessing that the roads across our area have changed.
Even in the rural areas, many schools don't know about the benefits that the government has provided to the students who are still studying in the Lower Primary School class.
However, it has lost in Mizoram and Telangana while in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh it has not won much.
Basar is about 578m above sea level and the runners will have to climb up to 1500m above sea level during their 30km journey.
At the end of his presentation, he explained a bit about the tools inside the kit and their use.
A few months ago, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, while answering a question whether the Government is still able to build a flyover in Shillong despite the lack of land and severe traffic jam, said that the construction of the flyover has been completed. There is still a road in Shillong and it will start first from Umshyrpi.
Since the Academic Council has decided to implement the Ordinance, Regulations and Syllabi, the Executive Council will have to implement them without any delay.
Ma Lber Laloo has appealed to the Supreme Court demanding the release of coal mining in the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The Jal Diwali Campaign under the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs (MoHFW) today launched in Meghalaya with a celebration at Urkhla Water Treatment Plant, Meghalaya. Jowai.
Thangkhiew explained the importance of two issues of India implemented through the State Government and those are Aadhar and Census.
According to the notices, which the SP News Agency has seen from some of the wealthy Khasi, the Income Tax Department has taken into account only those who have deposited more than 50 lakh tyngka in the country. your bank account.
He said he has already requested them to stop the protests and if the government does not do anything at the Cabinet meeting they may start protesting again.
In 2017, I met a shopkeeper in Seiñduli market.
Then if he believes he will have eternal life, which means that the second death in hell will not overtake him but he will be a partaker of that Kingdom of Jesus Christ and will reign with Christ for 1000 years.
In this regard, Sunn urged the Chief Minister to refrain from being biased in the implementation of the scheme, and to implement it for the benefit of the people.
This is a problem, because when you have money and when you are deceived by your husbands, you gradually start to steal from your mother's pocket. u kpa, or gradually, when it becomes more difficult to get from home, begins to steal valuables from people.
Although I couldn't believe it, I convinced myself that it was because there were about three or four messages written in the group to confirm that Ñi Lam had passed away.
Syiem Tirot Singh died in prison at Dhakha on the 17th of November, 1835 after being arrested by the British troops for rebellion against the Government to overthrow the Nongkhlaw Hima.
“If they want economic development in India, they must remain Hindus.
RG Lyngdoh said that the members of the HNLC have not taken responsibility and for that reason he said that in the past, when talking to the HNLC, they talked to each other individually. riewshime.
“It has been a year since we held the meeting this month and the government is still completing the EOI. I request the Prime Minister to find ways and means to resolve the issues of the workers while the preparation of the EOI is in progress,” he said.
Jowai, July 15: The Inter School Subroto Cup Football Tournament-2022 was held today at Kiang Ground, Jowai. Stadium Stadium, Jowai.
All 36 candidates of the party from Khasi Hills will be present tomorrow at the launch of their election manifestoes at Pinewood Hotel Shillong. bad law bam swear.
In order to further enforce the rules and regulations in their respective areas, it is expected that the public, the lyndan, the households and the simpah simsong will take part in any way such as joining hands. In this purpose to translate into the mother tongue, the Khasi language by including the village languages ​​from different regions across the districts of Rilum Khasi and Jaintia with the intention of making the central language The Sohra language will be the native language and the sources of the language may continue to contribute more from the village languages ​​from the south of Bri Hynniewtrep in finding that they are more interesting, more meaningful and more stable in the language. how to speak, write and read words.
After her defeat, Manika will now prepare to team up with Archana Kamath to face Japanese Hina Hayata & Mima Ito in the pre-quarterfinals of the tournament. that there were two women.
Shillong, November 04: As part of the efforts to open up opportunities for farmers to sell their produce, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today announced that the Government will increase the number of Regulated Markets and Farmers Markets across the country. the State.
“One of the supporters of Bah Shanbor stood up and said, “To Rangbah Shnong, I want you to answer on that as Bah and the family want.
Because it is true, these 48 hours before the polling is the time when the politicians are ready to distribute money to the people to buy votes, especially if they feel that they don't need it anymore through their campaigns.
“We want to know who they are and how many can benefit from the CAB.
What is surprising is that although this Dkhar has come to collect money without being able to produce any documents that the District Administration or Village Authority has given permission to him to collect money from the people, but he has not been able to produce any documents. Dozens of people from this area have donated Rs 500,200 and
Speaking on the increase in air connectivity, the Minister said that the airport in Holongi, Arunachal Pradesh will be completed before April,
Before announcing the opening of the centenary celebration of the club, Tbn Laitphlang said that the CAC has a great story in it.
Most of the bridges were completely washed away and many roads were damaged.
“Although many buildings have been expanded, the staff of the department has been increased, but we cannot say that the situation will be resolved tomorrow, but the situation we have seen is that only “I urge the people to come forward to get vaccinated,” said the Prime Minister.
The tournament was attended by the country's leading boxers including South Asian Games gold medalist Sachin from Services who fought against Vishal Kumar from Punjab. in the 54-57kg featherweight category and won by the most points.
No explosives were found, and police said that as examination showed that the bomb had been placed in the beverage containers.
" said Rida. After they had spoken all these things, they left when the sun was about to set.
He said that it was the Syiem of Sohra who hid it by covering it with a thlong. and Synshar" or the Divide and Rule Policy.
Regarding such incidents of violence against women and children, he urged the law enforcement agencies that if they can arrest those involved in such incidents, they should not but they must be punished so that others will be afraid to do it.
This will be the first public address by Priyanka Gandhi Vadra in Telangana.
Shillong: The Thma U Rangli-Juki (TUR) today demanded from the state government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma regarding the expenditure of Rs 399 crore for the fight against corruption. COVID-19 cases in the state.
In a statement by the RSS leaders in which they said that they need our land and not us, the Governor of Meghalaya also said recently that “if we don't accept the CAA we will I don't want to go to North Korea.
The Organizing Secretary of the party, Bah K Nongbri, said that the presence of those who have declared the flag of the party shows that there is something behind it.
“The UGC has replied to the Principal Secretary of the Ministry of Education that they have allowed the examination to be held from 7th to 16th April,” said Bah Rymbui. NEHU will release the routines on this basis.
This comes after the state government has implemented the MRSS Act, 2016 in seven villages in Shillong.
The Rangmaw Sub Center has been renovated at a cost of T.54 lakh while the Lyngkien Sub Center has been renovated at a cost of T.25 lakh.
Rev. S. Wollington Thabah of Pariong in his book 'The History of the Mission and Culture of Lyngngam' p.32, says that Ri Lyngngam included from the Sawsymper Pamsanngut area. you are like Ri Lyngngam.
The collision occurred in parts of Bologna and Rimini, mostly between Faenza and Forli.
Not to mention the youth who have completed only their degrees, tens of thousands of them are still unemployed and the government has not been able to provide them with jobs.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that from the 5th of this month, the state will have to follow the The state government has issued a number of guidelines to prevent the Omicron virus from entering the state.
In addition, the four teams that have reached the semi final of the SSA 4th DIVISION Football League this year, including the two finalists and the two semi finalists, Lamlynti FC and Mawkriah West SC have been promoted to the 3rd Division for next season.
Therefore, these SOPs may eventually be applied to the mining of Mawshun and other Major Minerals.
Whether they come from a poor or rich home doesn’t matter.
The Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC), which is leading the movement for Garo Hills, wants Kamrup and Goalpara districts in Assam to be included in Garoland.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest said that as a Chief Minister, he wants to encourage participation not only in large schools with thousands of students.
He said the Building Bye Law will apply throughout Meghalaya, but the implementing authority is divided between MUDA and District Councils.
Khliehriat, July 5 : Speaking at the election campaign, the VPP candidate for the 6th Khliehriat Constituency, Bah Damewanhi Rymbai, said that the VPP candidate for the 6th Khliehriat Constituency, Bah Damewanhi Rymbai, He also spoke on the shortage of electricity in East Jaintia Hills District and said that it is surprising that there are two power plants in the district, the Myntdu Leshka Project-Stage 1, located at Suchen and The Power Grid Station is located in Deinchynrum, but the power supply is still low.
All ration shops are requested to obtain their permits from the DC's office (Supply) and to distribute the ration by 10th October 2023, without delay, using the online E-Pos machine. .
He wrote and performed a song entitled 'Mei Mariang' from the album 'Sai-thaiñ ki Sur' in Khasi-Cymru which was released in 2021 at Naxos World.
These catchment areas are the lifeblood of Shillong and Tura.
Speaking to reporters, the elders of the Presbyterian Church in the village said that the disease has affected the youth a few months ago and there are still cases.
Those who love the party may say that there are only 30 percent.
She said that at such times, there will always be talks up and down that those who go there and those who come there.
The General Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP), Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, has admitted that the NPP is one of the most united parties in the state.
“If we reach an agreement with the group led by Bah Pyndap Saibon, we understand that we will have to join hands with any ethnic party to bring about a strong ethnic party,” said Bah Adelbert. Nongrum in an interview with the media.
“When asked by reporters whether he is an MLA, he knows whether there is an allegation that even though this case is still pending in the court, but new buildings are in the area,” he said. that he had no such knowledge.
The inspection of these foreign shops was led by Bah F.Kharsyntiew.
The reason why the office bearers and members of the UDP Umroi Circle have left the UDP is after they strongly opposed the violence by the office bearers of the UDP Sengkmie. Umroi Circle has given the MDC ticket to Bah FD Ramsiej without informing or consulting with the leaders of Umroi Circle.
Besides these problems faced by the village of Wapungskur and the residents in relation to the condition of the road, the village of Wapungskur, has also demanded from the authorities in charge of the road to build rumble strips on the road. The two places are very important, namely on the road to Step By Step Secondary School Wapung and also to KB Memorial Secondary School Wapung, for the safety of the students.
Arman will also be supported by former Deputy Chairman of GHADC and incumbent MDC from Darugre, Mettrinson G Momin who did not contest the GHADC elections and who has confirmed his strong support for the UDP candidate. Arman said that the UDP has a sign of cleanliness and this is the reason why he will join the UDP. “The UDP is clean unlike other parties and we will bring cleanliness in the GHADC. and clean up the mess there,” he said, urging the people to vote for the UDP which has fielded 18 candidates in this election.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 28: Thousands of people from three villages including Pyllun, Mawpun and Nongsder, attended a meeting of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) on Saturday at Nong Sder Square, to express their strong opposition to the government's plan to allocate land to the troops of Umroi Cantonment.
Langsning beat Mawlai players.
They have ignored the people, the deaths or the suffering here in Meghalaya is not at all but they have fled and all to Delhi is enough for them.
He urged them to receive training, that their duty is not only to provide assistance, but to disseminate knowledge through public explanations.
Phewse da khongpong, but the government leaders see only the kyiad that can improve the income of the state, I don't feel sorry for the Khasi people anymore. court in the state.
Another reason is that the village has not had electricity for six months.
Shillong, November 9: The Khasi Authors' Society (HQ) Shillong will hold its Literary Day on the 11th November 2013 at Mission Compound Durbar Hall, Shillong at 2.00 pm.
During the meeting, Bah Mayral Born also handed over a work order of 5 lakh tyngka to the teachers and members of the sponsoring body and governing body. to continue to promote the quality of education as it is the only college in the area.
“Where are you from Um or Mei...?” asked Wanbok, the first son.
Only to distribute MP schemes to those who ask even anyone else can easily distribute.
These children are Lesly 13 years old, Tien 9 years old, Soleiny 5 years old and Christin 11 months old.
Lucknow: Elections in Uttar Pradesh are approaching and various political parties are preparing to take over the government in India's largest state.
The court's order not to use the CRPF is because the CRPF falls under the jurisdiction of the state police, while the CISF is independent and has no restrictions anywhere.
Anthony Morning School Pyndengrei and the family members of the deceased have requested anyone who has seen or known about him to inform the family members. You can also call us at
Also present on the occasion were Bah Hamletson Dohling, Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh MLA and President of the Shillong Sports Association (SSA), office bearers and supporters.
Out of the three central government petrol companies in the country, 233 have been divided into three companies. Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. will have 87 new petrol pumps, of which 74 will be in India. Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd will have 113 new petrol pumps, 96 in NHs and 17 in rural areas. Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd will have 33 new petrol pumps, 29 in NHs and 4 in rural areas.
“We have seen a decline in income, agriculture, education, health and all the other sectors. The reason is because our rulers are not fulfilling their duties properly but they are no longer corrupt. “But to destroy the share of the people and to eradicate this, the people of the country and the state need to join hands with the VPP in this fight against the government which is looting the people,” said Bah Ardent.
Regarding the encouragement for the youth of the village, district and the state as a whole, Wolbetstar Ramsiej and Marqueenless Ramsiej urged them to become winners in any struggle. They should be hardworking, dedicated, obedient, respectful of their teachers or managers and do things in unity and understanding because without these efforts in any field they will be do not either.
These 9 digits stood in a line and started to cover their own value.
After the fourth phase, the Apex Committee of Smart Cities Mission selected the three best recommendations from each list.
They also say that one day we can be slaves in our own country. I say we have been slaves in all aspects,” said Kong Badariti. remain only in textbooks and only as exhibitions in museums about the nation,” she said.
Furthermore, at about 6:45 pm, Umkiang Police Station has seized a Mahindra KUV 100 B/R No.AS-1 P-2301 and from this vehicle police also seized 77 kilos of heroin wrapped in brown tape.
The relevant sections of Section 126 are given below: (1
The reshuffle of office bearers is to strengthen the work of the party especially in the rural areas.
It is believed that the Creator came to live with the believers who still hold the Niam Tynrai.
On the issue of the number of workers in the coal mines, he blamed the chiefs as well as the land owners and owners of the coal mines.
This is why Jesus condemns the scribes and Pharisees.
During the visit, the organization has donated money to the orphanage and a meeting has been held with the management for the further needs of the orphanage. for the benefit of children living in this area.
At the same time, Bah Joe Marwein said that it is a follow-up to the last meeting to expedite the work.
There are those who claim that there have been deaths, but there is no exact information on the number of deaths.
and we see that you have the spirit to work for the people.
According to him, it is not easy for the government to immediately drop all the cases against the leaders and members of the group.
Hiren Massa, a Khasi from Jatinga, Assam, has disappeared in the past few days.
In the first leg, Pateinki Sabah won 2-0 against Khliehmyntdu Neinchnong and Lakhon Dkhar scored the first goal for Pateinki Sabah in the 18th minute. and Trey Shyllai in the 41st minute.
“Do other ethnic groups in other states or countries of the world have the same feelings or doubts as we do? that Khasi"
In the men's category, Pahamsyiem beat Dinove 57-40 baskets to become the champions of the tournament. A cash prize of T.20,000, a trophy and medals.
Police have arrested the shopkeeper and seized the drugs.
Pynshngaiñ said he was very happy because he was thinking that today he had met with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Ronnie V Lyngdoh to discuss the grounds on which MUDA has allocated the land. “I thought that at the HYC Workshop in Mawlai I would be able to meet face to face with Bah Ronnie,” he said. “But he didn't come, but he didn't come now,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
The incident occurred when the robbers took advantage of the lack of action by the law department to track down the robbers who killed a schoolgirl at Tia Chaphrang Higher Secondary School, Sohkymphor East Jaintia Hills District. This happened on 16th June 2020 and this has led to the robbers to take advantage and increase illegal activities in the district.
In a statement, the General Secretary, Samla Clement Pajat, urged the people of Hynniewtrep, regardless of religion, to unite on this issue to demand strongly for the ILP and to put the people first. in front of things.
However, now there is a new Government and we will follow up on this to remind the Government on the old issues whether it is ILP, Khasi Language, Border, Metor, Education and others,” he said.
According to the complaint of the Rangbah Shnong of Lumchyrmit, on the night of the 19th, the group came in an unlicensed Gypsy and stole several cows but six of them were not traced.
The speed and slowness of time depends on the experience of the individual.
The meeting also decided that the Khanduli Dorbar Shnong and SABDC will not interfere with any development works on the border and will leave it to the discretion of the Assam and Meghalaya governments.
Therefore, they also cannot be expected – expected to have chains of life.
"I urge the relatives of the Ministers, MLAs who are contractors and those close to them, to work well and do their job properly so that the election promise of their brothers or sisters who are MLAs, The Minister will succeed for the benefit of the people,” he added.
He expressed his satisfaction to see these development works and promised to provide all possible support from his side,” he added.
In the Tura Parliamentary seat, the Congress won with 155,241 votes against the second candidate with 228,678 votes.
According to the RTI received by the union in the past few days, the union is surprised to see that in Ladrymbai alone, a small village, there are 35 wine stores, while in Mokhep village, which has only 10 troh, there are 35 wine stores. There are 12 Wine Stores and 9 Wine Stores in Dieng Shynrum.
The only animals that can still be seen are the lizards, the skei and the fish in the rivers.
The use of sound systems at public meetings shall not exceed 6 pm to 10 pm.
“Even after the court has sentenced us, the state government has filed a new petition in the High Court to quash the decision of the single judge. “We hope that this time too we will win against the government,” he said.
Let alone his desire because he has been betrayed not by his enemies but by those from within his own household and it is like the saying 'THE WORST ENEMY IS FROM HOME'
“If we talk about a $5 trillion economy, we have 19.42 crore cows, which can boost the country's income.
On the 16th of this month, RN Ravi, Governor of Nagaland, was appointed as Governor of Meghalaya.
The Prime Minister was also briefed on the urgent projects which include the Silchar-Mahendraganj-Hili road, the Brahmaputra Bridge and the five-vehicle Guwahati-Shillong road. Dawki – Sylhet – Chittagong.
Rai said the proposal to renew the Assam Rifles has been approved and is currently being implemented.
Regarding one of the most prominent football teams in the area, 'Ñiaw Wasa United', he promised to provide assistance to their needs through the budget prepared by the government. There is a plan to develop sports with an allocation of up to Rs 400 crore.
In the current NEP, students do not know how much the fee will be from 1st to 8th semester.
He said that his decision to resign is not because they are against the party but because he should use his brain as he used to do in the past.
Congress spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala went on to criticize the state government and the Karnataka government. it is alleged that these tribals have been put in danger.
Regarding this issue, Shanbor Nongphud Secretary of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People Rambrai Circle, while talking to reporters, said that the Federation is deeply saddened by the government's neglect of these villages. .
On the other hand, the Nongstoiñ Police Station, after receiving a complaint from the youth leaders of the HYC, immediately rushed to the scene to conduct a search operation at the Mela. , according to the HYC. Police have confiscated all the sports equipment from the Mela and also arrested the Manager of the Mega Enterprise to hold the Mega. thorough investigation into the matter.
Meanwhile, in other districts, no count has been received till the time of writing.
“The issue of Khasi-Jaintia State is a serious issue and it is an agreement with India.
Who wouldn't want to lose his strength after working hard to sit on the throne? Who is not afraid of defeat? Who doesn't want to give up the land that he has earned with a minute's work? Who doesn't want to be an MLA for 10 or 20 years? These are all human qualities.
Once inside, the robbers demanded money and when he refused, they stabbed him in the head and looted Rs.5000 tyngka, 3 mobile phones and handcuffs. Listen to them before they leave.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Pynsuk Ïuroi, General Secretary of the Union of Taxi Drivers of Sor and Khapsor on 14th November 2023, expressed his concern regarding the attempt of the Traffic Police Department to operate he went to Polo for four furlongs.
On the other hand, the Minister said that in these days, the government will try to arrange with the publishers to deliver all the books that are in short supply to the bookstores.
Noting that the State is not yet fully equipped to conduct the CUET examination, the union on the other hand said that this has created problems for the students, especially those from the rural areas who are low income. .
The purpose of Prof Prabha's visit was to identify the shortcomings and improve the needs of the college for the benefit of the students of the area.
Whether it is a national party, a regional party, or a rithor party, the people have started to vote for their own candidate.
NONGPOH: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MACS) in collaboration with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District and government departments has conducted a training on health and well-being. Village.
In the second half, Sohmynting Dongneiñ beat Khlieh Myntdu Neiñshnong 2-0 with goals scored by Shan Dkhar in the 18th minute and Saiñbor Kassar in the 70th minute.
The bill has not yet come into force as it will have to get the approval of the Rajya Sabha.
U Bah Kenneth Shadap as the leader, conveyed the letter received from the Minister of the Government of India, and set the target to be achieved within this year with the cooperation and determination so that the you shall not go astray.
Speaking to reporters, they said that the road was contracted by Sunil Bansal in the name of M/s Royal Construction.
The participants all described their goals and the support they needed to be able to reach them.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
He said that when they entered the police station, not only did he start talking loudly and without listening to the explanation of the incident, but he forced him by touching the OC. and also to the Head Constable, who is still in office.
It is necessary to strengthen the Police Out Post at Langpih, Athiabari and to set up an Entry and Exit Point. to set up an Out Post in Nongshillong, Markasa or any other central place within Mawthadraishan Block.
How can we pay the money without completing the work,” said the former CEM.
“As the MLA of Mawryngkneng, I can contribute to the introduction of appropriate policies in the Assembly. I don't have a job now,” said Pyniaid.
East Khasi Hills has 101 cases followed by West Garo Hills with
“Only sorrow and pity for my husband,” said Sandra and went to bed.
The Waheh Shnong, Ma S.Lamare in his speech, congratulated the SHGs who have worked hard to clean up the village.
Ernakulam District in Kerala has been ranked first in the country in terms of literacy.
Pynshngaiñ said the Council would welcome the mid-term elections if the government or HDR Lyngdoh is willing to pay for the elections. all the things.
You Nahrit Nahlung Hebrews of this generation, even around you, the world seems to tell you that “Christmas” means “Santa Claus”; to know that the Christ whose birthday you remember at Christmas is much greater than Santa Claus: Santa Claus, according to legend, may be St. Nicholas of the 4th century and bless the poor and the needy.
Nongstoin, March 6: The District Selection Committee (DSC) of West Khasi Hills District, regarding the conduct of the competition, for the post of Demonstrator, caused confusion regarding the matter.
He and Joydeepan Deb scored 27 off 53 balls.
“We have met with the MeECL officials in Pynursla these days but they have not been able to give a satisfactory answer,” said Bah Promeyoo Khongjirem.
In front of the office, they are willing to erect a statue of Bah Joy, while his teachings are not implemented.
On the 7th November 2020, the UHM has lodged a complaint with the District Council regarding the incident in Trongpleng according to a letter received that there is something wrong with the incident in Trongpleng. The newly built Village Council has been built.
Nongpoh: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District (SRSRBD) held a meeting today at Umsning Auditorium Hall to discuss many issues affecting the village leaders, the people and the to the whole of Ri Bhoi.
India are in Group F with Pakistan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan and will play the AFC U-23 qualifiers in Uzbekistan from 22-26 October.
Furthermore, the report does not say what will happen if there are legal disputes over the land included in the Master Plan.
The Secretary of the committee, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, said that there is no difference of opinion between the UDP MDCs as alleged. was discussed at the meeting of the party.
Avasthyu said the number of complaints of theft and theft of phones is higher than those of lost or misplaced phones, but these phones have been misused by thieves. for any of their evil deeds.
“I have written to Conrad to explain this, like teaching a school child,” said Shylla.
In the second match, KB Memorial Sec School beat Rongsang A. Bagre Sec School by scoring six goals. These goals were scored by Lyonel Ryngkhlem ( 6.7 min), Cifullmi Shylla (16.23 min), Jerimi Dkhar (30.46 min).
There are 2 LP Schools, one UP School and one Secondary School in Tiehbah.
The meeting was conducted by UDP President Ma Finelyness Bareh in the presence of UDP Adviser Ma.
I think that they are more and more shaping us human beings and remember that we are precious creatures of God.
The KJCLF's invitation to the leaders of the political parties to discuss this issue is a step in the right direction.
Sambormi Lyngdoh President EJNC has ordered the DGP of Meghalaya to immediately arrest the police and forest officials who shot dead Lahkmen Rymbui. .
Although India have the hope of playing well against Australia, they still need to improve their performance to win.
In a statement sent by the UDP Youth Wing, the President of the NPP Youth Wing, has strongly condemned the President of the NPP Youth Wing, for his outspoken remarks, which he intended to defend himself. Jemino Mawthoh, the president of the election, said that he does not want to win the election.
, Furthermore, the Army has also helped to deliver food items to several villages which can no longer be reached by vehicles due to the floods and collapse of roads since the heavy rainfall. last month, which took many lives.
“Yes, Mother, are you happy?” asked Hep. “I am happy, but you still need to earn a living,” said the mother. “It's Mother.
These things have not yet begun.
Andrew Shullai in his speech congratulated the ASHAs who despite their low income, have worked hard and now after the outbreak of COVID-19 everyone has understood the value of the work of the ASHAs. The Meghalaya ASHA Workers' Union (ASHA) has urged the government to demand a resolution to the indefinite strike by the ASHAs.
Although the Constitution of India does not explicitly mention Indigenous Peoples, it contains many provisions that protect and promote Indigenous Peoples.
“It is to be recalled that the State has approved the elite level Ranji Trophy for the year 2021-22, but that season has been canceled due to the Covid-19 pandemic and Meghalaya has received to play only three games that year.
This is the teaching that Jesus taught on the Mount of Olives in Jerusalem.
“The government has promised to appoint all 20 girls by the end of November this year,” said Kong EL Thabah, one of the candidates who passed the DSC examination. This decision was taken on Thursday evening after the Magistrate appeared before them and announced that the government has extended the appointment period for another six months.
Of course this is true and even among the Christians it has been seen that they are not clear on this issue because there are those who don't want to say anything about the nation and there are those who don't. who pray that God will give them strength to fight against the problems in human strength.
“Drugs have caused evil in the youth by encouraging them to commit various crimes just to satisfy their desires,” said Davies.
No rainfall has been received in Shillong till 2.30 pm today, while 5.3mm in Shillong and 0.6mm in Umiam.
She said that the Shillong Municipal Board earns only T.6 crore per annum and through the increase in revenue, it will be able to generate another T.5.32 crore and this will help the Board to improve its revenue. operation in urban areas.
In the last 24 hours, 969 people have died, the highest number of deaths since 10th July
Jowai: U Thombor Shiwat has won the post of CEM without any opposition.
The meeting was conducted by Bah WL Snaitang, Secretary Mawkyrwat Village and Dr. A Lyngdoh, Senior Medical & Health Officer gave welcome speeches. She urged and encouraged the people to take care and clean it as their own so that it will be of benefit to the future. and welcome speech by Bah L.Lyngdoh, Minister of Mawten Village.
He said that the people of this village have shown a smile on their faces on this day that they have received this office for the Tehsonglang VO, so he hopes that through this they will be able to run. better in their works in all respects.
Himanta Biswa Sarma said this morning that there are 378 cases in Guwahati.
The Apostle John 1 John 4:15, says, "Whosoever shall confess that Jesus is the Son of God, God dwelleth in him, and he in God.
The two houses belonged to Twintina Nongneng and Risuk Wanshong, and the incident happened at about 8 pm, police said.
Police from the Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad (BDDS) and East Khasi Hills District Police were immediately deployed.
He said that according to the budget for one pipe of 15 mm dia, 500 rupees has been spent while the price has reached 800 rupees. 85 tyngka eiei while it pays only about 38 tyngka eiei on the grounds that it will pay the price of the pipe by calculating their salary, he said.
Recently, these men had tried to escape from the arrest of the police by applying for bail from the Meghalaya High Court but the High Court had refused, so they fled the scene.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger IPS on Tuesday said that the incident happened on November 28 last year at a place where there is a House No 70 JB.Cantonment, Jhalupara.
The SP said that through the arrest of these three persons, police have arrested nine persons involved in the murder of the youth at the restaurant.
He also said that according to his research, due to climate change, many types of schemes that used to live on the borders of the country have moved up.
So, one who is chosen by the majority of the church is enough.
His household is destroyed, and all his wealth is destroyed.
He was arrested along with two friends on charges of involvement in the murder of Bah Pynkhreh Surong, 29, a businessman from Mynsngat, West Jaintia Hills.
The OSD has been informed of this but has not done anything yet and the marksheets of the students have not been published for three months.
Furthermore, more training should be given to the youth to become worthy and responsible MPs, MLAs, MDCs and not to become bad leaders as they are now.
It is because of Vinay's remarks that the Congress women have become angry with the BJP leader and have come out to protest.
This is because the farmers of the state should be able to reap the fruits of growth in the state.
Therefore, the union cannot refuse to send an IED bomb to the building.
This incident is another example that world peace is far away.
“We will soon sign an agreement with the Meghalaya government in which we will be the ksiang to lead and guide the farmers to meet face to face with the buyers in the country's market,” said Sobhapandit.
To date, these Missions have helped up to 13 farmers to improve their income.
The order through Justice HS Thangkhiew, stipulates that at present there should be no work to clear or erect the boundaries, even after the signing of the MoU on the 29th of this month. October 2022 until it could be decided otherwise, the wording of the order appeared.
Surprisingly, the Jewish nation still does not believe that Jesus is the one sent by God but they are still waiting for their Messiah to come down from heaven, but they do not believe. knowing that the Messiah is Jesus Christ, that is why they did not believe in him while he was on earth, they rejected him and crucified him.
Transporting agricultural products is also very difficult.
Similarly, the Sohtun Kurs have Ministers in Mylliem and Khyrim Hima and are also Sirdars in Dwara Nongtyrnem Hima and many other examples. Shillong, March 28: The Christians of Mawlai Parish on the 27th of this month celebrated the Jubilee of the Mawlai Parish. 75 years.
Shllong, Naiwieng 30: Police applicants gathered in front of the office of the Meghalaya Board of Schools and Education to demand that the government should announce the results of the Written Test which they have passed in the early months. They said that if the government conducts the recruitment of them and sends guards to the border, they are ready without hesitation.
Jowai: The All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers and Labor Union (AMU) today opened a branch to earn money and help each other. The Muster Roll Consumer and Thrift Co-Operative Society is a society to raise funds to assist each other in providing loans to farmers at a reasonable price and also to sell their goods by opening a shop in Passah. The building is located in Jowai.
When asked whether there will be any action against the allegation of Assam crossing the border in Lapangap, Ma Sniawbha said, “The committee will consider how Assam has crossed the border”.
I have received many messages and phone calls from my friends about this issue.
Shillong, Nailar 12: A headmaster of two schools in Ri-Bhoi district has been accused of getting a contract to build an SSA school building. Bishnu Sangma from Assam has been awarded the contract to build an SSA school in Bhoi district.
They work from sunrise to sunset and work about 12 to 15 hours a day for a low salary of less than ₹9000 per month.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that the District Council has allowed them to do whatever they want, but other Daju who do not oppose will wear blue clothes and the KHADC has a recognition and responsibility for them in case of incident, while those who do not wear uniform will not be recognized.
He said the vehicle was coming from Pynursla to Shillong.
Police have registered two cases under IPC and Laitumkhrah Ps C/No. (8)17 u/s 120(B)/385/419/420/468/34.
On the other hand, the KSU expresses its regret to see such incidents against our fellow citizens and if the Paid Karbi continue to use violence and harassment, the KSU is ready to take another path. what is the only way to save our nation?
In Sohra, the total number of voters was 25297, the turnout was 22501 which is 88.95%.
Shillong, Nailar 30 : The GSU and FKJGP have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of South Garo Hills regarding the loss of life of a woman. MeSEB officials have torn down the 11 KV electricity lines supplying electricity from Nongal Bibra to Darang Boldak.
For more than 10 months, we have seen that the word pahuh bam, has disappeared from the mouths of the State Government officials and when that word has disappeared, we have started to hear words of anger against the government. shortage of rice and low price of rice.
He said that the party will also meet with the Syiem of Raid Narleiñ, to demand that as the Syiem in charge of the village and who has authority over the Raid land, he should remove the The Rangbah Shnong will immediately be appointed as Rangbah Shnong and also to hear the complaint of the family over the land.
After a while, the EAC allowed them to put up signs and flags along the road to Khyndailad. When they reached Khyndailad, they continued their protest in a They released blue balloons and with a slogan condemning the Government.
There are 4,609 confirmed cases and 762 deaths.
“In our classes at AVENUES, you will hear music, see games and find children's ideas.
The world changes from one age to another.
hiar-shi-hiar: the one who cannot speak, the one who cannot walk.
The AHAM has demanded that an inquiry should be launched to find out who is involved in this case.
The decision to continue the curfew in the evening is to prevent the spread of Covid19 in the district.
The bodies of the deceased were recovered today and the vehicle was damaged and arranged for the burial of the deceased tomorrow.
The incident happened on the second day and it was reported that these houses are in danger if the rain continues due to the landslide.
Therefore, the state government has introduced this policy so that ways can be found to treat the mental health of the people.
He said that the union has informed the DMHO about the shortage of staff in the PHC, as at present, almost all the staff in the PHC, have to undergo quarantine. After the staff and doctors at the hospital tested positive for COVID-1
Because He gives, He takes, not others have the right to do that,” said Bah Shanbor.
There are 64 public pandals in Shillong and 8 private pandals.
“I'm 6 years old,” he replied.
He said that according to the information of the party, the JHADC can issue land holding only about 1 lakh square meter per land holding, but the party was surprised at how the EMs in charge of this issue, They are willing to issue land holding up to 21 lakh square meters without conducting a ground survey or survey.
The MLA handed over these items to the Rangbah Shnong Dr. Marco Mitri in the presence of Assistant Rangbah Shnong Gregorius Kharnaior, Secretary Shnong, Women's Wing and others.
This beautiful place in Mawroh Village, which is unique and will be used only for children, was built through the Grant-in-aid (Plan) for the year 2019-2020 through the District Urban Affairs Office. Officer Nongpoh.
Mairang: The Langstieh Market, one of the largest markets in the sub-division, will be closed on the first day of the month. , that is, January 3, 2021.
Its base is located 58 kilometers northeast of Champhai in Mizoram.
:In one of the fishing competitions held at Ira Lake, Tura on 14th November, a man caught a large and different Dkar.
On this occasion, the students also took the oath to make Meghalaya a TB free state. Bah Andrew Marbaniang, one of the recovered from TB, explained how he has been cured of TB. He would like to thank the Health Department of the State Government for providing adequate treatment to him. you don't have to pay anything, not even a penny.
After talking to the residents of Mawmang, Prof. Rakesh Sinha understood that the problem facing them is the road and immediately said that he phoned the Engineer of PWD within 10 days. They should not count how much it costs to build a road from Kongthong to Mawmang.
Pakistanis, Chinese and Afghans have now been banned from traveling to Nagaland, Mizoram and Manipur.
“You can join the MDA Government which has started to accept to resolve the boundary if it is in the right direction in accordance with the Act of 1876 on the boundary of the Khasi Hima. shall be notified through Notifications of the French Government.
The complaint was filed under Section 420 of the Indian Penal Code Section and Sections 66 and 66D of the IT Act. On Tuesday, all the members of the gang, who lived in a house in Nihal Vihar, Delhi, were arrested.
The arrest of the owners of illegal Coke Plants has risen to six with the arrest of another owner.
It’s tricky to get military facilities converted to civilian land.
Tynsong said that those who can return on their own without the assistance of the government who are in other parts of India if they have the opportunity to return to the state, can return from the next Monday.
The income starts from the three Mawbyrsiew of your mother and father.
“Because of the lack of a clear policy of the government, these villages have lost all the schemes from the rural and urban departments,” said Dr Mawthoh. not to affect urban and rural areas.
After this victory, Bagan will now prepare to face Football Club Goa in the semi-final of the tournament. They have lost against East Bengal Football Club in the group stage.
The angel of the Lord appeared unto Joseph, saying, Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife: for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost. And thou shalt call his name JESUS: for he shall save his people from their sins" Matthew 1:20-2
They call it so because on the head of each symbol of this species, there is a small hole that resembles the hole made by throwing a prek from the head of each. i symbol.
Laitkor are top of the group with 29 goals, while PFR are second with 27 goals and 10 goals conceded.
But in the eyes of the Israelites Jesus was nothing because they did not believe that he was their king or their Messiah.
In addition, they have addressed many of the problems faced by the families in the leper colony.
“This year's MSL has been a completion because instead of allowing five teams to play in the quarter finals, we have taken them to the semi finals,” said some. clubs participating in the tournament.
Police have urged the public to inform the police by calling 0364-2504001 or sending an email to ccw-meg@gov.
In 30 overs, they scored 129 runs for the loss of all wickets.
If the number of MDCs in GHADC is increased from 30 to 40 as proposed in the agreement between the government and the ANVC and ANVC (B), all the MDCs should be the owners of the land of the state and the voting. it should be limited to land owners.
The provisions of The Mines Act 1952 must be followed before mining coal.
On the part of the Shiphew Kur, they expressed their gratitude to the Rangbah for their ability to reunite and organize as led by the previous leaders of the Shiphew Kur.
It is learned that the soil is at a depth of 7 feet, which was found during the digging of Um in Nongkrem.
He is currently working as an Assistant Professor in the Department of Zoology, St. Edmund's College, Shillong.
The rapid advancement of science and the desire of the government authorities to keep pace with the times in relation to modern technology is one of the reasons that helps to destroy the relationship between man and nature in that country. so that one can help the other and not to reach the end of the relationship between man and nature.
He said that the party from the beginning has decided to fight against corruption.
The Street Vendors Rules, 2017 and the Street Vending Scheme, 2017 have been enacted to regulate activities related to land sales.
The KJP Music Institute has organized this program in the presence of the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N.Syiem.
On the other hand, the CCIB together with the rulers and land owners said that they do not want their land to be lost or go to Bangladesh in the signboard. express that he cares about that and doesn’t want it to be that way.
The complainants also complained that they own the land as tenants and that the land fee has not been paid for them as tenants. The land was owned by Stied Dkhar and the name of the land was forged.
In his opening remarks as the chairman of the meeting, Rev.Dr H.H.Mohrmen reminded that the world is now talking about organic farming but this method of farming is not available in the land of Hynniewtrep. that longshore ancient.
Nongstoiñ, June 12: West Khasi Hills District, is the largest district in the state and is also a district where there is a lack of good roads. Youth Organizations, Women's Organizations and Rangbah Shnongs find it difficult to cooperate with the law enforcement agencies.
Therefore, if any polling station wishes to inspect and repair, they can come to the office of the Electoral Registration Officer and said that the repair will end until 1st July
As the election to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya and two other states approaches, some of the candidates have been busy distributing gifts. the donation of money by other candidates in different places in order to win.
(I have already mentioned that these works are more likely to be done inside the homes, rather than outside).
In East Jaintia Hills, the total number of cases has risen to 332, of which 274 are undergoing treatment and 58 have recovered.
Meghalaya is facing a shortage of qualified doctors of up to 65% and the residents are suffering from lack of adequate health facilities.
However, the Karbi who live in Am-ih as they call themselves and Myni as the Pnars know have one purpose from behind and do not want peace with the Khanduli because they continue their invasion. and the border of Khanduli.
The BJP leaders have already sent a letter to Delhi to the President Rangbah Duh of the party on the issue, but they have not yet received any reply from the state Council Members from Lum Garo. He said they are preparing to send their own letter against the forced announcement of the leader by the Delhi authorities without going through the election process.
Shillong, March 24: The High Court has refused to grant bail to Sub Inspector Nurul Islam, who has absconded.
The hospital is still without modern equipment and cannot provide full services to the residents of East Jaintia Hills District.
The theme of the day was “Literacy for a Human Centered Recovery.
That is why the English also call this disease "mosiac disease"
In the Sub-Junior Cadet Boys -22kg category, Arkinkhraw R.Dkhar won the silver medal and Sameemlang Ïawim won the silver medal.
In the opening match between Nongtalang Mission and New Nonglamin, the match was very fierce and the match ended without anyone scoring.
It is better for you to come, for they have sent to tell me.
We need our own people to develop the State in such a beautiful manner in front of the eyes of the people of the whole country,” he said.
Shillong, Nailur 05: Has the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) been arrested by the police for campaigning against the MDA Government in the last MLA elections?
The Commissioner of the city, Mr. Muhammad Anis.
Thirty illegally built farmhouses in the flood-prone areas of the Yamuna River have been demolished by the Noida Authority on Tuesday, officials said.
She said that even if the documents on the 1,25,000 MT coal are not complete, the defendant will have to provide the documents and other requirements regarding the 52,000 MT coal. MT according to the schedule.
In Nartiang, the Puja started from the Mandir where Pandit Oni Maskut Deshmukh carried the Durga idol from the Durga Mandir to the Myntang River in the presence of the Dolloi, Pator, Priests and several Hindu devotees except women.
Bah S.warjri, EAC of WKH, while briefly explaining about these schemes, said that the purpose of these projects is to alleviate the problems of students who have dropped out of school part-time and who have lost the opportunity to study. continue your studies or get a job.
The last one is at Sankilo, a factory owned by the son of the Local MLA of Mawshynrut Constituency, Bah Neibanlamphrang Law. The labor license from KHADC is the only one which has received the NOC from the office of the Syiem of Nongstoin Hima, but the other two have not yet received the NOC. officers of the office of the Syiem of Nongstoiñ Hima said that they cannot take a decision, as they are only employees to come to inspect, but they will send back the report to the Syiem and the Hima as soon as possible. It is necessary to hold an emergency meeting to decide on this matter.
“This public awareness campaign will not be a pro-party or an anti-party party, but we believe that if the people elect the right rulers, the rule of law will be enough," he said.
He said that the party wants people who have a strong foundation and at the same time he appealed and warned the people who create groups on Whatsapp not to do such things. These kinds of activities are carried out without the permission of the party because there are those who create groups on whatsapp which can mislead the minds and trust of the people about the party and who can create groups The President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) and MLA from Sohra constituency, Bah Gavin Miguel Mylliem, has admitted that the party has approved whatsapp. ) and other parties have invited them to join, but to take this decision, it needs to be discussed first with the Central Executive Committee of the PDF. Gavin, President of the PDF, said that he and Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA of Mawkynrew constituency, have not yet taken any decision, but such an issue has to be discussed. He said that once the NPP wins the MLA election, the NPP including the Prime Minister has called, but as leaders, we need to take a decision first. When asked whether the NPP wants all the two MLAs of the PDF to join the MLA elections in Sohiong, the President of the PDF denied that there is a goal. such a goal to enter before the Sohiong elections.
The Vice President of HITO Narpuh Circle, Samla Hamjan Siangshai, said that the demand of the Dorbar Shnong Umkiang is reasonable and the union is ready to support it. The National Highway in Umkiang and Narpuh area has been very bad and the condition of the road has put in danger to the commuters and caused problems due to the traffic jam that happens frequently in the area,” he said. He is the leader of HITO Narpuh Circle.
The Mawlangwir Sports Club today opened the 16th Invitation Tournament 2023-2024 which was held at the Rowell Lyngdoh Stadium in Mawlangwir. Basaiawmoit MLA Nongkrem Constituency was the chief guest to unfurl the flag of Mawlangwir Sports Club in the presence of the office bearers of Mawlangwir Sports Club. that's why you're old.
When I receive a call, I am quick to answer.
The Movement through its spokesperson said that the dismissal of these officers is only a ploy by Conrad Sangma to protect his family members who have been charged sheet for corruption. They are the most dangerous people in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Councils.
He also encouraged the youths who came to take part in this tournament not to lose hope even if they don't win the title.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The Umden Development and Transport Association (UDTA) has demanded that the Airport Authority of India (AAI) should immediately build a road to the village before constructing the airport. ha Umroi so that the village will not be blocked.
Nongstoin, Nailar 17: The In-Charge Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah PD Sangma, has been transferred and promoted.
Time passes quickly and no one hears.
It is clear from the above facts that these states, Garo, Khasi and Jaintia were not included in the 1873 Constitution, so they still have the right to ILP. .Mukul, you set up a special committee in 2012, they didn't do anything while they were in power? There is no connection between the ILP Act and the 6th Schedule Act. of the child).
As directed by the central government, the first to be injected should be the health workers.
"Thank you, sir," said the lawyer.
Earlier, Sohra received 163.00 millimeters of rainfall on the 11th of November, while on the 14th of November, it received 252 millimeters of rainfall.
In general, most electronic devices are vulnerable to theft or alteration by people with knowledge of this, he said.
“What good is the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India if we do not honor this special day of Rev. Thomas Jones,” he said.
Both the matches are from Group B and Laitkor SC and PFR Football Academy will face Laitkor SC and PFR Football Academy who have qualified for the semi final from Group A. However, regarding the semi final, nothing has been decided as both the groups have 10 games left.
On the other hand, the residents who saw the injured children on the roadside immediately rushed to the scene and took them to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for treatment.
He said that with the assistance of MTFVGA and KJFVSA, a Special Cell team conducted a raid on the 6th and arrested three robbers from Mawlai By Pass after kidnapping them. Lad Smit, a truck driver.
Inaugurating the hotel, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that it is an honor for the state to celebrate its 50th anniversary. world in the state.
A good and godly soul understands to be happy, even though God allows many kinds of suffering.
Now the chemicals are completely absorbed into the body.
He said that the non-compliance of the people could lead to problems and they could have to pay income tax, which the department does not want to do.
During the meeting, the KSU expressed its concern over the overloading of electricity in the Narpuh area.
“If I can achieve this goal as an MLA alone, I am in the VPP group which has intellectuals and intellectuals with a fearless leader. “It is my view that the Reservation Policy should be changed,” said Bah Adelbert at the VPP meeting in Mawkhar.
Dayschbornemi Talang as Secretary of West Jaintia Hills District, Wonly Bareh as Secretary of East Jaintia Hills District and Sucil Dkhar as Treasurer of the party. West Jaintia Hills District.
Nagaland authorities have arrested 325 foreigners involved in misuse and violation of Inner Line Permit (ILP) The raid was conducted on Tuesday by the Kohima District Administration in collaboration with the state police.
“The Governor's speech did not mention the measures taken by the Government to take action on the entry of foreigners, the safety and security of the people living on the border,” said the Congress MLA from Umsning. Dr Celestine Lyngdoh while participating in the explanation of the speech of the Governor.
Ronnie was the MLA of Mylliem from 2008 to
Earlier, angry truck drivers had set fire to the thew checkpoint at Umling and burnt down the DMR, Sales Tax and Transport offices.
On the role of Dorbar Shnongs, Bah Paul said, “We have agreed to include Dorbar Shnongs in the Social Welfare Department and in fact, some of the phone calls have been saved with the help of the Dorbar Shnongs. Village Council.
The Movement also condemns the District Administration, West Khasi Hills for ignoring the 144 CRPC at a time when the VPP wants to protest against this issue.
About 400 registered players have taken part in the voting in this current phase of the programme.
Pynshngain said they accept the proposal of the Central Government to amend the Sixth Schedule to include District Councils in Article 280 to have a Finance Commission to allocate funds to District Councils. At present, only the allocation of funds has been received from the Government through the Cabinet Memorandum.
He also urged the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) to stand firm on the ground to demand that the Government should provide land in the European Ward to all the families who will be relocated from Mawlong Market.
Kong Thangkhiew explained about child marriage and how to avoid it.
Portugal's head coach introduced Christiano Ronaldo, Joao Felix, Andre Silva and Bruno Fernandez in the opening match.
Whether you are still able to do so or not, it is up to you to decide that no one can force you.
SOME WAYS PARENTS CAN DO FOR THE GOOD HEALTH OF THEIR CHILDREN : RECOMMENDATION AND CONTROL ON SCREEN VIEWING : Many children have become addicted to phones and other views that appear through screens.
Superintendent of Police (City) Vivek Syiem and Magistrate of East Khasi Hills, Bah FB Basan, who were present at the scene, promised to search for the two Gypsy vehicles. to the members of the congregation.
Likewise, the children of the country and others will have the opportunity to visit and stay from time to time.
“My life was in danger from the police, so I fled that night to escape their evil intentions, because Singh had previously shot dead four of my men in the 'fake encounter' at Darengagal 2014.
“Tirot Singh was a fighter to defend the nation against the great power of the Hima Bilat.
Bah Lamare said that the Association aims to make this river a tourist destination in Meghalaya, so that people can get jobs through tourism and it also aims to clean, improve and ensure that the river does not turn blue like in previous years.
Bah Sawkmie said that parents work hard for their children to get education and they don't care about themselves even if they have to work hard just to educate their children but Children should understand the responsibility of their parents by rewarding them through success in their studies so that the hard work of their parents will not be in vain.
Lumpyrtuh Secondary School and Laishnong Higher Secondary School have won the quarterfinals for the Under 14 Boys Football Tournament. Inter School Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament 2023" was organized by the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District.
What is more surprising is that although these two people have lived far away from Umpowin to Kharpata in Ri Bhoi which is 77 km away, they still have the time to meet such a love. friend whom they have just met on the 13th of June
This giving birth to the mother will destroy the identity of the nation.
Luke 2:8-20.
Speaking on the occasion, one of the beneficiaries, Ms Plibon Kharmawphlang, said that she is proud and congratulates all those who have taken part in this project.
Because in 1972 the budget was only 5 thousand crore tyngka and now it is 27 thousand crore tyngka which means we have increased and under the leadership of the NPP we will continue to increase. Therefore, I urge you to work hard to achieve this glorious victory”.
Furthermore, training should be given to the youth to become worthy and responsible MPs, MLAs, MDCs and not to become bad leaders as they are now.
God gave the Israelites back their own land, even after 1875 years.
He cometh forth as a flower, and is cut down : he fleeth as a whirlwind, and abideth not.
Revelation 16:2; 16:17.
These explosives were seized from a vehicle during a Naka Checking by the Raliang Outpost.
Beswell Kharsyiemlieh, Sordar of Langja and Likshon Syiem of Mawri, told reporters that many times, the elders and youths have tried to prepare for the upcoming event. to the compromise table.
According to sources, on the night of the 13th, 14th and 15th of this month, heavy rainfall has caused floods and landslides across the country. places.
It has also received a scheme to build compost pits and soak pits.
Deralson Dkhar said that he was a close friend of Bah HM Shangpliang in the past but now since the former MLA joined the BJP, he has left him because he doesn't want to. this organization.
He congratulated the doctors, nurses, health workers and God the Creator.
The party was established last year but has started recruiting members for two months.
The 14 injured and undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital are Khlainbor Lyngdoh (Malki), Shanborlang Lyngdoh (Laitlyngkot), Lickstar Malngiang (Sohiong) and Macdonal Kharkongor (Mylliem). The other women who are undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital are Glittering Syiemlieh and Anilar Syiemlieh.
Marak said the distribution of food items has been distributed directly to the schools through the Sub-Divisional School Education Officers (SDSEOs).
It is located in the middle of the beautiful, bright skyline of the city, and is prepared to offer visitors a variety of local and international dishes, as well as special clean drinks. a skilled mixer.
Shillong, June 12: U Basan of Raid Nongkseh, Bah Nathaniel Thangkhiew, has asked the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government how it has the authority to auction the land of the Thangkiew Kur in Khanapara to the Assam Government. that this place is still under the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court.
When 'ar' individuals marry, they form a family.
This was announced by the General Secretary of the HFU.
These three words mean that we should “think before we eat and protect the environment”.
However, on the other hand, he admitted that the former Mawsynram MLA has missed some important meetings of the party even during the visit of Union Ministers.
Therefore, to claim that these festivals at these times are a waste of government money is not appropriate at all.
“We have to work together and therefore the establishment of the Society will be for the sake of mutual development in all aspects,” he said.
The root causes of neglect are many, lack of knowledge about post-bite treatment is low, lack of ASV in health facilities, refugees are more likely to traditional healers and other reasons why the residents face problems.
“So Christ was once offered to bear the sins of many; and unto them he shall appear the second time without sin unto death” (Hebrews 9:28).
Four supporters of Donald Trump have been shot dead and several others seriously injured in a clash on Capitol Hill in Washington DC. Two women and two men died in hospital.
There are many evil people behind the scenes who want to cause trouble among us Tribals to shed blood and shoot each other and they laugh behind the scenes”.
He invited the members of the Village Water Sanitation Committee (VWSC) to explain to them the importance and how to maintain, maintain and maintain the drinking water wells. quality of the water they use for drinking should be clean and tested from time to time so that it does not cause accidents and does not cause reactions related to the sector.
In order for all the Kurs to know what the Steering Committee has tried to do and also the proposals as a suggestion that we can discuss, it will hold a General Meeting of the Kur Office Bearers or Leaders. The election will be held on 07/12/2019 (Saturday), at the Bharat Scouts and Guides Hall, Laban, behind the Civil Hospital, on the road to Pine Mount School at 11:00 am: 00 pm by arriving or sending 5 members of the Dorbar Kur or Seng Kur to attend the meeting.
Although the patriotic song of our country was taken from the song composed by John Robert and named 'Ri Khasi Ri Khasi', it is not true that they did it. lyndet or shu shim la you shim without asking permission from the person who created or wrote the word.
Roshan Warjri They have also done a lot for the development of the constituency and the district as a whole.
NATO chief Anders Fogh Rasmussen has promised that his force will be ready to help a country that is a member of the alliance and an enemy of Russia.
Jesus was a Jew because he was born of the Jewish nation and he himself said – That salvation is from the Jews.
Bah Prestone Tyngsong in his speech wished the children of Seinraij Muthlong to grow and have a healthy life.
This committee will consider and select the eligible beneficiaries of this scheme,” she said.
I urge you to develop more leadership and encourage others to adopt this leadership spirit.
On the other hand, the Church congratulates TBn.
Last year, the State Government had approved to appoint 13 more teachers while Kiang Nangbah College has only 7 teachers.
Shillong, Lber 22 : The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) today decided that the review of the Reservation Policy (RP) and the Inner Line Permit (ILP) are the two most important issues in the country. The party will include it in its manifesto for the 2023 MLA election.
“We discussed the current situation in the border areas of Meghalaya and Assam.
Ransom Sutnga was the chief guest, Step War was the chief guest, Sohdadek Sports Club President Paskal Khardewsaw and Rit Lyngkhoi were present.
But with determination and determination, I pursued my goal.
Because any scheme that is not available to the people belongs to the government.
This demand came after the Assam Police arrested the village leaders of the village on the border with Assam on allegation that they were involved in the destruction of signboards in the area of ​​the village. The Forest Department of the Government of Assam has visited this village.
Police sources said that many traders, winestore owners and shopkeepers have been demanded money by the arrested group.
However, the EC has ignored the Local MDC by acting slowly before giving these jobs, and the sad thing is that as the leader of this constituency, the jobs within the constituency have already been given to him. on 27th November 2020, but on the part of the MDC, he said that he has not received any information on this from the office.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: Former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, who is also the UDP candidate from Sohiong, on Tuesday said that the NPP candidate's belief that he is like a foreign tree that produces fruit. Bah HDR said that he has never heard that the foreign tree will be edible but the fruit that comes out of it is only soh kthang suda. and if thou fall upon the ground, it shall be broken to pieces.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Waheh Shnong of Mookyrdup, Pyrkhat Shylla, said that the village has already selected the poor families in the village and considered whether they are entitled to receive this foodgrains. as a means of helping them.
If the TMC suddenly comes to power, it is known that the one who was banned before leaving the Congress party, will immediately replace his fellow members who do not comply with his rules of procedure; and he shall utterly destroy the assemblies, and shall destroy the people until the morning.
According to a letter of complaint sent to the Chief Minister on 24th July, the Environment Co-Ordination Committee of Sutnga District has lodged a complaint against 29 coke factories within the boundary of the district. The ECC said that according to the reports received from the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board through RTI, it has been found that there are 29 factories which have been banned by the authorities. The ECC wants the Chief Minister to take action and take the necessary action in this regard to issue an order to immediately dismiss these persons. 29 coke factories.
Eskela Sten, 27, and Lak Sten, 22, passed away on Tuesday.
The foreigner, who speaks Khasi fluently, was identified as Shaikh Sharin Hasan and claimed to be a resident of Rynjah in Shillong. They were handed over to the Wildlife Department office in Nongpoh by the KSU leaders.
“I request Bah Chales Marngar and Bah Lasky Rymbai to please help and discuss the issue of saving and preserving the Lukha River,” said Bah Lamare.
He said that according to the Trading by Non-Tribals Rules, 1959, it provides an opportunity to protect the indigenous people from trade and it is necessary to strengthen the armed forces according to this Act.
Like the Khasi chiefs, the chief of Jaintiaruh was replaced by a pyrsa, the eldest son of the chief of Sad, also known as Koonwuree (Kunwari).
“Mr. Mooshahary is from Bodoland Assam, so as a police chief he knows well.
Which of the seven emperors that the world still recognizes is not Adolf Hitler of Nazi Germany? Because others are not known but only the image of Hitler that the world still sees.
How much more so if we all do it!
U V Rajasekhar Reddy, General Secretary of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India, Hyderabad, said that this is the first time in India that this technology will be used in construction projects. home.
He said that due to the lack of food, many of the people were angry and threw the white tupia distributed to them. “The square was covered with NPP tupia,” said Donbok Khymdeit.
He said that as the MDC from Jaiaw, Bah Adelbert Nongrum has not sent him to do any work, he has failed to implement this scheme in his constituency.
“The shiphew tyngka they give to the poor or the orphans is more valuable than the 100 tyngka they give to the rich during the feast,” he said.
Speaking after the Cabinet meeting, Dr Mukul said, “It is an act (issuing 500 and 1000 notes) is incompetent, and will increase corruption in the country. country and counterfeit money cannot be stopped",.
Referring to the semi permanent timber bridges, he said it is necessary to do them urgently to prevent the traffic jam.
Shillong, Naitung 3: The Help Desk of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been appointed during the tenure of CEM Ardent M Basaiawmoit.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 513 new cases have been confirmed and 4413 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
Besides being stupid, they are wise and don't even respect the morality of man or the morality of God.
In Garo Hills, the farsighted people welcome the railway because they understand that it will be easier for the farmers to send their produce to Assam and other states.
They informed that a WhatsApp Group has been set up in which the Rangbah Shnongs of different villages along with the employees of the JMB have joined the group. no one can complain.
In October this year, the Assam Police had banned the contractor from completing the bridge which started in 2005, but after talks between the two governments, the work has resumed.
The Seng sends its condolences to the family and the entire Church.
Therefore, for her journey in the tournament, the athlete will prepare herself well for her first match against Japan's Akane Yamaguchi.
Speaking on the occasion, S.Mulieh congratulated the women's organization for its 10 years of existence and encouraged the women in the state to be special because of their The inheritance was given to the woman who was the head of the household.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, said that four of them were travelers by plane.
“This is the reason why the tourists have been forced especially when there are those who are sick to get medicine or treatment at hospitals,” he said.
Jowai, July 31: The Executive Committee of Thangraiñ Village today issued the rules regarding the campaigning of the candidates for the MLA 2023 elections in the village. candidates that they must strictly follow these rules.
Shillong: As usual, the Hima Mylliem will clean up the market on the 21st of this month from 9 am until the completion of the work.
“At this time when the state is fighting against Covid-19, I am surprised that the MeECL authorities still have time to take advantage.
On the other hand, the residents suspect that it was the people who used to trade with her who committed the crime.
“However, the signage on the borders of our area has been slow.
That is why God has come to judge the world.
Shillong, June 11: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today expressed doubt that the social agreement between Meghalaya and Assam can be reviewed again. seven places.
This film aims to explain the basis on which the Khasi understands himself, the relationship with the Creator and the relationship of mankind with all these things.
“During the inspection, the union found that the doors and windows had been broken, the doors had been robbed and the belongings had been stolen. the building.
In Chandigarh, 64 out of 238 road accidents were reported between 9 pm and 3 pm followed by 36 road accidents. occurred between 3 am and 3 pm to 6 pm and 35 between 6 pm and 9 pm.
Hameshaniah's gold medal has brought joy to the entire school.
Any candidate who makes a mistake will be punished according to the law.
Justine Khar is MLA from Khliehriat while Robinus Syngkon is from Mookaiaw.
The four NPP MDCs who have won again are Denang T Sangma from Williamnagar, Boston Marak from Nogorpara, Sukharam Sangma from Rongrong and Dipul Sangma from Rochonpara.
“She said that this morning they went home crying, and decided what happened for the child.
Apply these mixtures daily for a brighter and brighter skin.
“You're old enough to be a woman,” said Santa.
Bah Peter A.Dkhar Sawian recalled and announced the contribution made to society since the 18th and 19th centuries by the Longshuwa of the Kur in the field of education, organization and activities. jam, the rule of law and human rights.
For example, cleaning and beautifying rivers, maintaining forests such as private forests, sacred forests, village forests and others.
He said that the assistance provided by the Asian Development Bank will not only improve the school building and other facilities but will also provide training to the teachers to improve their skills.
Application forms can be collected from the office from 21 September to 4 October.
The Screening Committee of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) has accepted the nomination of Shillong MP Vincent Pala to contest again for the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
In Khedangar Khasi there are 600 Khasi residents and the area occupied by them covers up to 200 hectares but half of this area has been occupied by other ethnic groups.
Therefore, Fair Price Shop Dealers are directed to obtain permits from the office of the DC (Supply) and to complete the distribution of rice by 10th June, 2024, without delay, using the e -Mail machine from online fashion.
Remember that Bihar is called a 'bimaru' state which means a state without a shirt.
For this election, the party election committee has invited candidates for various posts for the term 2023-2
They raised their children in Laban until they moved to Mawkhar.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, three new cases have been confirmed today while two cases have recovered.
They fall dead in every place where they live in the rain and threaten to kill those who walk and stand on the road.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Bless said that the clear message to the Government is that it should not delay, should not deceive, should not just hold talks but should continue. bun words more.
Airtel and Vodafone Idea have already increased their prices by 25 per cent for all prepaid customers.
Shylla said that the market should not be a residential area, it should be a market for buying and selling and at night they should go home. Mylliem Hima should ensure that no one will stay in the market, the evils of the market. “It's because of the lack of people in the area,” said Bah Shylla.
He said that the decision of the state government, on 12th November 2020, to impose a two-day curfew in Shillong, is only to track down those who have been in contact with people who have been in contact with went to take part in the marriage ceremony.
Shillong: On 31st November 2022, the Amlarem Sub-Divisional Development Association Amlarem, held a meeting at the Hall of Syiem Jingsuk Amla Rem. elder of the Jaintia Hills.
After the meeting, the chief guest together with the officers of the department took part in the planting of trees.
The total amount of funds raised is T.23,62,375 while the total amount of funds is T.46,99,0
Other Indian veterans Manpreet Singh, Harman-preet Singh and PR Sreejesh will not take part in the tournament which will be held from 23rd January to 1st July
Shillong: Mawpdang, Promising FC Malki, Riwar Utd Mawkynrew and Sun Utd 3mer Upp Shillong have qualified for the fourth round after winning the second round of the PFR Soccer Cup. Pay For Right Shillong was held today at JN Sports Polo.
She also highlighted the support through Government schemes for patients undergoing treatment.
The leaders of this party have given several reasons – The defection of MLAs, MDCs and leaders, the desire of the leaders to seek better positions, the lack of employment. of leaders and office bearers for political or other reasons and the discouragement of party members who see that other parties have grown and won elections and so on has led them to withdraw. party room in the shaba lap.
I remember in one village we were planning to ring bording but just to install one post the owners did not work even if we gave T.5 lakh they did not work, so the government is in trouble.
On the other hand, the union strongly requests the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, as the Minister who has a real responsibility for the people of the state, to take action in this regard. to bring peace and welfare to the suffering people.
Mawrie said he is confident that the BJP will win from Shillong, Tura and Ribhoi.
Shillong/Jowai, Nailur, 12: Police have arrested Ramesh Dkhar, 10 days after he escaped from Shangpung village, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday. The suspect escaped from jail on Tuesday at noon.
In the tournament, the Blue team won 3-1 against the Yellow team, according to a statement from the Assistant Secretary of Umsning Lum-Umpih.
“T.9.40 lakh has been distributed to four MDCs including Nongthymmai, Laitumkhrah, Jaiaw, Mawkhar and Mawlai which are near the Umkhrah River.
The NPP Government should not take the opportunity to pray just to bury its sins...We strongly oppose the prayer inside the secretariat.
AAMEF President Hiten Mahnata, Amal Gupta, Nava Thakuria and others delivered speeches at the rally.
Nongpoh, July 06: A Coke truck (NL-01-AD-4856) has overturned on the NH-6 in Nongpoh. , was after the driver of the truck avoided a small car, which was driving recklessly under the road.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle on Tuesday sent a petition to the Chief Engineer of PWD (Roads) to express its opposition to the construction of pandals or streets for the purpose of In a statement, the union said that it has no objection to the puja of anyone but it should not disrupt the movement of the PWD. public.
Speeches were also delivered by other elders in the area, who expressed their concern over the backwardness of the area due to the lack of attention by the Nongmihkhmat. They urged the people of the area to support and vote for Bah Sosthenes Sohtun. It is to be recalled that Bah Sosthenes Sohtun has already contested the 2013 election from the NPP. , but that year he was defeated and came in fourth place after receiving more than 5000 thousand votes.
Other speakers on the occasion included Dr. JN Shullai who explained about the working methods and services of MCSWA as a voluntary group to bring about good night. The group will celebrate its 40th anniversary in June,
This year, the village has received an allocation from the Border Area Department to build the road from Nongeitser to Mawtngam but the allocation has only been able to reach about 1200 meters (1.2 km).
This study is equivalent to studies in which students attend institutional training, so these online studies are the preferred choice by those who are employed, those who are just starting out, self-employed, and those who wish to continue their work.
Don't go and blame the King, blame the Tynring.
The Syiem of Mawkhar has returned to the Seng Khasi (Kmie) Mawkhar to celebrate the festival held by the Seng Khasi (Kmie) Mawkhar.
The KSU, which led these students to apply for classes, demanded that the government should not only talk to the MLCU but should also talk to other universities to enroll these students who are now in darkness. CMJ University has been closed down by the government.
Mookaiaw MLA Nujorki Sungoh said this in the Legislative Assembly today.
The SWGHSCWA said that in the field of Doctorate, MBBS and Nursing, there is no inclusion of Schedule Caste groups. While the Schedule Castes have no share, only the villagers from the state have been recruited.
Noabert Phawa, Benshuh Phawa, Kynmoo Phawa and Jrome Biam Rangbah of Lumpyrdi were also present at the distribution.
NEHUSU has also vowed to continue strong protests if the university authorities do not listen to this demand.
With these two goals, Japan beat Germany, which has won the title four times.
“Dr. Ampareen congratulated the NPP volunteers in Manipur by saying that they have been the right hand to ensure that the people do not die.
Speaking to media after the CEC meeting, party President KP Pangniang said that AL Hek has requested the party to support the NDA candidate in the election. this election.
“We had to move to temporary shelters and wait for help.
He said that after receiving a complaint from the people against the existence of the liquor shop, the DC has sent officers to conduct an investigation. there was some doubt of the 98 signatories.
If the people know how to clean them, there is still hope for our country and nation.
She said that if they are truly volunteers, they don't have to pay school fees because the government should pay.
The meeting was led by HNYF Northern Region President Marcus Marten, KSU Assistant Education Secretary Elfin Umlong and other members of the two organizations.
“After this march, the party has received information that there may be another such march on Good Friday and Easter Sunday, the holy days of Christians. The union urges the district authorities and the police not to give permission if they intend to march to disrupt the Holy Thursday celebration.
It is indeed better if we can see the implementation of the ILP and I am not a person against the implementation of the ILP, but I strongly support the implementation of it.
It is to be recalled that Meghalaya had the golden opportunity to select its team in this tournament and besides Pynshngain, Batskhem also led.
On the other hand, the President of FASTOM urged the government to have a human spirit to look after and address the burden of teachers.
We see that in this lockdown, education is affected.
The Dorbar Shnong Law Sohtun has also reminded that it will build a gate because there have been incidents where people from outside the area have brought bodies to bury in these hills. can do what is necessary.
Khliehriat, July 15: A landslide has continued near the Sonapyrdi tunnel in East Jaintia Hills District on Friday evening. in Narpuh, soil, rocks and flowing water have covered the National Highway near the tunnel.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, the Rangbah Shnong said that Bah Erwin announced the title of Rangbah Shnong at a public meeting held at the football ground in Khanduli village. The Namdong Block and Laskeiñ Block Border Area Peace Committee (BBC) on Saturday last month held a meeting to discuss the issue.
The mother ran away, Then she said sadly; Forgive him now, Forgive him, my fellow villagers.
The time has come for us to send a clear message and we will take a big decision from now on,” said Bah Kharjarin.
About 100 people have lost their lives and thousands of other residents have been forced to leave their homes. They have fled to other states in the northeast of the country.
“We will discuss with the Congress MLAs on this roster system and after that we will take a decision,” said Ronie.
Is there any money in this claim? Do you have a right to violate the rights of others? Is there any destruction of the body or destruction of the soul and mind? No, found nothing like that.
U Bah PT Sawkmie expressed his gratitude to the people for coming together to receive the small gifts which he gave with love as a sign of celebration of Christmas, the incarnation of the Lord Jesus Christ. to this world.
m, 1 Chinese grenade, 57 rounds of 7.62 SLR, 63 stamps, 4 remote IEDs, 1 Wakie talkie, 9 Remote IED circuits, 28 electronic detonators, 7 bullet charger clips, 5 UBGL cells, 1 helmet, 2 SBBL shotguns, 485 rounds of AK 47, 104 rounds of ammunition. 303 rifles, 2659 rnds 7.7 m.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Keating Road Welfare Organization (KTWO) together with the Excise Department, on Saturday seized drugs led by the District Excise Inspector, JEG Momin, Rangbah Shnong and officials.
On the same day, the Minister also inaugurated the foundation stone of the Prime Hub at Laskeiñ. farmers should know how to cultivate this crop.
The Assembly Secretariat has requested 50 to 90 acres of land for the construction of the dorbar hall.
“We urge the MDA Government to explain to the people of Meghalaya and to India why it will endanger the livelihoods of the state,” Gokhale said.
He said that the trees in this village forest are trees that have been maintained by the village. It is a village forest where the residents of the village use the trees from this forest for the construction of houses, wood for cooking and other uses.
Jowai: A man has been identified as Sandeep Kr.
The purpose of the campaign is to help and support children who do not have access to school between the ages of 16 to 19 years to enroll in the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) up to Class XII. This program will be held on the 19th November, 2023 at 11:30 pm at Mawkyrwat Market, South West Khasi Hills District.
Shortly after, the robbers forced the complainant to send T.61,500 through UPI to an account in the name of T.Abban.
The Technical Manager of NHAI, Biswa Jyoti Lahkar, has promised to complete the maintenance of the road within 6 months from 09/08/2 live in it.
