After that, Rev WB Sohshang gave a sermon from the Word of God and lowered the flag of the Umyiap District Youth Church and finally the choir of the Theme Song of the Umyiap District Youth Church.
However, after the meeting with the KSU leaders, another meeting was held at the same venue between the leaders of other Sengbhalang like FKJGP, HNYF and others. and there were also intellectuals who were the advisors of the Sengbhalang.
The students said that they immediately informed the Hostel Warden and the security forces to prevent the incident and to provide protection to the students of Hostel No 19; However, it was alleged that these students of other hostels, broke the door and entered with weapons and assaulted the Warden, Security and the students, which led to the injury of that some people.
Shillong: U Richard Mrong Marak, President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MYC) on Wednesday applied for ticket from the Congress party for the Lok Sabha MP election from Tura constituency.
According to a statement from the Secretary of the Tournament Committee of RMKOFT, Bah PF Lyngdoh, on the other hand, the Tournament Committee has not taken a tougher decision. Laban SC will play against Boca Junior FC in the last quarter final between Laban SC and Boca Junior FC. The reason is that both the teams have to leave the state to play. in sports tournaments outside the state in Assam and Manipur.
For this purpose, the organization has invited the young women of the village who live near and far to come and take part in this competition to show the pride to the country and the world of the richness of the country. traditional dress.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 11: The Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat through the Transports Cell today launched two buses, which will be the vehicles to provide transportation services to the students who He studied at Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat.
His suggestion is very valuable as it will encourage and build up the society and will also help to increase the income in the state significantly.
“We have worked hard and we will ensure that these activities (extortion) will end soon and none of our residents will be affected,” said Conrad.
He also explained that his performance at the last UDP meeting in Sohiong was to entertain the people as he used to take part in dance competitions in various events.
Relatives and friends of those who register should not exceed one third of the area of ​​the registration area by keeping a distance of up to 5 feet from each other.
Republic TV reported that Arnab was raped and shot during his arrest.
They were identified as Sheba Kharbani, 40, who works as a cleaner, Rupert Donbor Dohtdong, 43, and Blackstar Kharkrang,
Any Candidate who holds public meetings in villages near Panaliar Village, shall not be allowed to park vehicles within the boundary of Panaliar Village.
Bah Charli Mawlieh from Nongstoiñ, urged many churches to be visionaries for the rights of voters in their respective constituencies.
Therefore, it is time to take the suggestion and decided to hold a meeting with the Seng Longkmie and to work together with the villages and at the same time by asking them to Inform the police if they see or find suspected persons or urges the public or the villages not to take the law into their own hands but to inform the police immediately. do what you need.
The BSF also alleged that Umsyiem or the road near Umsyiem is a major smuggling point to Bangladesh, where cows, clothes, incense and other goods are smuggled.
West Khasi Hills, which won both the men's and women's teams in the Meghalaya Games 2020, started the women's team with a victory by beating South Garo Hills by 73-17 baskets at the Meghalaya Games. the beginning of this campaign.
According to a letter from the Executive Director (Commercial) of NEEPCO, the management of NEEPCO has decided to extend and temporarily suspend the electricity supply rules to the state from 2nd July to 30th November
Members of BAM across Jaintia Hills with up to 50 members have donated the COVID-19 vaccine.
He added that those in power should take action against any signs of corruption, “because it is a responsibility that has been imposed on us, by the decision of the people, to take action. which comes when we are in power and in the chair.
Julius has been arrested and tried on charges of raping a 14-year-old girl at the hotel of HDR Lyngdoh's son at Marvelenne Inn, Rilbong. The CSWO and TUR have demanded that the Prime Minister should remove Bah HDR Lyngdoh from the Ministry of Home Affairs to allow an independent police investigation.
Mizoram managed to finish the innings with 220 runs and replied with 259 runs, so Meghalaya took the lead by 39 runs in the first innings.
This issue has become one of the issues of discussion between the MDCs and KHADC employees and one of the MDCs said how can it be that the Council's money will go to the Forest Guard without his knowledge. CEM, officers or Executive Committee.
When the Khasi went to win wars in those areas, they did not bring heads of people like those head hunters, but they conducted the rule there.
NEHU Shillong, which did not take the lead before tied first, scored 115 runs for the loss of five wickets in 20 overs.
It must be based on a seed and not on a leaf that will rot away.
However, if you have read this section, we will try to explain a little bit about the topic “Temptation is not sin”.
In the Under-17 category, Suyiem Jingsuk Sec School beat Little Flower H/S School, Ummulong 3-1
After receiving a tip, the Mairang Police Station rushed to the hospital for further investigation and after the investigation, the police learned that the body belonged to a man named ( L) Janstar Kurbah from Mawkohtep village under Mawngap police station.
As witnessed during the inspection, it was also witnessed that the NHAI together with the company have tried to expedite the work according to the demand of the time and as it appears outside, this bridge will be completed soon. They also cleaned up the area to allow public vehicles to operate from the new bridge.
The HYC said that according to this letter, the Lineage Act does not prohibit the issuance of ST certificate to an applicant by taking the jait from the father or mother. accept the jait of the husband by a non-Khasi woman.
This was announced to the President of KJDSTA on the evening of 30th July, 2019 through a telephone conversation.
When they arrived from the ground floor, Deisy called out to Riia.
In the 21K Elite category, the first, second and third place winners received cash prizes of T.1,50,000, T.1,00,000 and T.50,000 and the fourth and fifth place winners received cash prizes of T.40,000 and T.20,0
The training program was funded by the Office of the District Planning Officer, West Jaintia Hills through the VAF 2012-1
This year, there are 78 elephants while in 2002, there were only 54 elephants which means that the expenditure of elephants has increased to 24 elephants in just this five years.
“Having received only one nomination, I announce here that Timothy D Shira has been elected as the Symbud Lamphang,” said the Speaker of the House, Thomas A Sangma.
The MLA received these assistance from his MLA scheme under the Special Rural Works Program (SRWP).
He also requested other contractors who are digging for the cleaning of pipes in different villages in Mawlai to expedite their work so that the people will not face any problems in their coming and going. .
Furthermore, the SDS also asked the Mission Director (MD) whether they have consulted with the experts before the division, whether the MD's office has consulted and listened to the The opinions of those affected by this new system, whether the office has sought the opinion of legal experts on this matter to avoid any discrimination against employees.
The earth is the lyngwiar inhabited by human beings in society along with all the creatures of nature.
Police have not yet released the names of the suspects, but the source said that they are from Dkhiah West.
The MSCSO also organized a football match in collaboration with the office of the BDO Khliehriat.
The first GPFI working meeting in Kolkata is expected to pave the way for India's approach to promoting digital services to participate in the financial sector around the world.
He said that the infiltration of these foreigners has happened from time to time in Mawshynrut area and which could pose a serious threat to the Khasi community. He said that the party will not stand idly by but will strive to monitor so that it will not be a threat to the residents of the area.
The meeting will start at 10 pm on the 26th November at Dorbar Sajer Hall and on that day the leaders will also announce the government's intention to make Ri-bhoi District a district. Khalai market and the consequences of the casino.
Tynsong said the technical specification for the construction of PWD roads has been in accordance with the rules of the IRC. He said there is a difference between Meghalaya and Rajasthan.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20:130 volunteers of the Home Guard from Garo Hills have come to Shillong today to protest against the government's sudden dismissal of forest guards. of the Forest department.
The blast on Friday also took place in front of the Nabawi Muslim shrine in Faizabad where many Muslims had gathered.
The training is for 44 selected persons from Darrang Village, to train them how to provide assistance to visitors during drowning or in any incident of injury that requires assistance. church.
Mawlai SC, who won last year's championship, will prepare to face Laitkor SC in the final of the Women's League 2023 on Saturday at the SSA Stadium, Polo.
To earn the right as the Khasi used to say, not to steal or cheat or cheat as written in the Shiphew Hukum, that has become a joke now.
She added that the discussion on this day should not stop only in the four corners of this room but to expose and inform to other people as well.
“However, the state government does not want to send it to Lart for acceptance because it wants respect and politics,” said Bah Lanong.
He also said in his public speech that he will bring in a road, solar light and dig a BPO well within this year.
The States/UTs/Districts that have performed well will receive recognition for the implementation of ODF Plus and Har Ghar Jal.
In Nongkrem constituency there were 20117 voters with a turnout of 15069 voters or 74.91%, in Sohiong constituency there were 24,255 voters with a turnout of 19538 voters or 80.55%. Laban-Mawprem had 11553 voters and 7424 voters turned out to vote which is 64.26%.
Principal Secretary Personnel Department, Bah CVD Diengdoh said that this is the appointment at all levels of Police from Sub Inspector, Armed Constables and Unarmed Constables including firemen and MPRO operators.
On the other hand, Bah Hek said that as the BJP leader, he wants to contest the MP from Shillong and Tura but it will be up to the party to take the final decision.
Shillong, June 27: East Garo Hills have qualified for the final of the Zone 2 Under-19 Cricket Tournament organized by the Meghalaya Cricket Association.
He also spoke about the livestock industry where the government has expanded the cattle farm at Phulbari in West Garo Hills, Kyrdemkulai in Ri-Bhoi, Ryngkhon and Nongpyiur.
Speaking to reporters, Franklin Syiemïong said that in fact, when the KSU received the hospital, the people were happy. years ago, but now when we receive the news that the equipment allocated for this MCH has been taken away.
Three people were killed and three others injured when a house in Jabalgre village in South Garo Hills District collapsed due to heavy rainfall on Friday morning. lost one life and two survived.
In my opinion, the children of a Khasi man who belongs to another non-Khasi race, do not have to use that race, but should be given the race of their father, because according to My understanding is that these sons of his, even if they were only of the tribe or given by the tribe of their father, they became the same tribe as the tribe of their father.
Explaining on the matter, Dr A. War said that the BSF soldier who tested positive yesterday, is a driver of a BSF vehicle and used to transport troops around the country. around.
Shillong, November 9: A vehicle (ML-05K 9239) driven by Bankit Synrem of Malki, Pdengshnong has collided with a policeman at 5:50 pm on the 8th of this month. Andrush G. Momin of Sadar Traffic Branch while driving the vehicle.
For these reasons, drug traffickers are exempt from bail, even if they plead under the provisions of Section 67 of the NDPS Act
Earlier, the state government had decided to withdraw up to T.27 crore from the Sohra Eco Restoration Project.
The construction of the new dorbar hall will be in two parts, one for the dorbar hall and the other for the secretariat.
The awards were presented by former KSU President Daniel Khyriem, Vice President of KSU Central Executive Committee, Samla Shemphang Lyngdoh Mawphlang, Symbud Chief Guest and Asst Secretary of the KSU. Mawlai Nonglum, Bah P.Kharlukhi who was the special guest and others.
“To believe is a great joy.
Furthermore, the infant mortality rate is very high.
He said that India is a country that respects religions. He said that the ordinance should be signed immediately and if he has signed it, he should leave the state immediately because the state does not need him. as the nominal head.
Shillong: A 40-year-old mother, who has been missing since July 25, 2021, was found dead at the Meghalaya Rural Bank. in Bishnupur, Shillong.
After the meeting with the journalists' organizations, they also met with the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma where he said that it is necessary to discuss the laws which the government can accept. , and in addition, he said that when taking a decision to implement any law, there is no need to act hastily, but to think carefully so that it does not cause problems later.
He said that the demarcation of the boundary has been based on the principles and except for a few villages which used to vote in Assam which have been transferred to Assam, others are still within Meghalaya.
In the Under-17 women's category, Sib Singh HSS beat BBC SS Steplanglur 1-0 in the 26th minute.
Mizoram Police on Tuesday said they have arrested a 32-year-old man with methamphetamine worth T.19.5 crore.
U Bah P.Nongshlong Sordar of Mawïamsyiem Village and other elders of the villages in Langpih sector, said, “The people of Mawïamsyiem Village are not happy these days, because The two Chief Ministers of the two states, Conrad Kongal Sangma and Himata Biswa Sarma, have already shown themselves to be dictators who are close to Russian President Vladimir Putin.
The announcement of these pilot projects is part of the celebration of Environment Day in the State.
He said that the people living in the border areas have not received any development projects from Meghalaya and Assam. On the other hand, Bah Thabah urged the District authorities and the government to provide for the needs of these people.
“The UDP in the state expects and hopes that the people of the state will give their full support to the desire to get power,” said Bah Mayral Born. The UDP leaders have proposed 45 candidates in front of the people to support the party's vision, but it is up to the people who will win. to choose.
These trucks were purchased through the 14th Finance Commission.
The other events were (i) There was darkness and a strong earthquake for three hours, from 6 to 9 o'clock, which means 12 to 3 o'clock in the evening.
Congratulating the Rangbah Shnongs for their suggestions, Bah Nongrum said, “Wahumkhrah is the most important issue that needs to be addressed urgently, along with other issues before the 50th anniversary of the state.
Without Understanding Anything, There Is No Explanation Of Rupang.
However, it was said that this is a false article and it has been spread for many years to write to the public.
However, when the tea garden is about 10 years old they usually prune some of the tea trees so that the distance between them is 14 by 14 by 20 feet.
On the other hand, NCP spokesperson Nawab Malik said the BJP has mislead the people on the bill and has caused serious damage to the society.
Today to watch the show at 2 pm, many people started standing in line for tickets from less than 10 pm and many people did not get tickets.
In the fight against the corona virus, the Union Health Ministry today issued a directive for the treatment of those who have recovered from covid
In the meeting with the DC of East Jaintia Hills, he promised to write to the Home and Political Department for the expulsion of these two employees of the company. from this state.
The vehicle was used by the Mawkynroh Out Post Police.
The cleaners of the market have been doing this for about 10 hours.
They were the two men who claimed to have formed the group and were also invited by Solomon to demand money.
He said that UDP MDC Bah Balajied Ranee has expressed his support for the Lineage Amendment Bill as he is one of those who speaks well about Shaw Bhoi.
In the women's doubles, Elsarica Umdor won once again along with her teammate Zinnia Kahit by defeating Ibalari Siangshai and Pretty Mary Sumer.
"As a nation, where are we Paid Khasi now? Should we have been surprised and encouraged the children and youth of Pateng Mynta to think good and do what is right and speak the truth?
He also urged the Dorbar Shnongs, religious groups from various churches and NGOs as well as the government authorities to educate the public through posters or leaflets and social media or public news on how to protect themselves from this disease.
“India accounts for nearly 17% of the world’s population and through having the fifth largest economy, has taken steps to reduce waste from GDP by 45% by Net Zero is the year
Hak Joon Lee, a 21st-century theologian, in an article entitled Kingdom and Kenosis: Most scholars agree that Philippians 2:6 -11, is one of the inspirational songs of the followers of Jesus Christ in the first century and this song reflects the mind of Jesus Christ.
Zenith said the scheme is related to the construction of designs by the government according to the techniques designed by the companies approved by the government, the relationship with banks to borrow money and therefore, it is slow to complete.
Morningstar Khongwir took three wickets in four overs and Pankaj Sharma took two wickets in four overs.
After the election, Ma Garod announced that the people have elected Buhlut Suna and his term of office will be for three years.
The failure to resolve the boundary till today, has caused problems to the residents of the area, as the Assam police do not hold hands but to harass from time to time.
The competition was held for children between the ages of 4-5 and 6-7 years and 12-13 years for boys and girls to develop their talents.
Tottenham beat Leicester 2-0 with Son Heung Minn scoring in the 45th minute and Dele Ali in the 58th minute.
They include Norbert Daju from Mawlai, Kedi Mawsor from Jaïaw, Daliwell Mawsor from Langshongthiang and others.
Police later arrested four more assistants after receiving information from the arrested member.
Madanryting SC and Kick Start Football Academy have three points in the 2023 Football League after winning their match today.
The ADE wants Conrad to demand that the Indian government should implement the law on the influx of foreigners and also on the border issue, but the ADE does not agree. fit the purpose of inviting people from outside to come and work.
Others who saw it rushed to separate.
Wanlambok Rani, 16 years and 3 months old, has rescued four people who drowned in the Umden River while fishing on the 12th of July,
“We are sad to face such incidents within our family, because this year alone up to three houses have burnt down, that is the house of Bah Rajen Makri which burnt down on the 22nd of -05-2018, who is the brother of Bah Muni Makri, the house of Bah Jubin Makri which happened on 03-07-2018, the brother of Bah Muni Makri and my house which burnt down yesterday" he added.
The availability of fire extinguishers and water will help prevent house fires and other injuries.
After this soskular, the British Government seized all the lands within the border of the Ahom Hima which are now part of the state of Assam.
Nongpoh: Five robbers have attempted to rob an ATM machine of Punjab National Bank this morning. you are in Nongpoh.
Jenny alleged that according to the family members, Jepson confessed at the village meeting held on 23rd July along with others, that he had killed four members of the family, whom he alleged were they are devils and rebels.
He said the foundation of the RDA is to protect the welfare of the indigenous people and the citizens of the State.
I need to meet them before taking a decision,” said Bah Metbah.
He said that the protesters will explain to the farmers about the dangers of the bill and there is a plan to gather all the farmers at Ramlila Square in the next three or four months,” he said. more.
The decision also coincides with the celebration of the 125th birth anniversary of Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar, the founder of the Constitution of India.
'Khooid ya ka Wah Myntdu' has decided to request the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District to enforce Section 144 of the CrPC to ban people from quarrying, quarrying, washing vehicles, cleaning vehicles, to run vehicles carrying stone and shyiap, to transport waste from toilets, to discharge waste into the Myntdu River.
They also sought information on how and in what form the State Government spends to pay salaries to teachers and also spends for the development of education in the State.
There have been more noise reports over the past four days but nothing has been found, the army said.
The KSU also demanded that the Polytechnic should be upgraded to a full time Engineering College.
“Although Purno is no longer among us, the government is trying to achieve the goal he wanted to achieve,” he said.
“While I was playing with my friends, Biswajit Adhikary, whom I knew well, called me and I went near him and at that time four people grabbed me and set my mouth. They immediately threw me into the car while Adhikary was standing behind the car,” said the child who said that Adhikary was one of the kidnappers and he was also a man who his (children's) relatives are well known.
“The water supply scheme from the Jal Jeevan Mission was not available in Mawlai but now you will get it.
Ardent's remarks came after other political parties including the HSPDP, PDF and UDP had nominated themselves to the NPP to support the formation of the government.
He urged the police to arrest the dolloi and urged the politicians not to protect such a ruler who takes advantage of women and longkmie.
Zion was the new culture, the custom, the religion and the traditional belief of the Jews.
The first is that on the arrival of Mr.I.
U Lei Shyllong Syiem Shyllong was thanked and prayed for his success in the Raid of the Hima of Hynniewtrep.
Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) Western Ri Bhoi District, led by the President of the party, Bah Sumarlang Lyngdoh, on July 28, 2013, visited the border areas in Jirang Constituency.
Regarding the Kit ka Bah or Transport, he said that many of the buses and taxis come from abroad while those from the village do not earn anymore and many complain about this.
Similarly, at the Assembly held at Sohra in 1925 it was agreed, “That for other needs in the Hospitals (Jaїaw and Jowai) it was agreed that the Churches throughout the Country (Khasi-Jaiῆtia) They shall hold Hospital Sunday every year, which means one Sunday to speak or pray and to hold a service for the hospitals.
You can also check out the Facebook page called IAWJOWAL.
Far,fiber! we forget that there are still other intoxicants that are worse and more dangerous than alcohol.
Conrad said these volunteers can provide information to the government in case of floods or earthquakes, electricity and water supply outages or in case of transformer failure. ' and others.
Nicodemus knew that he was born only once from his parents, and although he was wise, he did not know about that second birth.
This is the first time that the Yogi Adityanath government has allocated funds to provide assistance to sick and homeless cows.
Later, the time came to decide on the People College. This college, which took several years, with the help of the Prime Minister, Nongtalang was approved as the People's College with the sanctioning of 40 posts. .
He said that this change in Tura will also attract tourists to Garo Hills as Garo Hills also has beautiful tourist attractions like Nokrek, Siju Creek and others. tourist attractions.
About 170 male and female athletes from all over the state took part in the tournament which was held at Tura.
We will be with Yahshua and the Father in heaven (Revelation 21:1,3,4).
This has reduced the electricity bills for the people.
Following the complaint of the two organizations, MePDCL engineers and leaders of the organization visited Suchen village on the 10th of this month to inspect the power outage in the village and also to implement the Saubhagya scheme. lane of Prime Minister Assistance Electricity Every Household Scheme.
If the Meghalaya and Assam governments do not take immediate action to bring peace, we will write to the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC),” he said.
Sachin scored half a hundred runs after missing a wicket while Saurabh scored a hundred runs by scoring seven runs.
Then on 29th and 30th November, 2023 the cleanliness will be for the North and South, as well as the inside of the office and on 1st March 2023, the cleanliness will be from part of the Nonbah River and the Nongstoin Market.
Shillong: The 3rd Mawpat Circle-II Football Tournament 2021 was organized by the Mawpat Circle-II on Saturday at Thohlyndit Stadium, Sohryngkham. They beat the Dream Clippers 1-0
“We still need to produce more religious leaders in our Religious State because we have a wide field of work in the Religious State,” said the Bishop.
The death toll has risen to 80,776 or 1.64 per cent.
“MEPA strongly condemns this crime committed by some robbers who took the law into their own hands by burning down a vehicle without any reason,” said the general secretary of MEPA. MEPA, Bah Philip Marwein in a statement released on Tuesday.
Ltd in Bivar Road, Maruf Elahi in Bivar Road, Beroline Khongshei in Laban, Mohendro Rapsang in Keating Road and Saini Pala in Motinagar.
Tomorrow's match will be the third time Lajong have played away from home after their first match against Mohammedan SC followed by Rajasthan United. the match is 1-1
Sumar Suting of Sohphoh won the Best Goalkeeper award, Embha Rymbai of Sohphoh won the Best Goalkeeper award and Top Scorer award went to Sumar Suting of Sohphoh. Desiderius Pyrtuh of Nongkhroh scored 7 runs.
Hawa Bagang, President of AAPSU, demanded an immediate investigation into the BRO chief and said he would discuss the matter with the state government.
He said that on the issue of lynrel, he will go to talk to the relevant department when he arrives in Delhi to resolve it.
Shillong, Naiwieng 4: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) has decided to ban foreign trucks from unloading dewbilat into the state without trading license and special permit. The income of the trucks of the state has been severely affected by the lack of access to the state.
The training under the Swachh Bharat Mission (Urban) has been launched in three schools including Govt.
The meaning of Langdongdai means 'Langdongdei' or 'Phlang'
Of this, the report said that T.25 lakh was allocated for the construction of the house, T.57.66 lakh was allocated for the purchase of equipment, furniture, books, and T.5.96 lakh. part of hiring employees.
He said that he cannot promise to give government jobs, but he will lead them.
The Rangbah Shnong, Bah S.Jyrwa, in the presence of the President of the Longkmie, Kong MD Syiem, President of the Samla, Samla R. Mawlong and the President of the VDP, Police have seized tens of liters of kyaid from four shops in the area including the shops of Helinda Kurbah, Marta Jyrwa, Beraboliin Nongsiej, Phidlain Kharngi. it is in the village of Umlaren.
During the meeting in Delhi, I discussed this and you promised that the work will start soon,” Prof. Sinha reminded the Prime Minister.
It was complained that the parking of these vehicles, has disrupted the traffic of vehicles, which should have passed through this narrow road.
Then after this their testimony (to Jesus) the Beast will make war against them and conquer and kill them within those 42 months.
The union urges the coal traders who cannot attend the meeting to join hands and for more information please call No.7629910206/9366003985, said a statement from Bah P Khongdup, Publicity Secretary.
President EJNC-CEC The Dorbar Shnong Muktapur would like to express its gratitude and appreciation to Bah SK Sunn, MLA Mawphlang Constituency for bringing forward the discussion on the International Border Issue especially the Muktapur APL. The Dibir Hoar area in Muktapur is one of the Adverse Possession Lands (APLs) of India on the border with Bangladesh.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pahuh Massar, Sordar of Raid Nongshken, said that this road is called Lyngkhat Tmar. faithful to use.
The hard work of the craftsman ends only in himself, whether it is trade or agriculture.
“They tell us, what will we do if the VPP wins only a few people, but I tell you that you have ruled for 51 years, what have you done to our people when they are many, but you have not made laws? you are only making money" he said.
Chwamiki Ryngkhlem took two wickets in seven overs and Richard Patwet took two wickets in seven overs.
He said that if Bah Kimfa is an intelligent and responsible person for the people of the constituency, he should have joined the NPP immediately as a full member, so that the people They cannot decide whether to follow him or stay in the Congress.
If there were any Village Authorities who thought for the welfare of the community, they would have removed this sohkyrdot which has stirred up the State Government, the Municipal, the District Authorities and the the general public.
Mourinho's sacking comes after United failed to play well on Sunday and it was reported that his failure to allow Paul Pogba to play on that day was a mistake. which led to his expulsion from the Club.
Speaking on the occasion, Pastor Thongni expressed his concern over the situation of the kur especially in relation to the marriage, as it seems that many people have divorced the kur. The kur from Thongni to Thongni rit, Thongni heh and so on, and through this distinction of the people of the kur in these ways has also caused them not to count sang anymore when they live together. Thongni to other thongni of many kinds.
Singh left 7 Race Course Road with his wife, which is the residence prepared by the government for the MRD of the country. He has not yet moved to the MRD's residence at Race Course Road and is still staying at Gujarat Bhawan.
There have been 892 new cases of Covid-19 in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 20,6
ONLINE CLASS IS NOT ENJOYABLE:— Although these online classes aim to provide all the training as usual in class but this is not the case.
Police have registered a criminal case at the Crime Branch Police Station, Eastern Range, Shillong under various sections of the Indian Penal Code and the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.
Perhaps like Sohra or other parts of these hills, with proper announcement of the beauty of the place, people from outside can come and stay, perhaps with the help of the authorities, they can be built. hotels are good and this will be a great benefit to the owners of the hotels.
Sidhu sent his resignation letter to Sonia Gandhi on Tuesday.
The BJP Women's Wing has strongly opposed the entry of Bah Shampliang into the NPP.
The court directed the state government to strictly follow the time limit for the auction of coal that has already been mined.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit also criticized the national parties by saying that the national parties are only rongser in the government for personal gain and forget the basis for They have been misled by other parties in power where the poor and farmers are still being oppressed in the state.
According to information received by this constituency, about three candidates from this constituency have campaigned for the election in this constituency and they include Bah Witness Sancly from this constituency. Badhok Nongmalieh from Mawtnum and Sarita Laitphlang from Shillong, but the Congress has not yet announced who is eligible to be nominated as the candidate from this constituency.
However, as Christians, the message we must proclaim/spread is that when we see these events we should not be surprised but rejoice that the scripture has been fulfilled and that the One who is coming is near.
Har expressed his desire to include Film as one of the subjects of study for the students.
Shillong: Replying to the debate on the budget of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) for the year 2020-2021, the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne said in the House that The council will soon open the courts in Nongpoh, Nongstoin and Mawkyrwat.
On Tuesday, Bah Marbud launched the MPLAD Scheme in Mawsiatkhnam and Mawlai Syllaikariah in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong, Village Authority and residents.
He said that the reason why he intends to join the PDF is because of the wishes of the people of Nongkrem constituency. “The Signature Campaign is ongoing but many of them have voted for the PDF,” said Bah Shylla. Recalling about his victory in KHADC, Shylla said that when he brought the NC against the EC, Pynshngaiñ N “Once I met with the HSPDP, the UDP said that it is now allowed to cooperate with the Congress, I don't understand anything. “I don't know why it was able to work with the Congress as soon as it met with the HSPDP,” said Bah Shylla.
“It is illegal because we don't say it is because they don't follow the customs of the Khasi,” he added.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is in charge of the Transport Department, said that the State Government has not yet suspended the plan to build a railway line in Khasi Jaintia Hills, but is still considering it.
The people can safely walk from the cliff of the falls towards down the falls.
There have been 82 new cases in the past 24 hours and 258 cases in Malegaon alone.
Singh, 66, who is also an MP from the Bharatiya Janata Party, denied the allegations and alleged that he was involved with the Congress. .
“For more than a year, the new MLAs of this Assembly have been appointed from the old MLAs but it is surprising that the members of the Block Development Monitoring Council are the people appointed by the defeated MLAs. At the end of the five-year term, the new MLAs send the names of the members of the committee to the government but until now many of the MLAs from the opposition have not received the members they have sent. If the government doesn't approve this soon, we will take to the streets to force the government on this and to expose the government's corruption and the insult to the people who elected us. ", said Mr. Ardent.
The Delhi Sultanate, on the other hand, flourished in the 13th century and led to the rule of the Mughal Empire followed by the conquest of the British Empire until the creation of the India has been independent since
The Puja was in the presence of Education Minister RC Laloo, MLA Paul Lyngdoh and Vice Chancellor of the Institute.
The program was organized by the National Commission for the Protection of Child Rights in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Commission, the Office of the Deputy Commissioner and the District Child Protection Unit.
“Today, we have started discussions on the MP and MDC elections and we have decided to unite to contest the upcoming elections,” said the Chairman of the RDA, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh. media after the event.
God speaks firmly, saying, If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.
This was announced by GSU President Zikku Balgra N Marak.
The Nongsawlia Church after FridayThe Nongsawlia Church before Friday.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Department of Sports and Youth Affairs today celebrated the National Sports Day with a program at the Tennis Court, JN Stadium Complex, Polo Ground, Shillong.
The meeting was held at New Hope Restaurant, Central Ward, Shillong where the President of the Forum, Bishop P Lyngdoh, explained four issues:
Shano Tariang scored the equalizer in the 46th minute but West Bengal turned the tide a few minutes later.
Speaking to media, Martina Lyttan, Incident Commander and Extra Assistant Commissioner, said that people have now begun to understand the importance of cleanliness and the presence of the disease. can be ignored without following the guidelines issued by the government either at home or at work.
Geleria also warned against the use of biomarker blood tests, or steroids, for those suffering from chronic illnesses, as they suppress the body's immune system and can strengthen the immune system. covid disease in the body of a person.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Veterinary Services Association (MVSA) has strongly condemned the assault on a doctor by the BSF troops at Muktapur and decided to demand a written apology from the BSF. The MVSA took this decision at an emergency meeting of the Central Executive Committee on Monday.
“This is one of the ways of raising funds for the church to build a new church and we do this every year,” said T.Bn Ngesstar.
According to a statement issued by the General Secretary of the RBYF, Bah AG Sten, the RBYF has requested all the members and leaders of the RBYF from different Units, Circles and Zones to The party expects that its members and leaders will attend the General Council on that day.
The coronavirus has been in the State for three months and after three months, we see that the State Government has begun to understand that the words red, orange, green and and so on, they have disappeared, but now the term containment zone or area under curfew is used.
Others scored 44 runs and only Mendy Adreena L Mawlong scored 10 runs.
Bangalore: A Khasi boy named Nicky Swer, 19, was found dead in his room in Jayanagar, Bangalore at 4 pm on Tuesday.
The pandemic can be scary and deadly, but it also teaches and encourages us to move forward with hope, not turn back to the world that used to be.
“Until now we have not had the opportunity to meet the MLA although I have tried to meet him.
Group 1 includes Manipur, Assam, Tripura and Nagaland.
We also share information with neighboring states in order to prevent.
From Mawdatbaki, F. Massar President, Chesterfield Pathaw Chief Organizing Secretary, J. Warjri Publicity Secretary and D Marbaniang Asst Secretary of Women's Wing.
On the 2023 election, Hek said, “As an MLA for 25 years, I have worked hard for the people of Pynthorumkhrah”.
R Nithya Ramraj (13.44s) and Sapna Kumari (13.58s) were the second and third behind Jyothi in the second and third places respectively. 2023 Asian Athletics Championships; The tournament will be held in Bangkok from the 12th to the 16th of next month.
Regarding this information and the finding that there are shops in the villages which sell at higher prices, the reporter asked the residents why they don't complain when there are such things. I don't want to be afraid or I don't want to reach the limit of my complaint.
Shillong: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Central Body led by Bah Roy Kupar have met with the Commissioner of Transport Department, IW Ingty to complain against the invitation of applications by the office regarding the post enforcement. Inspector and Enforcement Checkers in the Transport Department through an advertisement dated 16.07.19 to fill 6 posts of Inspector and 15 posts of Checkers in the Department.
The tournament was organized by the Umroi Women's Football Tournament.
As soon as they arrive in West Khasi Hills, the WKH police will take them back until they reach Tihjyrsieh Square where the ceremony has not been prepared.
Noting that there are many police officers involved in the shooting death of Bah Cherish, he said that they have conducted many investigations but they have not reached any conclusion.
“This adhoc appointment can lead to the appointment of relatives without any proper path,” he said.
To confirm the demand of the government to set up the C&RD Block, FKJGP leaders today met with the Village Leaders of Umsiang area, which is one of the backward areas. and which was far from Umsning, to seek support from the Rangbah Shnongs of the area.
President: Jimmy Phank 2.
When the family members learned that the girl had entered the auto, they tried to stop it, but the man did not stop and took her to a quieter place. It is also suspected that he did this in a more remote place.
The water level has risen sharply, although the rainfall has decreased significantly in the past two days and the state government has declared the Garo Hills area as a flood zone. at the risk of severe flooding.
She said that at such times when the nation needs selfless people to lead the country and the nation, they should be wise and intelligent to walk in the path of righteousness and justice. clean.
What is this short story in the book of Genesis? Babel was not the origin of mankind's sin or rebellion against God, it was not the origin of the languages ​​of the world, and it was not the beginning of the dispersion of nations around the world.
The motion, which was brought by Kong Ampareen, was defeated in the House.
The demand came after the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) demanded the removal of the idol of Ganesha from the office of the National Institute of Technology (NIT).
“We have been given information regarding the coal deposits.
“Prime Minister Narendra Modi has laid the foundation stone of a T.38 crore sports ground in Ampati in Mukul Sangma's constituency, a rain gauge in Sohra, a Rain Museum. and the Research Centre”.
The 3rd Above 40 Football Tournament 2023-24 was attended by Robertjune Kharjahrin, one of the candidates for the MP Election. village elders as well as supporters of both teams.
One of the residents of Umsyiem, while talking to this reporter, said that from Umsyiem to Dawki, it takes up to 5 hours to walk, due to the traffic jam, which usually takes only 2 minutes. .
Mukul also alleged that those who fight against the government are accused and prosecuted under anti-national laws, like those who oppose the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill The BJP government has not understood the feelings of the people of Assam and the North East.
Besides, the work and legal knowledge are the tools in the hands of Bah Robert Kharjahrin to advocate in the Supreme Court in New Delhi.
The GSMC also demanded that the government should set up a State Re Organization Commission as it was done during the partition of other states of India.
"We are hopeful that we will win again this time too," he said.
Nongstoin, July 14: U Rangbah of Rambrai area has committed suicide on the night of the 13th of this month. The victim was identified as Barless Marngar, 36 years old. The victim was identified as Barless Marngar, 36 years old.
Now they are only in memories.
So far, only the Congress and TMC have sent a letter to the Speaker Thomas A Sangma to recognize them and it is up to the Speaker whom he will elect as the Leader of the Opposition.
Condolences and best wishes were also received from the Vice President and Publicity Secretary of the unit.
Umsning, July 18: The President of the Vice People's Party (VPP) Ardent Basaïawmoit on Saturday criticized the government for taking measures following the outbreak of lumpy skin disease. ) by saying that instead of taking measures to help the cow farmers, the state government has instead intimidated the people to eat meat and drink milk.
While Modi was speaking and replying, the Opposition MPs left the Lok Sabha and were not present when the Prime Minister spoke on Manipur.
The Deputy Commissioner has regulated the operation of taxis and auto-rickshaws from 28th July, 2021 to 3rd November, 2021 from 6 pm to 6 pm as follows: For Taxis and auto-rickshaws will operate only within the Shillong Urban Agglomeration and surrounding areas, ie, areas within the boundary of the Municipal Cantonment. Census Towns and Villages in Mawlai C&RD Block Census Towns and Villages in Mawpat C&RD Block Villages in Mylliem C&RD Block mentioned above.
And David, a man after God's own heart, was the writer of the psalms and songs of praise in the Bible.
He said that such a program has also been allocated to be held separately in the areas expected to be affected by the earthquake.
“Who has the right to implement the Building Act and how can the people get permission,” he said.
It is learned that a village in Rynjah, is named after a young woman, who is believed to be a puriblei, who came from Lum Shyllong, who has settled in this village and until now, The name of the village was Rynjah.
However, at present I don't accept because I don't know because I don't know this person and he is not a Meghalayan to challenge what we are doing for the state,” said Prestone.
The UDP has announced the name of Bah Marngar among the four candidates who have applied for ticket. Other candidates who have applied for ticket from the UDP are Martilin Rymbai, Tarsis Mawlot and and JTS Thongni.
In North Garo Hills, one person tested positive for Covid-19 from Pynthorbah, Shillong. One case is a shopkeeper and one case is from outside the state. .
“The time has demanded that we stand up to fight against the problems and also that we should not be like other states, where foreigners rule and the villagers have to leave by the elders.
“CPI General Secretary D Raja has said that his party will not take part in the programme.
He said that this method of killing is very cruel as reported by the villagers.
Furthermore, the leaders of the state have ordered them to provide proof that they are from Assam, but these people have not been present at all and this has caused doubt to the leaders of the Seng and therefore they have been asked. They said that the Swift with the number plate AS01 DD 9398 was not allowed to take them to Shillong.
He said about Rs 6000 crore has been allocated for the North Eastern States under the Oil Palm Mission.
The protest will start with a meeting near All India Radio at 11 pm and 10 people from one Dorbar of the villages in the city and surrounding areas were invited to the protest. The smaller council was called to come as soon as they felt able.
The selected players will be invited back to the final test at the Residential Academy in Bellary.
Speaking on the occasion, NCP Meghalaya President Saleng A Sangma said that the party is still strong although other parties have started to stir up trouble in these two months. three months and try to publicize their work issues.
She said that the government through its MPDA Act will not be able to extinguish the fire that has burned in the hearts of patriots.
In 2018, the BJP has set many targets for the state.
“The Hima has approved that the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram is the manager and manager of the Mawjym Krem which is an ancient place of religious importance and one of the tourist attractions in the Hima Mawsynram. The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah Lyrshai Langpeng has written a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District on July 17, .
It is learned that until now, most of the imports of pylleng have been from Andhra Pradesh, except for some such as han pylleng and syiar pylleng which can be imported from Assam.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 157 new cases have been confirmed and 1462 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Hindustan Steelworks Construction Ltd was awarded the construction of the building in 2015 and will be completed by November 2018. The design was designed by Schematic Consultants, Salk Lake City, Kolkata.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Seven land owners from Tynger village under Shella district have lodged a complaint and notice against Lafarge Surma Cement Limited and Lafarge Umiam Mining Private Limited, which has sought clarification on the allegation that the company has illegally mined coal from their land.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, has informed that although vehicles will be allowed to travel commercially, only a few vehicles will be allowed to travel. you are an odd and even number.
The meeting was conducted by Ladrymbai OP SI W Nongtdu and Traffic Incharge SI ASR Lakiang.
In order for Meghalaya to grow in income, the railway is essential but how to implement the rules and regulations against foreigners is in the hands of the Government departments. State.
While the police were waiting, they were following the orders of the government, but as soon as they turned around, the police started smoking cigarettes and smoking cigarettes.
The Apex Council will continue to promote cricket in the state, by starting from an early age in all the districts affiliated to the MCA, by providing sports grounds so that Meghalaya can will be able to participate in BCCI tournaments with the aim of promoting such a sport through the development of youth talent.
In Tripura, there have been eight new cases, bringing the total number of cases to 1,1
He said he has tried to gather information from every village in the area and as of now, the people have started turning to the HSPDP candidate Methodius Dkhar.
Whether it is the Congress or NPP government, the fact is that the Meghalaya government in 2011 has prepared a revenue map and submitted it to the Assam government showing that there are up to 12 disputed areas.
“The second part of the problem we are facing is because all the electricity generation is through hydro projects and when there is a shortage of water, this affects all the units including the Central Units as well.
At the same time, an order has been issued to withdraw the BSF personnel who were involved in patrolling Tura.
Lumpariat and Chutwakhu are the two other teams that have qualified for the quarterfinals of the Second Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
Besides the villages, containment has been declared from the entry points from Dawki to Jowai Road, Dawki Boating Point and Dawki PHC to Tamabil.
This happened between 530 and 420 BC. It was their second invasion.
The children were informed about this special day which is celebrated all over India to spread the message on the importance of education and the rights of children.
Nobin led the police from this place to the place where two other GNLA members including Salgra D. Sangma, 18, of Dalu, Magupara, West Garo Hills and Sengsang R. Marak, They were arrested by the police in Resubelpara, North Garo Hills.
Regarding the KHADC's issuance of forms to collect information from Khasi traders, Bah Lyngdoh said it is appropriate because it will help the Khasi traders to strengthen their income so that they can earn a living. , to escape the land grabbing by the Dkhars and to destroy the Benami.
U Bah SD Khongwir, who is also the former MLA of Mawlai, sent a short letter to Rupang, in which we published as follows – After receiving information that the Dolloi of Nongjngi Elaka I had a thought that I should go to his village as a tribute to the man whom I had taken part in promoting to the rank of Dolloi through the general elections in Nongjngi Elaka.
NL Talang, Secretary IELMC, said that the market of Lakadong District which used to be held at Borghat village (known as Borghat Market) will reopen from the 9th of October.
Through the Uniform Civil Code (UCC), the same Personal Laws will be introduced throughout India, including the laws or customs on marriage, Divorce, Adoption, Maintenance and Succession and Inheritance.
At the same time, the MLA urged the Chief Minister and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh to upgrade the Umkiang PHC to a CHC. Opening of PHC in Sumer Sirdarship and Health Sub Center in Hingaria Village.
If the first day is right, Bah Ardent and the MLAs from North Shillong, Mawlai and Sohryngkham will not rest the MDA-II government. It will be good news if the Liangpyrsha is strong enough to overthrow the government.
Shillong, Jymmang 22 : U Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya and National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP), Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday warned the BJP not to corrupt the MDA government. I don't know whether they are behind the scenes or what they are trying to do but they are trying to do it with the intention of deceiving the people. “I want to tell the BJP that the people of the state are smart and don't fool them because they are not stupid at all”.
BJP leader BL Santosh, who conducted the workshop for media in the districts of Rajasthan, called for thorough monitoring, continuous operation and ability to to answer many questions in which all these were part of the struggle for the victory of the party.
The people in this regard do not look too much at the party in which those leaders belong but at the personal characteristics of the leaders.
Thombor Shiwat said this in the 10-day Legislative Assembly on Friday while participating in the discussion on the motion on the inordinate delay in the Assam-Meghalaya Interstate Boundary Dispute. It has been more than 49 years since the full state was brought in by Dawan Lyngdoh, in place of Lakhon Dkhar, who was unable to attend the dorbar for unavoidable reasons.
However, one of the participants from the opposition expressed the view that Artificial Intelligence is dangerous according to the signs.
She said that she had many problems while living in the house because she had been living there for a long time.
Dean Henderson will be allowed to join Nottingham Forest if Onana becomes a full-time United player.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: U Bah Harkin Warjri, former President of the Congress Youth Congress in Mawkynrew, on Tuesday said that the Congress party has been divided in the area. only because of the influx of foreigners, in which those people have rebelled against the party.
Regarding the mini secretariat, Alan said that if the government wants to build a mini secretariat in Jowai, the government should find a place elsewhere that is suitable, large enough, with roads and should not be built. PWD North is located in the area where the road is narrow.
You must not create a new course.
It is said that when he was in these cards, he used to hear and talk even when he was young.
Also present on the occasion were Mylliem MLA RV Lyngdoh, Sohra MDC Donevan Kharwanlang, IAS Dr Shreeranjan. RM Mishra, IAS, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah PS Dkhar, Syiem of Mylliem Hima, school children, Rangbah Shnong and others.
The reason for the arrest of these vehicles was to avoid any clashes, after the incident of shooting dead by Assam police of Khasi in Mukroh.
Forty kinds of events have taken place in our time.
Singh Mulieh is a man who loves education and is one of the founders of the MISU ME School in Mihmyntdu. At the secondary level, this school is known as Mihmyntdu Secondary School, Mihmyntdu.
Wallang said that besides the funds received from the Basin (MBDA), for the completion of this project; The State Rural Employment Society (SJS) has also implemented the Mahatma Gandhi Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme.
It is a very pleasant story to hear and even the King of Bilat will be shocked when he knows and hears it.
“Don't talk nonsense or I'll bomb,” said the mother who was still breathing heavily.
Because it is difficult for the government to provide a landfill, the WRC is the most appropriate step in separating the rotten and non-rotten waste and those that can be reused or to recycle.
Shillong, March 21 : The High Court (HC) of Meghalaya has ordered the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) to respond within four months to the government's proposal to evict 342 households from Mawlong Market. .
At present we cannot say anything because the SEC will have to look into it first and it is up to the decision of the party leaders,” he said.
She said that although she has not been able to meet the Prime Minister after many attempts, the party will not lose hope but will raise its demands by sending a letter to the Prime Minister, petitions, MP, MLA and Lat of the state.
For the good purpose of the Association, this is so that these things will not happen again because such things happen from time to time.
The vehicle was later found at a distance of two kilometers, but the driver was no longer inside the vehicle and fled into the forest.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District has announced the release of Khaw Ration for the month of October, 2022 in East Jaintia Hills District.
JOWAI: Twenty-seven MDCs of the JHADC have given their full support to Dr. Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) on Tuesday. Jemino Mawthoh is the joint candidate of the MDA government for the Lok Sabha MP election to be held on 11th June.
These four kurs include the Lyngdoh Marbaniang, the Minister of Sohtun, Kharkongor, Kurkalang, Nongkhlaw, and the 11 kurs include Syntengnongbih, Kharnubon, Kharmawphlang, Kharlukhi, Langstieh, Warkynthah, Kharlang, Warnongjri, Syntenghar, Kharmon and Mylliemlong.
Nongpoh, June 22: Mawlasnai Parish today won the Inter Parish Football Tournament 2022 of Zone VII held at Nongrah Umroi Village Stadium. Mawbri Parish in the match for the title of the tournament.
Sub-Divisional Magistrate (SDM) Sanjay Kumar Rai visited the health center to visit the children who have become ill.
He said that Baikam which falls under Ratacherra section has about 37 households belonging to the Khasi-Pnar community and now the village falls under Assam.
However, we forget that there were those Government employees who laid the foundation stones so that this Center could build various problems due to the changing times.
Indian cricketer Shubman Gill, who is suffering from dengue fever, will miss the second match of the 2023 Cricket World Cup against Afghanistan, the BCCI has confirmed. Gill was ruled out of the squad for the first match against Australia at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai due to a stroke that lasted for several days.
The drivers of bapli vehicles have been harassed in their daily livelihood, whether they understand it or not.
The JSM has given six months to these foreign workers to provide their documents and if they fail to provide, the JSM will take strict action.
There has been a lot of debate by women and even lawyers within the country on such incidents and how to come up with solutions to curb it.
“We are waiting for the date to be announced by the Election Commission and the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee will intensify its election campaign in the coming days,” he said.
Until now, no one has been identified as the perpetrator of the attack by encouraging the 16-year-old boy to attack inside the church.
The Meghalaya High Court on 7th November has directed the state government to come up with a plan to address the water shortage in Shillong.
The Miss Tourism Youth Development Society (MTYDS) in collaboration with Glamanand Supermodel India on the 16th of this month at Bakur, Dawki. 21 years.
The HNLC will not be responsible for those MLAs who support the CM, the HNLC will not be responsible if anything happens after them because the government will not be able to protect you for 24 hours or all 5 hours. The statement said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
According to information, these MLAs have not applied for tickets from the Congress yet although there is only 10 days left.
Donlad, who escaped in his first attempt by Raikutshisha Buam, but within a few minutes, he got another chance and didn't miss it. Romarius' goal came from a pass after he passed the ball and in the shootout, the player scored his fourth goal of the season. come out pli he has fulfilled his purpose to score the last goal of his team.
In a letter sent on October 14, the Chinese Embassy and Consulates General in India said it will start issuing more types of Chinese visas.
He concluded his speech by leading the reading of the soskular or pledge to all the participants.
The bridge was first discovered in 2009, said Eleaser and since then, efforts have been made to improve it by cutting down the trees.
Remember conrad some day these shifted congress lover will led your party down.
Their discussion about the child in the womb continued.
Investigators said that the bomb was planted at the time because there was no battery or wire in the area.
He said that as a young man who has completed all the requirements, the police department should have explained from that time, that they should not waste their time, to run, to prepare books but why they refuse to The name of the applicant has been misrepresented, even though the age is still sufficient at the time of application and it is the delay of the police department in releasing the result.
He said that the sad thing is that many of the leaders when they won they have done a lot of work in distributing shawla, blankets, sniang, syiar and they have also claimed that the schemes they have brought to the people, It is theirs and how can they not be ashamed if they have not taken it from the pla, but it is given by the government and it is the right of the people.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rangbah Shnong of the village, Bah W.Shangpliang, said that in fact the land belongs to Steid Dkhar and the area of ​​the land is 31.825 acres but 10 acres of it has been bought. Patricia Nongsiej said that the two owners had decided to sell sop sop to the army and had destroyed the houses of the residents of the area which had 15 houses and 10 houses. Shangpliang said that the village authorities have not received any information about the destruction of the houses by the land owners but it came suddenly.
Uranium will not affect living things and the environment unless it is mined and processed but they are just trying to open Pandora's box. This is evidenced by the terrible and shocking incidents of uranium mining around the world and in Jaduguda (India).
The author of this book of poetry Truemen M Sangma said that this is his first book of poetry and in this book of poetry “KA'TONGNI SULRANG” there are 21 poems. various themes have been taken to shape the book in the form of poetry.
The Minister also thanked the Village Authorities of Khliehriat Village, who are working hard and vigilantly to prevent and control the spread of Covid-1
Furthermore, for the sake of public safety and security, an order has been issued under Section 144 CrPC issued on 11.07.2023 to prohibit the movement of public or any The residents have been directed to cooperate with the district authorities while the work is ongoing.
They also suggested that the government should create a deficit for Adhoc teachers, recruit more teachers in colleges, recognize teachers teaching in private colleges and create more teachers. colleges that train teachers to train themselves.
The Word says clearly, If we do evil, don't try to hide it from the 9 generations. Remember that God will raise us up to reveal it in the light. hiding place somewhere no matter how quietly we try to hide she will someday distract and give us a warning.
Speaking on the occasion, Bishop Victor Lyngdoh, expressed his gratitude to God and all the benefactors who have helped in the construction of this large and beautiful church, prayer house and dwelling place of God. .
He said that from 2017 to 2021, the income has been about T.184000/- from the sale of timber.
JSU Central Body Treiborlang R Suchen witnessed the match as the chief guest in the presence of War Jaintia Circle General Secretary Kerrydiam Lamin as the symbud chief guest.
At present, there are 22 Centers in Tnadlaskeiñ Block with Education Volunteers and others to provide training to the children. and those who have completed Graduate studies.
After he took the money from me, he disappeared, but when I called him, he didn't answer my call,” said Kong Suiam.
On the 24th, Mookyrdup will play against Unshangiar at 10 pm, while Sohmynting Dongneiñ will play against Khliehmyntdu Neinchnong Mihmyntdu at 12 noon.
The total number of recoveries is 9,368 and the death toll is
All the factories come to set up factories in the forest area and according to the Indian Forest Act, it is prohibited to set up factories in the forest area but why does the government allow it,” said the president of KSU Narpuh circle.
He said that the CCIB wants that when the government wants to get the voice of the people it should go immediately to hold public meetings and not just invite them inside the office. Even inside the office, the government does not invite those who have land within 150 yards but only those who have land within 11 meters.
On the other hand, Bah JTS Thongni, former Congress MDC from Rambrai Jyrngam, has joined hands to extend his full support to Bah KP Pangñiang, candidate of the HSPDP. He said that his joining the Congress in the past years was a mistake because he was deceived by the clean words of the Congress, but in the end he turned away.
I feel that now there has been more and more the need to close the gate of the Secretariat, the interruption of discussions on both sides of the case and on the other side,” she said.
The Synod was represented by Dr. Fenela Lyngdoh Nonglait, Standing Counsel of KJPSS while Pastor Pyrtuh was represented by Lawyer Kishore Ch Gautam.
Regarding this decision, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has already issued a notice that in Ri Bhoi District, no markets will be allowed to open within the district.
He added that a meeting was also held yesterday to discuss the affected areas in Jaintia Hills and at this meeting NHAI officers were directed to inspect and see to improve the situation. to the street".
“The Prime Minister has promised that even if not all, he will release the salaries of the MCCL employees and this will be done within 10 months,” said Titossterwell.
No matter how much you manage, you will never be able to manage them again.
What is more worrying is the way the ball is played.
The word FILTER means in the Khasi word JIAR or SNAID.
As a reminder that since about 30 years ago it was forbidden that Shillong would experience such a traffic jam.
Shillong, July 29: Senior leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today visited Mawsynram to strengthen the Circle in preparation for the 2018 elections.
Earlier, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, had assured the leaders of the Khasi Author's Society (KAS) that the special session would be held after the Diwali holiday. The preparations for the MLA elections in Mizoram are expected to be completed by the first month of November 2018, as most of the MLAs are in Mizoram.
Of this, Rs 139.12 crore has been paid to M/S Nice Infotech.
“There was a review to take groundwater with scientific techniques, water quality, and suitability for use.
The Minister said that he intends to hold a meeting with various groups and this will be done in the new year.
The Tipbriew TipBleiThe Tipkur TipkhaLives with the Right to Earn These rights are the foundations of our human dignity.
Nongpoh, July 17: The Ri-Bhoi Police Department today honored Alan Sun Marbaniang, one of the prominent wrestlers in the state who is also a UBC. He has brought fame and glory to the state and the police department as a whole by winning two silver medals at the 44th National Arm Wrestling 2022 which was held recently. in Hyderabad.
In Chattisgarh, which has 90 constituencies in 2018, the Congress is in power but this time it has been defeated by the BJP. which has increased from 15 in 2018 to 54 this year.
Thanks to the heavy rainfall which has revealed the failure of the road construction plan of the PWD department, there were no injuries to the passengers.
Because, it is he who explains and directs how to do it.
Expressing his gratitude to the district authorities for taking this step to start the investigation, he said that the Government is ready to move forward in issuing the dismissal order to protect anyone. -who you want to protect.
The Headmastress of Don Bosco SS, Kong D Pasi, besides expressing her gratitude to the MLA, said that it was on the 50th Anniversary of 2019, that they expressed their gratitude to the MLA. the need to build a wall and now it has been fulfilled.
Furthermore, it was learned that there was also an inscription on the wings of this parrot in a language that could not be understood.
When we read the old books about the debates in the Legislative Assembly, it is interesting to read.
Who is the HNYF member when we meet the Executive Committee?” said the EM of the Council.
In one of the interviews, Russell was asked whether he still plans to act again in Gladiator and he replied that time doesn't allow him and now he needs to turn around and turn your attention to other aspects of the films.
There are still more than 2,500 cases of the virus in the body.
Members of the KSU West Khasi Hills District, led by Johnfisher Nongsiang President and Rishot Kharbani General Secretary, today expressed their opposition to the proposal of the District Administration to hold a hearing on the issue of for the two lane road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji and Ranikor.
Ravi Manar was named the top scorer of the league and scored four goals for Chnongklor Fc.
As Meghalaya has fallen into the abyss of corruption and fraud, there has been a debate on how and where the Christian Church stands at such a time.
The Government of Meghalaya has not complained about the construction of Assam in this sector.
And they said, Wherefore hath the LORD done thus unto this land? And this house? And they said, Because they forsook the LORD God of their fathers, which brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, and laid hold on other gods, and worshiped them, and served them: bring not this evil upon them" 2 Chronicles 7:2
On the other hand, Bah Herbert congratulated the people and urged them to continue to plant more trees in the area.
He recalled the recruitment of 360 General Nursing and Midwifery (GNMs) vacancies in district hospitals and health centers in the state. government does not have a written test.
In this era of unemployment, the government should also develop a plan and policy on how to really develop the farmers which will be a source of employment for the youth. The spirit of the people is only a promise in writing and without any work to improve the farmers or even the unemployed youth.
To date, Summersalt has released four songs from the album.
The silence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, although it has shocked the workers of the factory and the residents of the Sohra area, is the first to urge him and the Government to improve all these things.
The DMHO has sent two teams to conduct awareness campaigns across the villages in Ri-Bhoi District.
The five demands were to change the system of Khardar rule in the country, to change the system from Panchayat to Parliament and 80% participation of the youth. The demand is that the government should pay allowance to the educated youth who are unemployed, to introduce the working hours for politicians as well as for government employees, to abolish They also demanded that the elections should be conducted at the expense of the government so that the poor can participate. For the benefit of the people, the Chief Minister and Prime Minister should be elected by the people and not by the MLAs and MPs. drugs to liberate the youth of the country.
Shillong, November 9: The Government of India today signed a memorandum of understanding with the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IF AD) to provide $50 million as funding for the implementation of the MEGHA. : LA MP) in Meghalaya which aims to improve the income of the people of the state in the rural areas.
Shillong, Jymmang 28 : Three persons who have been identified as the top leaders of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) have surrendered to the West Garo Hills Police.
Dalima Nessa, headmistress of Hurkachungi ME School in Goalpara district of Assam, was arrested.
The winners of this tournament will face each other in the final, which will be held on 29th November at 4 pm at the First Ground.
There are about 1600 Nokmas in Garo Hills, of whom 1300 are members of the Grand Council.
Murmu will first visit Tura, the district headquarters of West Garo Hills District, to open the Meghalaya Games on the 15th of this month.
Any decision that affects personal gain or the gain of others is a decision that will affect the future of future generations.
“We want the Prime Minister to be more aggressive in this regard to meet with the Central Government,” he said.
She said she will prepare herself to climb Mount Makashang and hopes that it will be the one that people will talk about as they talk about her father and brother.
The king became angry and ordered that all the wise men, magicians, enchanters, and soothsayers in his kingdom be put to death.
During his visit to Jaintia Hills to lay the foundation stone for the construction of Rymbai Govt SS School at a cost of T.3 crore and visited Sahksaw, one of the tourist attractions run by the San Shnong Welfare Association, Mukhaialong said: He said that the truck unions and factories should arrange among themselves the transportation fee for new goods.
It is learned that the youth had gone to swim in the river with some of his friends.
Many who come to this area, want the road to be improved because this is a place that is needed from time to time.
Ohiwot Laloo, District Commissioner (S), West Jaintia Hills said that in the past, World Brotherhood Day was known as World Brotherhood Day for men and Thinking Day for women. Founder's Day.
The club has also signed an extension contract for youngster Lalchungnunga in November
“We didn't think that the vote would change within 3 days, we didn't think that the Garo people would betray us who have done good to them just because of the decline of 4/5 government ministers to feed pigs and “It's Christmas,” said Pangniang while talking to Rupang.
The purpose of the program for the students is to provide training to the youth on the dangers of drugs and other illegal beverages. This has led to the destruction of many young people who have become addicted to these alcoholic beverages.
The meeting was attended by Bah Phrangsngi Rangslang, General Secretary, HYC Tyrsad Circle.
The number of cases in India in the past 24 hours has risen to 3.68 lakh, the death toll to 3,417, bringing the total number of deaths to 2,18,9
Besides Bah Samlin, other parties have nominated candidates including UDP, Congress, TMC, BJP and HSPDP. It has donated three Hemodialysis Machines, two Cardiac Monitor Machines, one Ultrasound Machine and two Dialysis Couches to the Civil Hospital. Shillong.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that the State has achieved a special milestone by reaching 4,71,544 households who have received water supply systems in Household, accounting for 72.37%.
Julius Dorphang said the purpose of the festival is to preserve these birds from Siberia.
The KSU also expressed its regret that although the University Grant Council has announced from 2020, the education department of the state government and the North Eastern Hills University, which is the only university, have not announced the grant. That many colleges have not been arranged in advance to prepare for the implementation of CUET and to educate students to prepare themselves.
Another mother, Aisil Lynshing from Mawlong-Mawtari, said that she could not leave her six-month-old child. shibnai sha home because she is still living on food and at the same time she said that she cannot leave or listen to the destruction of her homes because now that im without ing without sem.
Buckingham, who led Mumbai City FC to a second place finish in the group stage last season, expressed his delight to have the opportunity to play in the tournament once again.
The political situation in Meghalaya is very different and every five years about 20 to 30 MLAs are defeated and replaced by new ones.
To create employment opportunities for the youth, we have also discussed this.
On Thursday, Pay For Right Football Academy beat Mawkriah West 12-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
Ma Pearlet Toi in his speech said that November 30th is a day of mourning because the British Government took the life of Woh Kiang Nangbah.
“The North East Regional Political Front (NERPF) of which the UDP is a member attended a meeting of the Third Front in the city recently,” said the BJP leader. party workers to nominate candidates from Shillong and Tura.
The conflict between the Pnar and Karbi sides has been going on for three months and there have been attempts to talk peace but to no avail.
The woman, Anjali Jain, went to the court of Chief Justice Dipak Misra in the presence of two judges, Justice AM Khanwilkar and DY Chandrachud and told the judges that she wanted to live with him. they are their parents.
The entire road from Jerusalem to DC is one way.
There will be a Variety Show -Dancing Competition- on the 15th June 2019 and the entry fee is only Rs.100/- each.
He said this on the grounds that in the last 40 years, the KSU leaders and other Sengbhalang leaders have fulfilled their duty by informing the government on many issues. including in the fields of health, employment and education, but unfortunately, no policy has been seen to benefit the students within the state of Meghalaya.
The meeting was held today at the Rashtrapati Bhavan Cultural Centre, New Delhi.
As of Monday morning, no one has claimed responsibility for the blast at the Shah Cheragh shrine, but it is believed that it was an attack by Iranian militants.
Earlier, Bah Bindo M Lanong of the UDP said that the opposition will not attend the meeting without first getting clarity on the grounds and conditions on which the government has to call for discussion on the 6th. Scheduled.
He said that this road is related to law and order and the PWD department should seek information from the district administration.
However, what is surprising is why not a single siren has reported these incidents.
It was in collaboration with the newly formed Special Task Force (STF) of Assam Police and Kamrup Police.
I see that there has been a change when the government announced through the villages to use these masks, to help prevent the spread of COVID-1
Perhaps the reason is because the government has not given any public awareness on this or perhaps the people don't want or don't want to.
UDP leaders from General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh, CEM Teinwel Dkhar, former MLA Embhahlang Syiemlieh, Paul and others attended the ceremony. They laid a wreath at the statue of Tirot Singh at Iewrynghep Square, Shillong, to commemorate him.
“Meghalaya is one, please don't try to distinguish us by being Khasi or Garo,” he said in reply to whether the prime ministerial candidate should be from Khasi or Garo.
Also present on the occasion were Raid Rangbah AL Thangkhiew alias Io, Bah Everest Thangkhiew, Bah R Thangkhiew alias Pun. Also present on the occasion were Clarissa Thangkhiew Superintendent of Taxes ( Retd) of the State Government and Marcle Thangkhiew, close relatives of Manosha Thangkhiew, and their relatives.
They are currently undergoing special treatment.
Almost all the issues that the government takes, if it is good, all the parties in the government will admit that they are involved. they will avoid admitting complicity.
The Chief Minister said that he will write to the Chief Minister of Manipur, the Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs. punish these wicked men severely.
Dr. Milton S. Sangma has written in detail about this incident.
The CEM will hold other departments that are not given to other EMs. On the other hand, the CEM said that he has not yet decided whether to hold office or not.
It is not the appointment of the Governor, because how can the Governor recognize us, but he has to confirm what the Government has elected and sent to him, according to the Constitution.
Paul Lyngdoh was accompanied by MLAs Renikton L Tongkhar, Methodius Dkhar and Remington G Momin, MDCs Bajop Pyngrope and Gigur Myrthong, Deputy Commissioner. Patowary was accompanied by senior officials of the Assam Government including the DC and SP of Kamrup District and officials from the Forest Department.
Shillong: The Hima Khyrim has received a synrum vehicle to clean up the Smit Market and surrounding villages with the assistance of the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem. Smit, on 12th November 2023, which was funded by the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund 2022-2
Shillong: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA today, said that this is a rumour.
According to the JACATAM leaders, all the teachers from different groups including Adhoc, Deficit System, Deficit Pattern have come to join hands except for a few teachers who are waiting like ksew to work. pig.
However, after a few days the work resumed and has continued till date.
The border dispute is one example of the lack of laws and regulations to prevent illegal border crossing and also to prohibit the village leaders from selling or leasing land.
In the first half, Lumpariat beat Dongmihsngi 2-0 goals, P.Marboh in the 25th minute and Rihok Chyrmang in the 80+2nd minute.
After a thorough investigation, it was found that this news was fake news on social media through texting each other in group Whatapp but perhaps this message has spread quickly.
The Secretary, Treasurer and lawyers of the party will submit their counts and documents on Friday to comply with the request of the Election Commission. The Lok Sabha elections have not yet been submitted and the results will be submitted on Friday.
From Mairang, the Congress has given the ticket to Bah Lawrence Basaiawmoit, Minister of Hima Nongkhlaw.
There is no truth in the persecution of Christians in Meghalaya.
“In this regard, we give glory to God the Creator who has done His merciful works.
Suchen said that many types of training have been implemented by the MSSDC which have been assisted by NGOs like SURE. He also urged the trainees to take advantage of the training so that they can produce goods that they can sell in these places.
Initially, the workers under the umbrella of CCORMAU had staged a strike and given a deadline of 48 hours to resolve the issue but after discussions, CCORMAU has given a deadline of 48 hours. “We understand that the current problem faced by the department is one that has been going on for several years,” he said.
He not only discovered new instruments but also discovered how to play these new instruments.
“Your visit to the North-Eastern Hill University will be a journey to share knowledge in this era,” he added.
“The stay of young children away from their parents faces many challenges especially the temptations that bring discouragement to the parents, but if they get the opportunity to stay in these places “The hostels will be a blessing to them because they have their own caretakers,” said Bah Renik. “In the hostels, the youth cannot do whatever they want but they have to enter and leave by the hostels. for.
He said that under the scheme, the government will provide assistance to the farmers from the money and techniques on how to farm.
The sad thing in our country is that the voters are eager to support the people who can do good and not the wise and intelligent lawmakers who can bring in good laws and regulations.
The State Government has taken action regarding the conduct of the Common University Entrance Test (CUET)-UG-2024 which has caused a stir within NEHU and has decided to write to the Central Government. Speaking to media, the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma, said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has also taken action on this issue. Members of the National Testing Agency (NTA) and NEHU have been invited to a meeting held on the 16th of this month to discuss the incident. Rakkam said the CM has also taken steps to talk to the central government and the NTA for the benefit and welfare of the students.
It is urgent to inform the farmers and to surprise the state government,” said Talukdar.
It is learned that the man was waiting for the vehicle and for some reason he came to the front of the truck and was hit by the rear wheel of the truck.
After a while in the second half, Patsha Syiem of Mawpdang SC scored the second goal which helped the team to win the match.
Two goals were scored by Shemborlang Kharjahrin in the 15th minute and Iainehskhemlang Jyrwa in the 58th minute.
Assam Police later arrested three persons from the truck and took them to Jrikyndeng Police Station, Karbi Anglong.
Nongpoh: The President of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) has expressed his deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Wa Linda Binong of Nongagang, Marngar. 27th June at my residence at Mody University, Rajasthan.
Speaking to Rupang, Ahluwalia praised the venue for the competition and said, “I have been in this business for 16 years but this venue is the best. really nice and the control system is also perfect.
Regarding this unfounded allegation by the college, the students are filled with sadness and despair because they did not think that the college would be a stumbling block for their bright future.
“Narendra Modi has declared Self Reliant India to develop India but many of the youth complain that they do not receive the assistance allocated for the unemployed youth even after the They have received a letter of approval from the Factories Department, KHADI, MSME Department in which the banks claim that there is no assistance allocated for the unemployed youth,” he said. .
The train left Karnataka on 19th July 2020 at 9 pm with 1403 youths stranded in Karnataka and neighboring states.
Therefore, after receiving the information, the Seng immediately went to provide assistance to this family with the relief measures that the Seng has already prepared.
On the issue of MUDA's boundary crossing to the District Council, Khongwir said that if MUDA shows the size of its land to Delhi, it will get a little money but with the showing. The largest area in Delhi has been allocated a large amount of money.
Since Mawshynrut has received a Civil Sub Division, all the requirements especially those related to government offices such as the implementation of the 100 days scheme and others have had to go to Riangdo.
Tissue growth: Vitamin C is also known as ascorbic acid and is essential for the growth and maintenance of all tissues in the body.
In the women's singles, Pratiksha Joshi (EKH) won the title.
We also know that the BJP government in Delhi was led and run only by these two while the other Ministers were just images.
What is your job? It was to make a peace treaty with Israel, and Israel killed many people at that time.
It took some 1,600 years to write the Bible into one book.
Now let us look at the road department of the state.
We have many Self Help Groups (SHGs) which we have established in this Government which have never been established before.
The victory has taken Chennaiyin to three points from six games so far.
On the incident, the OC said that they have registered a case against the suspect after receiving a complaint from Lynshing and are conducting investigation to arrest the suspect.
In the women's category, Mawshynrut will play against Shallang Block at 1 pm, while in the men's category, Mawshynrut will play against Rambrai Block at 2:30 pm.
“The market visitors as well as the market dwellers and villagers in the area who come to market at Borghat market should take this news as an information,” said a statement from IELMC.Ka West Jaintia Hills Taxi The Owners and Drivers' Association (WJHTODA) has taken the initiative to provide foodgrains to the drivers and also to three children's homes in West Jaintia Hills District.
Therefore, we already have laws, but implementation is weak.
“We will get a candidate who can surprise the people because he has a goal to win from Ranikor,” said Congress MLA David Nongrum.
The Seng Kut Snem has been celebrated by the people who still hold fast to the traditional religion of the Khasi since it was founded in 1899 by 16 leaders of the Seng.
She said they want to complete it because the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma wants to inaugurate it on the 10th of this month.
Shillong, March 13: The theft of ATMs in Madanrting has increased in the past few months. An ATM of the State Bank of India in Mylliem has been robbed and destroyed in a river near the ATM.
She also thanked the state government under the leadership of the Prime Minister for its support to the MTTA for holding this national tournament.
This church was founded by Babu Hajom Kissor Singh Lyndoh Nongbri in Jowai, on the 18th November,
VECV offers a wide range of products, from 4.9-55T GVW trucks and buses with 12-72-seats.
“The deterioration of the road from Umshyrpi to Sohra shows that the state government has no vision which has caused trouble and suffering to the people,” he said.
As the days approach the polling in Sohiong, and the election campaign has intensified, the Election Commission and the police have taken measures to prevent any violence and to conduct a free and fair election.
He said the purpose of the MRSSA is to get a census of the residents, in which the government wants to be fair to all the residents.
Imphal: The Central Government has asked the Manipur State Government to provide good grounds to remove the Kuki and Zomi from the list of Schedule Tribes.
Shillong, Nailar, 05: The Office of the Block Development Officer, Mylliem C&RD Block, on Thursday held a Self Help Group Mela at Umlyngka Village, Upper Shillong. The Chief Guest was the Chief Guest while the MLA of Nongkrem Constituency Bah Lambor Malngiang was the Symbud Chief Guest.
This order shall not apply to Ration Shops and shops selling beverages, jhur, soh which have been approved and recognized by the District Authority.
Nongstoiñ: Teachers of SSA Schools under the umbrella of AMSSASTA Nongstoiñ Block, today marched to the office of the District Mission Coordinator (DMC) SSA WKH, to protest against the They have been protesting against the salary cut for more than 4 months.
Bosming Iawsai scored the first goal for Wahsiej United Sports & Cultural Club in the 34th minute and Mawten Sports Club scored the first goal from the penalty spot. in the 90+1 minute of the second half.
In connection with this meeting, the union invites and requests the office bearers of all these three units to take the time to attend this meeting to discuss many of the issues of the union. This was announced by the president of the party, Bah E.G.War.
“The party does not want to show its power because there are those who try to buy leaders and there are those who They have been bought by other parties and they want to come back because they cannot work as they did when they were with the party”.
The collapse of the bridge connecting Pariong to Mawkyrwat and Nongshillong has also caused traffic jam on both sides of the bridge.
“This man has done a lot of research about the IB and he used to go to Delhi to convince people that he is the IB officer.
Khliehriat, July 22: Together with the rest of the world, East Jaintia Hills District has celebrated the International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking. The explanation was given by the District Social Welfare Department, Khliehriat Police Station, OST, MCSWA. the parents of the village of Moopala.
In Ribhoi, there are 7 soldiers and 13 civilians.
As soon as the police left their house, they were afraid and discouraged that there would be a CBI inquiry into their property.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Northern Synod will be held at Nongthliew while the Eastern Synod will be held at the Presbyterian Church, Smit.
He said that the department does not know who is the head of the District Council and instead of writing a letter to the Chief Executive Member, it has written to the Chief Elected Member. Latiplang said the District Council has said that it does not accept the wrong letter and has directed that before conducting the survey, the NOC should be obtained from the District. Council and should also suspend all ongoing survey work.
The President of the UDP Women Wing, Sengkmie, Pretty Kharpyngrope, said that the defeat of Bah Lambor Malngiang, the UDP candidate from Nongkrem constituency, is not because of Bindo M. Lanong. the same constituency in the last MLA elections.
The Head of Government acknowledged that there may be some improper behavior by MUDA in the implementation of MUDA building rules. homeowners", an official said.
It may send the wrong message and we should look into this,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
He also urged the youth that in many jobs there are many obstacles and challenges but we should not be surprised by that and we should move forward.
Arwankimi Suting scored the first goal for Demthring in the 31st minute.
We live in this world and the whole reason is because there are these farmers. He is very different in mind from other people who work in other fields in this world.
In the letter, Gokhale said on behalf of the TMC Meghalaya since the beginning of the construction of the Assembly, it has not gone smoothly and it shows that the MDA government does not have the ability to run the Assembly. Beat them for many development projects in the state.
Shillong: Only 11 Khasi and 33 foreigners are employed in Techno Electric and Engg.
Not only that, the foreigner also accused the Chief Minister of Mizoram, Zoramthanga of being a drug broker and supplier in Mizoram.
On the other hand, Sarma said that those who wave the flag are members of the group and want to defame the BJP. “Our party workers will continue to fight against the BJP. these are the ones who have the lama iong"
She said that there are some but these are not their collection but they entertain the people who walk up and down through their beautiful songs and it makes others to donate to them. they went out into the wilderness, as other nations did.
Nongpoh, June 30: The driver of a vehicle carrying the Meghalaya Guardian newspaper, which was leaving Guwahati to deliver newspapers to Shillong, has been robbed and assaulted by a group of about four people.
He said that as a leader who was elected by the people in 2018, he still has many goals and desires to implement in Jirang Constituency, and appealed to the people to give their support in this election. now for development work.
Sebastian Nongrum scored in the 53rd minute and Tiplut Khongmuid in the 55th minute.
After that, the fish was able to pull the man into the water but fortunately the brothers who went fishing with him, were able to pull him out of the water on the boat.
Wickliffe Syiem, the youngest Syiem of Nongstoiñ Hima, was also present to discuss how to strengthen the Federal Government.
That means that they will have children only when they feel the time.
Shillong, October 3: The North Eastern Institute of Ayurveda & Homeopathy (NEIAH), Mawdiangdiang, will conduct interviews for lecturers in the subjects of Panchakarma, Rasa Shastra, Dravyaguna Vigyan, Shalya, Sharir Kriya Vigyan, Clinical. Registrar, Samhita & Siddhanta, Repertory and Case Taking, on the 14th of this month.
Besides, the SSSS-Byrnihat Area has also lodged a complaint with the CEM and Syiem of Mylliem regarding the number of Garo Rangbah Shnongs who are still using the seal and Letter Head Rangbah Shnong even after the order of the Hima Dorbar. Mylliem through letter No.MS/V-15/2023/804-13 dated 16/05/2
The program was held at Ladthalaboh Indoor Sports Hall, Jowai in the presence of MLA Jowai Constituency Wailadmiki Shylla as the chief guest, in the presence of General Manager of DC&IC P. Toi who conducted the meeting. and others who were invited.
Nongstoin, June 17: Copperson Lyngdoh Nonglait, 19, of Sohparu, Nongstoin, has been arrested by the Superintendent of Police, Nongstoin. The 20-year-old resident of Sohparu, Lawse, West Khasi Hills District, has been missing since the 10th and no information has been received yet.
After discussion, they decided to invite the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to be the chief guest on the occasion of the District Independence Day of Mawkyrwat, Government Ministers and others including the Syiems. , Ministers and religious leaders.
About twenty days after emerging from the cocoon it becomes a pupa and after about 100 days it emerges from the cocoon and becomes a moth.
In the men's K1 category, Batskhem Nongbak came sixth, Pynshngaiñ Kurbha came eighth and Manbhalang Kharkrang came ninth.
The BJP candidate's defeat of the Congress candidate is a threat to Bah Pala to win the election again.
Most of those schools which will be closed down by the government are schools which the Meghalaya government has provided salary assistance for more than 40 and 50 years.
Shillong, June 13: The Commissioner of Transport, Meghalaya, Shillong has informed all coal traders to strictly follow the order of the National Green Tribunal (NGCC) regarding the it does not transport coal within or outside the state.
Try and remember the mistakes you made when you were a child and all the problems you faced that upset your parents.
After this long dispute, the district authorities of West Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills have been able to resolve the issue. Naitung didn't pass.
“You'll tell me again when you've sat down with your mother,” said the owner. “Yes,” said Peter. It was 7 o'clock in the evening.
With this connection, the Pynnoh Umsngad-Ram Khur Crematorium has reached a height of 14,951 meters and is now the 7th highest crematorium in India.
After this, speeches were also delivered by the relatives of the youth.
The committee headed by the Mawsynram MLA will meet in the first month of November to discuss the issue of farmers.
He said that according to one of the rules of the state government, the students should have a Permanent Resident Certificate (PRC) from the state, but the union found that many of these foreigners do not have a PRC. Provisional Permanent Resident Certificate (PPRC) valid for only 3 or 12 months.
The Bank is pleased to announce the launch of the Interoperable Cardless Cash Withdrawal (ICCW) service using UPI (Unified Payments Interface) at all its ATM outlets.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Rongjeng Stadium in East Garo Hills in the presence of the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri. and MLAs including Jim Sangma and Rupert Momin.
Madrid forward Jude Bellingham was sent off for a red card after the end of the match.
God says – “Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you? 1 Corinthians 3:16.
The cut back dym pum Tim.
Children were also explained the consequences of child marriage.
To date, the newspapers that provide daily services in the Khasi language are Nongsain Hima, Rupang, Mawphor, Peitngor and Kynjatshai.
Villagers and suburbanites are still traveling to Shillong, Guwahati or abroad.
Dr. Antarwell, while talking to Mawphor, said that this book is based on his thesis which he did research at Ph.D.
When asked whether there is a rule against any leader of the party especially the Vice President to hold public meetings without informing the party, Witting Mawsor said “Ardent has made it clear to the media that he is holding a meeting as a private person, and perhaps at the meeting it is only his wish to express himself,” said Witting.
For more information you can also call these numbers.
When asked about the demand to change the Reservation Policy and Roster System, “The main reason for the change is because of the increase in unemployment among the youth.
However, Manish Sharma (6/55), Cham Sangma (2/26) and Aniket Basfor (1/34) gave SCA-A hope once again. Shillong used four bowlers for the remaining 24 overs, with Abhishek Kumar scoring 6/1
This woman does a job that cannot be found around the world, perhaps only the elderly who are able to do this kind of job, to build or improve tires cars are bad.
in, according to a statement from Dr.P.
The state government has earned T.172 crore from the sale of kyiad yesterday, which is more than it used to earn during the peaceful times, the report said.
So far, 2,093 people have recovered from the disease and 2,205 have recovered from the disease.
The shopkeepers also have the right to cheat or cheat the customers because they too,it is their right to earn a lot of money.
Speeches were also delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of Deinler, Philip Talang, Charles Myrten from Lamarang, SGB Samayang from Kya Rabon, Joplin Sutong from Laher and others. Block (I) is the largest area in the country.
According to him, it is understood that there will be a heated argument between Rowell and Dr. Mukul Sangma in the future and the matter has now started to reach the AICC leadership. Supporters of Bah Rowell Lyngdoh today held a meeting in Mawkyrwat to discuss the issue, in which all of them expressed their deep sorrow and accepted that this is a betrayal of their MLA who is He is also the chief leader of the party in the state.
So when they went to study in their own country, the poor man went to study for a while and became a missionary to preach about God.
In the midst of this plan of God to live, have we ever remembered to thank Him, to praise Him, to thank Him and to pray to Him? how God hath made all these things.
We will hold a two-day rally to remind the leaders of India of the demands of the people in accordance with the Constitution,” said Dr Munish Tamang, President of the National Federation for New States (NFNS). Gorkhaland in North Bengal.
That is the ILP.” “But what are we doing with the MRSSA, why do they show that this issue is controversial because as citizens of India we can move freely from one state to another. and there is no law that can prevent them from moving from one state to another.
Meanwhile, Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe has announced that he will step down in the coming days after the formation of a new government, which is expected to be led by U.K. Abeywardena, who is the Speaker of the Sri Lankan Parliament.
Shillong: The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday, 21st October 2023, has appealed to the state government regarding the demand of the KHNAM to abolish the personal interview in Group B, C and D in all government institutions.
The SP of West Jaintia Hills, Vivek Syiem, said that the two men did not speak clearly but after investigation, they said that they had spoken to the HNLC leaders through the Publicity Secretary of the HNLC. Saiñkupar Nongtraw and other leaders.
“The incident here is clear, the laws of the country are in place, let them follow the provisions of CrPC, IPC and arrest immediately those policemen involved in this murder.
It is the beginning of the season when the roads which have been abandoned for a long time especially in the rural areas have started to turn. rong ïong but last only a few months.
He said that there have been those who have threatened not to give the account numbers by claiming that it is a fraud.
Shillong, March 19: The High Court of Meghalaya has ordered the Assam government to explain the allegations that illegally mined coal was smuggled to Assam and subsequently forged documents. The same coal was exported to Bangladesh through Meghalaya.
think about the party leader.
He said that if the KHADC through the Trade Department issues licenses to these foreigners, it will mean that the KHADC will violate the provisions of 3A(b), 3A(c) of the Trading by Non-Tribal Regulation 1954 and Rules 4(a) (b) (i), (ii) and (iv) of the Trading by Non-Tribal Rules
The film tells the story of her grief after the death of her mother and her brother.
This road is known as Rymbai-Bataw-Borkhat-Jalalpur Road and is an important road for the farmers of the area to transport their produce to the markets in Ladrymbai and Khliehriat in East Jaintia Hills as well as in the West. Jaintia Hills District via Kharkhana Village to Muktapur, Dawki and Jowai.
Criticizing Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Pala said, “Another important and important part, you know if we build a church, the priest or any religious leader will The Ram Mandir, instead of the sadhus to fulfill their duties, has been taken over by the politicians instead. .
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Micky Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Umtyrkhang, said that earlier, there were some of the residents who expressed their dissatisfaction with the construction of the bridge, but no I don't think that this complaint by the people has really come true, because yesterday this bridge has collapsed.
In your village you call it 'pliang ja'
They said that the land for the police station has already been prepared by the villagers in Sildubi and if the government has a responsibility for the peace and order in the area, it will. should be implemented as soon as possible for the benefit of the people of the area.
If the police do not ask for more time from the court to detain him, the court will decide to detain him while the trial will continue until the court decides to sentence him. the punishments which shall be upon him.
Shillong, Nailur 4 : Even after the arrest and detention of BJP Vice President Bernard Marak, MDC Tura, the BJP has not removed him from the post. The National Vice President of the BJP, Dr Chuba Ao, said that nothing has been done yet as the case is still pending in the court.
The difference between the two teams is that Inter Kashi are five points ahead of Lajong.
This was announced by the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A. Sangma in reply to a question in the Dorbar Synrai on Tuesday.
Shillong, March 24: The police search for the arrest of Sengbhalang leaders continues till today, said Bah Sadon K Blah, leader of the Hynniewtrep Youth Federation (HNYF). night.
Born in Boston, Massachusetts, Mark wants to live in a place where his children are happy and content and now that he has moved to Nevada he understands how different his life is. as well as of children.
The General Secretary of the HYC said that the HYC will wait until the end of April for the MTDC to call for an advertisement for the post of Chief General Manager as promised by Bah Sanbor Shullai. does not respect the promises of the party does not refuse to hold strong protests.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju, on Tuesday said that the North East needs a science and technology training center to keep pace with the pace of technology.
Education is the most important thing in today's society although in the past, it was considered to be the way to become a slave, to work in government (not happiness) which is no longer appropriate in this society. .
He said he would consider whether to join any political party or contest as an independent candidate but he would be more likely to contest from a political party if he got the right party.
(vi) The wages in Meghalaya are the lowest and many employers do not pay their employees according to the minimum wage and the Government does not believe in increasing the wages which should be long according to the increase in the price of mur, food and beverages in the market.
For Pohkseh, Mickyson Tynsong scored two goals in the 24th and 33rd minutes.
It is learned that after the incident, which happened on July 15, 2020, the engineers of the army, have received an order, to immediately work on the bridge on the Galwan River.
He said the District Council wants to avoid the loss of land on the border as many land in the state has been lost even on the border with Assam.
Bah Gabriel said that the shortage of teachers has affected the students especially in the completion of the course of study and that is why the union has demanded from NEHU to do something for the sake of the students. good luck to the students.
Shillong: The counting of votes for the Khasi and Jaintia Hills elections will be held on October 2, 2019, said Bah T Dkhar, Commissioner & Secretary District Council Affairs, Government of Meghalaya.
The SKM has set a record by winning from 31 constituencies in the 32-member Legislative Assembly, while the opposition Sikkim Democratic Front (SDF) has won from 31 constituencies in the 32-member Legislative Assembly. only one constituency.
Only 5 persons will be allowed to enter the river for puja/pynngam.
The Union of Waheh Chnongs said that the willingness to cooperate with the District authorities will be in all areas whether it is in peace and order or development and others.
On the other hand, Conrad Sangma congratulated all the leaders who have worked hard until today to open the PHC. He said that the MDA government under his leadership will work hard. He said that he will ensure that the needs of the PHC will be met from the staff to the equipment so that it can provide the best services to the people. There is no interruption in the services of the PHC for the public.
At this meeting, the members of the SPC recalled the contribution of Bah Khraw in the field of journalism and other fields.
After the inspection, the RBYF leaders urged the district authorities of Ri Bhoi District to take immediate action to stop the illegal smuggling by these people from Assam.
Speaking to media, the Inspector General of Prisons, Bah MH Kharkrang, said that the investigation is ongoing into how these prisoners escaped from the prison and the search for them is ongoing.
Jowai, Jymmang 13: The Trained Nurses Association (TNU) today celebrated its 'Nurses Day' at the Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Modop, Nartiang on the theme “Our Nurses, Our Future”.
These weapons were hidden by Sohan D Shira, the leader of the GNLA, who was killed in the past few months.
The DCA through an order issued by the Joint Secretary dated November 9, 2021 stated, “The revenue collected by the Autonomous District Councils is in accordance with Para 8 of the the Constitution of India.
Earlier, on November 15, Hazare had written to Tomar, warning him that he would resume his strike if the agreement was not implemented. by MS Swaminathan Commission.
I have moved a Resolution on the State Reservation Policy that it is time to review and renew the old policy, and I have also explained that the OM who supported the policy has misrepresented the Census demographics.
Without the skills and training, how can there be no knowledge of science and mathematics among the youth?
He said that the voting system in the country differs between the central and state governments.
The counting of votes will start at 8 pm.
We were very impressed when he was the prime minister for one day in the film Nayak.
FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle President Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang said that the FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle will give its full support to the initiative led by the Union of Rangbah Shnongs and Longsan Upper Shillong. The Government in one voice said that if the State Government is willing to allocate land to the Air Force, it should also have the same feeling to allocate land to the indigenous people who need it. he bag you puta.
God told Moses that if they did not believe His words, “Take of the water of the river and pour it on the ground, and it shall become blood” Exodus 4:1-9
Before the opening of the Meghalaya High Court in 2013, there was a thought during my tenure as Law Minister, to propose the name of Bah Ganold to the Collegium and to the Government of India, to include Bah Ganold as one of the judges, but it was his age that caused the problem.
Although the project has been postponed due to the outbreak of Covid-19, the construction of the hospital will be completed by the end of April.
She said that the government has promised to appoint investigation teams into the incident, but these have not come to fruition.
"If Rajiv Gandhi marries a Nigerian woman and she is not white, will the Congress accept her as party leader?"
However, if there is a small park, or a mini park, shops should be included, to sell food, drinks, fruits and vegetables, (except for the house) then, children's clothes, especially local handicrafts and flowers, books to read myllen...ter-ter-ter.
Regarding the seizure of these guns, Bah Wanphai said that one of the guns was unlicensed, but was used illegally by these hunters. The Wildlife Office will take strong action and punish these six shooters according to the provisions of the law.
The KSU has asked these Congress leaders what they have done for the Rangthong PHC which does not have a doctor and is not working properly. it worked.
“People have decided to buy airline tickets before they get accommodation.
She said that over the years, this school has produced many great personalities in the society who have come from this place.
For example, the Minister said that in the past, traders such as petrol pumps used to have up to three months to pay VAT to the government which means that they can pay the tax until the 100th day. to pay.
Referring to the Supreme Court's order, he said the Court has ordered the remaining 32 lakh 56 thousand 715 metric tonnes of coal from four districts of the state. , West Khasi Hills District, South West Khasi Hills District and South Garo Hills District should be auctioned by Coal India Limited.
There are also rules that when there is a death, only 20 people will be allowed to perform the rituals and go to the funeral.
However, there are many children who have learned to showcase their talents by playing in churches, villages and various programmes.
“To improve Kranshuri, T.3.19 crore has been allocated for the construction of roads, beverage shops and others,” he said.
including 12 crew members, 2 officer quarters and a ground berth and driver rest area.
However, he said there was no intention to destroy the beauty of Law Kyntang.
They also requested the law enforcement agencies to take action to take and remove the cow from the area, so that it will escape from the injuries.
Shillong: Mawphlang MLA SK Sunn was one of the best football players from 1987 to 1996 at the Polo Ground.
The Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs (MFA) has awarded cash prizes of Rs 20,000 to 22 players, Rs 5,000 to two coaches and Rs 28,91,216 to the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA). Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shaliar Warjri and Bah Larsing Ming Sawyan.
to the State Government, which has refused to implement the ILP in the State.
At the same time, the members of the village court criticized the recommendation or approval of the Dolloi to convert the three land applied for by Romario to LHC.
Meanwhile, in India as a whole, 13.5 lakh people die from tobacco-related diseases every year.
For Sohryngkham SC, B Nongrum scored 6' and Nongbet 82'
Also present on the occasion were Bah T. Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, MCS, Bah LT Tariang, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District and Secretary of the Officers Club, Resource Person from Meghalaya AIDS Control Society, and other officers of South West Khasi Hills District along with encouragers to the bands.
The bodies include an unidentified 70 year old patient of Anjali area who was brought by vehicle 108 on 25.05.2022 to the hospital after he died. passed away on 31.05.2022 at 6:40 pm.
He said that until now, the department itself has not been able to appoint fully, due to the conflict with the roster system and the dismissal of them has become increasingly time consuming.
His intelligence and integrity paved the way for him to be elected Ambassador to the Soviet Union in
It is alleged that the issuance of these illegal challans has affected the owners of mining companies in Nongtalang, Amtapoh and Dawki who have mining leases from the state government through the Meghalaya Minor Mineral Concession Rules (MMMCR) payment of various taxes from the start of the Mining Plan to the receipt of the Letter of Intent to start the work or mine Mawshun Mawsalin.
On the other hand, the BDO of Amlarem, B Sungoh together with the EAC, J Kharpuri visited the affected families.
The demand of the four parties to remove the former Rangbah Shnong from the KHADC is a reason to expedite the registration process, without regard to the KHADC announcement signed by the Secretary. to the Executive Committee, dated 27- April-2021, that all the elections of Chief Executive Members/Ministers/Lyngdohs and Rangbah Shnongs have been suspended and no public meetings within the Hima have been suspended. In our complaint to the Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi, we also state that the Election Committee of Umsning Town has violated the Epidemic Diseases Act 1897, as well as the Prevention Act. of Epidemic Diseases) act of the United Khasi-Jaintia Hill Automous District.
The Synroplang Self Help Group, said that some of the vehicles have been left behind, as some of the vehicles have been damaged and cannot be repaired.
The government is merely an investment facilitator.
Pay For Right Football Academy beat Mawkriah Sports Club 12-0 in the first leg of the Under-10 (Boys) Football League 2023 held in Shillong on Saturday. Sports Association inside 2nd ground polo field.
You do as you please.
On the importance of the road and the benefits it will bring to the State, the Minister said, “As you know, the road connection is the pavement for any development project to come.
The Government of India is now ready to introduce the Sixth Schedule Amendment in Parliament this year for the benefit of the Autonomous District Councils in the country. different states.
" said Daplin's brother. They had dinner there and she told the story quickly... After Dihsha, Lano also went home for a while.
The NEC meeting was attended by the Governor of Arunachal Pradesh, Lt Gen.
He said the deadline for the completion of the new parliament building is in May or April,
Bindo said that the health department should look after the junior staff, doctors, nurses and others who carry the bodies and others who do not help. “They don't even get food,” he concluded.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rev HH Mohrmen said that SURE has been conducting such programs every year for these children.
He said that in the future, the KHNAM Youth Wing will follow closely the decision of the government on the demand for ILP. and from the District Councils to erect a statue of the heroes in government offices especially in the Secretariat so that future generations will know and love them.
However, after being suspended from the Congress, he has repeatedly asked them to come and understand if they want him to join the party.
“If the district administration needs any assistance, we as the organization are ready to do whatever we can, even if we have to come forward to provide our services for the district administration. for the good of the society as a whole,” said Kharkamni.
The dates and teams for Meghalaya are as follows: 19 March vs Pondicherry; 20 March against Karnataka; 22 March against Tamil Nadu; 24 Rice against Bengal; 26 March against Chandigarh; 28 March against Saurashtra; 30 March for Uttar Pradesh.
He said that the students of Kiang Nangbah have demanded basic needs but the government instead of listening to them, has spent the money on entertainment and costumes.
He said that so far the party has made progress in preparing for the MDC elections and more than 20 candidates have applied for tickets to contest from KHNAM in the KHADC elections. in writing and those who have expressed in words that they want to contest the MDC elections from all the constituencies,” said Bah Passah.
They should also have programs to spread awareness about the benefits of these vehicles.
One is with the Samaritan woman at Jacob's well (John 4).
“The Court has ordered the preparation of the Roster System and the Government on 10th June 2022 has approved the implementation of the Roster System in the Reservation Policy through an Office Memorandum which states that the implementation of the Roster System “The Roster System in the Reservation Policy according to point d of the Office Memorandum states that the implementation will be from 1972 which is against the Resolution passed since 1972,” he said.
The purpose of submitting these documents to the Symbud CEM is to verify that the villages under the Raid Nongtung Hima Block II are in Meghalaya.
In the State of Meghalaya, there are many different incidents.
Five people were killed and 25 others injured in the incident and were taken to hospitals in the city.
Other speakers included ASHA Laloo, Ribiang Najiar and Pynsakhiatèini Kyndiah who contributed their encouragement and Bimi L. Suwer, General Secretary Loompyrdi Iongpiah, Jowai gave a closing speech.
While Daniel was praying, the angel Gabriel came and touched Daniel and said to him – “O Daniel, I have come to make you understand. The law is gone forth, and I am come to shew thee these things, because thou art beloved: therefore consider the word, and understand the vision.
Rohan was named Man of the Match.
If our Jaitbynriew is ruled by “JINGBIEIT”, whether in any kind of ignorance including ignorance of status, ignorance of wealth, ignorance of money and unjust judgment, it is certain that the Jaitbynriew will reach a state of shock, ignorance. invasion of other nations and death from this earth.
However, we see that the Prime Minister is still saying that it is a continuous process and the data needs to be taken into account since 1972 (retrospective). The data on the roster point starts at
Muktiar comes from the Hindi word Muktar.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 30: The PM Cares for Children Scheme, is a special assistance scheme launched by the Prime Minister, to provide assistance to those children under the age of 15 years, who have been disabled. lost parents due to Covid 19 pandemic.
Because of the destruction of agricultural products and animals or insects that people in the country care for, should we expect that the production of food for many will decrease and put pressure on the government and others who rely on agricultural products from iew and hat.
These heavenly bodies, which orbit the sun, are said to have come to Earth at a distance of 2.72 million miles; but though they were at that distance, yet in the power of man, it was a very terrible turn.
This project has brought about a significant change in the income of the rural areas, especially in the marketing of agricultural products.
He said that when working for the party, there are those who want to contest elections, there are those who don't want to contest elections but when you are in the party you have to work hard to win.
These are the ones that can be very beneficial for brain function and concentration.
“She did not apologize in writing as requested, the people of Mawlai accepted her apology in front of the people but she said she apologized from the bottom of her heart,” said Donbok.
During the inspection, Bah Hamlet donated 30 byrni of rice, including dai, food oil and protective equipment for the Village Volunteers and the Covid Team of the village. rain coats, hand gloves, masks and hand sanitizers among others.
I am well aware of the rules and demands of the miners.
They also said that in order to educate their children, they have to send them to school in the morning and although many of the children spend their time cleaning the houses, but no one you don't go to school.
Modi will inaugurate several events on this day.
Young men, I want to show you that the money you earn by producing and working hard will last longer than the money you lose without working.
The new depth of the earthquake is 16 Km.
Expressing his regret and regret that the MDA government will make Meghalaya a state famous for smuggling, Bah Ardent said that in the Khasi community everyone knows that smuggling is a bad job. bringing poverty and destruction of families.
The name of former CEM of KHADC and former Chairman of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, has been proposed as the new Dy CEM of the Council.
Hundreds of people including school children, residents, members of the party and others attended the programme.
It should not be surprising that some teachers go to school only once and their own teaching job is hired out to others for a very small salary.
The Sub Center at Chambagree has been built in such a way that it will be durable, resilient to natural disasters and clean.
“As we have read in the newspapers, there have been different opinions from the people on the ILP. There are those who support and there are those who oppose,” he said.
However, he said that after the discussion, it was learned that the reason for the slow progress of the work is due to the delay in the arrival of the equipment in the state as many of them have to be imported from other states like Maharashtra. .
Himanshi Khurana, a beautiful girl from Punjab and one of the famous singers of the state, who took part in the Bigg Boss game, today announced that she has contracted the corona virus.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh, today said that the state has received more allocation from the central government and now it has increased to .
This Act actually originated in 1873 in Bengal, known as the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation
“This is the first time that a woman has been given the opportunity to become an MP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary constituency and if the people allow me to contest as an MP, I am ready,” she said. state.
Shillong, March 01 : Meghalaya Women's Cricket Team started their journey by winning the BCCI Women's U-19 T20 Trophy by beating Goa by nine wickets in the first innings of the BCCI Women's U-19 T20 Trophy. Saturday in Hyderabad.
Passah said that if we compare the OM of 10th June 2022 with the OM of 14th July 2023, there is no significant difference.
He said that the reason for their strike today is that they cannot tolerate the threat and this shows their sorrow over the lack of attention of the government. He urged the government to take immediate action.
An intensive search in the mid-Atlantic had been underway since the day when no further communication could be obtained with them during the submarine on their intended look at the Titanic.
The visit of the Prime Minister will be of benefit to the state if the state government takes action to ask for its needs. The Council has decided to submit their requests to the Prime Minister of the country.
According to Bah DS Ranee, Rangbah Shnong of Jirang Center Village, on Tuesday evening, a heavy cold weather has hit Jirang Center Village and several villages. which are in the immediate vicinity and which caused extensive damage.
However, all these require a true leader, although some people say that our nation has many leaders but this is not a problem because as mentioned above everyone should be a true leader first. self-esteem and self-confidence in this situation is what can be improved from one step to another.
The woman was identified as Dellina Ch Sangma from NH51 Kosichora near Bajengdoba Police Station on Saturday.
However, the Minister said that he will examine the matter before taking a decision.
They were arrested after the Loktak Battalion of Churachandpur Sector, Assam Rifles conducted a raid at Mongjang village, Churachandpur district – a village bordering Myanmar. .
He said that the Central Government has already recognized 22 new languages ​​in the country and 38 languages ​​remain to be recognized.
Unfortunately, they injure others who happen to be passing by.
Shillong, July 04: Two days after religious extremists in Chhattisgarh attacked and damaged the Catholic Church of the Parish of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, Raipur in Edka village of Narayanpur district, Chattisgarh and that in the attack on the church the religious extremists damaged the statues of Mary, the statue of Jesus, the grotto of the church and also Chhattisgarh police have arrested three persons involved in the attack, one of whom is a BJP leader in the village.
It is also said that Rose's lambs were fed with a bottle of milk, to allow them to dry up and become smaller, when she received these three lambs. son.
Those who have left include two MLAs from Garo Hills who intend to join the NPP while two MLAs from Khasi Hills include Mawsynram MLA Bah HM Shangpliang who has left to join the NPP. Shitlang Pale from Sutnga Saipung is preparing to contest from the National Party.
He was in the beginning with God.
It is understood that Bah Brolding may not be able to hold the portfolios that Bah Metbah used to hold but he will get other portfolios.
“If he commits a crime, the law enforcement agencies have the right to arrest and punish him. If he is a terrorist, he may shoot the BSF. “Why wasn't he arrested and tried for his crimes?” he asked. “He is the father of two children and married to a woman. husband and brother-in-law and brothers and sisters in the household, and I can say that in his own strength he is the one who provides for the needs of the household,” he added.
But there is nothing to worry about in heaven.
The President of the union said that everyone knows that the cement factories come from Meghalaya and have destroyed many forests in Jaintia Hills. to mine minerals and to make sand in the state they are still selling their sand in the state.
The NEP recognizes the role of training institutions and employment agencies in working together to bring about holistic education and preparation of young people for employment.
At the NEHU salon, there have been some scholars who have been great in their field of expertise, but they have not yet been as prominent in society as those scholars in the past.
The training will be exclusively for Class IX and Class X students of two schools, RC EVE Secondary School, Mihmyntdu and Don Bosco Secondary School, Mihmyntdu with 57 students.
He also set a target to advocate for the amendment of the Sixth Schedule to give proper powers to the district councils, to advocate for the transfer of funds from the central government to the village authorities.
Jowai, March 28: The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) in collaboration with the office of KHUBLEI Germany has inaugurated another poor house built by these organizations for the family of Smiti Phawa, resident of Lumpyrdi, Myintdu.
The JSU leaders gathered these jhur vendors and turned to the ground floor of the DC's office to talk to the DC. JSU and market dwellers in Iawmusiang.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Haryana 0-0 in Group C of the Dr BC Roy Trophy at the JN Stadium today.
So far, 259 cases have been confirmed, including 224 cases in East Khasi Hills, 172 cases from BSF, 2 cases from Air Force and 50 cases from others.
Those who suffer from psoriasis will have to take antibiotics, while those who suffer from psoriasis can be treated and can be cured.
The KSU said that it can no longer take part in the exchange of views on the impact or not on the environment and alleged that the action of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board has something behind it.
The board has held a public hearing on the construction of 3.3 MTPA by the company to increase the production of oil to 3.3 lakh metric tonnes and dewbilat to 2.0 lakh metric tonnes. ten years.
“We too are great, we have the same rank of minister, we have to inform the churches,” he said. This, but we see that without decision, only the shyieng and the snep remain, without the sngaid, it is like bthei.
On the other hand, Bah Enbok Marak said that the veterinary hospital at Aradongaka is the most important veterinary hospital in the area for the treatment of cows, sheep, goats, pigs and other animals.
Sohra received 255.6mm of rainfall today, while 42.4mm today.
We looked at them in terms of physical strength, social interaction and spirituality," Marak said.
In the field of agriculture, you don't need a wise man but you need someone who knows how to move his hands and feet, who knows how to cultivate weeds, who knows how to plant and bury, who knows how to count the days and months, the four seasons, the time of planting. for ot and so on.
But in the past five years, China has claimed to have reduced the weight of the rocket to 22 kilograms.
From the villages that are far away, they are able to see the faces of strange people from different states.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Governor of Meghalaya, Dr Krishan Kant Paul, on Tuesday said that the air, water and soil are resources that should be preserved and protected. you need to take care of it.
Regarding the order of the Chief Secretary issued on 16/12/2021, AIM, Meghalaya has to clarify as follows.
From the Cradle Roll level, which means children between the ages of three (3) and six (6) years, then the Infant, Primary, Intermediate, Senior levels to the Adult Class.
On his part, he congratulated and wished all the members and leaders of the Village Organisation, to continue to work hard and to progress in all aspects, especially to improve the way of life and thinking. , in order to grow and develop in all aspects in society.
Hansaraia said the move was against the work of the government under Article 226 of the Constitution of India.
The Minister of State for Sports, Kiren Rijiju from Arunachal Pradesh, has also been appointed as the Cabinet Minister. Dr Rajkumar Ranjan Singh from Manipur, Pratima Bhoumik from Tripura and Shri Rameswar Teli from Assam.
Meanwhile, NHIDCL is preparing a Detailed Project Report (DPR) for Package-3, which is the Pynursla by-pass, after the land owners and Chief Executive Members decided not to oppose the by-pass. -pass”.
“The UDP is a big political party, any political party wants to be in power but it must have a way,” he said.
Mawpen, November 4: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today recognized Pa'iem Kynsai N Syiem as the full Syiem of Bhowal Hima. The EM and other MDCs visited Mawpen to confirm him as the full Syiem at the ceremony held at Ing Kyrsa, Mawpen, Hima Bhowal.
Shillong: This is my explanation on the newspaper published in your newspaper on 31.03.2020 sent by Bah Mebanker Tding.
The tournament is scheduled to be held from 3rd January to 3rd November 2023, where 24 teams from different parts of the country will witness, including all 12 teams of the Indian Super League along with teams from abroad and neighboring countries like Bangladesh and Nepal who will return to the tournament after 27 years.
In the opening match, Nongmadan beat Arizen FC Umsyiem, Wahlyngkhat beat Laitsohphie, Lapalang beat NTSCO, Nongjri beat SSCL Lyngkyrdem and Mawlam beat SSCL Lyngkyrdem. The Nongtyngur won against the Laitmynrieng.
These office bearers include Bah I. Lakiang President, Arwan Pynshngain Pariat Vice President, Teilang Shullai General Secretary, Pherdonnam Rngaid Asst Secretary.
The CM has said that the renewal of its ban against the HNLC is because the HNLC is continuing its violent activities and also that the HNLC is continuing to recruit new members. In this letter, Sadon Kupar said that it is time for the CM to arrange for a memorandum of understanding so that the activities as expressed by the CM can be stopped.
The union invites all the women and men studying in various schools or colleges and others to attend this meeting which is necessary for the welfare and society of the society and others, said the union. This was announced by the President of JSU Shillong Circle Mr E Dkhar.
Like what happened to ancient Sodom and Gomorrah.
The Grade IV students started their training on Monday morning and stayed at the Indoor Stadium.
The repair of the dam at Umiam Dam has been in progress after the bridge collapsed and endangered the traffic, and now the state government through MePGCL has announced to close the dam. Vehicles will be allowed to pass through the bridge from 31st October to 8th June and only ambulance vehicles, two wheelers and vehicles inside the bridge will be allowed to pass. tons are also in the hands of the authorities.
The President of the BJP in his public speech in North Lakhimpur, Assam on the 17th of this month said that if the BJP comes back to power it will bring back the CAB into law. He said this has also been expressed by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
He urged the residents to discuss the issues and not to argue because the issues can bring about the good of the village.
The EM in charge of the Elaka Department, Bah Lamphrang Blah, said that the Hima Mylliem has 42 Ministers and most of them, as shown in the complaint against the Syiem, have 26 Ministers. up to three pounds per kilogram of mass.
The Behdienkhlam ceremony ended at Aitnar amidst the prayers and cheers of the people.
This place is known as Mawbah, which is in the land of Ummah.
All applications should reach the Secretary, Press Council of India, Soochnabhawan, 8-CGO Complex, Lodhi Road, New Delhi – 110003, before 30th July 2019 and the following prizes will be awarded: will be announced on 16th November 2019.
According to the Excise Officer, the liquor shop of Bah Ernest did not violate the law because the village authority had already issued a No Objection Certificate (NOC) by the Rangbah Shnong this year. protest after fifteen years now, it makes no sense.
“There is no need to support the NPP, VPP or RDA because instead of fighting against the BJP, it ends up fighting against each other.
The match in Vienna came to an end when Belgium beat Austria 2-3 at home.
According to a complaint received by Mawphor, some of the fish farmers said that on Saturday they bought fish from the Andhra Pradesh market and when they got home they started to clean it. and sdieh but immediately they didn't smell the smell of the medicine and when they sdieh they didn't want to eat anymore because the smell of the medicine was still strong.
However, we have not yet received the report of those investigations.
The Secretary of the Association, Daiapherbha Lamare, said that as the leaders of the Association, they have been monitoring this issue from time to time since the time of former Deputy Commissioner FM Dopth. The DC Thymmai is still investigating the matter.
Hearing a petition filed by Kong Steid Dkhar who requested the High Court to allow the High Court to examine the documents related to the purchase of land for the construction of the airport, The High Court has appointed an inquiry headed by the District Judge in Ri-Bhoi.
On the other hand, Rupsing said that he will soon meet the Chief Minister of Assam to request for the establishment of a Border Out Post at Umlaper.
(The Roster System is a system that shows how many people have been allocated to the Reservation Policy).
Here we understand that man is a soul and is immortal but only the body and soul die.
Parents as a sign of happiness because their children have moved to another class buy new clothes to wear at Christmas services and also buy food to drink and celebrate during Christmas.
At the same time, Dr KB Sahkhar, Deputy Director of AHP, explained the benefits of pig farming and especially that they have been able to open the pig farm. Nucleus Pig Farm is located in Kyrdemkulai.
This happened on the night of the 9th of this month when a tragic incident happened suddenly due to an earthquake and the earthquake covered a house known as 'ing sah bri' and inside the house. three men were thrown together on the ground.
“Look now even the Doctorates are still looking for jobs that do not match their rank.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Tuesday demanded that the Police Department of the State Government should provide clarification regarding the promotion and appointment of Police Officers within the Police Department.
It is also forbidden to stay at home, to prevent the spread of the disease, which spreads to those who have started to get it, but who do not yet understand.
Ampareen said this when asked by reporters why the Government from previous Governments until now has not done anything to those whom it has supported to study medicine because some of them have not returned to the State. but they pay the expenditure fee which they have already signed a bond with the State Government.
The winners of the 9th South West Khasi Hills District Badminton Championships 2023 are Under-13 Boys Single U Mandapkupar Wanniang, Under-15 Boys Single U Adrian Syie-mlieh, Under-15 Girls Single Ka Wansaphi Marpna, Boys Under-1 Adrian Syie-mlieh and Meb-akyrshan Iawp-hni-aw, Under-17 Boys Single Ka Arbin Khardewsaw, Under-17 Girls Ka Dedaphi Mar-pna, Under-17 Boys Double James Anderson Kharlyngdoh and Mebakyrshan Iawphniaw, Under -17 Boys Double Wansaphi Marpna and Deidaphi Marpna, Under-19 Boys Single Given Warder Lyngdoh, Under-19 Girls Single Jessica Wanniang, Under-19 Boys Double Pynkhl-aiñkupar Wanniang and Given Warder Lyngdoh Girls Under-1 Doubles by Given Warder Lyngdoh and Judita Wanniang.
Shillong Lajong have scored 26 points from 16 games and are sixth in the points table.
Another is on the demand for the removal of all the posts of Chairman appointed in the Boards and Corporations of the state.
“This statement by the MHA is in response to a letter sent on 23rd June from the Chief Minister of Mizoram Zoramthanga to the Minister of State in charge of Works. Amit Shah's house.
Regarding the complaint of the residents that there is not enough food items in the shops in the villages of Sohra area for the residents who do not have ration cards, Titosstarwell Chyne said that he has urged the SDO to issue permits for the import of food items from Shillong in collaboration with the Village Authorities of the area.
He said that the number of Bengalis has decreased significantly and has decreased significantly in the last 40 years.
But He keeps fighting and never rests.
Although they are only animals, they cannot be led by those who are too young from the mind to the age.
The Salesian Festival will be held in March
From her mobile phone, police have seen that she has demanded money from many people in the state.
Furthermore, he said that if the Tika injection rate has reached 70% to 80% along with the reduction in the number of cases, the restrictions will be lifted and allowed to resume. it was.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Baridua, 9 Mer, Ri Bhoi District, today visited the office of the Chancellor of the University of Science and Technology (USTM). Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police of the District, to express their strong opposition to the violence by the Chancellor of the District.
The Supreme Court today said that the Aadhaar number is legally binding, but at the same time, the court does not agree to link the Aadhar number with the mobile number. It also does not agree to link Aadhar number with bank account.
In another initiative aimed at curbing the use of drugs among children and to curb the illegal market, the District Magistrate (DM) of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya, IAS, has issued a Section 133 CrPC 1973 of the Act.
The SPL officials from the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) said that the overcrowding was the reason for the collapse.
The states with the highest consumption of these injections are Jharkhand (37.3%), Chhattisgarh (30.2%), Tamil Nadu (15.5%), Jammu & Kashmir (10.8%), Madhya Pradesh (10.7%) and They just throw away drugs, which is more than the Government of India's estimate (6.3%).
“We will introduce more programs to empower those with disabilities,” he said.
It is ideal for players as it opens up players from rural areas to be bought by big clubs.
The Minister also expressed the hope that this initiative will benefit not only the elderly applicants but will also transform the Department of Textiles.
The Supreme Court, which was shocked by the video, said that the forced labor of women is unacceptable in a democratic country.
On education, he said that the Sohra Constituency does not have a single college to provide education to the Sohra area and he said that the income has declined and affected the people especially after the COVID-19 pandemic. -19 which is good for the quarrymen who work day and night.
In the first half, Jyntru and Laitryngew FC turned the score around 3 goals each.
Of course, they should arrest and punish those who commit illegal acts, but they should not disrupt the movement of the people,” said H.Dkhar.
Referring to the statement that the VPP's demand to amend the Reservation Policy has created a spirit of hatred and sown the seeds of ethnic differences, “They cannot mislead the people because the people are wise and knowledgeable. “It is also possible to distinguish between truth and falsehood and to say that it has sown the seeds of hatred is a misleading statement,” he said.
Sangma told reporters that most of the chief ministers have agreed to extend the curfew, although there should be a curfew in the green zones. it will not affect the income of the country.
At that time, the Jews respected the Mosaic Law, which forbade them to do anything on the Sabbath.
In preparation for the upcoming Assembly elections in Karnataka, Union Home Minister Amit Shah has scheduled a visit to the state to hold a meeting. the people of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
90% of the loan is a grant from the central government and 10% should be paid by the state government. the project is given a period of between 12-20 years to pay off at low interest rates.
We have to put the BJP farther away because of the RSS and other religious parties.
The second type of rice most commonly grown in Khasi-Jaintia is the pynthor rice which is grown in fields which are usually built as lyngkha fields on the slopes of the hills, or more often in the fields. of valleys between two mountain ranges.
Dolly has demanded that the Delhi government should immediately reopen the liquor shops, as it has run out of liquor and said that if the liquor shops open, the hospitals will be empty. because you don't have corona virus anymore.
During each hour of the session, the lecturer spoke and explained clearly about the role of teachers and their power to cause or produce change in society.
Condemning the parties who had agreed to sign the MoU in the past but now they have refused to sign the MoU, Prestone said it is a great fraud by these parties. “I don't understand how the UDP in their manifesto promised to cancel the MoU. This shows the corruption in the way of thinking, the way of thinking but I I am sure that the people will understand this issue,” said Prestone.
This has hampered development work in the country as India is a large country with many states, elections are held almost every month.
The statement said that if you want to know the origin, you have to look back at the events of the past, and if you don't know the origin, how can you know the cause? It is also unclear why the HNLC has imposed a curfew on the 15th and 26th of July.
So far, 1,37,448 people have been infected and 1,41,029 have recovered.
Furthermore, young people who are self-employed, shopkeepers and others are involved in small and medium scale businesses.
The policy is only a guideline,” said Lahkmen.
Four others are still undergoing treatment in hospital.
No meetings shall be held on Sunday.
The decision of the Government of India to abolish the education system came after a complaint from the Government of Haryana, where there are many young people who are skilled drivers in the state, but they do not get They don't have the right qualifications, as required by the Government of India, or to study Class VIII. Through this decision of the Government of India, we don't know what the It is clear that the driving industry will be better or worse, because the roads have become increasingly crowded, the number of vehicles has increased and the drivers will be stupid. the wise men and the wise men shall gather themselves together in one highway.
Every nation grows and develops according to its nature which the Creator has given us in the creation of mankind.
We don’t know if they will rise again and we may lose our children’s schooling.
The medical examination was conducted on 9th June
Earlier, it was seen on social media that there was a rally against the existence of these coal mining factories including civil society, school children and the Union of Village Authorities.
TIMING LYNGDOH (PDF) – 2025.
This is the letter found at the place where the body of this young man was found, written in Mairang.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that on 25th October 2023, the UDP will hold a meeting to announce the UDP candidate from Sohiong constituency.
Initially, laws were passed to reserve seats for women in Gram Panchayat and municipal elections.
In the first semi final, St Xavier's beat KV Upper Shillong by 37 runs.
“Even if AMDA or other organizations and associations support the poor, they don't get money because the government doesn't help them and whatever they help is from the own plan of the members of the organization. some do-gooders" he added.
It is not suitable for landing and taking off aircraft such as A320s and A321s or larger and wider aircraft.
I feel it is appropriate to say that the authoritative churches should take responsibility in using these tools for the glory of God.
He said that the Congress candidate will be supported by Mawsynram MLA Pynshngaiñ N Syiem as he is still a Congress candidate who is still suspended and his silence shows that he supports the Mawsynram MLA. the Congress party.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that he believes that the Meghalaya government will continue to get the ILP. Conrad Sangma said the CM has not yet clarified anything on this and said that all these are just lies by private individuals because the Sixth Schedule is the fundamental right of the people. The whole state, he said.
However, not all of them are like that. Some of them are single, childless or have no close relatives to take care of them.
It’s important to take care of yourself for your own body.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong, Javadekar said the central government wants to make IIM Shillong a world-class institution. ranked 20th in the world to equal others.
The meeting will start at 10 pm and all the members of the Kur are requested to attend the meeting so that the objectives of the Kur will be successful.
Matthew 24:9-13.
He hoped that the ECI would reach higher levels under his leadership.
Samla Deibor Suting from Thadmusem village performed a special song on the occasion and gifts were given by the three departments of the National People's Party 1- Nartiang Constituency from the Main Body, Women's Wings and Youth Wings.
Snehal took two wickets in three overs and Chandan took one wicket in three overs.
The Chairperson of Bhartiya Bhasha, Prof. Streamlet Dkhar welcomed the participants.
Speaking to media, Bah Pyrkhat Pyrphet said that once they have received a letter from the KAAC stating that the Entry Tax Gate at Khanduli has been removed, they will hold a meeting. enough with the Karbi.
There are also rooms where doctors, nurses or staff on duty can change their home clothes.
Sinha said the opposition BJP was shocked and surprised that after the party sought permission for the Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi to campaign at the PA Sangma Stadium in Tura, however, was rejected.
The seasons also seem to have changed together.
“We will sit down to discuss before submitting the report to the CWC in order to strengthen the party,” he said.
One of the objectives of #knowyourhivstatus is to educate the public on how to prevent HIV and HIV treatment options. The SEMC and MACs have also set this objective through this campaign so that people Through this tournament, the organizers have also given a detailed explanation that people living with HIV Undetectacble = UntransmitablePart of the SEMC's environmental awareness campaign with the assistance of the Deputy Commissioner's Office. East Khasi Hills also held a workshop “Shillong my Passion” on the second day of the tournament.
After receiving detailed information from the intelligence agencies, the BSF troops patrolling the West Jaintia Hills border have denied the attempt to smuggle drugs worth 40 lakh 90 thousand rupees.
The first semi final will be played on 27.9.2023 between Lion and Chutwakhu at 1 pm.
On this occasion, the Minister said that he had no information regarding the allocation of land by the government for the MLAs or their relatives.
First of all, as the Khasi people, once we talked about the Umngot River, everyone didn't understand its value in society.
Maremdor, who was also the key player in the match, took 4.1 runs while Namewanki Pakyntein took 7 overs for the loss of 4 wickets.
“We will not allow this to happen in India,” Pathak said.
The district council, which is in charge of this, has not done anything,” he said.
He said that it also benefits the people of the State as they get to work together and receive training and know how to work.
The death toll is estimated at 9 million, in addition to the Indian government's estimate of 520,0
The meeting was to discuss the issues arising from the exploitation and illegal collection of money by the Dalals at Guwahati Airport where the drivers refused to pay the money. The brokers also shoot the tourist drivers.
On the other hand, Bah Syiem said that one of the reasons for the theft of ar-shaka is due to the overcrowding of drug users.
After the loss of the transformer, the relevant department has not been able to restore electricity even after talking to the relevant authorities.
When asked about the insufficient turnout of voters, the CEO said that there are many reasons, one of which is because there are those who live outside the state who cannot come to vote because the ' Remote Voting Machine (RVM).
The Big Head, known as the Big Head, predicted on Tuesday that Brazil would beat Croatia and was said to be in his hometown of El Salvador. One 25-year-old male fish with the Brazilian flag and the other with the Croatian flag.
The road was completed in November 2016 and opened on 22nd June
On the other hand, the farmers expressed their problems which end up in their own worries, because no one can sympathize with their problems.
As soon as he entered the house, he stabbed his wife with the knife in the head until she died.
“Sometimes the youth succeed and sometimes they learn in their education journey and they should not lose hope in this journey,” said Bah Metbah.
Besides, according to the complaint by the MC&GA, they have spoken to the drivers of these Rnga trucks, where according to the drivers of these Rnga trucks, they have said that they pay only in T.500, T.1000 and T.1500 to the various revenue collection points of the District Council.
The total cost of projects under the schemes of the Ministry of DoNER is only about T.12 crore.
“We will request the party authorities in Delhi to announce the list of candidates as soon as possible.
The five MLAs who joined the NPP and contested from the party are Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh (East Shillong), Mohendro Rapsang (West Shillong), Hamletson Dohling (Mylliem), Samlin Malngiang (Sohiong), Kimfa Sydney Marbaniang. Former MLAs Nehlang Dhar (Khliehriat), Stephanson Mukhim (Amlarem) ), Kennedy Cornelius Khyriem (Mawphlang), Martin M Danggo (Ranikor), Abu Taher Mondal (Phulbari), Nihim D Shira (Songsak). Teibor Pathaw (Mawlai), Alvin K Sawkmie (Mawsynram), Grace Mary Kharpuri (Shella) Other candidates are Habahun Dhar (Mowkaiaw), Shemphang Lyngdoh (Mawhati), Damanbait Lamare (Umroi), Rocky Hek (Pynthorumkhrah), Ransom Sutnga (North Shillong), Alan West (Sohra), H Stalyne Diengdoh ( Mawkyrwat), Arbinstone Marak (Selsella), Subir Marak (Rangsakona), Stevie M Marak (Ampati), Sanjay A Sangma (Mahendraganj), Ian Botham K sangma (Salmanpara), Rakesh A Sangma (Gambegre), Sengchim N Sangma (Chokpot) and Satto R Marak (Baghmara).
This news is about a woman who lives in Namdong B village under Nartiang constituency, West Jaintia Hills, who has been a source of hope for poor women who have given birth.
Dr. RA Hughes in a message sent on the occasion of the 150th Anniversary of Khasi Literature in 1991 wrote, “Thomas Jones serve man by producing the earliest books for children and adults which showed the way to the highest he knew".
Manchester City goalkeeper Ederson will miss Sunday's Premier League final and FA Cup final, the club announced on Thursday.
Seventeen people from Arunachal Pradesh attended the ceremony in Delhi.
He said that the Seng has received a reply from the Member Secretary of the State Education Commission Ambrose Ch Marak who informed that the Commission has received the letter and is considering the measures taken. Send this to the sub committee for further consideration.
In the tie-breaker, Tariang FC beat Lakashiang FC 5-4
And the Question now is.
An Assam forest employee was also killed in the incident.
Shillong: Upper Shillong: The Upper Shillong area today has been hit by a traffic jam. The incident started at 9 pm and continues till the time of writing.
“Therefore, we request all SSA teachers to cooperate with the association as the talks with the government are ongoing,” he said.
“We should be one, I don't feel that I am Khasi or Garo, I feel that I am Meghalayan, we are all one.
Then EPIP 1 & 11 (For IEHT & HT Consumers) from 6 to 8 pm.
This time, a clash between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh has broken out after the death of a 21-year-old truck driver in Tuting in Arunachal Pradesh.
By doing so, he said that as a nation, we can solve our own problems instead of waiting for the Government of India to solve our problems.
“He said that the university can accommodate up to 1000 students and if there is a shortage of students from the state to fill the gap, it can be opened to other states. that they may come to read.
Other wicket-takers included Badonnam J Mylliemngap (2/36 off 10 overs), Manish Sharma (2/48 off 10), PM Santhosh (1/19 off 5), Sudhir Sahani (1). /30 of 7) and Agreas Chamcham Sangma (1/54 of 8).
In his speech, the chief guest said that the customs and traditions are very important to preserve, because people will know the nation only from the dress, food and drink.
The incident occurred when Will Smith stabbed Chris Rock in the neck and the reason was that Rock had insulted Smith's wife, Jada Pinkett Smith. you don't have a syllen head.
The eyes are not able to see ! The traw, the rshiang, the langñiuh, the fruit, the lashing, the figs, the flowers, and the skud covered the hills and valleys.
Kasaragod: Hundreds of shopkeepers in Badiadka, a small town in Kasaragod district, have taken to the streets to hold bowls or boards to collect. The state government has decided to close their shops for three months.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 69 cases in Markasa Cluster 9, Mawkamoit Myriaw Cluster 5, Mawphanniew Cluster 5, New Nongstoin Nondein Cluster 10, Nongpathar Cluster 11, Nongthliew Cluster 6 and other places.
Police have recovered six boxes of soap containing heroin from these two persons and have charged them under the NDPS Act and registered a case at Khliehriat Police Station for further investigation.
Shillong, Nailar 09: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (MYC) on Tuesday met with the Block Development Officer of Mylliem C&RD Block to express their opposition to the introduction of The names of non-natives have been appointed to the Village Employment Council for the implementation of the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme in Madanriting.
A total of 352 people have been confirmed infected with Swine Flu and H3N2 in Maharashtra.
Even now, the union has received information that when people swim in this river, their bodies turn into insects.
Moitra, after being expelled from the Lok Sabha, said, “The ethics committee has no authority to remove my membership”. I am only 49 years old and I will fight against you for another 30 years in Parliament and outside Parliament as well”.
The signatories of the petition are Amita Sangma, Lascan Lyngdoh, Josephine Majaw, Lightman Kharshiing, Toris, Marist and Benjamin Blah.
The law exists and justice prevails so we have to act according to the law," he added.
Jarain SCC are second with 13 points and Dongmihsngi Mupyut with 11 points from seven games.
Jowai, 23rd July: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit today laid a wreath for the two members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) who were shot dead by the police on 23rd July .
Pa'iem Ricky said that if the Rangbah Shnongs are found to be in violation of this Act, the Hima will have to punish them.
With this victory, India has moved up to the table of qualifiers and this will depend on the final match against Myanmar on the 24th of this month.
This attitude and thinking is wrong especially in those parties which consider themselves to be democratic parties.
If this is done, it will have a negative impact on education and the quality of schools.
Replying to the HNLC's proposal to the MCCL employees, the Sohra MLA said that the people are no longer stupid and will not be misled.
The allocation for this road is Rs 1.38 crore.
Marak said the demand for Garoland has been going on since the time of the British rule and has been going on for hundreds of years since 1889, but the Garo people have not got their own Garoland.
Everything should be in writing," she added.
She said she has ordered urgent repairs to the bridge.
“His house is the house of the people, which serves the people,” said Bah Lapang.
However, after the installation of booster pumps and the installation of electricity lines, the water supply from Mawphlang Dam has improved.
Earlier, the Dorbar Shnong of Mawpat-Umsawli had opposed the government's plan to set up a TB Hospital in Umsawli.
He added that even the salaries of many teachers are still pending to be paid by bringing in those Hindi teachers, how difficult it will be to provide.
Shillong, Naiwieng 9: In the first list of candidates, the National People's Party (NPP) has announced 24 candidates from 24 constituencies.
Members of the union went to inspect the ground and later decided to suspend the match.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Ferynald K. Kharkamni, President of the Khasi Students' Union, North Khasi Hills District, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, President of the Federation of Khasi. Lumlang Shylla, President Seng Samla Nongpoh, Village Leaders, Raid Leaders, and the people who attended the meeting. to support their sports teams.
Speaking on adequate infrastructure for sports, he said that in the last five years since 2018, the government has spent more than Rs 400 crore, compared to 45 years ago.
AHOR has been shooting since 2019 but due to the outbreak of COVID-19, the shooting has been suspended and continued in parts. of tourist attractions in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Police are conducting investigation.
“So, in a sense, I am part of your All India Radio team,” he said.
The deterioration of roads in Jaintia Hills starts from the Jowai By-pass and continues to East Jaintia Hills especially from Myntre.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: After the civil society and ethnic groups expressed their opposition to the government's plan to set up camps for the ANVC-B rebels to hide in the West or South West Khasi Hills. hills, the rebel group said that the land they want in West and South West Khasi Hills is the land inhabited by the Garo people and also that the Sengbhalang and district councils do not They have turned their attention to the Garo people living in the West Khasi Hills.
Uttar Pradesh police have blocked the way for Rahul Gandhi and Priyanka Gandhi, who were planning to travel to Hathras district, on the Delhi-Noida border. Uttar Pradesh.
“Because as soon as it rains, the farmers from Riangmang and Mawsmai have to wait until the water level of the river drops before they can go to their farms,” he said. Although he is not a leader but a citizen, he attended the opening ceremony.
This year's entry into the crematorium is more difficult and challenging as all the crematoriums have to descend slowly to a depth of 85 m to the bottom.
The allegation against the BSF troops is false and unfounded,” said the statement.
As an MLA, she has sought ways and means to raise more than T.70 lakh for the payment of the dues of the contractor but after payment this has been stopped. The Contractor shall not be entitled to complain against the Contractor.
The troops also arrested three Indian citizens from West Garo Hills who were helping Bangladeshis to smuggle into India.
Under the MSHCS scheme, the state government provides assistance of up to T.2 lakh to the beneficiaries per annum.
Shillong, October 23: The Meghalaya Water Foundation (MWF) has conducted a workshop on water and wells in Shillong and the North East in collaboration with the government. Meghalaya, the India Water Foundation (IWF), GIZ Climate Change Adaptation for North East Region, Meghalaya Water Resources Development Agency and Meghalaya Basin development Authority.
“I don't know what to say when ordered by the leaders from Delhi, I do it,” said Dr Khongjee.
Remember that your body needs to have a strong body.
He said that according to the report by MeECL 2004, the Umiam Dam has been severely affected by the influx of sewage into the Dam and this will affect the generation of electricity in the state.
Shillong, Lber 3: Two HSPDP MDCs from the Opposition, Bah Pyniaid Singh Syiem and Kong Teilinia Thangkhiew, have left the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) for opposing the KHADC to pass the two bills. Two Bills were introduced in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Bill 2016 and the Conservation and Promotion of Khasi Social Customs and Traditions Bill
On the other hand, Bah Embhahlang asked whether the government has reduced the boundary of MUDA only if it holds a protest, referring to the meeting held by Bah Ardent on this issue.
The items seized include a ring pipe, 15 fire extinguishers and 7 mobile phones.
This was decided after a meeting between the Deputy CEM, Elaka EM, Land EM, Titus W Chyne, Robert Jahrin Legal Adviser and other officers of the Council.
In addition, the leaders of the party explained the preparations for the 25th Anniversary Celebration which is scheduled to be held at Thynroit on November 12,
The army truck was reportedly driven by a trainee driver.
However, my beautiful appearance has reached the end of the day.
Many games were held for the audience as well as the sale of various food items by the VO groups as well as by the Sei la-i-sap organization. dance and songs by the youth of Mawlangwir village, South West Khasi Hills District.
It won 11 seats from Garo and 8 seats from Khasi, thus becoming the CM of Garo Hills.
However, she said that this does not mean that women do not have their own authority in society, but they should respect the rules of their ancestors. They have allowed the women to elect the Rangbah Shnong, but the women are facing difficulties because many women will not have the time to leave in the evening if there is any incident. .
This has created a lot of difficulties for the people who come from other distant places to complete their work on time and this lack of time often discourages the people who used to wait for their jobs. lad help them.
If we 'said ksan' for a while, on any day and time we will become foreigners and we will be driven from one place to another part of the world like those nations who have lost their ownership of their country and have been expelled from one place to another as we have seen from time to time that there are ethnic groups that I do not want to mention here who have been expelled from one place to another because in any place they are not longtrai and they cannot be longtrai anymore.
“If we read the history of others, we should also know our own,” said Bah Kharjahrin.
In this struggle, I know that there will be many challenges and shortcomings but I have faith that we can reach our goal if we unite and work together for a new Meghalaya.
The people of the state are suffering.
It may be recalled that in a meeting with the elders of Mawlongbna, they admitted that the area where the incident occurred on the 12th of July, is the farmland of the residents of Mawlongbna. Thyllaw also admitted that it is the farmland of the farmers of four villages including Thyllaw, Lawbah, Mawdiengkhied and another village.
Leaders who attended the meeting were the National Boro Christian Council (NBCC), Assam Baptist Convention (ABC), Boro Baptist Church Association (BBCA), Karbi Anglong Baptist Convention (KABC), All Manipur Christian Organization (AMCO). ), Catholic Church, UCF Karbi Anglong, Nagaland Joint Christian Forum (NJCF), North Bank Baptist Christian Association (NBBCA), Khasi Jaiñtia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF), Christ Church Guwahati (CNI), Assam Christian Forum (ACF), CCFNEI , Greater Baptist Convention (BBC).
He said that during the meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, he also explained to the party that the delay in announcing the results is due to the lack of roster system and jobs. reservation Policy and it is also pleasing that the Deputy Commissioner has promised to take action to announce the results even though the full date cannot be given. “It is not necessary to announce the result so that it will not affect the youth who are looking for jobs in the district,” he added.
The convener of the meeting, Bah Kibor C Rymbai, invited all those affected by the NGT coal mining ban to attend the meeting to discuss how to get rid of the ban.
He explained that the difference in this is that what they have returned is not from the scheme money and it is what they have been doing since previous years. The state has returned T.3000 crore to T.4000 crore and this is the usual way to provide the budget, after many accounts have been prepared.
On arrival in Shillong, a march was held on several parts of the city's famous streets before the delegation was welcomed once again at the MFA Turf Third Ground, Polo.
Meanwhile, Sohra MLA Titostarwell Chyne said that many doctors who have gone abroad to study from the government sector do not return to the state to serve after completing their studies.
The ruling party has benefited greatly through electoral bonds, while the account of the Congress party has been closed and sent to contest the elections.
Because once they arrived in this Khasi country, they didn't have to go back to their village.
“I admit that there are some shortcomings in the working but it is not right to dissolve the EC and create a new EC every day.
“Yes, I, the MDC of the area, am angry with this illegal collection and the District Council has received its share from the government (through the tax and DMR Challan),” said Mansturdy.
Shillong, Nailur 10: Deborah C Marak, MLA from Williamnagar constituency and Minister of State, on Tuesday said that Conrad K Sangma was elected MP with sympathy at that time because his father had just died. , Purno A Sangma but she said that now that spirit of sympathy has ended.
In a letter sent to the DC signed by Samla Nangaibormi Sutnga, Publicity Secretary KSU JHD and Samla Balawan Suchiang, Office Secretary KSU JHD, they said that many of the farmers who are residents of the border areas such as Khanduli and Iooksi areas have been facing serious problems since the implementation of the curfew across India as they have not been able to access their farmland in parts of Assam.
The company has 10 employees in Shillong and Wahkaji and with the closure of the office, all these employees have been laid off, the report said.
Shillong: The Coal Ministry of India, through RP Gupta, Joint Secretary, has written a letter to Shambhu Singh, Joint Secretary (North East), Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, on 10th July The letter referred to the resolution of the State Legislative Assembly dated 23rd October 2015, which required the Government of India to issue a Presidential Order under paragraph 12 A ( b) of the Sixth Schedule, to repeal the Indian Coal Mining Act, 1957 or the Coal Mines (Nationalisation) Act, 1973, on the condition that it falls within the land of the indigenous peoples. crowd.
The FKJGP leader said that the party remains under the leadership of the leaders and he has strong hopes that the state legislators who have brought up this issue to discuss and ensure that it will not affect the on the relationship between the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo.
The house belongs to Bah Phrangsngi Dkhar of Langumshing-B, police said. The incident happened at 5 pm this evening.
Besides, the opposition members also condemned the police for failing to curb the smuggling of coal in the state, which prompted the Meghalaya High Court to order the Central Industrial Security. Force (CISF) did not accept this responsibility.
However, at the same time, he said that if it is true that the central government has taken this day as Good Governance Day, he feels it is not appropriate.
However, if the party is not in power, it is not easy to implement its hidden dream.
Speaking to Rupang, Mukhim said, “I am a person who has been in this field for many years whether in defeat or victory and I cannot stay away from the people. Without money, without party, it is no longer possible to contest elections, but I believe that money is not needed, because it is still a country that knows people and knows God”.
He said that at present the party does not want to invite them to talk but if they come, it will accept them.
The KSU has urged the Disaster Management of the District to provide assistance to these households and others who have been affected by the natural disaster in the district.
Shillong, Lber 20: The State Government today transferred several IAS Officers especially the Deputy Commissioners.
The difference in this budget is the increase in vehicle tax which will severely affect the people in terms of travel and income, said the Mawsynram MLA.
There is no personal feeling.
Firterborn Talang scored the first goal for Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu in the 53rd minute.
On the other hand, the CEM of JHADC, Bah Thombor Shiwat said that all the three District Councils have brought their own grounds for their opposition. their opposition, nothing can happen.
There are many comments here on the lack of attention and weakness of the MDA Government in Meghalaya especially in the field of literacy and education led by the NPP party which all our leaders have left. die lut sha you.
Referring to the Ambulances, the Seng has found that there is no fully equipped Ambulance to transport patients to other hospitals at any time and this will cause problems to the people when there are emergency cases especially in hospitals. you're going to sleep.
"“However, the situation as usual within the state, it seemed difficult to meet the traffic.
On the other hand, UDP General Secretary Jemino Mawthoh said that the party's position is that the implementation of the roster system will continue.
Explaining the incident, the 11-year-old girl, who is a student of Sacred Heart School, said that the incident happened at 3:20 pm while she was coming home from school.
The field day under the NEH Component Scheme was held on Friday at Allagre village in West Garo Hills. don't just participate in this program.
