No casualties were reported from the incident, police said.
Once again we come to pray,O Government to keep your promise;To see the changes,In the state of Meghalaya.
Nongpoh, November 22: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today visited Umden area in Ri-Bhoi District to take part in the Ri Kunai La Tynrai Festival organized by NEFA to preserve the culture. He promised to make Umden one of the central places and especially to complete the road which the people have been waiting for for a long time due to the difficulties in coming and going.
Jowai, Nailar 26: The All Jaintia Commercial Vehicle Association (AVA) has expressed its deep sorrow over the death of 45 commercial vehicle owners in East and West Jaintia Hills. linked to the murders of Two commercial vehicle drivers in less than a week.
“We now have a lion from Garo Hills who is also an MLA as you know and we believe that he is the best candidate to contest this election and he has done that.
Voting is the power of us as citizens to bring about changes in the rule of law by re-electing the same leaders who have been in power every year or re-electing others.
He decided to go back early on the first day.
People should vote for a Government that works for and serves the people.
The KSU has demanded that the education department of the state government should punish this teacher so that this teacher's failure will not affect other teachers and students.
She said the government is preparing to take to the Cabinet how to run the college, which could be in Public Private Partnership (PPP) mode or in collaboration with government hospitals like Civil Hospitals. such as a Medical College or to collaborate with fully functioning universities.
Besides, Bah Lyngdoh expressed his surprise how the BJP continues to cooperate with the NPP in the present government after accusing it of being a corrupt government.
VITAMIN D:— Vitamin D is a fat soluble vitamin and is essential for the health of the body.
With the loss, La are currently in fourth place with 16 points from nine games.
These office bearers and members were confirmed on Saturday last month.
Shillong, November 13 : The NPP Shillong North on Monday evening held a Christmas celebration with 200 families in the Nongmali area. by distributing clothes and gifts.
The electricity bill for Domestic DLTs will be T.410 for 100 units, T.450 for more than 100 units and T.610 for more than 600 units.
The match between Evergreen Mukhla and Panaliar ended in a 1-1 draw.
Nongstoin, Naitung 20: It is a great honor and pride for the Tynhiang village and area, that a leader from the area has been selected by the Institute of Education and Management (IIEM) New Delhi, to The Institute has submitted his name to the Solidarity Indian Council New Delhi for the Vijay Rattan Gold Medal Award. .
The ceremony will be held on the 17th July, 2023 at Ummulong Stadium West Jaintia Hills District, in the presence of members of these two Unions from all districts of the State. from their annual General Meeting.
There are also those who believe that drinking milk before going to bed is necessary and should not be avoided.
The meeting discussed seven issues related to people living with HIV (PLHIV), their access to health services, support through programmes, implementation measures. and develop their skills, to provide training and outreach, nutrition support and legal assistance.
No one listens to the Truth because money has been used in all matters.
When applying sunscreen, remember to apply it 15 minutes before going outside, and wash it off every 2 hours.
In the first semi-final, Swiatek tried to play well against Gauff and won 2-0
He said that when the Prime Minister said that he has made Meghalaya proud in many ways, he remembered how he has made the youth of Meghalaya proud by not being able to provide jobs and defame the state. their future.
She also said that he is the only one who knows how to explain about the unemployment of the youth.
Speech was also delivered by Babu Boldness L Nongum, Principal of the College on Gandhi's vision of making India the cleanest country in the world.
The protesters covered their faces with iong jain and demanded that the closure notice issued by the Shillong Times Pvt Ltd, Meghalaya should be lifted.
The high levels of uric acid in the body can be life-threatening because they can develop many diseases affecting the blood vessels.
With this money, the farmers have been empowered to overcome many problems.
Eligibility: SSLC 70% above HSSLC 70% above BA 60% above BSC 60% above B.COM 60% above Professional course pass The deadline for submission of Mark Sheet and Residential is 16/0 /2021.
They are working and studying in the state, the statement said.
According to a statement from the Meghalaya Basketball Association, only those players born between 01-01-2003 and 01-01-2006 are eligible to participate in the selection programme.
The peace talks have started and the state government hopes that the talks will end soon to bring lasting peace in the state.
He said that the party itself does not want these offices not to respect the special days of the nation and therefore it will show by its actions.
The Jaintia Hima is perhaps one of the oldest Himas which had many different religions and ethnic groups but lived in peace.
“On the other hand, the Prime Minister urged the people of Manipur to strive to maintain peace and order and refrain from any acts of violence. appealed to all for peace and also to urge to resolve differences in a peaceful manner and also appealed to all to refrain from affecting and destroying religious feelings.
Therefore, the state is still losing many people every year.
If those who violate the No Entry rule are found, the Dorbar Shnong has to take its own responsibility.
U Bah Runing, has been drowned since the 3rd of this month and his body was buried today.
“If the wholesalers are having difficulty selling at the price of 3 tyngka per kilo, they should agree with the government and they should not exploit the poor but they should sell at the price,” said Commander Shangpliang. and Mr. Edelbert Iawphniaw.
With the availability of modern media, we hear many news through events around us especially the outbreak of this disease in the neighboring state, has increased.
The Behdieñkhlam festival of the Raij Chyrmang started on the 24th of this month under the leadership of Langdoh Kongwasan Chyrmang.
Why is the RSS so close to this religion, isn't it because it sees it as a shrah for its Hindutva ideology.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The fourth edition of the Modern English-Khasi Dictionary, written by Fr. Francis Kharwanlang, has been released.
In this state, from time to time, the government and the District Council have talked about the cleaning of the Umkhrah River but we don't know when it will be cleaned.
Referring to the fight against illegal activities in Meghalaya by the state police dozens of times, the UDP leader said that those in power within the state should be allowed to leave. state to take over and oversee the events taking place within the state.
P.S: Please also read the book “Ri Khasi ba Nga ieit” Part I (The dangers ahead) for more information.
He also urged all the members of the Alumni and all those who have passed from the College to give their cooperation to raise the status of the College.
The registration form fee is Rs.50/- per set (5 sheets) which will be issued by the office of the Shillong Sports Association to the teams on the day of receipt of registration.
The defeat itself shows that the leaders and workers of the Congress Party have not worked hard to attract people, they have failed in their party and political tactics.
Speaking to reporters, Donbestar Syiemlieh said that he started this business in 2019 in Shillong and after that with the encouragement of his family he went to continue this business. Cores Marweiñ, Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) Coach of the Year 2021, has been involved in training in Ri Bhoi District.
Police request the public to inform the police if they see anyone throwing garbage.
“By setting rules, there will be monitoring of the use of these media,” said Bah Wahlang while speaking at a discussion on the topic, “The emergence of Onine Media-Impact on Society Society and Governance" as the anniversary of the online newspaper www.ohmeghalaya.com held on Saturday.
“From April to November, these teachers have not received their salaries, and I hope they will receive their salaries before Christmas.
Portugal's biggest loss came when Ronaldo failed to score a goal from the penalty spot, while Iran equalized from the penalty spot. Karim Ansarifard, before the game.
The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills has conducted two awareness campaigns to raise awareness among the public to fight against drug trafficking.
The competition was held at KJP Girls HS School, Shillong.
“Let's eat, Father...” The husband called and they went back to the kitchen.
These workers have been staying day and night in a tent built on the ground floor of GVK EMRI 108 in Lawmali, Shillong.
Higher Secondary School which has not yet been able to meet the requirements.
As many of the government departments or the military have been in the state for decades and maybe hundreds of years, they feel more ownership of themselves than the villagers. land or even the village authorities, so as soon as they get the opportunity, they don't dare to take away the land that belongs to the people.
Many of the principals of the university have been arrested including CM Jha who is the chancellor.
“They don't need to bring anything except kwai leaves,” said Zingkhai. He said that the machine can be taken to other BOPs in Umkiang area if the people demand.
So far, the names of the deceased children of the billionaire have not been released.
The Prime Minister said that the levels that India has reached in the past five years have never been imagined before.
The Jews worshiped God in vain by the teachings and commands of men.
The time was about 12 o'clock.
Lajong were awarded the penalty spot by the captain of the team, Renan Paulino De Souza.
Shillong: The Shillong Times has confirmed that an employee of The Shillong Times has tested positive for the corona virus. The Dorbar Shnong has talked to the government to ban the construction, but nothing has been done yet.
The source said that the Meghalaya Police have stayed overnight in the village as a sign to remove the fear of these refugees. In these few days, these refugees will be able to return gradually to their own villages.
In fact, there are many Association schools in Govt.
At the end of the first half, Lajong have scored all three points and have moved up to fifth position in the table with 22 points from 14 games.
Speech was delivered by NPYF Mawshynrut Block President Franklin Dkhar and conducted by Shanbor Syiem at Don Bosco Hall Riangdo.
On Tuesday, the District Administration has destroyed three more illegal factories by blowing up the factories.
The meeting was attended by 161 members: Hubert Marbaniang, President, Bipen Pradhan, General Secretary, Shibu Das and Danny. Secretaries are Christabel Pyngrope, Pynshngain Marbaniang, Radhika Chettri, Kajol Gurung, Ananta Ranjan Das, Treasurer Suman Pradhan and 161 Executive Members.
In previous years, those who came for treatment and consultation at Shillong Civil Hospital were mostly from rural areas with low income.
Earlier last year, there were strong protests against the CAA in the state and five people were killed in the protests.
The 21-year-old athlete from Manipur has improved his record by 0.033 seconds.
By Bah Philip Marwein The main purpose of setting up markets in Mawlai-Mawïong and Garobadha (Garo Hills) is for the benefit of the farmers.
There have been 9,272 cases and 1,189 recoveries. In the past 24 hours, 31 deaths and 1,211 new cases have been reported. new.
The body was found by some of the vendors who informed the VDP and the village of New Nongstoiñ who immediately informed the police.
What does the UDA have to do?
“It is necessary to maintain peace and order in the state to ensure the development and security of the people of the state,” he said. , the State was the best in the past year"
At present, I don't know how many people have received labor licenses or renewed them.
“We pray that God will bless you all,” the church said in a statement.
“The EC should take action against this action of the Syiem, and if necessary even review the Sanad for the Syiem and make strict rules so that he cannot take whatever he wants,” he said. u Mr. Pyneid.
The Kur Kharkongor also demanded that a magisterial inquiry should be conducted into the death of Kong Victoria.
The driving of trucks carrying goods in the workplace should also be driven by skilled labour.
In the WikiLeaks cable of 12 July, 2005, there is an article entitled, "The US-India Nuclear Deal: Shaping Public Opinion.
My job is to bring about the beginning of peace talks between the Central Government, the State Government and the HNLC because my job is to inform the government through its Ksiang”.
He said that at first everyone expected the BJP to come to power, but after the elections, it was understood that the people of Assam still have strong confidence in the party. Congress.
The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council, Meghalaya follows the Land Survey and Records Preparation Act
The Government, through the Deputy Commissioner, should ensure that the JMB follows the dates and times set for the collection of garbage as stated in the notice issued in the 17 October, 2023.
These Councils can be found in Article IX and Part IX A of the Constitution of India and at the same time we can find that the Constitution prohibits their implementation in Meghalaya.
Prestone said that this is the responsibility of the NHIDCL and not the State Government, but by the Central Government through the Highways and Transport Department.
The union strongly opposes the plans to expel them on the day of the khyllaw market and especially on the day of the musiang market, which are the biggest market days as farmers from all over the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills come. carry the goods to sell, and if they are driven out the goods will become bad and it will be like a punishment and to deprive the poor of their rights.
I ran outside the counting hall......... As soon as I reached the counting hall, the crowd of billions of people from the three parties joined hands and shouted “Ki Lai Lama, Government will build Congress outside, wat don't rule.
He said that people from various groups have come out to march and protest against the proposed implementation of the Act in different parts of Garo Hills.
Kamran was one of those shot dead in a 12-hour clash in Pulwana this morning and is also a close disciple of Maulana Masood Azhar.
The HYC Baridua has taken this action after receiving a letter of complaint and support from Ailad Lating regarding the attempt of the foreigner to steal the land of her daughter, Salami Lating.
Jowai, Naiwieng 29: The two Shillong-Jowai Commercial Vehicle Drivers Associations, including JSGTCA, Jowai together with ITD&OA, Shillong today held a meeting to discuss the price of Jowai-Shillong as well as Shillong-Jowai, this decision of the organizations comes after the concern about the complaints of the people from time to time.
Thousands of people have taken refuge in a church in Cairo and many others have been injured in the bloodshed. They rushed to the hospital and even the bodies, there are many, who are still on the road.
These items were hidden on the road to the Gen Area Iron Bridge.
On that day she sent to buy a cow's heart to go home to cook jyntah because she was so happy for her son.
It was also ordered that the work of farming and the movement of people in Shnongpdeng may also resume; However, the entry and exit from these villages has been closed.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inspected the site for the construction of the National Games Stadium at Tura, West Garo Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 10 : The Minister of State for Information and Broadcasting of the MDA, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the issue of Reservation Policy and Roster System should be thoroughly discussed by all the 60 MLAs elected by the people. .
He said that Cafinia has planned to release a song about the Bible and this song will be sung with mothers and relatives.
The Sumo was heading from Guwahati to Shillong.
Basketball courts have been constructed at three places including two in East Khasi Hills and one in West Jaintia Hills. and in Paduh T.9 lakh.
Samla B Umbah, President of Umsning Circle, said that the union has tried to meet the doctor incharge, but she has some work to do, so the members of the union have not been able to do so. Samla Umbah, said that if the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare does not have a person to clean these garbage, it is better to ask the DSC. Ri-Bhoi District to invite a contractor, so that he can do a good job of cleaning the drains and drains of the CHC. “Those who have to work for this purpose, should take action to clean up, not just go to collect their salary at the end of the month,” said Samla B Umbah.
According to the list submitted by the Ward Heads, there are about 7 households who have received warning letters and the cases of 7 others are still pending with the TAC. The Assam Government on Tuesday announced that Dibrugarh District has been hit by an earthquake which has caused severe thunderstorms and lightning. One of the residents of the village lost his life in the incident.
During these days, especially, on July 10 and 11, 2022, there will be heavy rainfall.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya and National President of the National People's Party (NPP), Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Monday appealed to the voters to look after the He also explained to the people of South Tura constituency that they have not elected only one MLA. , but to the chief minister of the state.
Shillong: U Congress MLA from Gambegre, Saleng A Sangma, on Tuesday said that it will be difficult for the state to reach the target of 10 billion US dollars as set by Conrad K Sangma. the government, the dap, the ram rynjain.
He said that the Ministry of Forests, Environment and Climate Change through its office memorandum No.F.22-43/2018-IA.III dated August 8, 2019 while implementing the decision of the Supreme Court has banned the deforestation. land within the boundary of the Eco Sensitive Zone or 10 kilometers from the boundary of the National Park and Sanctuary.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that to discuss the Roster System, there is no need to hold a special session but the government will take up the issue at the Cabinet meeting. at the All Party Meeting.
“Sometimes we have to blame to ourselves as well, not only to our Representatives”.
“Bah Syiem was the creator of the VAB when he was CEM but now the same person has accepted the amended VAB after being re-elected as CEM. “I have named him as a modified CEM,” said Bah Nongrum.
As they walked along the road, both of them told the story of their father's delay.
Speaking to reporters, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone, said that the state government will not allow the opening of all the border hats.
On this day, there were many discussions in which various pastors gave speeches.
This surprised the police.
Nongpoh: Residents of Umran Dairy, today, saw a body of an elderly man, which fell on the banks of the Umran River, which is located inside the village. The residents of the village went to look and found that it was the body of a man from the village.
However, if these lands are not needed for agriculture, these lands may be prevented from being cut down by the villages as they wish; They can cut trees under the supervision of the Rangbah Shnong who understand the needs of the Hima and the needs of the children of the thousand tomorrow.
Israeli troops have shot dead a Hamas militant leader who was standing on the border of the Gaza Strip.
To adequately describe his amazing work process in this small book is impossible.
Aarti Singh, who has been appointed as DCP of the Varuna Zone Commissionerate in Varanasi, has been accused of not paying the rent of her flat, the DGP's office said. Aarti Singh is the wife of Anirudh Singh.
“I hope that this program is the beginning of the investment of money at high prices and the transformation of the trade,” concluded Conrad.
He also expressed his concern over climate change in which there have been floods and droughts across the country, wars and bloodshed, the outbreak of various diseases which have affected and destroyed human lives. .
Speaking against the United Democratic Party (UDP), the former MDA coalition government, Tynsong said, “It can be said that that is their issue. u Khasi as their Prime Minister but they need to follow the rules.
For the farmers, the BJP has promised to continue to provide `6,000 per farmer per annum and to strengthen crop insurance by using the power.
Before the filing of nomination papers, a prayer meeting was held for the candidate at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall this morning.
“We will have a meeting on Tuesday to meet and listen to the opinions of the people involved and this meeting will be held after these days, we have already included some more people. members who are involved in this issue," he added.
Although in 2019 the Legislative Assembly has passed the decision on the ILP, the CEC will consider looking into this issue not only from the State Government, but from the Central Government as well,” he said.
He said that the Khelo India University Games 2023 is to promote sports in the states and the country.
He said that Expressions of Interest (EOI) have already been invited from companies who wish to hire contractors.
“Although we are in the opposition, only four members, with the support of the people we can stop the destruction of this MDA government in the past five years,” he said.
This has put in darkness the minority communities living across India.
“We have nothing to do with the insurgents or involvement in the stone throwing,” he added.
At the swearing-in ceremony, which was held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, the first slogan of the HYC was “We will not turn back, we will not surrender, NO ILP No Rest”. Secretary of KSU NEHU Unit Robert June Kharjahrin, who is also the former President of KSU NEHU Unit, informed the audience and members who attended the ceremony.
“I would like to take this opportunity to acknowledge the hard work of our journalists in this system of governance in our country and not only from the working methods of the political party. but also in many areas of sports, culture, music, where journalists are important in ensuring what they can bring to these various areas. different things happening in other countries of the world,” Sangma told reporters.
“This old one can hold about 20,000 liters at a time, while we used to buy only about 12,500 liters more. or the Chief.
Wankitbok Nongsiej (10), Ialam Nongkhar (11), Wanteibok Massar (19), Badondor Jana (40) and Banaityngshaiñ Kurbah scored 46 goals.
The stand on Article 244 (2) to strengthen the powers of the Autonomous District Councils and not to turn to Articles 371 A and G like the Nagas and Mizos.
In this regard, I feel that we as farmers have not yet received information on which crops are selling well and I request the Minister to take action regarding the market. in Bhoirymbong because those middlemen, like us, the middlemen, have cheated us syieng farmers by illegally cutting up to 10% of the syieng per kilo.
The incident happened on the 23rd of this month.
“It is the goal of the present Government to ensure that development should reach the people living in the villages in the remote parts of the state and this new C&RD Block will accelerate the development of the country. the activities of the Government and to release the schemes to the people on time,” he said.
The special day of the Referees was enriched by a football match between the Referees and the office bearers of the Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA).
It is my responsibility to ensure that the hospital runs smoothly.
This is a statement through me, the Organizing Secretary.
Upendra Pal tied 74 runs off 38 balls and Manoj Kumar 38 runs off 34 balls.
The Chinese apps banned are TikTok, Shareit, Kwai, UC Browser, Baidu Map, Shein, Clash of Kings, DU Battery Saver, Helo, Likee, YouCam Makeup, Mi Community, CM Browser, Virus Cleaner, APUS Browser, ROMWE, Club Factory, Newsdog, Beauty Plus, WeChat, UC News, QQ Mail, Weibo, Xender, QQ Music, QQ Newsfeed, Bigo Live, SelfieCity, Mail Master, Parallel Space, Mi Video Call – Xiaomi, WeSync, ES File Explorer, Viva Video – QU Video Inc, Meitu, Vigo Video, New Video Status, DU Recorder, Vault- Hide, Cache Cleaner DU App studio, DU Cleaner, DU Browser, Hago Play With New Friends, Cam Scanner, Clean Master – Cheetah Mobile, Wonder Camera, Photo Wonder, QQ Player, We Meet, Sweet Selfie, Baidu Translate, Vmate, QQ International, QQ Security Center, QQ Launcher, U Video, V fly Status Video, Mobile Legends, DU Privacy.
After the inspection, the Lamphang convened another meeting to discuss and review the work of the House.
Aryan Khan, son of Shahrukh Khan, is currently in the custody of the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB), where he has been detained till 7th March When questioned, he was very busy reading science books, the report said.
It is expected that the Shillong Bye-pass will also be one of the ways to reduce the traffic jam in Shillong, just as the Shillong Eastern Bye-pass has helped to reduce the traffic jam.
It is only such elders, men and women, who are willing to contest the election.
The Shillong Press Club (SPC) strongly condemns the use of robbers dressed as participants in the rally from Motphran to Madan Iewrynghep to create trouble and shoot and beat passers-by and protesters. message.
These include 142 cases from East Khasi Hills, 11 cases from West Garo Hills, 6 cases from Ri Bhoi, 2 cases from West Jaintia Hills and 1 case from North Garo Hills.
He may be the Prime Minister in name only but all decisions will be taken from Dispur.
“Bah Sniawbhalang said that this order was taken by the government after the HPC asked for three months to respond to the government's proposal.
In other places like Adugre to Purakhasi, Siju Telegre has also started construction.
Police have arrested Johnnystar Kharbani from Shillong in the Polo area.
Hamletson said that although Mylliem Constituency is close to Shillong, it does not have a single indoor stadium and the opening of the Indoor Stadium today is the first in the constituency.
Political leaders, who used to publish news against the residents of Them Metor from time to time, have not uttered a word or visited the area to express their concern over the bomb blast or support the residents. " don't say.
He said the Assam government has transferred the SP of West Karbi Anglong and suspended the OC of Jirikirding Police Station and the Forest Range Protection Officer in charge of the police station. ktem near the scene of the shooting.
In another news, the Seng also expressed its regret over the inability of some contractors to complete the cleaning of the road to this village from 'Iong noh' to 'Lad Mynksan' despite the Synod Service. the spirit.
First point: He gave them life.
Funding: The Government of India, in June 2020, approved Phase-II of SBM (G) with an allocation of T.1,40,881 crore to ensure the sustainability of Openness Defecation Free (ODF) and treatment of waste and wastewater from toilets.
" He said that the RJTA has tried to explain to the traders and vendors in the market to get vaccinated and about 60 percent have already been vaccinated to prevent the spread of COVID - After the issuance of this market closure order, the market has been closed.
So who should we choose and how should we choose? When we choose it's like going to buy juti from a shop in Iewduh or Police Bazaar. and so on, until we have lost our jobs and we have lost our lives.
The JSU has strongly condemned the statement of the President of the JHTOA who said that the JHTOA should “find the existing laws first”. “It is difficult to implement the existing laws but it is useless because it is the coal workers or truck owners who protect foreigners and it is difficult to fight against the rich ,” said the President of JSU Bah D Kyndait.
“The Kur has grown in good deeds and also in bad deeds because it has become the strongest Kur in the Bri u Hynniewtrep,” said Bah Snaitang.
Three others were injured in the incident.
Earlier, it was reported that Assam Minister Phani Bhushan Choudhury, who belongs to the AGP, had to flee from a meeting in Manikpur, Bongaigaon district.
He expressed his satisfaction with the election of the Sordar of Raid Nongblai which did not have any discrimination but was elected according to the customs and traditions of the Raid.
The people did not have money in hand and were forced to beg from their relatives even when they were facing health problems.
Besides the prominent political parties, the people of the area have started to support another newly emerging political party in the state known as the People's Democratic Front (PDF). ).
Following the meeting of Government Ministers who agreed to speak on Republic Day, Lyngdoh informed reporters that security will be provided according to the rules.
On the other hand, Bah Bajop expressed his regret to see that Dr. Mukul Sangma, former Chief Minister of Meghalaya who is also the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, border village.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills regrets to inform you the residents of Jaintia Hills and Khasi Hills to Garo Hills that for unavoidable reasons, the Union has postponed the date of the The fete will be held from 19.11.2022 to 25.11.2022 at Madan Wahsalu, Sabahmuswang Village, West Jaintia Hills.
The State Police should strengthen security and surveillance at the border areas which are the entry points into Meghalaya.
According to Bah Pynshngain, the Executive Committee has already decided to send the Bill to the Select Committee in the last dorbar after the MDCs lodged a complaint against the proposal to pass the Bill.
The body of Walinda Binong was taken to the Marngar crematorium in the presence of her relatives, Kur Binong leaders, Marngar residents and others. who came from other places.
Shillong, November 24: 35 from 13 villages of Nongrim, Umdohthli, Mawbri, Liar Bang, Bhoirymbong, Maw Iambei, Kyrdem, Umroi Laban, Mawkyrdep, Khlieh Umstem, Mynri-Umsning, Umket , and Mawnoh Synrum, who are involved in traditional medicine and herbal medicine, as physicians, nurses, who are also members of SPIKAP, whom we call Doctor Sla, to fight against Khieshoh Rih ( Malaria), in Meghalaya, arrived at a training center organized by Caritas-India, in collaboration with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. -Malaria (Dept of Health- Malaria) Govt of Meghalaya and Society for Promotion of Indigenous Knowledge and Practices (SPIKAP), from 9.30 am to 2 pm, on 22nd November 2013, at the Dorbar Hall Frighteningly.
The method of separation is better by removing the mother than by taking the piglets away, because the piglets are more accustomed to that room.
Meanwhile, the students said that they are still in shock and have asked to return to their homes temporarily because until now there is still a threat to them from the Bengali students and from any other country. but nothing shall happen to them.
Shillong: U Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit today visited the office of the Regional Provident Fund Commissioner, Shillong, regarding the implementation of Aadhar number for the people who should receive the old age allowance. the office.
Shillong, July 10: A youth from Kynton-U-Mon village, Nongkrem has lodged a complaint with the District Consumer Dispute Resolution Forum (CDC).
Through this scheme, it was found that the youth not only get jobs, but also open their minds to a broader and more courageous thinking, as they have to go for training abroad. state as well as most work outside the state.
He said the government has already talked to the Army Authority, as the army does not have a temporary steel bridge to be used in emergency situations in the border areas.
Those employees in the offices should also be advised not to take advantage of the plats as it affects the public and not those who own vehicles.
Speaking to media, he said that according to the Building By-law and the lease agreement signed between the DC and the NPP and others who have received land from the government. In the case of government land or Revenue Land, it has been made clear that those who take over the land cannot build houses without the permission of the DC's office which is the owner of these government land.
The militants attacked the camp on 13th March and took them to Hajin town, near the camp.
The question is when they enter and work in the villages of the Khasi Hills, what do the village authorities do to look after this.
The total amount of money deposited into the account of the former Secretary of KHADC is T.80 lakh while the account of the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum is T.50 lakh.
The first ground of the Shillong Sports Association Stadium has been covered with artificial turf and the match between Lajong FC and United SC will be the first match of the tournament. The stadium has been under construction for more than three years.
He created man in His own image.
Nonglait recalled that 39 years have passed since its inception, and the struggles have ended only in petitions and protests in the streets.
Governor Phagu Chauhan, Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court Sanjib Banerjee, Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management Department Kyrmen Shylla, Adelbert Nongrum were present on the occasion. MLAs who also delivered speeches on the occasion and congratulated Behdienkhlam.
Furthermore, he promised that for the purpose of providing assistance to the church until the central fund comes, the state will not be able to provide assistance to the state. that it will be discussed with the officers of the department as to what is better.
The Border Security Force (BSF) of 43 Bn Meghalaya on the 22nd of this month in collaboration with the State Police have arrested two persons along with a vehicle carrying up to 3000 kilos of Shini. They were smuggled into Bangladesh through the border areas of South Garo Hills.
Khlm far without Dar.
His appointment will be confirmed and inaugurated by Most Rev. Dominic Jala, SDB.DD Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Shillong on the 20th of this month at St. Theresa Cathedral Marian Hill Jowai. , which will begin with Holy Mass at 10 am.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the family members said that there was no one at home at the time of the incident and they could not explain how and why it happened.
One person has to pay T.800 per night and two persons have to pay T.1,0
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rangbah Shnong of Mawroh, Bah HBR Lyngdoh, said that the incident happened at about 10.30 pm while these workers were doing their jobs. Six persons were shot and tied until one died, one was injured and one fled the scene.
Marak called for talks with the leaders of FASToM after a protest in front of the Main Secretariat, Shillong.
Often women follow the husband to live together.
Malki SC didn't give up until they scored the first goal of the match through Fashion Syngkli (90+3 min).
Khliehriat, March 12: The Jaintia National Council (JNC) has lodged a complaint with the CGM HR Admin. Sunil Prakash Bhardwaj and At the same time, the union said that 'The lack of attention of the NHAI to repair the road has turned the people into a source of confusion. '.
We also urge U Rupang to read carefully and understand the articles and statements before publishing them.
Shillong, Nailur 08 : The Sports Authority of India (SAI) through the Residential and Non Residential Scheme, has provided a perfect opportunity for those children who are interested in sports in the state. soon it will be able to conduct selection for SAI and STC, including Archery, Athletic & Boxing, Judo, Karate; Football.
KHNAM said that it has fought as much as possible to establish the ARPA, even during the tenure of CEM Ardent Basaiawmoit, when Adelbert Nongrum resigned from the EM seat just to give him a place. “But we are very sorry that no matter what we have done, it is the “We thought he was an elderly man but he fought for the land,” said Pyndap Saibon President of KHNAM.
He said that Mawkamoit village is the central place where all the villages in the area deliver sohsaw and all the vehicles that come to carry soh stop at this place to wait. the delivery of soil by the farmers.
From Nongspung-Sohiong, the contest will be between the UDP and the Congress, although the HSPDP cannot be counted. to Mr. and Mrs. Wankupar Syiemlieh.
Aizawl: Lalthlamuani, the first female candidate to contest the Lok Sabha elections, has said she will contest the elections because it is God's will.
He said the complaint to the Syiem was on the dispute between the two villages, regarding the issuance of patta to foreigners, and other village matters.
U Josper S Dura, NongshkenRemember also thy Creator in the days of thy youth, while the evil days come not, nor the years draw nigh, when thou shalt say, I have no pleasure in them – Ecclesiastes 12:1.
Block I is the area of ​​Labang Nongphyllut and Pangam Raliang where all the Pnars live.
Therefore, it was appropriate to think of promoting our own mother tongue as a goal that should be and rise.
On the part of Ma LD Lakiang (Founder President) he briefly explained the history of the JYF and explained in detail the foundation of the JYF. congratulations also to the new office bearers.
g in Lower Jaintia Hills) and all in Khasi-Jaintia.
And may he continue to use his talents with sincerity and righteousness to serve the Lord and lead others,” Conrad Sangma wrote on his Twitter account.
And to inform the higher authorities regarding the security of the border areas with other States.
Only the Sengbhalang who have not rested, have knocked on the door of the Secretariat to say, 'Give us the ILP,' which the people themselves have been demanding for a long time.
M.C.Mary Kom is the most successful woman in boxing who has brought great honor to India by winning an Olympic gold medal.
The new divisions include Dadenggre and Kharkutta in Garo Hills while in Khasi Hills they include Mawshynrut and Mawphlang Division which was inaugurated on Thursday at Mawphlang.
For example, only for the mystery work, when carrying out any of the heavier jobs, foreigners have to be brought in because of the difficulties in finding young people who are skilled to work even in these types of jobs.
In the Tug of War and Mawpoiñ, Dkhiah Presbyterian Secondary School won the losing title while Ambrose Memorial Secondary School came second and Ieng Swer Memorial Secondary School came second. came to three.
Jowai, March 22: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 was held by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) in Jowai on Saturday. Name Stadium, Northeast Jowai.
In 2024, the BJP will not come back to power.
Speaking to reporters, F.Kharshiïing said that the goal of the MSOA in organizing this race is to attract tourism to the area.
Bnai said that after the village saw the influx of tourists, they set up the Snongpdeng Tourism Development Society in 2013 to run this project.
This is just a joint protest and this is for the children, because what will happen to those children if the mask is strong.
Tura, Naitung 07 : Police in West Garo Hills have arrested 17 persons and 45 vehicles stolen from all over the state. Meghalaya and Assam.
Therefore, the total cost for this road has reached T.38.88 crore,” said the EM. He said that the Wahkaji-Mawthabah road will be completed in November this year.
After this, the awards were distributed to the students from various departments.
However, he expressed his disagreement with the government's 10-year deadline to complete the project, as he said it is not a difficult task, at least six months is enough to complete it. .
Hundreds of faithful from the parish and abroad took part and received the Sacrament of the Eucharist which is the Body and Blood of Jesus Christ.
So we need to fight hard because we want to win the trophy.
At that time, Jesus' disciples asked him, “Tell us, when will these things be? and what shall be the sign of thy coming, and of the end of the world? And Jesus answered and said unto them, Take heed that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass;
“We would like to urge the Shillong Contonment Board and the district authorities to take action on this issue so that it will bring back the peace of mind to the students who have to walk this path,” he said.
Furthermore, Bah Ian said that all four children have only 20 days to prepare themselves to compete in the National Games. Ian said that the MSA will prepare training for them as soon as the examination is over.
Nongpoh: A young woman from Mission Mairang village, who works at Entry Point Umling, has died at 3:30 pm this evening after drowning in Wah Umtrew. It is located in the village of Panitola, Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District.
From this point on, the chair remained vacant.
Upon receiving information about the allocation of land, he said that they had written a letter to the Lyngdoh to oppose but he did not do anything. human.
This is a reward for doing well in their examination.
One of them, who walked clean all the time, was called Naren Kakoti.
Regarding the distribution of food items to these poor families, Bah Wanpher S.Wahlang, said that the organization has received information that these 6 families, have faced a very difficult life. Because of poverty and especially to buy food items and that is why the organization has donated these food items.
Troops recovered 50 kilos of coal, a mobile phone and a Bangladesh SIM card from him.
She reportedly divorced her husband after only one year of marriage in 2009 and since then, she has been raped regularly. people, she complained in a 42-page complaint.
When that will happen, only time can tell.
Spokesperson of the group, Bah Bindo M Lanong, said that the government's extension of the term of office of the GHADC for seven and four times is illegal and against the law. rule of Ri.
The Zoram People's Movement (ZPM) is in power in Mizoram.
Short speeches were delivered by Dr. KC Ajar, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District. D Nongpluh Medical Superintendent Dr Norman Tunnel Hospital said that the hospital has received assistance.
I have directed the NHAI to try to complete the project on time,” he said after a meeting with the officials of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) on the situation. of this street.
Urging those in charge of the construction of the Kad Khaii at Dawki, Rijiju said, “I want to see that this will work as scheduled without any delay.
Leaders should be people who have the ability not only in writing but also in speaking and in public relations, or joint offices.
Bansharailang Pyngrope also invited all the youth who have responsibility for the safety and security of the state to join them.
On the other hand, the Seng Khasi urges those people involved in the misrepresentation of this tourist to immediately come forward and apologize through the media and if they do not understand the value and meaning They can meet with the leaders of the Seng Khasi to get a full explanation, said a statement from Rgh Arwan S.Tariang, Genl.
Shillong: On 9th October 2024, at about 10.30 pm, an IED bomb exploded at a bus stand in Mawlong Market, injuring one person. .
He also promised to work hard and do better for the Constituency to bring about various developments and to improve income, agriculture, education, health and other areas. The constituency still needs to be improved.
Speaking to Rupang, Shylla said that there should be special treatment for Lambha Nongrum, so that he can get a healthy body and also adequate protection for him. u, because he expects, that the truth, many, will come out, when the young man, is well, and that he will be able to tell what happened to him, until he was thrown into the pit. Wow Smile.
The prize money is Rs 2 lakh for the winner and Rs 1 lakh for the loser.
Because he made it clear to them that unity and understanding is a very strong force because if the saphret are destroyed at will by the merchants.
In the third match, Mukhla Umlangshor beat Tympang 3-0 in the first half. Sammuel Shylla scored in the 17th minute while Niewkor Sari and Heimon Lyngdoh scored in the 48th and 60th minutes.
The Cabinet meeting on 2nd June has decided to postpone the MDC elections for the two councils, the JHADC and the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
He said the government had to account for the money spent due to the lack of funds.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Phudmuri Presbyterian School, Mawlai, Shillong today concluded the 'Tamasa School' in which the students of the school took part in song, dance, drama and others.
Officials of the company have lodged a complaint with the Khliehriat Police Station and the police are conducting a thorough investigation.
The cause of the incident is still unknown at the time of writing of this news.
In the first half, Khliehriat West FC beat Dkhiah West SC 1-0 to shake the jars.
Is this just an emotion, we cannot say that there are many such people, but there are others whom the Creator has touched their souls and especially the conscience has affect their thoughts.
It was observed that the students have created and developed their various designs in the fields of science, technology, mathematics and environment.
Abraham called that worship “Praise and Worship”.
No decision has been taken yet, but the District authorities from Ri Bhoi, West Jaintia and Karbi Anglong, together with the MLAs, will discuss the issue. after these two meetings were over.
We have to do that if we want to fight hard, that's all we want to do,” he said.
After questioning, the suspect said that he was carrying drugs which he intended to smuggle to Shillong.
In Mumbai, there have been 42 new cases in Dharavi, bringing the total number of cases in the homeless shelter to 632 and 20 deaths.
Police have arrested a 24-year-old youth.
Shillong, Nailar 03: RTI seeker Bah Disparsing Rani on Tuesday said that Khasi youths who are looking for jobs will find it more difficult to get jobs in the Head Offices of the State Government departments. more than the Garo workers in these offices.
She said that his sudden death is a great loss to the Mawlai Village as he was a Paia who used to support the Mawlai Village in any issues that affect the community.
Among the cows there is a female cow, but the male cow is used as a kyrtong cow and a dab cow according to their characteristics.
When asked about the shortcomings, the CEM of JHADC said that there are some shortcomings according to the government's statement and one is the creation of new elaka where the government has ordered not to name them. Doloi but shall not be given the title of Sirdar and the term of office of the Sirdar shall not be for life like the Doloi but shall be elected every five years.
Through these nine feasts of God, the mystery of God will be fulfilled.
Schools who wish to participate in the competition can call 8787715454, 8974-281047, 8787635040) and
• The word of faith is not the accumulation of wealth, but the work and earnings of the land.
In order for agriculture and income to increase, in order to create more jobs, the ICAR has explained that it is necessary to combine agriculture with other related activities. The cultivation of rice, rice bran, rice, soybeans, jhur, soybeans such as cow, muid, pig, rabbit, cattle, turkey, emu, Han, Doh kha and others. If the riewhadem crop is bad, it will be removed from the cultivation of jhur, soh and ri jingri.
It is not easy for them to pay at high prices because the income is low.
When asked by the elders, especially those who are older, they explained that this celebration with many kinds of dances and costumes is very popular among the 7 dorbars under the Nongpoh Raij. at the end of the rainy season and the beginning of the harvest to thank God the Creator and Mother Nature for the first fruits or crops that are harvested and harvested.
While the BJP talks about development works here, sooner or later, they will implement secret tactics, as they have done in other states,” he said.
These candidates were announced by the Chairman of the State Election Committee and President of the NPP Meghalaya, Dr. WR Kharlukhi.
Pangniang said the party will also send the names of more than 300 people who have been imprisoned for the sake of the state.
Happiness for young people who are ready to get married: young people who are engaged are full of joy as soon as the spring comes.
He said that the reason why the Trinamool Congress came into being is because there were leaders in the past who held power and wanted to oppress the poor. The Trinamool Congress aims to become a party of the people and the grassroots.
The CEM said that there are 95 new factories which have applied for NOC from the JHADC, but due to the opposition of many churches, the council has suspended the issuance of NOC. , President Michal Chyrmang and leaders of Mukhaialong San Shnong Circle who submitted a letter to the CEM today demanding the cancellation of the NOCs of three coke factories from JHADC including the Elaka. Rymbai and two other districts fall under Sutnga District.
Nongstoin, June 7: The Sharak Rural Development Society (SHD) will hold a concert on the 29th June 2023 at Madan New Nongstoin. Artist Eddie Lyngdoh and DJ B4ndit will perform on the occasion.
The Minister also praised the Meghalaya High Court for its upholding of the principles of justice, transparency and the right of all to receive a fair trial.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) today announced the list of 15 players for the tournament. BCCI Domestic T20 Tournament for Men, which is known as the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy.
The tree planting was carried out in collaboration with the Divisional Forest Officer, Jowai.
“The Minister has said that he will open this Block on the 26th.
St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong has secured nine ranks in the Top Ten in Science and Commerce.
They said that these people are from Umran Dairy Church, Nongthymmai, where the group left and followed the church group, led by Tbn.P .Tinsong.
Other banks include Allahabad Bank 319, Andhra Bank 333, Bharatiya Bank 703, Bank of Baroda 1709, Bank of India 350, Canara Bank 2999, Central Bank of India 60, Corporation Bank 250, Dena bank 390, IDBI bank 340, Indian bank 232, Indian Overseas bank 430, Oriental bank of Commerce 201, Punjab & Sind bank 434, Punjab National bank 400, Syndicate bank 1498, United bank of India 1063, UCO Bank 997, Union Bank of India 908, Vijaya Bank 725, Axis Bank Ltd 176, HDFC Bank 1488, ICICI Bank 119 and Meghalaya Rural Bank 8913.
“Guwahati will be like a home game for Rajasthan Royals,” he added.
The FlowerAnother part of the plant is the flower.
Shillong, March 27: Before the meeting of Dr. PW Khongjee held at Sohra today, the leaders of the BJP Sohra Mandal and East Khasi Hills, said that they will not take part and have no knowledge about the meeting. They said that it is not a meeting of the party, but a meeting of private individuals.
More than 700 people with physical disabilities have flocked from nearby villages to the Health Camp and have experienced the blessings of the camp.
The signature campaign was also a sign of encouragement to Bah Ardent although they did not have the opportunity to reach his residence in Shillong. but especially the issue that he represents for the nation.
According to the Chief Minister, the number of children underweight for their age has decreased significantly from 26.6 to 7.98 per cent by
why do you say this? The answer is as an example in our village.
The BJP believes that the Congress and others are trying to disrupt the elections by bringing such falsehoods against the BJP party in order to distance the people from the people on the most important issues. and economic growth, income growth, poor health, roads and tourism infrastructure and others.
The CEM said that the Executive Committee will also ensure that the enforcement should work properly, not to be happy with the enforcement. , so that foreigners cannot trade in our country without a trading license.
No public walking on the roads and no motorcycles or bicycles will be allowed during the election campaign.
“There are some questions that I raise, Bah Paul supports and there are others that Bah Paul raises, I support, this is unity for the people,” he said. Only one thing I say is that I cannot fight with anyone or criticize anyone, whether it is my close friends or relatives, on the basis on which I stand”.
Today, they needed to tied 293 runs but lost all wickets and scored 43 runs.
In a statement, the General Secretary, Bah RL Blah, said that after the incident on 31st June, it was seen that the names Harijan Colony or Punjabi Lane have appeared but the Union accepts these names. but it produces a misunderstanding.
So far, 43 lakh people have been infected in the country and 1.5 lakh have died.
He said that the UDP and the HSPDP are the two oldest ethnic parties and they have a long history of cooperation and will work together as a group of ethnic parties for the good of the people. miat of the people.
In a meeting with the President of KHNAM, Bah Pyndap Saibon, he said that at this meeting, the people will be urged to join hands in the ongoing protest. The public will be allowed to reach the site on their own and not by procession.
“The Prime Minister has a vision to develop the North East, especially in terms of agriculture. In this regard, he has also launched a special scheme for the farmers. In this regard, he has allocated up to T.250 (two hundred and fifty crore) to develop agriculture in the North East. Radha Mohan Singh said.
Since the first man Adam fell from the garden of Eden, death in the body and soul has entered man from generation to generation, and suffering, sickness, death has found a place to enter man.
Any article, any research and inquiry into the history of silver mining in this Bri u Hynniewtrep cannot pass, cannot be forgotten and without any article or writing about Rangjyrteh.
In an interview with the Mayor of Mairang, he said that this request of his is due to the concerns of many residents of the area and also one of the urgent needs to ensure that the works are done. who walk steadily and without stumbling.
The suspect has been charged under Section 21(b) of the NDPS Act.
The tournament started on 27th October with the participation of 8 cricket teams from the District.
We cannot wait long because we have almost lost our confidence in this government,” he said.
Similarly, in the United States, the KKK and White Evangelical Christians are strong supporters of the Republican Party and discriminate against other ethnic groups.
At the end of the distribution, the KSU expressed its gratitude to the Downtown Hospital Gauhati for its willingness to work with the KSU for the benefit of the people and the hope for the years to come. There will be more and more such programs.
Shillong: Congress MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh today urged the ethnic parties to support the Congress candidate Kennedy Khyriem in the Rajya Sabha MP elections.
Up to 4650 metric tonnes of rice and 1900 metric tonnes of rice have been sold so far from various depots in the North East.
If they are illegally resident, the law will take action.
“We cannot give up because we have been fighting for 46 years and we will continue to fight,” said Bah Adelbert.
Months have passed and now after the elections we have met with the Minister of Education but he has said that nothing can be done,” she said.
The JAC-HJ wants to have a clean and transparent Khadar governance within the Hima and to be the master of its own affairs within the Hima and the society.
On the other hand, the leaders, on receiving the information, the members went to the site to find out which company has come to employ the workers in the site without informing the village authorities and even the hima authorities. .
“It would be a pleasure to take part in the Polo to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the state and the officials to wear the tai and the but, when the state is only the border. “It has not been resolved yet,” he added.
Therefore, it is felt that the Legislative Assembly is the right forum to discuss this issue and the MPF urges your office to convene a special session to discuss this issue,” he said. said James K Sangma.
There were 32,994 cases.
Police have registered a complaint against 15 prostitutes at Sardar Police Station under Case No. 177 (07) 2023 U/S 7(1)(b) under the Immoral Trafficking Prevention Act.
Although the four MLAs have claimed that they will remain in the party, they have already decided that as soon as the elections in 2023 come, they have fled the party to escape the drowning. of the Congress Party.
They also said that while the brother of the Chief Minister knows how to do miracles from within, the Chief Minister knows how to defend him and their Deputy knows how to throw two or three sticks. the crowd is not good.
The Chief Guest, Bah Vivek Syiem, SP Shillong City, said that the biggest enemy of the army personnel who cannot function properly in all aspects is the excessive excretion of the outside body and such exercises will help to become conquerors over all diseases and even like diabetes will run away.
A monkey at the Bronx Roo Zoo in New York has tested positive for COVID-19 and has been reportedly infected by a human who used to care for and feed it.
The revenue collected from Excise Duty in 2017-2018 was T.199.30 crore, 2018-2019 was T.226.21 crore, 2019-2020 was T.276.27 crore and 2020-2021 till the month of July is T.268.79 crore.
Before the tournament, the men's and women's teams of the state, had won several medals, starting with the tournament of the Cross Country for Men and Women, Bandasharai Marweiñ, Ibanriakor Lyngkhoi and Claire Jones won the silver medal. Kharbhih Network and Rainfall.
Our customs and traditions are what unite us as a nation.
The spread of garbage and the pollution of water and rivers is an issue that the villages and residents have to take care of from now on otherwise the problem will be for the future generations. come.
She is now very happy that she has been able to build a house for her family and provide for the needs in this house.
The residents stand in line to wait for the pali with their children which is exactly like buying cinema tickets and the place is crowded with people who come to deposit or withdraw money.
In the final match, the women's team of Amlarem Govt.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has had to ride from one state to another in the North East to swear in the new governments and their members.
At the same time, the court said that although there have been companies who have complained against the DCs for demolishing the illegally built Coke Factories, but the court has not been able to take action against them. Your law is not issued by the Deputy Commissioner.
The MDCs immediately denied that they could do this.
He said that there are some residents who are able to use environmentally friendly vehicles such as electric vehicles, but most of the residents continue to use vehicles that have been used. walk on the road for many years.
The union said that if they do not pay within 10 months, the union will not take any other measures against the bank. KSU Nangbah Unit Publicity Secretary Samla Consciousness Susngi said in a statement.
Revelation is a book full of symbolic images such as the number 666, the dragon, and the wild beast.
The Chief Minister said the state government will set up a Tribal Research Institute (TRI) at Chidikgre in Babadam to gather information on the livelihood of the tribals. .
Regarding the statement of the Minister in charge of District Council, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, he said that there has been no complaint from the three CEMs regarding the decision taken by the Lat. Before passing the District Council Bills, Bah Adilbert said he cannot understand whether he has been misled by the Minister or the Law Officer.
Let us turn back to the problems of the farmers. What the farmers face first is the market, where they are like slaves to the lack of longtrai and the inability to price their products. look at us like those who are stupid and villagers but know that without these stupid villagers we wouldn't have lived long, or we wouldn't have lived as we are now .
Those teachers from different Districts and Sub-Divisions have to fill up the examination form to contest the Class XII examination
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Joint Action Committee of All Teachers of Meghalaya (JACATAM) has announced its second strike after the first one ended without any response. from the government.
“It is foolish for the government to discuss the call for talks if the government considers the HNLC as thieves,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
“The university urges all those involved to come to the table of discussion and verify the issues raised and also the steps taken by the university and not to go out and protest,” he said.
The passport issued to Mehbooba, who was the last Chief Minister of pre-partition Jammu & Kashmir in 2019, will be valid from July 1, , until January 31,
Nongstoiñ, Iaiong 6: Following the complaint of the coal traders in Shallang area regarding the presence of too many illegal money collection gates along the highway from Shallang to Nongchram, several journalists of They went to Shallang area on Tuesday to Nongchram which is the outskirts of West Khasi Hills District, to verify the presence of illegal collection gates from coal trucks passing through. this is the road.
Samuel B Jyrwa, who represented the people at the SRC, said that they will meet again on Friday the 26th of this month.
On the other hand, Swarup congratulated the students and stressed on the need to make proper use of education for the betterment of the society.
Participants are providing an immediate reporting system for the ECI and individuals / groups working during the elections to discuss and provide information that can assist in the speedy completion of requests which are legally binding, following the guidelines, from the ECI.v.
Arbinus is a close friend of Ngaitlang Dhar MLA Umroi who worked hard to win him the MLA election and later received the support of the MLA when he contested. MDC in the year
The Rangthong Presbytery, Shillong, Jakrem Photjaud and Mawkyrwat Presbytery will celebrate their 29th Anniversary on the 4th of this month at 2 pm. :00 o'clock in the morning.
“According to information received, the incident was caused by family reasons.
According to KD Saha, “When Assam joined the British Government in 1826, the British Government thought of connecting Sylhet to the Brahmaputra Hills through the Khasi and Jaintia Hills...and David Scott , who was an agent of the Government Company from abroad, built the road through the Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
Meghalaya has witnessed the inauguration of the 10-Bed ICU Project and Tele ICU Hub at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
Conrad reminded that when the insurgents come to peace as happened in other states , the agreement between them and the government is clear , which he gave the example of the insurgents in Nagaland when they The Naga Regiment has already been formed to provide employment to the Bodo rebels. He said that the Bodo rebels have been allocated separately and the government has agreed to pay them. “What has the Meghalaya government done with the ANVC, ANVC-B,” he said.
I remember, “He just listened and didn't say anything, but I knew later that he wasn't sure whether he was a man or a woman”.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said, “Today at the meeting, it was decided to appoint an expert agency, which can inspect and investigate the reports of a leak from the uranium waste dump in Domiasiat and submit a full report.
The match between the two teams was very friendly from the start to the end of the match and this has really impressed the football fans who came to witness the match.
The SP said that a charge sheet has already been filed against them in connection with the smuggling of cattle from India through Jaintia Hills to Bangladesh and it is now pending in court. to give a verdict on this charge and the case and they were charged.
He also clarified that tenders have been called at will in the past three months, he said so far only eight major projects have been called for tender.
“One party after another from Meghalaya who have leaders in Parliament has raised this issue,” said the President of KAS. but now even MPs from other states have spoken about it.
Heimon Phawa and Arilin Dkhar, JYF leaders in Khliehtyrshi, today brought the E-Roll of JHADC to verify the registration of foreigners including Nepalis, Advasis. According to the JHADC E-Roll 2014, Miller Biarkrem Puia Renthlei, William Ralte, Choaba Gondaimei, Narayan Lama, C Lalthanzika, Dhormo Kamei, Samuel Topno, Z0ramchhana Sailo, Arun Kullu, Somipei P Shimray, Victor P Shimray, Biazidinga Renthlei, Wanghring Hulang, Lalsangpuii Renthlei, Raju Gurung, Phulmaia Sunar, Raitka Sunar, Maya Sunar and Jamuna Sunar. Thiamei Gonmei, Martha Tudu, Laibiak Diki, T Lalnil Lawma, Athoi Hulang and others.
II/10, dated 22nd March, 2023 under the chairmanship of Pongseng R.Marak as Chairman and 13 other members as Co-Chairmen and Vice-Chairmen held its first meeting this Thursday at Main. Secretariat.
“Even Benedic said that the people have now seen how development projects are coming and thus they know and want the BJP in Meghalaya.
Reddy asked for a detailed explanation regarding the punishment of those convicted of execution at the hands of the law and those with mental illnesses.
The demonstration will start tomorrow from Laitumkhrah, Kieng, Jail Road and Polo and on the 3rd from GS Road to Motphran.
As the days go by, we see that many critics say that they will win the VPP candidates in the MDC and MP elections. and to recruit people into this organization.
The Dorbar unanimously decided to leave early on 12/08/2019 and took them from 4:00 AM on 12/08/2019 to Khliehriat.
Shillong, July 03: The FKJGP Mawlai Circle together with the Working President of the FKJGP Central Body, Bah Welbirth Rani this afternoon visited the May Queen School in Mawlai Nongdong. ,50,000 (Fifty Thousand Rupees).
Earlier, Bah Gary Jarman Lamare completed the construction last year.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Nongpluh said that the tournament is part of the preparation of his department to select the team for the Bajra Tournament. the year.
Trains were burnt down, cars were blocked, buses were stoned and a BJP MLA was injured; from the anger of the youth, against this appointment, which has been going on for only a few years.
Other areas in East Garo Hills and South Garo Hills have also been on alert as the Simsang River has flooded several areas in Williamnagar and Baghmara.
The JNC led by Education Secretary Diamon Bareh and Vice President Shanborlang Bamon today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal, IAS. Regarding the NH-6, the union has demanded and urged the NHAI to repair the road immediately and also that the NHAI should spray water twice a day on the road. especially in Khliehriat as the residents have been severely affected by the landslide due to the deterioration of the road and the water supply should be during the school hours and after school hours. The landslides have affected the school children who were walking along the roads in Khliehriat. The landslides have affected the houses on the side of the road, as well as the shopkeepers on the side of the road. road in Christchurch.
Hanaman took over the post at a time when there is a lot of violence in Garo Hills.
Shillong: Police in East Khasi Hills, have confirmed that a bomb exploded on Saturday night near the bus stand at Metor, Ïew Mawlong. At about 10.30 pm in an abandoned house.
Therefore, it will be a difficult task for the Expert Committee to review the Reservation Policy as they have to come up with a policy that will cover everyone.
The athletes of Ferdy School of Martial Arts (The Revolution MMA) who competed under the banner of the Meghalaya Jeet Kune Do Association won six gold and one silver medals at the 8th North East Jeet Kune Do Championship which was held in Guwahati, Assam on 26th November,
The Seng invites all the members of the Parish Pynursla to attend this meeting.
In West Garo Hills, 74 cases, 80 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 25 cases in Barato Cluster, 6 cases in Chilliangraij Cluster, 2 cases in Dulong Cluster, 2 cases in Jeraload Cluster, 2 cases in Khliehtyrshi Cluster, 2 cases in Mihmyntdu Cluster , Rally Cluster 4, Saphai Cluster 2,Tpeppale Cluster 2, Ummulong Cluster
Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh MLA Umsning was the chief guest in the presence of Dr. E Kalwing, Deputy Director MACS Shillong, Rocky Kylla Chairman Umsning Town Dorbar, Rocky Marweiñ Rangbah Shnong Umsning Proper B, members of RAWA, parents and health workers .
In another statement, the Manipur Police Department in the past 24 hours has arrested three members of the NRFM. Police also recovered a pistol, magazine, five rounds of 7.65, three mobile phones, T.220 cash, an Aadhaar and PAN card and a Honda motorcycle. Activate.
The government has said that the company will operate the hotel for 30 years and every 10 years, it will increase the salary to the MTDC by 10 percent until the end of the term.
Shillong, Naitung 2022: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi Circle on 7th November 2022 has confirmed its new office in Mawkajem and sworn in the new members.
The State Government alone has already prepared its proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule and has now sought the opinion of the three District Councils on the amendment bill.
Their visionary eyes touch and touch their souls, unlike those who have no soul.
In the evening, they fall asleep lyngngai and in the darkness of the sky they disappear into dreams.
As the match went on, both the teams started to fight hard to get the ball into the net but it was in the 84th minute that George Franky of Laingut Chidus scored the first goal. FT scored the first goal of the tournament and Laingut Chidus FT won the title against Rangkynsai FT.Ha. The Nonglang Super League Football Tournament 2022-'23 was attended by many youths of the village and the youths of the area. Bah Edilbert Iawphniaw, one of the young men of Mawkyrwat.
In the second half, Lion SC beat Chilliangraij 3-1 with goals scored by Banteibor Syngkrem in the 27th minute, Sanborlang Kharsahnoh in the 76th minute and Arkini Laloo in the 76th minute. 89+3.
He said the world has now realized that development projects that are not sustainable and life-giving are not true development projects.
Shillong: The Department of Telecommunications (DoT) Shillong today inaugurated the 4G BTS facility of Reliance Jio Info Com Ltd (RJIL) with a 40 meter tower at Jair village (Census Code 277803) of Ri Bhoi District in Meghalaya as part of the celebration of Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav.
Then the shynrang didn't have a jerk because he was ready to go.
There are 38 recoveries from the disease.
Shillong: Thirty-three trucks carrying coal from Bhutan have been detained by Customs at Dawki since the 15th of this month, said Dolly Khonglah, Secretary, Dolly Khonglah, Secretary of the International Exporters Chamber of Commerce of Meghalaya. when talking to the media.
There was only personal gain while many churches fell into poverty.
One of the things he stressed to the people is the need to have a responsibility to protect the environment through government schemes to be implemented properly, as the goal of the government is to make India a “It is a threat to the future generations,” said the Union Minister, Gajendra Singh Shekhawat.
NE India, Bah N.Syiem Syiem of Mawiang Hima, Bah Manlystar Lyngdoh Acting Basan Lyngdoh Kur Nonglait, the people from the villages under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Kur Lyngdoh Nonglait and others.
As soon as she reached the water, Kong Dapmiar immediately got ready to look at the place where there was no meat.
Robert said that if the influx of foreigners can be stopped, it will also affect the income, because as it is now, only the people whom the state has cannot help. This is because there are many poor households and if more people come, it will affect the income of the state.
Bankupar Sutnga, Chairman of the Central Body of the Kur will be the chief guest at the meeting.
He said that this is the second time that the Nongstoiñ zone has been able to hold this meeting.
On the other hand, Santi Bai said that she will give her full support to establish links between NEHU and the Universities of Mauritius to learn more about climate change, hydrology, culture, traditional ways of life, language, literature, defense and so on.
She further implies that perhaps, something like this happened to someone before they started their own family.
Forwardman said that hydropower is a clean and renewable source of electricity and urged the Government to take action to implement it.
Reddy congratulated all the dignitaries who have shared the key areas and challenges of their States and the North East as a whole.
DC BS Sohliya, SP BD Marak, MA Callam together with the police have rushed to Mukoilum Police Out Post, West Jaintia Hills District. Karbi Anglong for the release of the three abductees.
“It’s easy for any political party that doesn’t have a track record of development, doesn’t have a track record of performance and just make promises.
Gujarat police have arrested 40 university students for playing PUBG, a smartphone game, a government minister said. “houses inhabited by ghosts".
“If you've been in class for a long time,” he said, “I'll sit in the second class.
The KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has announced that the mass protest scheduled for the 25th of this month will continue. .
Gavin didn't have a palace.
Police have recovered 37.28 grams of heroin packed in three soap boxes and a mobile phone.
The Nagas will vote in Nagaland, the Mizos in Mizoram, the Bengalis in Tripura and West Bengal, the Assamese in Assam, the children of Hynniewtrep inside the Hynniewtrep land, the Garos in Garoland. from Bihari to Bihar and so on.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYF) invites you to take part in the demand of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYF) to force the Government to pass laws and regulations to reserve jobs for the The private sector accounts for 80% to 100% of the youth of Hynniewtrep.
It also keeps your immune system strong and contains antioxidants.
The departure of these members came after the Congress announced the ticket for Lazarus Sangma for the Chokpot constituency.
Police have arrested the brother of I Love You Talang, Meban Talang and his friend, Sambun Dkhar, on charges of murder. a 29-year-old young man, a 29-year-old man.
“We will hold a protest which could disrupt the district council elections if the government does not lift the MPDA charges against Bah Kharbani within 10 days,” said HANM Working President Nelson Kharbani. .
“I have taken the decision that the State Government will hold the Meghalaya Games which has not been held in many years and the 2nd North Eastern Olympic Games which will be successful,” he said.
Monterrey is about 100 miles [160 km] from the border between Mexico and the United States.
Ovenson Symblai scored the first goal in the 57th minute.
They are Minister of State AL Hek, former President Ernest Mawrie, Fenela L Lyngdoh, Mewaker Lyngdoh Pakma and Sumita Laloo.
In another incident, Shiningstar Kharpati of Umpling village, East Khasi District, has lost his life after drowning at Nongdiengngan, No. 2 of the MeECL Dam. at Expert.
One of the civil society groups has reminded that there will be no change as long as there are no parties during the elections.
The people of War Jaintia area have appealed to the Hon'ble Chief Minister Lahkmen Rymbui to provide medical facilities to those who have suffered accidents and other emergency illnesses.
The Naga People's Movement for Human Rights (NPHMR) through its Chairman, N. Krome, said it was surprised and shocked to see the sudden announcement.
Rukini RT Dkhar (East Jaintia Hills) won the Best Athlete title in the 600m category with 716 points and Brayenly A. Sangma (South Garo Hills) scored 649 points. in the Javelin Throw.
Shillong, November 24: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) under the leadership of its President Dr. DD Lapang, MLA, has appointed a committee member. Shri Manish Tiwari, Minister of Information and Broadcasting, Union Government, met with Shri Manish Tiwari at Hotel Pine Wood today during his visit to Shillong.
Therefore, through this explanation today should not end only in these four corners of this hall, but they should be the leaders and explain to other villagers.
The meeting was conducted by Dr. Solony Bareh and Dr. Spainlinmi Lapasam in the presence of the Principal of Nongtalang College, Bah Ryan. Min Lyngdoh, Headmaster, Nongtalang Secondary School, other elders, teachers and students.
We must live a life free from sin and blood and we must surrender ourselves to the Lord God to live a life of knowledge of God and to live as children of light and to turn away from the life of darkness. “The Holy Eucharist is what we proclaim.
The question is, How does this branch work? Where is Kitram?  Do you have electricity? perhaps there are;  In which village or district are there those who do not pay for electricity? The public should know, because, as we see that all electricity consumers pay for adequate and affordable light, but don't However, if there are villages and districts in the state which do not pay the light bill properly, we should know because it makes the residents of the state as a whole suffer just because of someone else.
The peace and order in the village has been affected and many UDP supporters have fled to safer places.
Jowai, Naiwieng 16: The Office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai in collaboration with the Ministry of Tribal Affairs has conducted a Hamara Sankalp Visit Bharat program at Thadlaskeiñ C&RD Block, West Jaintia Hills.
To get back a lost Aadhaar number or card is a difficult task and many people have not been able to get it back yet and have to run from one place to another, it is a very difficult task. and the people shall be destroyed, and shall be destroyed.
Prakash Javadekar, Minister of State for Home Affairs, told reporters that the abortion law has been extended to 24 months from 20 months.
In connection with this incident, the elders of Domtynrong area have lodged a complaint at the Police Station South West Khasi Hills District. Those involved in the incident are still being investigated.
“Para 12 AB can protect these days and Article 244 (2) of the Sixth Schedule has been violated,” she said.
It is learned that the reason why Khlathapsim entered the house was because he was looking for food.
North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday urged the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District to lift the order on the closure of shops. around Shillong at 10 pm.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) led by its President Bah Louis Dohtdong, has expressed its strong opposition to the demand of its friends from Garo Hills for a roster system. it should always start in 1972.
All the five states informed the Minister that they have taken steps to overcome the second wave of the pandemic and at the same time to strengthen the health resources with the support. Dr Jitendra Singh said that despite the decrease in cases, we should work better on vaccination and compliance with the rules related to Covid-1
Foreign traders are those who live to ask for money from home to eat at Subways, KFCs in order to enrich foreign and foreign companies.
When asked about the information that there are about 500 members who have attended the training, he said this is the information received from the media, and this will have to be verified.
In the past few days, the SRT has spent time to train its members how to improve their physical fitness at Umïam Pond so that they can improve their services to the residents. of the entire state.
Write a letter to your MLAs, they will have to sign and stamp the letter you put, this will prove that you have asked for help, don't just ask in words.
While he was driving the car, his thoughts turned to the conversation with the father and mother of the young woman he had met.
Oxygen is produced from these cells by the action of the Sun.
He said that Meghalaya has been recognized by the leaders of India because of the presence of such leaders like PA Sangma and he hopes that Meghalaya will continue to grow. produce many leaders who can serve for the development of their own state, he added.
She said that FDI and multinational companies will employ only those people who are skilled in the software sector.
He welcomed all those who took part in this day and wished them all the best in their work.
That's the truth.
Donkin, who failed to bat first, scored 136 runs for the loss of four wickets in 20 overs.
Nature is the closest friend of man and no one can live without nature, namely trees, plants, water, sunlight and air.
He said that what has happened in these days may be due to the lack of education in the homes.
The pastors have written to the government that no one is left in the church and 77 of them are staying at home with their relatives and foreigners.
He recalled that in the past 50 years, his soul is angry with those leaders who took over the entire state because they took over at a time when the country was still rich, united and There is no longer that order, there is no longer that unity and there are many divisions in the nation in the rule of law in the Hima and the families are also paid. They are destroyed because of the introduction of corruption and political gain through the rulers of this nation.
The KBCC has condemned the law enforcement agencies for failing to arrest those involved in the rape and murder of women and children in the past three months which has shocked the residents of East Jaintia Hills District. .
Many of the soldiers of the battalion expressed their sorrow.
In the 2001 attack on the Legislative Assembly by Lashkar-e-Taiba and Jaish-e-Mohammed militants, which killed nine people, including The death toll of the militants was also reported by the police.
“The demand for electricity is about 250 MW and the state can generate only about 170 MW if we include the electricity supply from other companies like NEEPCO, NTPC and Agartala”.
Shillong, Jymmang 26 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday said that the Government has received more than 40,000 applications under the CM-Elevate scheme within two months.
Shillong: The rainfall has been heavy in the state since yesterday.
He praised the KSU Delhi for continuing to grow until now and all the reasons are because there are still responsible youth and that the youth and the nation trust and believe in this KSU and especially as an organization that looks after the students and young job seekers of the nation.
In Sahsniang, it was reported that the strong wind has destroyed trees and even electricity poles.
In a meeting with reporters, Donbok Kharlyngdoh said that the KSU has expelled him from the party for speaking to the media about the ILP. Dr. Mukul Sangma, Prime Minister"—-"ILP is needed and no other laws are needed to protect the authorities"- "KSU Mawlai's threat to HNLC"- “Maham ia Regarding the sudden withdrawal from the GEC, Donbok said the reason is because the The Central Body does not respect the Circle, as the suspended member is still attending the meeting. He said that he has spoken to Auguster Jyrwa and Lambokstar Marngar on the issue. Speaking on the occasion, Kharlyngdoh said that it is as if the leaders of the KSU Sengkmie are insulting and insulting the expelled member and do not listen to the Circle.
These items including rice and wheat were distributed on the 7th of July.
In the second half, Mawlieh Upper Primary School beat Forsythla Secondary School 1-0 with a goal from Wanlambok Iawphniaw in the 19th minute.
“The government has done nothing for the future of education in the state when my friends from abroad who asked how Meghalaya promotes education when asked how The Minister of State has said that he has failed class 12 three times and for that reason it is sad to say that the class rank has been raised to an honor and it has been made a pride that if he fails three times or four times “I don't know, but the minister will be right,” he said.
On the other hand, Darrang Elaka has honored the Doloi of Darrang Elaka on the 16th March 2019 at the Phyllaw School of Darrang Village. Thousands of children of the Elaka came to witness the ceremony with the ksing, dkhah and tangmuri.
Meanwhile, the townspeople were ready to burn shawla and sit by the fire with many stories.
On the 20th June, 1921, the Khasi Free Morning School was founded at Mawkhar.
Dr Mazel Ampareeen Lyngdoh, MLA, East Shillong was also present as the Chief Guest.
One person, Pynshai Rani, who is one of those involved in many fraudulent activities, was arrested.
The Secretary Textiles said that there is a shortage of 16 lakh trained workers in the textile sector.
But where are those organizations to speak out on blatant corruption? Where do those organizations talk about roads and the lack of drinking water? After that, we had to gather together to discuss how we can take responsibility for ourselves and to gather the public if necessary so that we can discuss the issues that affect us individually and the villages as a whole.
(k) The Disqualification to Inheritance Act to further prevent the flow of thousands of household and community wealth outside the State through those who are inheritors.
“The BJP, which is part of the MDA government, congratulates the government for taking the initiative to reach a full peace talks with the HNLC in order to maintain peace and stability in the state,” he said.
The new cases include EGH: 1, EJH: 1, EKH: 54, RBD: 3, SWKH: 1, WJH: 2 and WKH:
Sonapyrdi FC beat Brichyrnot SC 1-0 with the first goal from Ebordame Lamare (53 min).
Tens of thousands of parents around the world ensure that their children are healthy and free from many diseases by giving them proper medicine.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 30: The ANTF Police of West Khasi Hills on Tuesday arrested two drug traffickers from Siejlieh, Mawiaban.
The Dorbar Shnong together with the Village Clubs, Youth Organizations and Women's Organizations to work together especially in the field of training in various fields to the residents.
This will not last for many years as the state government will start scientific mining and licenses will be issued according to the rules of law to ensure that the traders do not commit illegal activity in the future.
Government employees can contribute to society.
They do what they want according to their own right.
The party would like to thank its lawyers, Kastav Paul, Phiyo yobin and the assistants who have worked tirelessly during these seven years of struggle. Angela Rangad and Bah Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh who are special members of the Seng who have stood with the Seng from the beginning.
In this regard, Bah RL Blah said that the villages and village leaders should take responsibility for providing temporary quarantine centers in the villages by converting them into schools, dorbar halls and places of worship to be converted into quarantine centres.
OR Shallam, Daloi and others.
Although the two political parties have worked together to find a candidate, they have not yet taken any decision as they have not been able to find a suitable candidate.
From the domestic relationship, the Court's decision has changed.
They also demanded from the Meghalaya government and all the churches to restore peace in the state especially in the tourism and trade sectors in the state.
At that time I saw that they were arguing with each other and while they were arguing , I found that the rope they were holding was not strong enough , so I ran quickly and left the door. I'm going to run away,” said the child.
Then he quoted from the words of Scripture which says, "My household is those who hear the word of God and obey it" (Luke 8:21). he is close to those who read and listen carefully to his word.
Nongpoh, Nailur 05: A robber who was tied and bombed by the mob at MIDC Umiam has died this evening at the Civil Hospital Shillong due to serious injuries.
In a statement sent by the General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, the ceremony will be held tomorrow Saturday at 2:00 pm in Shillong.
“We will appeal to the Chief Secretary and Deputy Commissioner to close these 18 gates if the KHADC cannot close them within 10 days.
The HYC also said that no teachers have been appointed for the subject Mathematics and other important subjects in the school so far.
It is wrong to be afraid of aadhaar while you are not afraid to commit many kinds of sins.
He informed the meeting that young women are at risk of childbirth because it has not extended the 3 years of childbirth and there are also underage women. that 23 years have already given birth to 5 children.
In the midst of this strong tone, the game became more intense and the players of both teams tried hard and played well to score again but could not create the opportunities. They had a chance and by the end of the 90 minutes they had scored 1-1
Students from JNV Mawsynram and JJM Nichols Roy Secondary School attended the event.
The JSU has also sent a statement to all the political parties in the state that the time has come to unite in the ILP protests to raise the demand for the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya. .
Mizo National Front (MNF) leader Rasik Mohan Chakma was sworn in as the new Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Chakma Autonomous District Council (CADC) on Tuesday. ).
Ram Madhav, General Secretary of the BJP, said it is impossible to continue working together between the PDP-BJP and the responsibility for this political crisis lies with another party. Neymar has left the training ground today due to a serious illness in the PDP, said Madhav, referring to the PDP. your right hand.
The Circle and Units were confirmed by Christabell Wanniang, General Secretary of CSWO on the same day.
Shillong, Nailar 21: Six days before the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) was to hold a protest in front of the residence of the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, the District authorities have imposed Section 144CrPC. to walk in groups or to gather 500 meters around the Prime Minister's House.
On the other hand, the BJP Meghalaya has announced the names of its office bearers including seven state vice presidents. Riya Sangma, 2 State General Secretaries including Bah Evarist Myrsing and Lakhon Biam, 6 State Secretaries including Hakabiang Lyngdoh, Bernadette Lyngdoh, Adamkid Sangma, Brivia Thabah, Premananda Koch and Bipen Pradhan, Treasurer Sarwan Jhunjhunwala, office secretary Arunadhati Paul, state president Mahila Morcha Kong Sukhi Pariat, state president Yuva Morcha Mewakar Lyngdoh, state president ST Morcha Thomas N Marak, state president Kisan Morcha Ralden Bryan Shabong and state president Minority Morcha Shahidur Rahman.
The President of the union from SWKH, Barrister C Nongsiej, said that the company in the area is still digging for the mineral. Maheshwari Mining Private Limited (MPP) has set a target to dig up to 400 meters below ground, but till the day of the inspection, the company has already dug up to 280 meters below ground. near Wahble.
The NPP has worked hard for the development of the state in the last five years and the implementation of the FOCUS and FOCUS + schemes to assist farmers and producers groups has benefited them.
Priest, 3
It is impossible to imagine whether those who are accustomed to doing these things have the knowledge or whether the human understanding to think about their actions pleases others who see and read such things. writings and drawings that appear in the eyes of people or even in the eyes of their relatives or parents.
At the same time, he said that the extraction of mineral resources by the dewbilat and coke factories has damaged the rivers and the environment.
“The goal of the FSS is not only to raise the profile of young girls in the state but to encourage them to participate in other pageants like Miss North East and others and even Miss India.
The purpose of this search operation is to warn and explain to those who drive two wheelers, to drive slowly and avoid turning slowly, and to drive slowly from side to side, as it will cause injury. not only to others but also to those who are rich.
If we count the amount of T.150 crore per annum that goes through this scheme, if we had spent it on other sources of assistance, it would have been a great benefit. (especially in this age of Corona), where medicine can be given to the sick, food to the hungry, clothes to the poor and so on; However, this has its own purpose and that is why the voters are struggling these days and expect to get money to vote.
Through World Food India 2023, the opportunities available in India will attract the attention of the world.
Fortunately, it was in the afternoon and no one was sitting inside the shop. No injuries were reported, except for the damage to the shop. tiar that his.
On this occasion, members of the KSU have ordered to close down the branches of banks in Shillong and Ribhoi area which have opened and alleged that this behavior of banks happens from time to time. has been opened for work on special holidays of the state.
The fire has been fighting for 40 hours but the fire has not been extinguished.
Shillong, Nailar 03: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today said that the government has not appointed any more contract teachers who have not passed the Meghalaya Teachers Eligibility Test (MTET). in the state even after the state government has allowed them to complete interviews and job examinations even if they are over the age of 18 years.
The relatives of Macborn Bonnyson Kharbani, leaders and members of various political parties in West Khasi Hills were also present at the rally. Demand the law enforcement authorities to arrest and punish severely all those involved.
The incident occurred at a petrol pump at Ram Ganesh Gadkari Chowk in Dadar West.
“We have decided not to distribute polio vaccine because of the lack of confidence in the government to implement or respond to our demand,” said Haphilin Pyrtuh, President of the Joint Action Committee of ASHA Facilitators and Workers (JAC-AFW). Interview with reporters today.
Rupang has visited the stone from all its corners. It is a stone that has been erected on the ground and from the signs that appear above it can be recognized that there are still writings inside. soil.
About 80 percent of them are Garo.
Therefore, in order to solve the problem faced by the people and especially the school children, the residents of the village said that it is up to the PWD department to take action to repair the road immediately. this road and especially the water supply system.
In the past 24 hours, only one person has been infected.
She said that the delay in the registration of beneficiaries of the scheme is due to the fact that the survey 2011 was conducted without consultation with the village headmen. said Bah S Bareh, President of the Seng.
He said that so far there are about 100 villages in the state which have chosen to implement this project and others will be done later.
Sounder Strong Cajee, AMTC candidate from Mawkyrwat Constituency, Samla Benjohnson Lyngdoh delivered speeches and welcomed the people who have joined the AMTC. On the same day, the AMTC Youth's Wing also honored the youths who have brought fame and glory to the district and the state through sports activities in various fields within the Mawkyrwat Constituency. .
The Nongpoh Bar Association has also denied the allegations in the newspapers that they don't have a place to work and have to sit on the balconies. , they got their own perfect room and it also made them comfortable in practicing as Lawyers.
In the field of health, he has introduced 33 projects worth T.14,99,34,469 and in total, the MLA has introduced a budget of T.2, 21,35,26,350 from 2018 to
“However, it is a longer road and we cannot just expect everything to happen in a day but at least the initial part first we will try to do the best," he said. added.
If the Government of India through the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change grants environmental clearance to Star Cement, even after 300 public hearings of Star Cement, The MSPCB, in addition to the uranium, will also issue an environmental clearance to UCIL to mine uranium in South West Khasi Hills.
All four of these candidates have expressed their desire to follow in the footsteps and example of Maieid for Nongstoiñ. today to fulfill the wishes of Maieid Hoping.
When it comes to health, we don't have enough leaders to take care of those PHCs or CHCs so many of the sick have to be taken to private hospitals, as well as sports. We have dropped so much because we don't have proper policies and cause the young people in sports to lose hope. The sad thing is that the hopes of the young people in sports have been shattered only once five years ago. election as you witness.
In his last season with Goa in 2022-23, Redeem made 18 appearances and scored three goals, which was also a good year for him but Goa, who finished ninth out of 11 teams, while North East United FC were at the bottom.
Everyone in the village knew about the victory of Kong Lumspah in the land dispute.
Isaiah 14:13.
Guest-professional Ravi Teja (17) and Punit Bisht (48) scored 61 runs and the match ended with Meghalaya scoring 138/2
The stadium is part of the government's plan to host the National Games
Earlier, Bah Shaklïar Warjri reminded the athletes to use the prize money wisely so that they can showcase their talents in sports.
Deisakiru Nanghuloo scored the first goal for Panaliar in the 18th minute, but Evergreen Mukhla turned the tide in the 50th minute through Pynshaimiki Sana.
“The MLA has divided the party workers as residents who came to strengthen the party,” said the UDP leaders. The UDP Women's Wing Mawlai Circle said that the statement of Bah Embhahlang shows that he is an irresponsible leader and instead of cooling down. he aided the situation within the party.
Shillong, March 20 : The 59th General Meeting of the KJP Nongjri, Shillong will be held on the 29th of this month at 1 pm. 10 o'clock in the afternoon.
?" asked Bah Shanbor.
The film 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' has won several awards at the Oscars, winning seven awards this year.
He also urged the state government to introduce special measures for the welfare of teachers in the state so that they can have a better life after graduation. rest.
The Raid Madan Kyrdem strongly demands that the MePDCL should provide electricity to all the villages and should not give reasons for its lack of performance, but that when the people take electricity they should to get the rights as they should and if the electricity has to pay tax, when the electricity goes out they have to pay the same, besides that on nights when there is no electricity they have to buy candles, umphniang sharak. This has affected the livelihood of the people in all aspects and the reason is because of the actions of this department which shows to the world that there are employees who are not working hard.
Sohphoh said that as young people, we should not just watch the damage to the environment, but we should try to protect the environment for the future and future generations. , because as it has been witnessed that the whole world is in great danger in terms of climate change from heat, cold etc. and society will continue to do more and more. taken in to preserve the environment.
However, at the same time, he said it was explained to the minister that the protest was because the Indian government was stingy in granting the Inner Line Permit (ILP) as demanded by the people and the government.
The Prime Minister also recalled the leadership of the Legislative Assembly by the Lamphangs despite many challenges.
The Rangbah Shnong of Umsohma, Lailad, Bah Shembok Mawphniang and the Rangbah Shnong of Umlyngkdait, New Tasku, Bah Edwin Syngkli, found that the The bridge has been closed for several days and there are signs that it has become very dangerous for the vehicles to pass over the border. Such vehicles are not allowed to pass through the Jingkieng in Lailad.
Shillong, Jymmang 12 : The longkmie of Pynursla constituency have expressed their regret over the allegations against their MLA, Bah Prestone Tynsong who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
There are reports that the names of the children were not registered at NEIGRIHMS prior to the circumcision.
So children, if you want to be a winner, remember that when people praise you, don't be proud.
The chiefs of the Sharbrei clan were angry with the many men of Tongsoh.
Congress MLAs tomorrow visit the coal mine at Ksan in Lumthari, East Jaintia Hills where it is estimated that about 15 coal miners have been trapped inside due to the floods. of the cream.
Robert June Kharjahrin November 17, 2019 The Hynniewtrep and Garo peoples have always been independent countries and the rulers of these countries have always ruled these countries independently.
The seized sugar was handed over to the Customs Office for further investigation.
Shillong: About 10 second hand clothes vendors in Motphran, which is also on the road to Bimola, have expressed their fear of the snowfall of tin wah or posting advertisements. notice on the wall.
This was announced by the Voice of the People Party (VPP) through its spokesperson, Dr. Batskhem Myrboh.
On the occasion, Bah Kotbor Warjri was the chief guest in the presence of Bah Manbhabok Kharraswai as the chief guest and the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Paiem PM Syiem, Vice Principal of Khatsawphra College and others who also distributed awards.
“The home pipe has been installed by us, but the cleaning has been done by the PWD,” said the MUDA engineer. The work has been completed because it has put the passengers at risk of any incident.
Shillong Lajong FC will prepare for their home match against TRAU FC on the 25th of November at 2 pm at the SSA Stadium, Shillong.
When you are good friends with someone, you can influence in any way.
Speaking to media, Chairman Shnong Bah Niwal Challam said, “We will not give them our rights, their rights we will not violate at all, and we will not If they don't open their tax gate, they will be destroyed.
This was announced by Bah Hainess Marbaniang, General Secretary, Seng Khasi Kmie.
Shillong, Naitung 11 : Out of the 365 Manipuris who fled to Meghalaya especially to Shillong due to the violence in the state which began in June, many of them have left, said the Deputy Commissioner. East Khasi Hills Governor RM Kurbah.
Speaking to media, the Rangbah Shnong of Sohphoh, Mutshwa Thabah, said, “We strongly condemn this attack which has been seen as an attempt against the life of this MLA. who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the State.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 81955 out of which 79173 have recovered and 1409 have died.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Johnny Nongrum thanked the KSU for supporting him despite many difficulties and there were times when he thought he would run away, but the support was given to him. The spirit of the organization has led him to come forward to take part in the Muay-Thai World Championship to be held on November 7, 2022 in Indonesia.
A total of 576 boys and girls from different schools in the state in the U-14, U-17 categories will compete for the golden opportunity to represent the state again in the U-14 and U-17 category. This is the same tournament to be held in Delhi this year.
In the 70kg category, Tadak Dui (St. Edmund's College) defeated Russel Marboh (Seng Khasi College).
This road connects 8 villages namely Mawrap, Jerlang, Mawsaing, Nongman, Mawtangden, Mawkhyrwang, Mawbri and Lumpyngngad.
Shillong, July 11 : The Leader of the Opposition, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that although the political parties in the Opposition are not in an alliance, they will work together on important issues. and the state.
Researchers said B3 has been shown to modulate certain antimicrobial genes, strengthening the ability of immune cells to kill those bacteria.
As a child he attended school in the village from class A to class III, then from class IV to class VI he attended Tluh Secondary School, class VII in Jowai, class VIII in Govt Boys' Then he went back to Tluh Secondary School to complete his matriculation and then he completed his class XII from North Liberty HS School, Jowai.
Besides the proposed DIPR office, the building will also include the office of the Command Civil Task Force and Passport Service Kendra, the Shillong Press Club and the office. of the Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA).
Nongpoh, Lber 20: For the first time in the North East, a meeting of all the Vice Chancellors of various universities in India will be held at the University of Science and Technology Meghalaya (USTM). The meeting will also be held in collaboration with the Indian Universities Association from 23rd October 2023 to 25th October 2023 at the university in Ri Bhoi District.
Fourthly, the Cabinet also decided that 12 colleges in the state will become People's Colleges. College in Mawphlang, Sngap Syiem College in Mawkyrwat, Sneg Khasi College Shillong and other colleges in Goro Hills.
Stressing the need to protect water sources, the Minister said that the Prime Minister has already set up a water expert body, which will soon hold a working meeting in Shillong.
Replying to the Legislative Assembly, Sangma said the government has allocated 100 posts in Tura and six posts in Shillong Campus.
The 200 students selected in phase-1 have been undergoing special training from February 2023 and will arrive in Shillong at the EPP Camp to be held at NEHU SAI Campus, from 1st to 3rd June 2023 where the Olympic experts will be able to inspect the training of these youths in the presence of officials from the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs of the Government of Meghalaya.
These two quarantine facilities will fall under the jurisdiction of the COVID-19 Management Committees of nine Dorbar Shnongs including Ladthadlaboh, Newhill, Moosalyngkat, Caroline Colony, Dongmihsngi, Tyndoowapung, Mookyrdup, Lumpariat and Mooralong.
In the first phase of the demarcation, Meghalaya lost its land because it merged with Assam even though the residents wanted to come to Meghalaya. formerly in 2011.
The vehicles included an Alto tourist taxi and a Maruti van.
The question that foreigners ask is, to you Khasi, if you write about non-Khasis, you will be threatened on social media and looked down upon by your fellow Khasi. ? Who else will you have to write to? It's a question that can't be answered.
CCIB leaders including Chairman Sukkynjai Myrchiang and Kmen Myrchiang said that the committee is not against the erection of signboards at the border but stands on the ground that it should be erected from zero line so that the people can erect signs. They did not lose their land in Bangladesh.
About 8 to 10 seeds will be enough for a tea garden of one acre in size.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations, Bah Robert June Khar Jahrin, on Tuesday said that Meghalaya needs both the laws to protect the people; the Meghalaya Residential Safety and Security Act Amendment Bill 2020 and the Inner Line Permit.
We have seen how the letter sent by the Central Government to Government officials and MPs in Hindi has caused strong opposition especially from the DMK while the BJP has always supported this initiative. the Central Government.
In-ri La-i-dor Khongthaw scored four goals for the team and all the goals were scored in the second half (54′, 57′, 61′, 66′). which helped Lumparing to win the title from the hands of Iasnohktilang.
To the residents of Mawshynrut and fellow members of the party from circle to central body, on my part, I would like to announce that from today 21/oct/2022, I have resigned as leader or president. I urge my fellow members to continue to work hard and steadfastly without prejudice against the people. It requires employees who do not discriminate against anyone if it affects the community and the brothers and sisters of the nation.
Langsning opened the scoring in the 19th minute through Milancy Khongstia but Sawmer scored the second goal in the 22nd minute through Gamelial Kharlyngdoh.
However, they do not have sufficient evidence to accuse the Constituency Leaders of corruption.
Shillong: All the parishes and churches of the Catholic Church will hold a sign of condolence on the passing away of Archbishop Dominic Jala.
The employees of the JHADC on Tuesday decided to strike indefinitely after the Executive Committee of the JHADC led by Thombor Shiwat as Chief Executive Member failed to pay their salaries. 7 months from November 2019.
The UAE is one of the countries with the lowest rainfall in the world and is currently developing its own technologies to produce more rainfall in the country.
The Lamphang has suspended these Congress MPs for disrupting the House by shouting and carrying pla cards even after warning them many times.
The Old World herbs grown in India are Gossypium herbaceum, which grows well in Western India, and Gossypium arboreum, which grows well throughout the country. in India.
This was announced by the President of the Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA), Bah Starwin Kharjana.
The report said that the NCB chief said this was the highest drug seizure of the intelligence team.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Banjop Kharryngki, Secretary, Thaiñthynroh Village.
This shows that he is happy to see the strong support that the TMC has received from the people and its journey to form a government.
Shillong, Nailur, 23: Police conducting an investigation at Jowai District Jail after the escape of four robbers and a prisoner on the 10th of this month have found that CCTV footage installed in the Jowai District Jail. this prison did not work at all.
Joshine Antoney said that the smuggling of cows is a violation of the rules on the transportation of animals and the smuggling of cows is only 6 cows per truck. However, from what was found in the transportation of cows from the market, is that the trucks carry up to 26 cows in one vehicle and this will affect the animals.
As part of the preparations for the Monolith Festival, the KHADC on 9th June 2024 has released a song and a The vehicle will be used to announce the festival at a meeting held at the District Council.
In the first place, Little Flower Higher Secondary School won the first prize.
Ali, 11, said he has been teaching for a year now and is currently training 30 students studying civil, mechanical and electrical. to others.
In this age, this warning is no longer true.
A seminar on health was also conducted by Dr. Subodh Kandamuthan, Director, Dr. Kakarla Subba Rao Center for Healthcare Management at ASCI. Government of Meghalaya, Dr. Phunchok Norbo, Mission Director, ABDM, Ladakh, and Dr. A.Arun Prince Milton, Scientist, ICAR, Meghalaya.
As a sign of condolences on the passing away of this great leader of the country, the states across the country will hold a nine day state mourning, from 31.08.2020 to .2020.
Lensbirth's 41 runs from 30 balls (2x4s, 3x6s) helped the team to reach the target.
Sohmynting is now the second village to receive many schemes from Khliehtyshi MDC Constituency and the construction of schools alone has reached T.30 lakh.
There was also an expectation to introduce the Constitution Amendment Bill to change the name of India to India and also the Women's Reservation Bill.
Now, the number of MPs, who have been temporarily expelled, has reached
Besides Jowai MLA, SP Bikram D Marak, DSP Jason Mairom, NPP Working President Nidamon Chullet, JSU leaders Jersom Shylla, Treiborlang Suchian General Secretary and others were also present.
The SP of WKHD, Bah S.Nongtnger, said that the truck (AS 01 DD3507) driven by Biniw Basaiawmoit was arrested and taken to the police station. the driver and the follower as well as the owner of the coal.
He said that those who blame the VPP are those who have lost their way because they don't need to do anything.
It is also learned that the government has taken measures to strengthen security in Guwahati to prevent any incident that could disrupt the visit of the Minister.
In fact there is never a government law to hold teachers or government servants accountable for the conduct of students or individuals who are not covered at all in the Rules of
She also promised the participants to continue to work together to increase the production of bathain clothes from the North East.
Now we understand that this lockdown has helped the government to protect itself from being criticized on many issues whether it is MeECL, CAB, ILP, teachers' salaries, the relocation of the Metor, the collapse of the department. The fact is that this lockdown should not prevent the spread of the disease.
The government has no problem if it wants to collect the money from the borrowers to pay the salaries of the 39 employees of the Housing Board who have not yet received their salaries. They have received about T.3 crore for the past year.
But in the last three years, and this was after India’s journey in football and clubs would be efficient and more perfect.
“The government has no intention of extinguishing the fire,” he said.
The UDP has two Ministers in the MDA-2 government, while the HSPDP has one.
THE FIRST LAW TO BE FOLLOWED IS THE LIFE OF THE PEOPLE, other laws follow.
Shillong, March 29 : U Minister of State and BJP MLA from Pynthorumkhrah, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that he is ready to contest on the BJP ticket in the upcoming MP elections. to come.
The workshop for the MLAs of the State was organized by the MIG in collaboration with the Indian School of Business (ISB), Mohali.
Trying to drink these drinks that you can mix yourself not only helps in reducing thirst but also are potentially medically beneficial.
No rain today, in the state.
That is the song “Kong Deng Kong Nah ha u Prah” or also known as “Ka Jingrwai Prah” which is one of the songs used by the supporters of the Voice of the People Party (VPP).
Greater EM Kharpuri was also elected as the General Secretary and other office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong.
Jowai: The residents of East Jaintia Hills District have implemented Social Distancing in the fight against Coronavirus.
Shillong: The District Child Protection Unit, Lachumier today informed that on the 7th of this month, a girl child was abducted from near the ITI in Rynjah.
Closure of some retail markets.
“How afflicted and grieved the Lord was, not for his sins, but for the iniquities of us men.
The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) on Tuesday announced the launch of the trophy.
Mawphlang SC and Kharang SC won Group-B of the SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 on Friday.
There are those who are afraid of this.
As usual, when any group in power, when it is in the middle of a small paid, the leader resigns and does not allow the majority groups to form a government or EC, but in Regarding the ARPA, Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that it is not the responsibility of the ARPA, but it is the responsibility of the Opposition to do whatever they like. On the other hand, the Chairman of the PDF, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, said that the PDF is not in a hurry to take power and it is the duty of the ARPA to do whatever is necessary when it understands that it has lost the power. trust of many.
He said that the main purpose of holding this tournament is to promote football in the constituency and also to prevent the youth from getting involved in any illegal activities that are not related to the society.
The children are from Bihar, Jharkhand and West Bengal.
He also assured that the Council will stand firm to protect the boundary of the village despite the attempts of Assam to force the village.
Here in our state, there are very few policemen compared to Assam.
He said the state should not rely solely on NEHU.
The protest started by sleeping in the middle of the road or sitting on the streets and witnessed the full support of the people of the area.
For the Financial Year 2022-23, the Central Government should have released the money to the Government of Meghalaya as we have faced many problems due to lack of salary,” said the Seng.
According to tradition, the ancient Lyngngam left Mongolia at the command of God to seek a place that he had prepared for them as he had prepared the land of Canaan for them. son of Israel.
It is an attempt to mislead the people,” he said.
Indian Foreign Minister Dr S Jaishankar, in his speech at the CII meeting, said that India has produced two great peace speakers, the Mahatma. Gandhi and Gautam Buddha.
“The authority to amend such Pre-Constitution laws at any time rests with Parliament,” said KHNAM. However, after the death of this leader, even the KHADC has not taken over this post,” said the statement.
The union also requests that if there are any Transport or Cement manufacturers who charge more than Rs 400 per cement, please inform the union so that the union can take action.
Earlier, the Minister said that the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad Narendra Modi has already met with the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on many issues related to the state. including the Khasi Language to be included in the Sixth Schedule.
So, divide this fish into 7 parts and distribute equally, that's good.
What is needed now is to provide these entrepreneurs with a platform where they can receive training and guidance when they start their businesses.
SHILLONG: The Food Corporation of India (FCI) truck caught fire at Mawlai Mawroh, Shillong on Tuesday morning after a petrol bomb was detonated by unidentified robbers, said the State Police.
Once a person joins a party, he must follow the teachings, guidelines, and principles of that party, regardless of his race or ethnicity.
An attempt was made to talk to one of the senior pastors of the Presbyterian Church, Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit.
There has been a traffic jam since then until now all day in the area; Although the PWD department has come to collect the soil, it is said that the vehicles have not been able to pass because there are heavy stones like a small house, which are stuck in the middle of the road. The vehicle was allowed to travel until 3 pm when a bomb was fired to clear the stones.
The Seng also hopes that the State Government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma will take action to soon implement the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Deepak Chetri (45+1) and Jerry Shylla (57) scored the second goal for Mynthong.
Thus one of the promises that God promised and fulfilled to the Israelites was that “the Lord will rebuild Jerusalem; he gathereth the outcasts of Israel" Psalm 87:2-3, is fulfilled on this subject.
Before God created these things in this world or before God created the world, this world was filled with darkness, shapeless and pure.
The Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Education, Bah DP Wahlang, said that at the meeting, the Ministry has already formulated an action plan for the reopening of schools if the Government of India and The Meghalaya government has lifted the lockdown across India and in the state.
The JHDS distributed these food items on the 13th and 14th of March in Nangbah, Pasyih, Kyndong Tuber, Mihmyntdu, Iongnoh and Mupyut.
Both the teams have 21 points each but Langsning are in second place with the most goals after winning 2-1 in the match on 27th November. .
Also present at the ceremony were Bah M.Marweiñ Sordar of Pyndengrei as the Chief Guest, Bah ED Nongsiang, Founder of the School, Bah D.Nongsiang Headmaster of the school, Bah D.Nongsiang, Headmaster of the school, Bah NPYF President Kynsaibor Kharbani, Mickey M Marwein and others.
After the completion of all the parts, the Chief Guest announced that the 8th South West Khasi Hills District Level Inter-School Athletic Meet 2022 has ended today, 13th June,
The Government of India has released the salary of SSA teachers of T.158 crore, said Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of State for Education.
v) A family has been left in shock and sadness when their child after being sent for test and treatment in Shillong said that he had a cyst in the brain and was advised by the most experienced doctors here to treat him. puid (operation).
The three arrested were identified as Majibur Rahman of Guwahati (Assam), Shekhaful Islam of Silchar (Assam) and Niranjan Das of Silchar (Assam).
So it was with Bhalang.
The first was Sir Akbar Hydari, Governor of Assam who forced the Khasi States to join India on 15th December 1947 at the present Government House or Raj Bhawan.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Riki Diengdoh and speeches were delivered by the Secretary of the Union Bah D Frankie Nongrum and Dip Jyoti. as well as to the participants of the competition held in Goa.
Shillong: The Secretary of the All India Congress Committee, Zenith Sangma today slammed the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong, alleging that the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, has not read properly. The Pandemic Act 1897, which states that according to this Act, the government will not be subject to the courts.
It is rare to find such things, especially in these days.
In Ri Bhoi District, there is one case.
Police have taken the body to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for post mortem to find out the cause of death.
At the meeting, Conrad congratulated the people of Lum Garo for his glorious victory in the last elections. “I will listen to the demands of all the ethnic groups and all the religions and I will work as long as I have the strength to achieve their goals,” said Conrad.
Throughout the day, these leaders and members of FKJGP, have visited almost all the employees in the area, in order to get detailed information from the employees whom the government has appointed. Those in charge of Tourism, Infiltration, Security and other employees.
However, I told him that Christians believe that and he just listened and laughed at me.
Many of the tourist attractions run by groups such as societies, private individuals, have grown from their own initiative without any assistance from the government and unfortunately the tourist attractions run by the government, They have lost their homes and the reason for this, the government knows.
Except for the dew dait or the dew ktieh, or the rocky soil where the soil is not fertile, all kinds of soil are those which are not fertile or which are not fertile, and which have the right fertilizer.
KSA leader Simeon Rongphar also announced a four-hour road blockade in the district in case there is no border talks between Assam and Nagaland.
The JSM was also ready to cooperate to identify the dangerous areas and to volunteer to cooperate with the District Administration for the safety of the residents of Jowai.
They respect you.
He also asked whether he would still participate if the sport would be recognized for the Olympics.
Introducing the budget, the CEM said that the KHADC has agreed to clean up the Umkhrah River by entrusting the villages to clean up the Umkhrah River to restore the Umkhrah River as in the past.
"The Chief Minister also expressed his concern over the situation in the city and requested the Central Government, which has led the Delhi Police, to take responsibility in related to this incident.
He said it is necessary for legislators and stakeholders to work together to fight against crime and violence against children.
The word “Rangbah” comes from the word Rang which means man and Bah means bah to carry, so if these two words are combined, we call it 'Rangbah.
Shillong: The Siatbakon VDP under the leadership of Bah Larmin Thabah as Vice President of the Siatbakon VDP on Tuesday launched a cleanliness drive.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address the election campaign on Saturday at Gohana in Sonepat Lok Sabha constituency, BJP leader and Rajya Sabha member Subhash Barala said. .
However, on 26th November, exactly six months after being detained in Guwahati, they were released on bail and returned home.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that a thorough inquiry will be sent to the team of inquiry into the incident ha Umsyiem regarding the clash between the BSF and the people.
He said he has also requested a report from the Joint Secretary of the Council to find out how many works have been implemented in KHADC out of T.28 crore. to this work.
In the javelin throw, Lamet Phawa & Karlin Phawa won 20,000 tyngka and Sainmiki Suwer and Sajemiki Laloo won 10,000 tyngka.
From time to time, the Khasi Hima had dealings with the Foreign Government through the Vice Roy and through the Governor as Agent.
Recently in 2018, we stopped together at Phlangtyngur, on our way to open a school in Umniuh Tmar.
As the village which cooperates from time to time with the police for the sake of the welfare of the village, it is sad to know that such incidents happen in the village, therefore the village condemns. jur on this incident.
The AJCVA through its president, Paila Kordor Lyngkot, congratulates the MLA of Jowai, Wailadmiki Shylla and the PWD of West Jaintia Hills District for taking action on the demand of the AJCVA. to repair and improve the Thomas Jones College Road in Jowai, even during the lockdown and containment measures that the government has to fight against covid
Police rushed him to the Civil Hospital, Shillong but on arrival the doctor pronounced him dead.
Shillong, July 21 : The Chief Whip of the Opposition and MLA from Umroi Constituency, George B Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) has become stronger and stronger in the party. state from one day to another in preparation for the MLA election
Shillong: The X1 Championship will be held.
The law and regulations must apply to all otherwise there will be terrible chaos in the State,” said a statement from Kong Angea Rangad.
Hep replied, “You know who shot me.
The opposite of this is an unclean lifestyle.
There were 25 participants in pig farming, 30 in beauty therapist, 15 in foot processing and 15 in fast foot. vendor) there are 15 in total.
He said that Barato village falls under the Nartiang Police Station but due to the distance they cannot drive to Nartiang when any crime happens.
The HITO said that it does not oppose the MLMDF's stay, but at the same time, the HITO demands that if the MLMDF is allowed to stay, it should. The HITO, which gathered on the same day, to protest against the killing of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta, on the same day, to allow the MLMDF, to stay in Shella/Sohra or Donbok Dkhar, President and Wanbun N Dkhar, Secretary of the party, said in a statement.
There are 755 recoveries.
There are those who have lost lakhs of rupees just because they don't play this online game.
At present, the need is to fight as much as possible to avoid being infected with this deadly disease.
He said that the reply of the Prime Minister does not impress the party and does not impress the Hon'ble MLA Bah Sungoh or other leaders of the Legislative Assembly.
These are only the visions of the world, but the rest takes time and hard work to explain.
She said about nine prisoners from Ward No. 3 had tried to escape.
Although he doesn't have a good friendship, Shisur only has a good life.
In this survey, it was found that in the smallest village, most of the shopkeepers are foreigners. and other places how many more indigenous peoples are facing.
Narleng, Sanjay Sawkuta (17) and Benedict Jones Makdoh (14) helped Ri-Bhoi to score 100 runs.
D'Souza said that on July 7, he received a phone call from Sol Banyan Grande in North Goa Candolim, telling him that he had to visit a person who urgently needed to be treated. Two taxi drivers, including D'souza and Suchana, arrived at 12.30 pm, including D'souza and Suchana, who boarded the taxi at 1 pm. 'souza, to carry a very heavy bag.
While they were eating, the conversation was going on.
On the sudden departure of the VPP leaders from the meeting, Conrad said it was their decision, but as responsible leaders they should understand how to act.
On the 15th of this month, the HYC Riwar Mihngi Circle under the leadership of President Samla Edmund K Khongngai in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkhap, Bah Tophas Umsong, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkajem, Bah Edward Mawkon, The Rangbah Shnong of Pomlum, Bah Borsha Majaw and the Sordar of Raid Mawkhap, Bah Jerius Majaw, have inspected and found that the ARSS Company, which is constructing the road 2 or Shillong Dawki, falls under the Raid Mawkhap. It was found that this company drops stones and drains soil into the Umsong River, through these riats which are located in the ring where many of the residents of Mawkhap, who have farming as well as farmers. The wells have been destroyed by this landslide.
Police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing.
This has been in force since 2016,” he said.
We pray that the Creator will give strength to you and your family.
Speaking to reporters at the TDP headquarters, Varla said it was unfortunate that by threatening CID chief N Sanjay, the Chief Minister had put Naidu in the He was imprisoned in Rajamahendravaram Central Prison for 25 days.
Jowai, March 21 : The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy of the 1st Division Football Tournament, 2022 was held today at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The defeat of the NPP candidate in the last elections is unprecedented as it has never happened before that a candidate of the ruling party has been defeated in the last elections. the election which has been postponed to the by-election.
If we unite, we can bring about healing, liberation of the world from the addiction to these alcoholic beverages,” said Khandu.
The singer, who recently took part in the Super Bowl Halftime Show, has also appeared for her songs and albums.
The first round of the tournament will be broadcast on cable (TV), while the MSPWDO, which organizes the tournament, has announced that the counting of votes will start after the 2013 FIFA World Cup. The talents of the participants have been broadcast on television.
We have to overcome these tactics otherwise, it is too difficult to fight drugs if we cannot control its source,” he added.
According to the letter received from the Government Letter No.FCS 40/2020/90, dated 4th May, 2020, all the shops selling beverages in Amlarem Sub-Division have been ordered to register their shops with the Government. office Additional Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Amlarem Sub Division.
The victim was seriously injured in the incident and was rushed to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for treatment.
“The delay in completion of projects has resulted in restricted cash flows but also denied residents the economic benefits through these projects," the report said.
In another match, Sacred Heart Sec School East Garo Hills beat Sacred Heart Sec School East Garo Hills 7-0 with the goals scored by Hamebatskhem Lyngdoh (7 min), Kynjohbor Shangrit (11). , 39 Min), Baby Syndar Marngar (26,37 Min), Albert Singh Nongrum (30 Min), Saanbor Dkhar (27 Min).
When asked whether this will affect the relationship between the UDP and the NPP in the government, Prestone said it will not affect anything.
New Delhi, June 02: The protection of women and children who constitute 67.7% of India's population and ensuring their holistic development in a safe environment is which is essential for the sustainable development of the country and also to achieve economic and social transformations.
These programs range from employment, sports development, music and many others.
On the other hand, BAM has urged the residents to start buying meat again so that they too will not lose their livelihood.
We also strongly condemn the Government's reluctance to make public what is contained in the investigation report.
He said that there is a risk that with the amendment of the 6th Schedule, the Rangbah Shnongs and Syiems will no longer have the power.
They have spoken to the leaders of the District Congress Committee (East Khasi Hills) and from the discussion with them they have understood that the ticket from Pynursla constituency is no longer in discussion within the district but with the MPCC. Earlier, there were rumors that the Congress wanted to contest from Pynursla but as it is now, it has been said that it will be Dr. Ryndong. ensure.
The phensedyl was smuggled from Mankachar, Assam and smuggled through Meghalaya to Bangladesh. The seized drugs have been handed over to the police.
Speaking to reporters, Bah VH Pala, said, “My desire to contest this election now is because I see the poverty of the people in this constituency and the jobs. , the jobs have been taken away, whether it is in the coal or in the shun, as well as the farmers, for that reason I think that I will turn to the people, my brothers and sisters if they allow “When I come to power, I will look after and help those poor who really need help,” he said. “We in the Congress have thought about the unemployment of the people, as of now the electricity need in Meghalaya is 650MW, but we have only 350 MW, we still need more. 300MW which we cannot provide, therefore we have set a target to build many dams, we have set a target of up to 500 MW, we will build projects and here thousands of young people will be unemployed, we will Wahrah also factories, not like those factories that pollute, like these coke as we see, if you put coke should have good technology that can clean, which will not affect the health, Employment depends on investment, we will call call centres, we will build small factories like those for the farmers of synsar, farmers of soh, like the District Council, in fact. to employ thousands of people, but because the leaders, the MDCs are not well elected, I should not blame them.” First of all, it is to eliminate corruption, the exploitation of the poor, the exploitation of the coal miners, the exploitation of the miners, the farmers, there is also this High Level, so if we come to The authorities must look at it, because all this is a robbery from the people.
They demanded the border, the ILP, the entry and exit points, the Them Mator in Them Iew Mawlong, the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule, the issue of CAA of the civil society and many other issues. This government has done nothing wrong.
Shillong: The Public Accounts Committee (PAC) today held a special meeting to get information on the working methods of various departments.
A meeting to discuss the preparations for the 2nd Sohra International Half Marathon 2023 was held on Tuesday at the Conference Hall of the SDO (Civil) Sohra Civil Sub-Division.
the whole earth is yours.
If we don't know how to use these blessings of Mei Rammew, how can we have a healthy body? Umkiang has enough wells to supply water to the village.
According to this order, all recruitment activities in the State and the announcements of recruitment results in various positions have been suspended as they are until further notice.
Shillong, June 17: Leaders of the KSU West Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday, alleged that the government has banned the Meghalaya Police from visiting or standing in the areas of Assam in Block I despite the problems. the people gathered in these places where there was no peace.
The Chief Minister said this while replying to a question by the UDP Mawkyrwat Leader, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar.
Sngewhunshisha Nongrum, Class XII student of Sibsingh Memorial Government Higher Secondary School Nongpyndeng, and Naame Bankhraw Lyngkhoi, Class XII student of Anderson Higher Secondary School Nongstoin, said that they have benefited a lot from the training. Dr.Varun where they were encouraged to be brave because they understood how to prepare for these difficult examinations and how to stand up in the face of challenges in the field of education especially as the rural areas. they don't know how to fight and how to stand.
The six shops were seized by Mimidola Rynjah, Baiarlin Shabong, Pynkhrawborlang Shympa, Badahun Pariat, Balerian Aldrin Kharakor and Asiolin Nongkhlaw.
If you are interested in continuing your treatment, please contact the Project Coordinator, Bah Barry L Kharmalki at +91 8732015954 (names will be kept confidential).
He said that if the people see that the leaders have fulfilled their duties properly, it means that they have listened to what the people are complaining about.
He said that the leaders of the union had gone to the Custom authorities regarding the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh and the Customs had asked for the price of the cows. Warlarpih said that there has never been a case where the farmers have bought cows at auction from the Custom.
In a statement, Sainkupar Nongtraw said that the police's claim that the party is in short supply of funds is no longer a surprising allegation but it is what they have always said in the past. It is admitted that there are foreigners and indigenous people including politicians who have contributed to the party.
Three contractors have been awarded the construction of the road.
The children of those Khasi sons, even if they are of the same race, cannot marry the relatives of their father at all, even if they have reached any inheritance, because they have become shi. the family and the family of their Father.
From the MP results at that time, (L) PBM Basaiwmoit received a lot of votes and many of the people supported the pastors to enter the public service.
Although shops in the villages around the city are open, Iewduh and Khyndai Lad have been closed due to the curfew.
The JHADC has appointed Acting Waheh Shnong Bravestar Phawa and after the opposition of the residents, the JHADC has had to cancel the order issued on 1st July 2019 (No.JHADC/POL/33/2007/53).
How else can wild animals and birds enrich us? Even though the time has come late and has reached the end or the end, we all know that these creatures contribute to the environment by planting and spreading many kinds of seeds of all plants. graves that produce flowers and seeds because they eat these seeds along with the seeds (like the skei that eats and spreads the sohmylleng).
Do the drivers of bapli vehicles have been harassed in their daily livelihood, do you understand that? Market vendors, jhur vendors, vendors of forty kinds of goods are decreasing their sales every day, do you understand that? Literacy is declining slowly and moving backwards instead of moving forward .
The Special Judge (POCSO), Shillong on 11th November, 2022, has sentenced him to life imprisonment for 18 years and a fine of T.20,000,0 to pay the fine he shall be imprisoned for three months.
Arunachal Pradesh beat Meghalaya by 90 runs in the first match of the U-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy at Mangaldai, Assam today.
A similar program was held at Marian Hill Secondary School, Jowai and Nongtalang College, Amlarem Sub-Division.
This road is the road leading to Shnongpdeng village, Amlarem Sub Division, West Jaintia Hills village which has survived from the tourism industry. Beyond this village and even the road which has been allocated for construction has been stopped.
In his speech, he also highlighted some of the development works done by (L) Rowell Lyngdoh, former Symbud Myntri of Meghalaya. Mawkyrwat Constituency and the entire South West Khasi Hills District.
Here we see that there is a law that God has given to man to use to rule over others.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong beat Minerva Punjab 1-0 in the 86th minute at the Tau Devi Lal Stadium in Chandigarh.
The JAC marched in the village with slogans demanding a fair trial for a woman who was abused by her father until she gave birth to two children.
In the chase, WJH didn't get a chance to score well when they were limited to 78 runs in 23.3 overs.
However, the elderly, the pregnant women should be self-conscious when going out.
Shillong: U Elbarwell Nongkhlaw, in an interview with the Editor of Rupang, said that he does not write down the songs, which he sings on cassettes or YouTube channels as well.
Earlier, it had exceeded the limit in 2006 and 2011 but has withdrawn after the Council approved it.
“We request the public that if anyone has any information about those involved in the incident, please inform the police or the union immediately so that the suspects can be arrested.
These are the political games of the lyndans who put the people in a state of shock.
Residents can upload photos and videos related to such violations through the cVIGIL app which can be downloaded from the Play Store on their mobile phones.
The robber also took Tongsoh to the second Nongstoiñ market below Wahriat called “Ïewdymmev” to show off his goodness.
The Assam Government has illegally constructed the road in Bakhlapara village despite the strong opposition from the Hima rulers and the residents without listening to the opinions of the Nongspung Hima rulers.
Shillong, Lber 07: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday expressed his satisfaction that the swearing-in ceremony of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya along with the Government Ministers was attended by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Defense Minister Amit Shah said that this is a pride for the state which will remain in history from generation to generation.
Therefore, the celebration of the World Water Day needs to immediately spread the message to start awakening the people that the time has come to start cleaning up the water supply. The water wells in the state, where every village, township, communities are urged to take action for the improvement of the water wells that flow from them.
Shillong, Nailar 24: Clashes between the Pnars and Karbis have almost turned into war between the two ethnic groups at Lapangngap village, West Jaintia Hills District on Friday.
“At this time, we give our full support to the Meitei in Manipur who have become the leaders of the Kuki-Zo Tribe and we also give our support to the Meitei bloodline in the state. Manipur” said the news.
When you get a car you will be happier and I will be happier if I send something,” said the owner. “Thank you very much for your words and I will leave late.
According to the reply from the Registrar (Incharge), there are 67 vacancies in the post of Professor, 79 Associate Professors and 52 Assistant Professors.
In this moment I will translate from the article "Up the Burrumpooter: the opening of the Upper Assam Valley" written by Charles Allen on the morning of 4th April They were surprised to find that they were surrounded by more than 500 Khasi soldiers.
In the meeting of the SDDF with the Prime Minister recently, the members had the opportunity to clarify that Pynursla does not want to join Sohra and that in 2017 it has received its own Sub Division.
It is also called iodine deficiency because iodine deficiency in the body is the most common cause of goitre.
The Congress people will say many things, but I am ready... The Babri Masjid and the Muslim shrine at the Secretariat were destroyed during the Congress rule. he said, the source said.
Perhaps it is time for the Government of India to review the NDPS Act and strengthen the rules or introduce new ones.
We see, therefore, that the previous dorbar is very different from the present dorbar.
“We will discuss the issue of cutting and opening beef shops until we feel the market,” said Generous.
According to him, even in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic, the government has continued to take action and continue to send tests until now.
He urged all the States/UTs to register their farms with the WDRA and explained about the benefits of the eNWR. and this will protect them from hasty sale of produce at low prices.
Taking note of this, the State Government has directed the District Collector of East Khasi Hills to conduct explanatory talks with the landowners before the end of November.
Speaking at a meeting of unit leaders held at Mawmaram today, Bah Osborne said that he entered politics because other ethnic groups have been ridiculed by other ethnic groups in India. Every three years they say that the Khasi are like tham because they are fighting among themselves.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Nartiang Area Unit on Tuesday concluded the 2nd Mar Phalangki Knockout Football Tournament July in Nartiang.
Akash Kumar Choudhary finished the innings with 2/47 off 10 overs, while Raj (1/21 off 4), Anish Charak (1/43 off 9) and Swarajet (1/48 off) 7) They have received one gift.
Shillong: The Pynursla Block Congress Committee (PBCC) has announced the name of Nehru Suting as the candidate for the 2023 election from Pynursla. Constituency.
NASA is concerned that an asteroid, which is twice the size of the Great Pyramid of Giza, will hit Earth in speed 31,400 miles per hour.
Chelsea's second goal came in the 96th minute when Ross Barkley scored the second goal for Chelsea. at Chelsea Stamford Bridge.
The MSHBEU employees said that they have not yet heard why the Prime Minister has not invited them although they have asked for a day to meet him.
If this happens, the MDCs in Shillong like Jaiaw, Mawkhar, Laban, Mawprem, Malki, Laitumkhrah and Jowai North and Jowai South may lose their MDC seats.
That news really haunted Peter and it was really like he had imagined it all along.
The French invasion scheme worked so hard that there was no hope for the traditional religion to survive, because there was no overseer and no judge.
Those who violate will be punished according to the law.
Big Boss 13 has tried to attract Jay Bhanushali, Navjyot Gurudatta and there is also talk that Karan Patel, Zareen Khan and Rajpal Yadav will take part in the contest this year.
The tournament was enriched by traditional dances in the presence of Bah Sebastian Pakyntieñ, Chairman of the Khasi Jaintia Village Development Council, Bah Charles Rymbai, President of the Barak Valley Khasi Welfare Organization; Ma Wanbor Pdang, General Secretary, Barak Valley, and others.
He said that in order to find ways to eliminate the kilo, the party will hold a meeting on the 5th of this month at 11 am at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall Mawkhar.
How sad it is to think of those who have fallen into the trap of drug addiction, not only affecting them personally but the whole family is in a dark life.
It is on this same basis that God now looks and judges the world.
“From a personal point of view, I don’t consider him disabled, but he’s just like any other kid," he said.
The number of cases in India has risen to 85,940 and the death toll to 2,7
The BJP, when it offers any scheme like Zero Balance Account, does not write that those who are eligible will receive it.
He said the reason why they voted for the BJP and not the TMC is because the TMC in their constituency has not yet been able to suhthied, but the work of Narendra Modi has been done by the people. “People haven't seen the TMC yet, that's why they have chosen to join the BJP,” he said.
BROCCOLI:— Broccoli, Brussels sprouts and cauliflower are cruciferous vegetables that help to improve the functioning of the thyroid which you should include in your diet.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to strongly oppose the registration of doubtful voters in the state.
You should and should fully support this claim.
“These mosquitoes have been treated with Long Lasting Insecticidal Nets (LLIN) and the mosquitoes treated with these drugs, the pyrjong species does not want to stand near these mosquitoes and they will stay. “It's been about 5 years,” said Bah L.Mawlong.
Rong Khaw is part of the 'No One Shall Be Left Bhind' project funded by the NEC in collaboration with NESFAS, SURE, Social Service Center (SSC) and North East Network (NEN), Nagaland. they work together.
He said that they can also pretend that they have good goods and the price is lower than those who buy from the market, but when they buy the goods they are bad.
“The increasing number of young people looking for jobs in the government department has led many to think that the existence of this job allocation policy is preventing them from getting jobs,” he added.
He also explained some of the places where children are prohibited from working, namely in quarries, coal mines, driving, restaurants, house building, car manufacturing, steel and timber factories.
Dr. Rimiki Suchiang, one of the Scientists of KVK Jaintia Hills who trained and led these youths and women in his speech, said that these youths and women should take care and take good care of themselves according to the The KVK will continue to monitor this work and will continue to participate with these 10 training centers. I'm going to play chess with these kinds of teachers.
The Working President of CORP, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, said that after receiving information about the smuggling of shyiap to Assam from the Umtrew River, the CORP cannot listen to this without finding out the truth.
It is to be recalled that the HNCTLO&PA is one of those who fought and won the case with the support of the state government to get the coal mining back and the victory to get the land rights of the Khasi people.
The union fully supports the teachers and sends its best wishes to their families,” said Senior Vice President of the union Bah Elton Cliff Warjri.
Speaking about the struggle for the reuse of fertilizers in the State, he said that it was Bah Banteidor who took the initiative while others did not do the work he did.
At the same time, he strongly condemned those involved in this crime against women and demanded that strict action should be taken against them.
The incident took place in a forest in the Krishnai Forest Range Office, Goalpara district.
Today, a fan of Sushant Singh Rajput, who wrote Justice for Sushant Singh Rajput, wrote, “Dear members, Totally boycott The Kapil Sharma Show.
Furthermore, the water from these Sub-Zonal Reservoirs will be supplied to the households of these villages and to the water supply platforms of the villages through water pipes.
In the evening, the CID took CM Jha to the Civil Hospital Shillong for medical examination.
“The emergency and ambulance service has a duty to protect the lives of people and we do not agree that it is the duty of the life saving agency to award contracts to businessmen who think only of you're a good person.
“We are looking for candidates who have a future for the state and the country,” he said.
Therefore, the Seng strongly opposes how the company has been able to collect revenue, but while the road has not been able to repair on these grounds, the Seng has decided to close down the road. The toll plaza in Lumshnong, West Jaintia Hills, owned by the same company and the same builder, will also be closed down. the same tenant.
We feel that the decision to support Pastor Basaiawmoit will not have any impact on the KHADC,” said Bah Mawsor.
During the meeting, it was said that the Prime Minister, has confirmed that he will not forgive anyone for the shooting of these two women, on 8th November
Welcoming the hundreds of people who joined the UDP Mawthadraishan Circle, the Minister of Home Affairs said that hundreds of people from other parties have joined the UDP Mawthadraishan Circle. UDP Mawthadraishan, thanks to the good performance of the MLA, Bah HB Nongsiej.
Nongpoh: Responding to the allegation by Bah Sunlight Shadap, who alleged that the former office bearers of the UDP Umroi Circle led by Bah Mangkara Pathaw, Former UDP Umroi Circle office bearers and those who have joined the PDF, have slammed the UDP Umroi Circle by saying that he is a stupid person and that he has no knowledge of the UPD party in Umroi. .
Speaking to reporters, the EM of the Elaka, Bah KP Pangniang, said that the KHADC will respond in a letter to the District Council Affairs Department. The Council will provide clarification on some of the issues raised by the Government.
It has 26 agricultural land and 10 non-agricultural land with a wealth of T.8,11,00,000 crore.
So if that is the case, I don't know why we Meghalayans should lose our development.
For example, Maweit village in West Khasi Hills is only 35 km from Nongstoin which is the district headquarters (HQ) but takes up to 3 hours to reach.
Another reason he mentioned is the misunderstanding between the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo people.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has said that the government wants to introduce a policy on how to market sohphan, as at present there is no market for sohphan. manla is the longing in the villages.
He said that although the central government has released funds to the state governments, it takes seven months to reach the councils and this delays the implementation of development works.
Daplang took the camera.
The BJP President said the BJP still stands firmly on the same ground against corruption despite its cooperation with other parties in the MDA 2.0 government.
In the past years, the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has been talking to the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) from time to time to build the bridge. The Nongpoh Town Committee, the MLA of Nongpoh and the District Administration, but as of now, there is no sign that the NHAI will start building the bridge without talking to others. There are still many problems with the construction of this 4-lane road in Ri Bhoi.
Shillong: The KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit on Tuesday 10th July 2022 has sent its condolences to a family in Jalyiah village, who are in poverty. Then the mother went and looked at them again.
Explaining in the House, Thombor Shiwat said the State Government has sought the views of the JHADC on the border areas with Assam.
Exodus 32:11-14.
“There are parts of the road which are narrow, there are parts which are wide, there is no order in the road,” said the President of GSU. The company has installed screens along the road and wells, adding that in Damdiloka village, the old well has collapsed but the company has not repaired it.
There is a need to educate the people on this issue as Garo Hills has almost been overwhelmed by illegal immigrants who have been able to decide the victory or defeat of anyone in the elections. of many constituencies in the area.
Furthermore, they intend to hold a massive protest by displaying banners demanding government colleges as mandated by the Constitution of India.
The Khasi Students Union-Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU-JHDU) would like to take this opportunity to wish you all a Happy New Year. in the Sea of ​​Jowai.
It is worth mentioning that in Nonglang, the Nonglang Water Supply Scheme under the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) at a cost of Rs 8 crore has already been implemented. The two phases of the Rangmaw Water Supply Schemes, one from the RIDF scheme at a cost of Rs 5 crore which has already been implemented and distributed in many areas and from the JJM at a cost of crore for the Mawsaw Water Supply Scheme for 14 villages at a cost of Rs 18 crore which will be implemented soon.
“To prevent them from causing trouble or disturbing the voters, we will be vigilant and if they violate the law, we will be prosecuted under strict rules,” he said.
“Let's meet on Sunday if we find him there at the football ground,” said Synshar and left. When his mother came from the field and after eating, Deng told his mother about Synshar's invitation. “Where did you meet him?” “While I was walking along the road, I saw him carrying bottles of kyiad, plastic water and other things.
Rakkam acknowledged that the biggest problem in setting up these Residential Schools of the Central Government is that the State Government will have to provide up to 100 acres of land free of charge.
The government has developed a mobile app, but the problem is the lack of trust in the drivers and assistants on the buses and how the students can be protected from these people.
Dr Mukul said that if Meghalaya cooperates with Assam, the waste from Shillong and Guwahati can be converted into electricity generation. without using drugs.
After completing all the requirements under the NDPS Act and in the presence of witnesses, the powder was examined and found to be Heroin weighing 125.19 grams.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hamletson said that this will be the happiest day for the residents of this village who have been waiting for a long time to see the opening of this water tank.
Jowai, Naitung 10: The Legislative Assembly of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) today decided to oppose the proposal to implement the Uniform Civil Court (UCC) in the JHADC by the CM. The 22nd Law Commission of India dated 14th June 2023 has given 30 days to submit information to the Law Commission of India.
“Hugo wants to do what these two dogs do, but he is shorter and he doesn't have the opportunity to steal, ryngkoh or steal food, like these two dogs.
“There are also rumors that one of the candidates who applied for ticket from Tura has criminal cases, he tried to influence by resigning among the party workers, but we I would like to ensure that through the support of the state president, staff and leaders, the leaders are working hard to ensure that everyone continues to gain trust.
Stating that the same children will be involved in 40 types of crimes, Sangma mentioned the major programs of the government while ignoring the main areas.
He congratulated and wished the office bearers of Lummawthar Village to work hard for the development of the village.
The two leaders from Ri Bhoi, promised to the ASHA workers, that from now on they will look for ways and means to ensure the rights of the ASHA workers, who are also other people who They have worked hard to bring about health not only in the villages, but in the region and the state as a whole.
cases in West Khasi Hills District.
She advised them to make good use of the knowledge they have acquired by encouraging them to work hard to develop in all aspects and to participate in political affairs and to become the bright future of the country and you nation.
“If you see a driver who is driving under the influence of alcohol, you should talk to him, don't let him drive the car and if he tries to drive the car, you should hold the key and “I will inform the police to take the necessary action,” said Bah HDR.
According to a study in Clinical Gastroenterology and Hepatology, eating fish can reduce the risk of colon cancer.
It is on this basis that the people are surprised because it is not known on what basis the Bangladeshis have been allowed to smuggle into the area.
Sarkhar Riangtem, one of the elders of Joypur village in the Malangkona area, said that a few days after the death of the two Chief Ministers, Conrad Kongal Sangma and Himanta Biswa Sarma, Assam police and forest officials have not allowed the residents of Malangkona area to cut shyiap from one of the fields. the river in the middle of the village.
The statement said that the union has sent an announcement at a meeting at Madan Student that they will not leave jail until they receive the ILP. All the markets in Jaintia Hills will be open on 23rd November 2013, said the President of the Seng.
The project has been allocated about T.127.7 crore, with the funds jointly provided by the State Government and the Central Government through the Minority Affairs Department.
Since the inception of this scheme, the Government has released the following funds: 25,3691,500 tyngka, 2020-21- 2,50,00,000 tyngka, 2021-2 ,00,00,000 rupees.
“When asked whether the revision of the Reservation Policy will end the unemployment problem in the State, Bah Paul said, 'Not at all.
Ardent in his speech said that this turnaround has led him to decide to work hard to get independence in
At the same time, he said the government has no plan to extinguish the fire yet as the electricity supply is still sufficient.
As soon as the work starts, I will know clearly about the report that I will receive, which as I said this is directly related to NHAI because this is a National Highway and does not fall under the jurisdiction of the state government.
Poland said that a policeman from the Sohphoh clan has worked hard to meet the police at the police stations in Assam, but no information has been received yet.
The date will be announced later.
The Assam Government has said that the state is facing the threat of climate change, with rainfall expected to rise between 5 and 35 per cent and floods could rise to to 20 per cent.
What we need is that even if we don't believe in that disease, we have to accept that there is a very different disease that has taken many lives around the world and also in this country. our.
Tomorrow, Phramer will play against Iawmulong Nartiang and Panaliar will play against West Madan Mustem.
It is sad and sad to say that as it appears now, the Khasi culture has declined a lot from what it used to be.
Cyclone Michaung has devastated the city of Chennai due to heavy rains in the past few days.
The Khasi man is only the guardian of the clan, although he has the title of Rangbah or KHAD AR BOR, but once the woman has made a mistake in choosing her husband. ), you ing you sem you jot you pra.
The arrested suspect was identified as Leadership Synnah from Nongkynrih.
“Therefore, as leaders, we should not be angry but should be calm to bring peace and order in the state,” he said.
All these things just waste precious time.
The law enforcement authorities have not yet taken this decision as the matter is still under litigation regarding the inability of the young mother to take care of her children.
Members include SD Khongwir, Chairman of Mawlai Town Dorbar, Bah Robert Dkhar, Rangbah Shnong of Lumdiengjri, Bah Emlang Lytan, Secretary of Nongthymmai Town Dorbar, Bah Ban Pyngrope, Rangbah Shnong of Nongrah and Bah Baston S Lyngdoh. the Head of the Village of Riatsamthiah.
“The police departments need to use their power in a manner that does not cause trouble to anyone, so the police department will look into this,” he said.
“When questioned and questioned before these officers sent by the district authorities who appeared on behalf of the magistrates, the drivers of these 16 trucks said that they had already paid up to Rs. .500/- to Rs.2000/- for crossing the border.
It will deceive you and destroy your wealth.
Of course I am not a successful person compared to other people but when I think about the times I was in the past and now it is completely different and it has made me I will write this short story. I have almost finished writing a book called “Ko Khun Samla Ka Ri Khasi Jaintia” and I will publish this book in August.
WL Nongtnger Marweiñ, Psychiatric Social Worker, explained about the misunderstandings and facts regarding suicide. to him.
The implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission is only 36-40 percent and the remainder is not known where it will reach and how it will be. The Electricity Department is also in trouble.
The KSU Mawlai Mawïongrim Unit today expelled foreigners who came to work at Silicom, Rymbai Filling Station and MLP, for failing to provide or obtain Work Permit from the Labor Department.
“You say, father, Bhalang has already got a job without thinking.
For example, when mentioning the languages ​​that belong to the people of the world, we can mention: Ethnic, Community, Race, Human kind, Therefore, other languages They can also be divided and subdivided according to their meaning in English, because only English can be provided for public understanding and mutual understanding among other nations.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills will be the chief guest to open the festival and local MLA and Minister of Revenue Kyrmen Shylla will be the chief guest at the closing ceremony.
Bah Risingbor's musical instruments are made by his own hands and through his understanding of quality and design.
After Dr. Mukul's request to the MLAs who intend to leave the party that if they wish, they should resign from the post of MLA, Prestone said that Dr. Mukul Sangma is no longer their leader and he does not need to explain. what they should do.
Therefore, the purpose of the Green Field Airport is to help improve the quality of any airport that does not already exist in the cities.
The ritual of Pyneh Rngiew Kiew Lum Sohpet Bneng includes the thanksgiving to the Creator who has raised and cared for the Hynniew Trep Hynniew Skum people, who has blessed this people and the prayer to the Lord. May the Creator bless this nation with strength and prosperity.
He contested the election after the death of his father, Bah SK Sun, so Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh came forward to contest the mid-term election, which he also won. He defeated the opposition candidate Kennedy Cornelius Khyriem from the Congress party by more than 4,000 votes in the last election.
If the domestic problems can be alleviated, hopefully the external problems will be overcome.
The Association has also demanded the appointment of teachers for Hindi subject from class six to ten and the salary should be the same as other teachers who take other subjects.
JAC leaders including Bin Raliang Chairman JAC and President FKJGP Nartiang Area Unit, Chalbestar Myria Secretary JAC, Education Secretary MPUF Central Body, Andy Sumer General Secretary JSU Nartiang Circle, Rimioo Nongtdu President JPWO West Jaintia said that the Tourism Department of the State Government on 19th March, 2020 has called a tender for various works at a cost of Rs 4 crore and has been scheduled to be completed within 18 months. .
Wailadmiki Shylla made this promise at the closing ceremony of the Super Division Football Tournament 2023 on Saturday.
JOWAI: The Jowai Students' Movement (JSM) Central Body has demanded that the Jowai Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) should split the Jowai District Council and cancel the trading licenses of foreigners.
Also present on the occasion was Bah KP Pangñiang who has been the manager of Raidmynsaw for many years.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, today said that the government has created 2.3 lakh jobs in the past three years alone and intends to create more jobs. lakh in the next six years.
Shillong, March 20: Thousands of people have joined the VPP in Pynursla Constituency on the 18th of this month. This was announced at a meeting held by the VPP at Urksew, which in the MLA election falls under Pynursla Constituency and in the MDC election it falls under Nongshken Constituency.
On the 17th, after the office curfew in the morning, there will be a night curfew from 7 pm to 5 pm and from 9 pm to 5 pm on the 19th.
The new office bearers of the Rotary Club Jowai 2023-24 are Rtn.
Bah Kyrmen said the Government has taken measures through the district authorities across the State to deliver relief goods to the affected people.
He said that since 2018, he has informed the election authorities about the existence of the case through an affidavit. “It's not like I'm going to be able to do that,” said Bah Pathaw.
Some Rangbah Shnongs, who said that they have guarded the area, as it is close to Assam, because if not guarded or guarded, people from Assam can enter. and they came to their cities.
Such a form of basketball will be introduced as one of the Olympic sports to be held in Tokyo this year.
The Vice President of FKJGP-War Jaintia Circle, Bah Shlur Mukhim, said that the people of War Jaintia speak War language whether at home or on the street. They understand the Khasi language better than the Pnar language, whether in writing, in schools or in churches.
Warner, who joined the team during the 2022 season, has been appointed as the team's captain for the tournament. Rishabh Pant has been forced to withdraw from the team due to a serious injury sustained in a car accident in November last year.
Lamprahng said the Executive Committee led by the UDA has been in short supply after six MDCs withdrew their support.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma said: “It is at a time based on nature, when it is important for governments and regions like Meghalaya to work together, to achieve education and cooperation with other regions dependent on nature for their economy.
New Delhi: India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi today announced that the distribution of foodgrains to 80 crore ration recipients will continue for another five years.
She said that many of the conflicts in parts of the North East, especially the recent one in Manipur, have already been planned.
Christina Kharbuli, Special Educator of CWSN, Melinda Khriam and Kerlinda Kharumnuid, Inclusive Education (IE) of CWSN came to give training on and this special day to the children of the school.
Shillong: Mizoram and Punjab will face each other for the fourth time in the BC Roy Trophy tomorrow at 1:00 pm at the JN Stadium, Shillong.
They should also be prohibited from doing anything that disrupts the peace and order and disgraces the village where they live and the Hynniew Trep people as a whole.
Khliehriat, November 20: The Prime Minister's TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyan (PMTBMBA) was launched on November 20, 2013 with the aim of helping those suffering from tuberculosis. ), the office of the District Tuberculosis Officer, Jaintia Hills in collaboration with the CSR Department of Star Cement Limited, Lumshnong has distributed food items to those people suffering from tuberculosis. The program was held at Sutnga CHC. In the presence of Dr. IBV Laloo, Medical Officer in-charge Sutnga CHC, Dr. R Toi, Manager-CSR, Star Cement Limited, Lumshnong, Kingshok K. Borah and others.
He said that the districts under the service of these 91 FM transmitters are aspirational districts and blocks, and he congratulated All India Radio for this special achievement.
Have we been able to celebrate the synrai festival, the tlang festival while our plate of food has not been brought by a foreigner? And it doesn't end there, when they come here, their family members will also come and they will be able to vote like us. foreigners choose,” said an elderly man who did not want to be named.
Besides Bah Adelbert, the VPP has also strongly opposed the decision taken by the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government to allocate 1.4 acres of land in the middle of Shillong and 2.14 acres. There is no accommodation for the people of Them Ïew Mawlong, many of whom are illegal residents of government land.
Shillong: The Dorbar Syiem of Nobosohphoh Syiemship, which held its Dorbar on 9th November 2019, has been pleased to see the order of the Supreme Court of India to lift the ban on coal mining. NGT has recognized our land tenure system in Khasi Jaintia which was published in the newspapers on 04th November
Therefore, we should have only one law in the country if they can enact this UCC from marriage, divorce, adoption, race to u. father, the inheritance of wealth (Succession) and so on.
“I am not even an MDC in KHADC, how can the UDP accuse me of being one to dissolve the EC? Please ask them, how can Prestone dissolve the EC? “I am not even an MDC,” he said.
Through the support of the SBI Foundation since 2020, this initiative has benefited 90,000 children in 3,000 Anganwadi Centers by training Anganwadi workers to provide quality education. eye to children, game-based lessons, reading lessons, and other educational opportunities that will help build the holistic development of children in all areas from early childhood throughout the state".
Speaking after the launch of the home & away jersey at Madan Malki, Shillong, the Sports Secretary urged the athletes to work hard before they leave. take part in this tournament, so that they can reach the top of the list.
"The Technical Manager of NHAI Biswa Jyoti Lahkar has promised to complete the maintenance of the road within 6 months which means it will start from 09/08/2023, but that 6 months is almost over, but not don't sign anything.
“We also urged them to be vigilant and investigate thoroughly the people who come from abroad not only those who come from Manipur but also those who come from outside the state who come to live, work and trade in Manipur. this city.
It is He who gives us strength, provision and blessing in our daily lives in this world.
The meeting also witnessed the swearing-in ceremony followed by a march past by the participating teams, BSF troops, members of the BSF and BSF students. culturally relevant programs.
The Australian squad for the WTC Final includes: Pat Cummins (c), Scott Boland, Alex Carey, Cameron Green, Marcus Harris, Josh Hazlewood, Travis Head, Josh Inglis, Usman Khawaja, Marnus Labuschagne, Nathan Lyon, Todd Murphy, Steve Smith, Mitchell Starc, David Warner.
The teachers demanded that the government should take over the jobs of the teachers and if the government delays in implementing this as demanded by JACATAM, the teachers are ready to strike at any time. for.
He said that the MJA girls team has brought glory to the state in 2007 by qualifying for the 33rd National Games 2007 which was held in Guwahati. .
The Nongkrem MLA announced this in front of thousands of people who came to support the VPP in its demand to amend and improve the Reservation Policy.
In West Garo Hills, there are 13 cases including 1 health worker, 9 high risk cases, 2 outsiders and 1 case from Tikrikilla cluster.
Police have urged the youth not to be involved in such companies.
He personally visited the Dagal Gopre Jangdam Bridge which was washed away by the floods of the Kakija River in Chokpot, South Garo Hills.
He said that more than 1500 villages in Meghalaya do not have ICDS Centers as the aim of ICDS is to help and support children under 6 years of age with nutritious food items.
In the second leg, Kamjuhhi Ksoo scored the first goal for Khonsaro in the 21st minute while Umplu Umshangiar scored the first goal for Khonsaro in the 21st minute. u Eladmi Sungoh 44 .
“During the visit of the Prime Minister to Mawkyrwat, I had the opportunity to talk to him about the need to improve the Mawphlang-Ranikor road which has been removed from the National Highway List by the government. “The Prime Minister has promised that in the next few months, funds will be allocated for the construction of this 50 meter road,” he said.
This news may be related to the Smart City project.
Their introduction of gambling activities in this country has shown what this Government intends for our state.
Shillong: Laitumkhrah village in the center of Shillong is one of the villages in need of water these days, besides the lack of garbage transportation and the spread of drugs.
Concluding his speech, he said that the decision belongs to the people and perhaps his defeat is also because the people do not want to give him two jobs.
He said that the DC has been working and talking nonsense without knowing the truth.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 659 people are still suffering from the disease.
The AIM also has to ask whether the Government authorities have been able to take action after the infection of these animals during this Covidne pandemic if the Government has taken action first. people.
Shillong, Lber 19 : The MDA-2 government has set a target to complete the new Assembly in Mawdiangdiang by
