On the other hand, the MDC of Mawkynrew, while taking part, said that there has been no discrimination in the distribution of schemes in the past but he has urged the EC to continue to distribute the assistance. both schools.
Choudhury expressed deep concern over the number of health workers who have become ill, as the spread of the disease to the public could increase if doctors are unable to provide treatment. right to the people.
According to Bah Lyngdoh, the government should fight against the decision of the High Court on the basis of the Indian Citizenship Act, 1955 and the Foreigner's Act, The year was named in the state of Assam.
Shillong: Shiven Arts Production on 15th November will release the film Iewduh at two cinema halls in Shillong, Biju Cinema Hall and Galleria Cinema Hall.
In the rookie category, Elhannan Jason Syiem came first with a time of 1.09.47, followed by Isynei Hinge and Alex Suoho in second and third place respectively.
He was then fined Rs 20,000 for overloading the vehicle, then Rs 36,000 for overloading 18 tonnes.
There is also the Thwei Khlongblei in the Riangken River which is famous in this area.
On this occasion, a short story and song about Bah Africa Suting was told by his son.
Jowai, Nailur 29: The residents of Ummulong, today marched to protest against the work of the Rangbah Shnong of Ummulong and others in the group. .
A 17-year-old student committed suicide after failing in the Class 12 examination, but when her marks were checked, she passed with 48 percent marks. year.
However, on the allegation that some have smuggled into India, he said, “It is just a lie”.
He also confirmed that the roads to the Assembly Hall and all the roads from the right, left and middle of the building were not affected by the incident.
Shillong, November 1: The Directorate of AH Veterinary has demolished a temple within the boundary of the department at Veterinary IDP 6 mer Upper Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawshynrut Circle through its General Secretary Samla AL Nonglait said that the KSU Mawshynrut Circle strongly condemns the incident. The incident happened from the kapor to the kapor.
He also expressed his personal feeling that he wants this to benefit all the residents of the state whether they are Khasi or Garo and this is not new but has been in existence since
Rupang asked Bahduh what is his relationship with Bah Hoping which made him love him so much. “In fact, I am not even a relative but I am just a friend. , we have been close friends since 2007,” he said.
He said that T.247 crore has been allocated through the Ministry of Minority Affairs for the construction of stadiums, health centres, women hostels, sports complexes, shopping complexes and the work is ongoing.
There was also a complaint that the Director did not sign the NOC until he received the order or statement from his superiors.
He passed away on the 18th of this month.
Mother Nature is like a mother and we human beings are like children who live and remain in the arms of Mother Nature.
He said that while the two states continue to pursue the resolution of the border in a peaceful and acceptable manner, the action of Assam is like a threat.
The Congress also recalled the statement by Nityanand Rai, who is also a minister in the BJP government, that about 28 foreigners have died in prisons in Assam alone.
It is a shame for the Government to announce festivals and programmes.
We are utterly destroyed, says the people of Israel, Micah 2:1-4
With 94 runs from the previous day, Raj scored a century after Meghalaya continued to score 220/5 yesterday.
New Delhi, July 07: The Cabinet of Ministers of the Union Government on Friday approved the resumption of the schemes of the Ministry of Development of the North Eastern Region with an allocation of T.12882.2 crore from the 15th. Finance Commission for the period 2022-23 to 2025-2
Shillong, Nailar 14 : Out of the 54 Khasi Himas under the jurisdiction of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, only 11 Himas have come to take part in the traditional festival. Monolith Festival 2016 in Mawphlang.
Shillong, June 19 : U Bah Ardent Miller Basawiamoit, former MLA of Nongkrem Constituency, on Tuesday asked the MDA government why it should not take a decision on the border issue. will the division between Assam and Meghalaya be for the benefit of the state or for the benefit of no.
Conrad said that Mamata Banerjee in one of her speeches in West Bengal had said that in West Bengal there is no place for other national parties because there is the TMC and now in Meghalaya that is the same. Mamata Banerjee has worked because she has the NPP in Meghalaya and she has no place for other national parties.
While drinking, Bahnah recalled about the shopping trip. “When shall we go shopping?
The hospital had emptied all its oxygen tanks on Sunday night and on the morning of Monday, only two oxygen tanks were supplied. Five people died, according to the report.
Therefore, the water distributed by the PHE department is clean and safe for drinking.
It is sad and painful that the MLA/MDC candidates have invested a lot of money in the elections.
Shillong: The employees of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) on Friday staged an indefinite strike to demand the payment of their salaries which have been pending for more than 30 months. Secretary and Executive of Rise R Marak has been appointed.
The robbers also broke into the office and stole all the belongings including the necessary documents of the Seng and spread them on the ground. The robbers also stole more than T.10,000 which the members of the Seng used to collect from each other to pay for the rent of the office.
“There’s no private seating here.
“They are only involved in charitable activities which has caused a lot of trouble to the people of the state,” said Bah Kurkalang.
The shad was organized by the Dorbar Shnong Mawkliaw as a sign of the preservation of the customs and traditions which have been going on since ancient times.
The meeting concluded with the words of encouragement and prayers by Lancaster Marbaniang (Junior Engineer), Secretary of CMCL Christian Staff, who reminded the children in this orphanage of the proverb that fear to God is the beginning of wisdom and let this proverb live in them.
In the final, no goals were scored in the first half and Rapborlang scored the first goal for the team in the 51st minute. to win the trophy today.
Prizes were also awarded on the occasion where Blue House won the first prize, Red House won the second prize and Yellow House won the third prize.
He said that as of now, the road to the villages of Mawhati area, has become a matter of discussion during the elections, where all the candidates who intend to contest. They have taken the opportunity to campaign for the election from this constituency, by promising that they will provide a good road, after they have won the election, but when they have won the election, the The road has been blocked and the problem has been faced by the residents and users of the road.
Following the spread of news on the threat to the meat consumers of Meghalaya, on the outbreak of various diseases which have affected animals such as cows, pigs and others, today The Veterinary Department of the State has taken the initiative to explain to the people who earn their living by raising animals such as cows and pigs on the prevention measures against the spread of diseases in these animals. .
Khrawbuit RyntathiangWhen I write this, it rings my thoughts to the past.
Shillong, Jymmang 2 : The Minister in charge of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday urged the youth in the state not to join the police force just because they need to. but they must join or enter in order to provide services to the state.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The appearance of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly from Goa, to become the Kong San, on the closing day of the Behdein Khlam festival, on Saturday, has surprised many thinkers and even to the political pundits as well.
This finding is likely to open new perspectives on the adoption of treatments for migraine, sleep disturbances and internal dysfunction—which appear to be linked to neurological dysfunction. , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, increased fatigue, insulin resistance, immunity and others.
However, due to the deterioration of this road, people have been forced to travel to Assam from NH 52 which is far away and needs to be improved to facilitate the movement of the people, Conerad told Nitin Gadkari. .
The KHNAM has said that if the Government is going to implement the Roster System backwards, it should show accurate lists and in accordance with the recruitment rules.
He said that this is the beginning but he hopes that the organization will be able to hold such markets in other places.
About 70 million people took part in World War I.
And Satan gave him his throne and great authority.
Police have registered a case against the suspects and the investigation is ongoing to track down the suspects.
Of these 29 vehicles, one Scorpio, one Bolero, two new Swift dezire and two Bajaj bikes, have not received their license plates and number plates. the officer of the required documents.
From the beginning as citizens of India we have received support for the Fundamental Rights of the Indian Constitution but the government authorities have not seen them. to respect the rights of the people as evident through various rules especially on the outbreak of Covid-1
Copies and school supplies were distributed to 60 children in Umrynjah.
The Prime Minister showed a 3 minute 2 second video, which was viewed by 6 lakh people, in which he walks on foot and collects garbage from the river. He put them in a bag and handed them to one of the hotel employees, Jeyaraj.
The CM said he had spoken to the family members of the victim by phone to express his condolences on the incident and assured them that the government will take action on the incident. incident and arrest the people involved.
The swearing-in ceremony will be held tomorrow at 6 pm, and it is understood that Modi's mother, Hiraba, will also attend the swearing-in ceremony of her son. old man.
This year's Campus Quiz has divided the country into 24 categories or clusters, in which 12 finalists have been selected for the Wild Card Final. .
Shillong, July 29: “The biggest of these will be agriculture and as intellectuals, let us move forward to transform agriculture with modern technology for the benefit of “We are with the people in the future,” said the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma while opening the fourth meeting of the MATGESA at the Integrated Agricultural Training Center (MATGESA) today. Upper Shillong.
He said that the income of these informants is that after the relatives of those who have been abducted pay the money demanded, they also receive their share from the GNLA. of Police (Operations), GHP Raju said that the reason for the increase in the number of kidnappings in Lum Garo is due to the fact that the relatives of those who have been kidnapped do not inform the police. .
Regarding the decline of the party in Ri Bhoi, due to the failure of the candidates who have stood from the party, Dr.
The order was issued on November 21, 2021 and the hotel was directed to pay the amount of Rs 2 crore within eight weeks.
The KHADC has taken this decision after receiving many complaints from the public regarding the refusal of banks and other financial institutions to accept applications for loans. recognize that the land allocation shall be made by the Council in accordance with the provisions of this Act, and shall be approved by the Lat of the State.
The first place went to Enrichetta Liting for pading, the second place went to Therina Sumer for jhur wang and tung rymbai and the third place went to Cathlen Khynriem, the victim of the attack.
Undoubtedly, no action has been taken against the BDO or others who may have ordered the police chief to do what he has done.
Police said that Bah W.Marbaniang, Secretary of Mawiong Market Committee, has lodged an FIR at Mawlai PS that on 10th November, suspected members of the Mawiong Market Committee had set fire to nine byrni. Don't forget to buy tickets at Mawiong Regulated Market, Shillong.
Police said that the three men kidnapped Bah Coniwell to rob and forced him to sign three checks worth T.3.50 lakh, T.3 lakh and T.2 lakh before killing him.
“Let them pay Rangsan,” said Kynsai.
In Group-A (Shillong Zone), Jyntru FC and Umrit SC drew 1-1 at MFA Stadium, while in Group-D (Tura Zone), Selsella Sports Association beat Warima Youth Club won 3-1 at Chandmari Stadium.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: U Zenith Sangma, MLA of the All India Trinamool Congress, on Tuesday slammed the MDA government, accusing it of looting the state and no longer having the right to rule the state.
Before visiting the area where the foreign workers live, they met with the management of the company nearby, to ask whether they have provided the necessary documents. labor license and others to the workers imported from other states.
On the other hand, Range Forest Officer C.Najiar said that it is very difficult to arrest the trucks carrying timber for illegal trade as they are covered with tarpaulins.
" Immediately the stern began to shake, and it rose up and sank on the surface of the water.
Jowai, Jymmang 03: The Kur Pale Association today held its General Meeting at Nartiang Moodop, West Jaintia Hills District. for the year 2024-2
So she went into her bedroom to talk to him.
When Conrad Sangma can meet with his fellow ministers, officers and other citizens, it will be difficult to meet with the pastors at his residence if the Secretariat has been appointed by him. 'Coronavirus'? Listening and reading other actions and speeches, I think there is only one source that separates Bah PT Sawkmie from the MDA Government of Conrad Sangma.
In the doubles, Fillterson Kylla and Jester Nongbet won the title after defeating Vicky Myliemngap and Mon Partuh.
Imson scored the second goal in the 62nd minute through Michael Kshiar.
Shillong: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has lodged a complaint with the leaders of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) over the illegal kilo cutting of their produce in Ri-Bhoi. .
In another order, it was announced to lift the closure of the residence of Vinod Khemka at the house of B Khongwir, Dunhill Road, Harisabha, Laban and also the house of Vinod Khemka. the law, from the 12th of this month.
Government authorities in Gaya have imposed a curfew, prohibiting people from leaving their homes to work outside and prohibiting them from working between 11 am and 4 pm.
Jowai, Nailur 29 : The 40 Above Veteran Knockout Football Tournament-2022 organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has reached its semi final today. 30.09.2022 at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Adokgre, also known as Chenanggre, was the polling station of Purno Sangma.
At this meeting, various reports were presented regarding the water supply through the JJM, the recognition of 2 Village Councils, Dong Disong and Dong Lumsohjhur as Dong Disong and Dong Lumsohjhur. Block 5 and Block 6, as well as other matters discussed during this Dorbar.
The Khasi Jaintia people have lived in righteousness since ancient times and have been taught and glorified by their ancestors from generation to generation according to the way of life, the way of working, the way of working and the dignity and morality of the organization. sit down from the lyngwiar to the house of Mei.
“In the era of 5G, PM-SHRI schools will be the platform for modern education,” he said. added.
The match on that day will be between Blue Bomber's and KMC FC Sonapur at 1 pm at New Nongstoiñ Stadium.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Waheh Shnong Bah Deimonmi Lyngdoh said that tomorrow Friday the residents of Lapangap who have fields in Nongjrong will leave for Nongjrong to harvest their rice.
According to the source, after a thorough search by the Nongstoin police, the suspect surrendered to the police in the morning.
Regarding this, the EM said that he accepts their suggestion and tomorrow morning a meeting will not be called with the officers to discuss this. work more specifically.
The Executive Engineer of PWD Shangpung Division, Bah E Lyngdoh said that the road should be blacktopped 20 cm and the width of the road should be 3.75 metres.
He said that once these Regional Committees have been set up, the inspection of the land will start, the meetings with the people will start and the two Chief Ministers will visit the land committees. to gain the trust of the people in these border villages.
It is understood from the discussion that there are many officials who are trying to figure out how to deposit their money into the accounts of the indigenous people to avoid being taxed.
“The lack of adequate teachers to teach Garo in schools has put Garo students in great difficulty in getting adequate education to read Garo. benefit the students.
Assam Rifles beat Shillong Lajong 1-0 with a goal from Maitshaphrang Nongneng in the 72nd minute.
“These people rob drivers in the morning and all this happens outside the department which should protect and arrest them, but this illegal activity is going on quickly on the highway ( national Highway).
BG Momin was also appointed as the party's advisor.
thank you.
“How can the owner of the land not know who is operating this land? Can anyone operate a coal mine on a land up to 150 feet deep if they don't know the contractors and if they come to work without informing the owner? why don't you lodge a complaint against these employees?” he said.
Before confirming the office bearers and welcoming the youths who came from other parties, such as the Congress and others to join the HSPDP, a short meeting was held which was conducted by Bah Shandabor. Shylla in the presence of Bah KP Pangniang who is the candidate for the 2023 election from Rambrai Jyrngam and others.
" said Winning.
The sources also speculated that the sudden change of the PDF to the NPP may be because the NPP wants to get more MLAs in order to get a majority alone especially at this time of crisis. the Reservation Policy and the Roster System.
Nongpoh, November 30: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District today distributed jaiñkup syaid to about 90 poor families and 4 elderly people. villages in Ri-Bhoi before the New Year in collaboration with NEZONE held at Pahammawleiñ and 15 mer.
The BJP leaders, those who have sent Ministers, those who have sent back the Ministers, have been confused.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the runways still need to be increased from 1100 meters to 1750 meters for the landing of ART flights. The answer they received was that there are no people who are willing to run this airport to start small aircraft.
Sangma also spoke about trade in agriculture, electricity and culture.
However, I demand that the government should take immediate action and stop these illegal and corrupt activities in the state.
He said that the Sub Division will bring about education and development in the North East.
Shillong, June 13: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday announced to provide scholarships to the students who are preparing for the UPSC Civil Service Examination. Coaching Center in New Delhi.
He said the Union demands that the state government should provide laptops within this year as about 60 percent of the students come from poor families.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tyngsong, on Tuesday said that the construction of the Pynursla Bypass, which is part of the Package-III, has been completed. of Shillong-Dawki road, has been completed.
The first match will be between Laitkor SC and Kick Start Football Coaching Center at 2:30pm followed by Lawei Smit SC against PFR Academy at 4:15pm.
However, the HYC is ready for this and if ACHIK can demand to make Tura the Winter Capital, the HYC is ready to demand it. for the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Don't be involved in such farming jobs because they are not profitable.
The body was found through scanning after the man, identified as Nursad Mansuri, suffered from pain in his stomach.
The results of the 2023 MLA elections once again show the fragmentation of the vote of the ethnic parties.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has announced the start of the 2023 L) Kesilroy Pala Invitational Football Knockout Tournament.
Although Conrad met Amit Shah, he informed him of the decisions of the House to demand the implementation of the ILP and the complete withdrawal of the CAA from the state.
Adding that the third gender and those with different gender identities are now recognized in the country, the Bench said it is also necessary to ensure that the The level at which the complainant wishes to participate shall be determined by the voice of the majority.
Mairang Presbyterian Science College was established in 2006 and is the only college in West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, July 19: After the Public Health Engineering (PHE) has clarified that the drinking water supply to the residents of Shillong is safe, the leaders of the KHNAM Youth Wing today said that the water supply to the residents of Shillong is safe. They met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek to show him the truth as found in the water test.
You can't be long.
When the Government ignored their demands, the students staged a protest by closing down schools and colleges from 12th November
Furthermore, in his speech, he explained the main purpose of the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) which was established on the 3rd June, 2021 to show that the HITO has a foundation. to fight first of all to eradicate superstition and all the demands that HITO has many have reached the goal.
The KSU East Jaintia Hills District has donated household items such as food items, bedding and other items. General Secretary, Kwilnis Suchiang, Finance Secretary, Shaniahshkem Dkhar, Organizing Secretary, Deiniwan Lyngdoh, Sport Secretary, Shwari Ryngkhlem, Publicity Secretary, Hamewanpynhun Ryngkhlem and members.
The rocket reportedly reached about 250 kilometers from its launch site in Sweden.
Information and Publicity Secretary Bah Eldie N Lyngdoh on Saturday informed the media that besides the road curfew, an office curfew has also been called for these days.
“We have set up a Task Force Committee to advise on this government's plan,” he said.
During the inspection, the Minister met with many office bearers of the NPP-Shnat Sawsymper who submitted a memorandum to upgrade the Sawsymper Sub-Centre to a Primary Health Center (PHC).
The Norwegian is also the first Premier League player to score a hat-trick in three home games, and the first Man City player to score a hat-trick in Manchester derby since
Bah Ryntathiang, a renowned singer of the nation, has been selected to receive the Tirot Sing Syiem Award for his contribution to music and literature.
The Council has also received T.9,66,68,000 from the State Government for the release of the Special Assistant under the Plan Scheme of the Central Government.
JOWAI: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government has resigned its joint candidate and former MLA from Nongthymmai Constituency Dr. Jemino Mawthoh. The appointment of Co-Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board according to the recent notification.
He said that sometimes the orders of the Supreme Court are only man-made laws, many of the judges are foreigners and therefore it is difficult for them to understand the customs and traditions of the country and the nation.
The Union of Catholic Women, Shillong Archdiocese (SKK-SA) strongly condemns the incident in Manipur, where women were treated unfairly and their dignity was violated. and be-ijot with the wicked.
Shillong, June 02: Members of the Shillong Chamber Choir (SSC) on Thursday received the award from the Rotary Club Shillong Heritage. died recently.
The new cases include 24 cases from East Khasi Hills, 14 cases from West Garo Hills, 2 cases from Ri Bhoi, 2 cases from North West Khasi Hills, 1 case from South West Jaintia Hills and 2 cases from Eastern West Garo Hills. 1, West Khasi Hills 2 and East Garo Hills
There are 36 construction projects including roads that have collapsed and severely damaged due to heavy rains.
“In the past, I can say, it is not that we are against the Government of India, but we have to tell the truth about history.
Welcome to this country mama Antonio...I welcome you to my country.
The JMB has constructed this 10-storey building through the Grand-in-aid (Creation of Capital Asset) for the year 2021-2022 at a cost of T.55 lakh.
Although many of those who knew how to speak publicly are no longer on this earth, we remember and celebrate their skills.
So she decided to leave it.
“This issue of border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam, seems to turn around the parties in government, especially the NPP, as the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma is the party leader and head of the party. They also said that the standing and protest against the people on the border will affect the party.
It was also seen that while the KSU members were marching, some policemen were leading the way and some were walking around to ensure that there was no violence.
The king of the snieh bag is the most beautiful.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 25: The Deputy Commissioner of Arts and Culture, Meghalaya, today invited applications from artists, cultural organizations and cultural performers from the district. names in the department and whose purpose is for the preservation, recording, research, development and expansion of the Arts & Culture department in the state.
Speaking to reporters at Nongpoh, UDP Youth Wing President Lastforius Marngar in the presence of Wanphrang Sumer Adviser said that the UDP party will hold a friendly football tournament with the UDP Youth Wing. The awareness program is part of the training to educate the youth not to get involved in drugs but to encourage them to take part in physical activities to have a healthy body.
The vehicle was bombed and tied until the iit and the seven people inside the vehicle were destroyed.
“Now that the soskular has been signed, the Government has decided.
Mawsynram beat Mawryngkneng 4-0 and Mawlai beat Shella 2-0
In Jaintia Hills-East and West there are 25 VLEs and in WJH three VLEs have received this award.
Shillong, June 30: Former Minister of State, Bah Endro Lawphniaw, former MLA of Nongstoin Constituency, has passed away at the age of
Regarding the same incident, the Shillong Times newspaper on Wednesday, October 9th, 2013, said: Khasi Hills District Administration ordered a magisterial probe headed by ADM DM Wahlang to go into the details of a reported incident where several minor boys who are inmates of the Meherbaan Orphanage in Laban area of ​​the city were taken to NEIGRIHMS for circumcision, a customary practice under the Islamic laws.
You may ask, how come someone tests positive but doesn't have the disease? This is the thanks to the virus, which does not affect everyone but only the weak, the elderly and those who have lost their immunity.
Also present at the service was Rt.
“The storm has affected not only Mawrok, but the crops of other residents around the area especially the riewhadem. beginning to synthesiew.
Precious Tang (29, 76) and Manhok Suchiang (68) scored the three goals.
The tournament was organized by KSU Pahammawlein Circle and at the closing ceremony of the tournament, Samla Lambokstar Marngar, President of KSU Sengkmie was the chief guest. KSU in Ri Bhoi, KSU members and elders of the area.
Please ask the constituency how I am doing well and if you have received a certificate support me, you UDP support me, you BJP support me, you those other parties up and down without you “Support me once as Khasi Jaintia, show me once again that we can unite when we have to elect MPs.” She said that our youngsters have never received such recognition as Khasi Jaintia. sportsmen, traders, farmers, teachers, nurses, doctors, and so on.
Speaking to media, Umtyrnga Village Authority Officer Markus Lapasam and other elders from various villages affected by the proposal to sell land to the BSF, strongly condemned the proposal. The actions of the Hima Mylliem and the Syiem of Raid Marwet which led to one person taking possession of 12,000 acres of land.
According to Bah Bishar L.Dhar, Bah DP Kharsati has explained to the members of the party that the proposal to build the check post has gone smoothly. , where even the District Authority has the intention to complete this Entry & Entry point as soon as possible.
It is also worth mentioning here that this constituency has been overseen by former MLAs of these constituencies including Bah Hipingstone Lyngdoh, Bah KP Pangniang, Bah L. Nongsiang and Kong Maysalin War. in the house of Blei).
KSU Mawkyrwat Circle has elected 34 units to appoint new leaders.
Now here we see the spiritual blindness of Israel or the Jewish nation, that when they saw the Son of God who came into this world in the flesh, they did not recognize and believe that he was. he is Christ the Savior of the world who is their Messiah.
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh also urged to protect the environment by implementing technology and equipment in the state.
Remember that New Shillong will be a gated community of tall guards and guards every day and seven-foot-tall ksew.
" (The purpose of the Fifth Schedule is not only to prevent non-tribals from buying or selling land, but also to ensure that land in Schedule areas should be owned by tribals. so that they may be able to endure and feel equal to others.
German said that although they are not licensed by the government, they are people who have worked in the electrical industry. Brosstar said he has a license.
However, this announcement came suddenly to close the road from Umïam Pond where vehicles coming from Guwahati and Ri-Bhoi District have to pass through the road from Umroi Airport which leads to Umrynjah and reaches Umrynjah. VIP Road on Mawlai Lane.
Also present were Alertson Nongbri (ADC Eastern West Khasi Hills), Rose Angeline M Kharsyntiew (VLE – Rainbow CSC of Mairang) and her parents, Triciana Kharsyntiew and Tarcisious Mawlot.
The fire broke out and burned for a while.
“It is necessary for the government including the central government and other countries to take action because this is not the only reason in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the BMC, SSA Amlarem together with the DMC-SSA SEMAM, West Jaintia Hills on the occasion of the good deeds of the Volunteers at the Special Training Centres, took the initiative to mark this celebration by honoring 11 Volunteers who He has worked hard to improve the lives of those children who are in the midst of despair in getting literacy.
On the same day, the Minister also laid the foundation stone of the Critical Care Block which has 150 beds.
If the supply of petrol and diesel continues for a few days, it will cause a huge problem to the traffic.
“The new land fee has reached about Rs 650 crore which I feel is more appropriate.
There are 54 recoveries, including 40 from East Khasi Hills, of which 37 are civilians.
Members including Klet Phira, Lastborn Dhar, Stone Kharpamtiah, Heisa Phawa and the presidents and secretaries of the units in Thadlaskein circle have already been elected.
"“If this struggle of our teachers turns into politics, this is the politics we want in which the political parties in the Government and in the Opposition express the same goal for the betterment of the country. of us teachers," he said.
Meki Siangshai scored the first goal for Musniang Rim in the 59th minute.
This was the first time that the British troops had set foot in the Khasi Hills and it was in this year that the British Government became the master of the Sutnga Hima.
“We have detonated several tear gas bombs to disperse the groups which could cause danger to the traffic because it is still a time when there are many vehicles coming and going and we have Vivek Syiem, SP (City) said that the vehicle was shot through the road to Phan Nonglait Park and blocked the road leading to the Civil Hospital,” said Vivek Syiem, SP (City). Three persons were admitted to the IGP and Lad Civil Hospital.
East Khasi Hills has recorded the highest number of cases with 293 cases while West Jaintia Hills has recorded 89 cases.
The full member of the HSPDP has already handed over his resignation letter to the President since the 6th of this month.
Therefore, the children will be the fulfillers and that is where the saying goes – children honor their parents.
However, the government is ashamed that the foundation stone laying ceremony for the construction of the Dawki Bridge on the Umngot River in 2009 has not been completed till date.
Shillong: The District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) of West Bengal today seized several plastic bags from the Krang Suri Valley. Jaintia Hills District, Jowai in collaboration with the Raid Buam Environmental Protection Association.
Shillong: The President of the CSWO, Agnes Kharshiing, has strongly criticized the state government for saying that the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma is lying, to say that there is no illegal coal mining in the state.
Those present included ADC and Project Director DRDA PK Boro, MDC Habahun Dkhar, Rangdamon Dkhar Block, officials from the Fisheries Department and others.
On the other hand, the DC has directed all liquor shops including IMFL OFF/ON/Canteen/Bonded Warehouse to close the sale of liquor on these days.
“English cows produce 48460 tonnes of milk and Khasi cows produce 31950 tonnes per annum,” he said.
As part of the celebration, the youth of Siejlieh village also performed dances, songs and other entertainment activities. The meeting was conducted by Bah G.W.Nonglang President of Siejlieh. Siejlieh Sport Social & Cultural Youth Organization.
The SBYWA said that this road is filled with snow and ice and it is very difficult to walk and stand especially when it rains heavily.
When the KSU and RBYF entered the Director's room, they demanded that they should immediately appoint the 15 Khasi youths who have been expelled from the area. , in which they also said that if they cannot re-appoint, they will take other stronger measures.
He alleged that the corruption of the Syiem in relation to the land has been discovered and this has been discovered through the RTI Act. On the 1st July 2014, it was found that many activities of Syiem Niandro together with his office are against the laws of the Hima and against the rights of customs and traditions and against the Land Title Act of the Hima.
On Thursday, the Christians held various festivals to celebrate this day from morning till midnight where there was a midnight service.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, Education Minister Lahkmen Rymbui, DC West Jaintia Hills Garod LSN Dykes were also present on the occasion.
Speaking on the occasion, Ampareen Lyngdoh, who joined the National People's Party (NPP), thanked the Chief Minister and the Chief Secretary for coming to meet with the National People's Party (NPP). They also asked her not to join their party, the National People's Party (NPP).
Shen said that the Nongmynsong Village Council will meet with the Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills District to request permission as the Village Council to set rules and regulations on the closure of all shops or the public. The DC will be a threat to the law enforcement agencies.
However, we would like to urge the Conrad government to monitor the activities of the CRPF so that there will be no consequences in the future.
After this victory, Shillong Lajong will prepare for their fourth home match on the 25th of this month against Tiddim Road Athletic Union FC (TRAU) who are in 13th position in the table. point.
Shillong: The Chairman of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited, Bah Wailadmiki Shylla, on Tuesday said that if the Hima Sohra and the Mawmluh Dorbar do not approve the Joint Venture with the companies, the government will not need anything else but to shut down the company. This is the property of Chera Cement Limited.
This order shall take effect immediately upon publication of this notice until further notice.
Myrthong said that this is the first time that the residents of the village have found that there are youths who are using the drug.
The party has won back Ranikor after 20 years after Bah Pius defeated Martin M Danggo in the mid-term elections.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The Union of Chief Executive Members of Sohra District together with the Sohra Contractors and Suppliers Association (SSU) held a meeting at the office of the Syiem of Sohra Hima on the 13th of this month to discuss the issues of employment. contractors and transportation workers from the area in the construction of the National Institute of Technology (NIT).
Those who wish to receive assistance can visit the website of the Directorate www.dofpmeghalaya.org for the rules, online application and other related information.
Therefore, the union reminds that unless there are strong laws to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the state, it will not be allowed to operate the railway line.
Shillong, July 4: The National People's Party (NPP) President and MP (Lok Sabha) from Tura, Conrad K Sangma, while speaking at a public meeting of the National People's Party (NPP) held at Polo Ground today, said that He said that his father, Purno A Sangma, has lost the trust of the people in the NPP, the party he founded, until thousands of people gathered at Polo Ground.
He said that the reason why the state has lagged behind in the last 50 years is because of the lack of leadership in the state.
Shillong: The Border Security Force (BSF) on Tuesday morning seized a saree worth T.10 lakh from Pyrdiwah, East Khasi Hills.
Prof. Shukla has been appointed as the Vice-Chancellor of NEHU at a time when the COVID-19 pandemic is still rampant.
This number of illegal workers is a great benefit to the country as a whole.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The MDC elections, 2014 for the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be held in the newly divided constituencies. (delimitation).
It is not permissible to bishni or dom one's fellow villagers and one's fellow countrymen.
Lambokstar said the government's invitation to the committee was only to discuss the Roster System and not for the Reservation Policy.
If we the electorate don't surprise people, poverty will increase while the rich will increase in wealth while the poor will become richer.
He said that poetry can inspire an individual or a society and political activity.
“We have shown the civil society groups the documents and maps that the government in those years has worked on and these villages that the civil society groups want to come to the state have clearly stated that they are in “It is clear that the government will not be able to reconsider the MoU,” he said. He said that the government will discuss the issue with the MoU. and the Chief Minister of Assam for these villages including Garojan, Damarangkona, Bolsum, Balsrik and Watre Rong-Rong who want to come directly to Meghalaya. They expressed their desire to be with Meghalaya.
Besides the cultivation of jhur, rice, rice, Marwir, Wahrinong, Umjakoid, Umdum and others are the most active in the cultivation of livestock especially cows, while many other areas have decreased.
Many of them have marks on their hands.
Four children, among them missing, are Smt.
"The Meghalaya Education Symposium 2023 has been a meaningful platform for exchange of ideas and collaboration between leaders, experts in the field of education and stakeholder groups.
Many discussions have taken place in the constituency where it has been said that the contest this time will be between the NCP candidate and the HSPDP candidate Bah Banrikupar Wahlang but the NCP candidate has refused to comment. He said that the people of Laban-Mawprem constituency are wise voters and know whom to vote for. “We don't doubt to win but we want the people to win with dignity. “ said Bah Ricky while talking to reporters.
UNITED STATES (PDF) – 1252.
The HSPDP's claim that it has not asked for clarification from him is not true but it has been expelled without any real reason against him.
We pray that God will deliver us from this scourge, especially those who live on the border see what happened in Ichamati and Langpih areas.
What, then, does the custom of prohibiting women from sitting in Dorbar fall into – can or cannot be changed? You have to spend time explaining such matters.
The 2nd District League T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 has now entered its sixth day with Thangsning SCC and Lumpaia Avengers CC winning.
Now we have to start, the Lama party has ended, let us start with the Lama again.
The BSF Inter Frontier Games of Judo, Wushu, Gymnastics and Taekwondo were inaugurated on Thursday at a posh ceremony held at NEHU Shillong.
In the midst of children experiencing and having this anxiety they may sleep more than they should, and sleep longer especially on weekends.
Mapung FC Umjaïur won the match by beating Toperdo Mawiong 2-0
The report said that the BDO after examining the reply, found it incomplete and unacceptable and requested for the reply on 22nd July, 2014 but both of them did not reply and This has prompted the BDO to set his salary for six months.
The incident happened at a village between Baraigram and Kanaibazar railway station – Karimganj district at about 2:40 AM on Thursday night. the dep.
She expressed her regret that the NPP has not yet expelled or done anything against Nidamon Chullet and added that the lack of action against these people shows that all the people in power are the same as the NPP. there is no righteousness, but the wicked are allowed.
Also present on the occasion was Bah Bajop Pyngrope, Spokesperson of the National People's Party Youth Front (NPPYF) along with the elders of the area.
The NC was brought by opposition members James K Sangma, Dr Jemino Mawthoh and Ardent M Basiawmoit with the support of 14 MLAs from the UDP, NPP and HSPDP to express their no confidence in the government. Dr Mukul said he was not happy.
It is reported that there are many places where the fire has broken out, due to the blast of the lyer shet or the blast of the lyer shet and then there are injured, where ambulances have been sent to visit.
When a person confesses his sins according to the Word of God and is baptized, he becomes a new creation and the old things have passed away, says the Word of God.
It is said that this polling, this time, is the highest number of voters in the United States, compared to the last century.
Meghalaya won the toss and elected to bat for 316 runs for the loss of five wickets.
It was only after being criticized by some of the residents that he took the initiative to find out the truth even though he was still a new sordar.
D Scholars have dedicated their research on the culture of the North Eastern States of India.
Therefore let this love be among us, the love of God, the love of the Lord Jesus and all our fellow men.
Wasa beat Nangbah Mulang 1-0 in the semifinal of the second qualifier of the WJDSA Super Division Football Tournament on Saturday.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 8: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) and the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) today, led by Samla Wanteibok Lyngdoh, General Secretary Samla Wanteibok Lyngdoh and Samla Willstone Sohshang, President Samla Willstone Sohshang, President HANM West Khasi Hills District, today. They have met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, with a letter to inquire regarding the promise of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya on 15th November 2021, for the improvement of the Nongkhnum District. you are in the West Khasi Hills.
These valleys are completely different.
According to the understanding of the JAC, the state government through the DC Nongstoin has learned that out of the 2780 people who came to the meeting, who wanted to go to the There are only 8 cases in SWKH and 2772 cases in WKH.
“We have handed over this matter to the Shiphew Dorbar as they decide, we cannot say anything yet and it is this Dorbar that will follow up,” said Bah Thangkhiew.
At present, the people of Ri Khasi are in great distress, but the government, until now, has not been willing to sympathize with those who break the law.
After this, they open the ventilators slowly to remove the heat.
“If there were only 100,000 drug addicts, my money and yours would have gone to the drug addicts (to provide treatment).
The Relief Commissioner's Office confirmed that the department is well prepared for the implementation of the relief measures to those residents in need.
He is no different but he is a turncoat,” said Bah Dhar.
“When we say that we need another 1.4 acres of land, it means that this job should not be given to these people.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) South Khasi Hills District (KSU) on Tuesday afternoon lodged a complaint with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid. Sing Syiem on the right of foreigners to build markets and various types of buildings on the boundary of Mawlong Sirdarship Elaka and Sohra Hima in Majai and Ichamati areas.
Precious Tang scored both goals in the 4th and 39th minutes.
On the same day, the Higland Camp, near Mawmluh, was also inaugurated.
Shortly after, Rahul was released from arrest or imprisonment.
Under the Pradhan Mantri Karam Yogi Mandhan Yojana, 3 crore retailers and small shopkeepers with an annual income of not less than T.1.5 crore will receive pension benefits.
On behalf of the Leaders, Bah Banshai Marbaniang, Chairman of AIM Meghalaya State Unit, had the opportunity to talk to a young woman who has not been vaccinated against Covid-19 and has been evicted from the area. I didn't think that it would happen in that place and in the midst of the joy that I had come to visit from afar, I had to leave without getting the joy that I wanted to see.
Even though they can't see, they try as hard as they can to walk and stand like others and because they can't see, they need our help and sympathy.
EGH won the toss and elected to bat first but lost all wickets for 51 runs.
After the appointment of Conrad Sangma as Chief Minister, these schemes have been abolished and the players have been left in the dark.
“Once we have arrested them and completed everything, the investigation will tell us what we will do next,” he added.
He said that he personally condemns the statements of Bah AL Hek and demands that there should be no punishment for the state president of the BJP for speaking against the BJP party.
He said that the KSU warns that if the Karbi rebels continue to demand money, they will not hesitate to turn against the Karbi rebels living in different villages of the state especially in parts of the country. -The earthquake district.
Shillong: The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) Sumer Circle, President Sakilan Chyrmang, today lodged a complaint with the SDO and Engineer of MePDCL Khliehriat. electricity bill and smart meter.
One of the reasons mentioned by the prosecution before the court is that even oxygen is in short supply in all the civil hospitals in the state.
We urge the department to take action and take strong action against these violators,” said Synrem.
The relationship between a person or a friend is based only on benefit, which means that as long as the friend or friend who is related to me is still useful and useful to my life or work, I will value the relationship and if they are not useful. and the relationship ended.
Nongpoh, July 28: Leaders of HANM Western Ri Bhoi District under the leadership of President, Sumarlang Lyngdoh together with members today visited a border road in Jirang Constituency. I don't know why the road is too bad.
He also expressed his concern over the lack of garbage dumps and said, “If MUDA can provide garbage dumps to those in the city, why doesn't the Rural Affairs Department provide them? Even now, it is not the pleasure of the people, even with the khoh, the tin jot, we don't have enough places to break the garbage.
He said that KAS is currently fighting to include the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 23: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) have visited Nongstoiñ to explain to the public that in the election to be held on the 27th, before they leave their homes to cast their votes. vote, they should think and ask because if they make a mistake in this election, the disaster and destruction will be for the future generation.
Reports said that 13,000 civilians are currently in shelter in safe places, which are heavily guarded by the army and these are from Churachandpur, Moreh, Kakching. and Kangpokpi district and these areas are under tight security by the army, the report said.
The State Board for Wildlife under the leadership of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has already approved three wildlife sanctuaries including Emangre Wildlife Sanctuary, Pitcher Plant Sanctuary in Baghmara, Baghmara Reserve Forest and Riatkhwan Wildlife Sanctuary, Umïam.
The participation in the Seng will promote the rights of the people and will also lead us to the good ranks of the name Dr. AK Nongkynrih, NEHU, Shillong; In a message to the alumni, he reminded that those who have received training from technical schools and institutes run by the Salesian (Don Bosco Institutions) are all alumni of Don Bosco.
In Sohra, the rainfall was 161.1mm, 2.0mm today, in Umiam, 4.2mm and 6.8mm today. mm.
It is also worth mentioning that the NHAI has decided to implement FASTag stickers as part of the convenience of the passengers, so that they can avoid standing in line or paying through cash. Toll Plaza and the decision to implement FASTags, the NHAI has decided to start implementation from 31st November.
Such a policy is necessary and we are trying to talk to all stakeholders to ensure that it can be implemented smoothly".
India now follows the US, Brazil, Russia, Spain and the UK, according to a study by Johns Hopkins University.
Kumar Sewa scored 38 runs from 30 balls and Steve Syiemlieh scored 33 runs from 29 balls.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 8: On the government's plan to set up a BSF camp at Pyndengrei village, Nongstoin; The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today led a meeting with the new Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Arun. Kumar Kembhavi IAS, along with a letter to express his opposition to the proposal to set up a BSF camp. He said that the BSF camp in Nongstoin area is unfounded and of no benefit to the people of Nongstoin area. a small town and in the middle of peace.
On the other hand, the longkmie of the village said that if it were not for the HYC leaders, they would have lost electricity and would have borrowed tens of thousands of rupees.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nangbah Unit has decided to allow the reopening of the Punjab National Bank (PNB) after the bank management has accepted the poor service delivery of the bank.
On 30th November 2022, the two Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya decided to hand over the investigation into the shooting deaths on 22nd November 2022 to the CBI. The Commission appointed by the two governments has decided to end the investigation.
The MSCW also thanks the National Human Rights Commission and the Supreme Court for taking strong action against this tragic incident.
Now the owners of the mines have to look for engineers to mine with machines, which are very expensive for the small miners. authorities of the State Government, on mining.
In that moment, she turned into a fish and the water covered her and she was called 'Muchurdee' which means Puri-Dohkha.
The Social Cell will work in various areas related to education, blood donation, cleanliness, to teach the youth to stand on their own feet and others that should improve the society. .
“It’s just an accusation.
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi, who belongs to the Congress party, has decided to resign after the BJP won seven MPs while the ruling Congress. The AIUDF has only three MPs in the current election. This is in the state, which has 14 MPs. In Bihar, the Chief Minister of Bihar, Nitish Kumar, He has decided to resign after the BJP has won 22 MPs this time, while his ruling JD(U) has won only two MPs. The RJD, led by Laloo Prasad Yadav, has no majority in the 40-member Assembly; The LJP, Ram Vilas Paswan's party, which is currently in the NDA, has six MPs.
The Dorbar Shnong Pamrakmai on Thursday elected its new Waheh Shnong and this time Iaikiewbha Rymbai has been elected as the Waheh Shnong.
It feels impossible however no it is not.
Nongpoh: The Orchid Lake Resort Umiam and MeECL Secondary School Umiam have been declared as containment zones. operates from June 26th to January 1st.
Khliehriat, Naitung, 02: The damage to the National Highway 6 in Khliehriat town has caused problems to the passengers, not only to the vehicles but also to the vehicles carrying goods and small vehicles. Ambulance vehicles, it was witnessed that the road has been filled with heavy streams filled with water during the rainy season, which has also caused a deterioration in the appearance of Khliehriat town where many visitors spirit is a witness to this.
Mawkyrwat, June 16: The Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, Bah T. Lyngwa, IAS on Saturday in the presence of officers from various departments, inaugurated the The Camp Office at Nonghyllam Village, South West Khasi Hills District has been closed for 100 days.
There was nothing wrong with this incident.
The Kiang Nangbah Award went to Dolyne Kharbhih, the Tirot Sing Award went to Sumar Sing Sawian and Pa Togan Sangma. you went to Leander Marak.
On the 16th, the President will address the members of the Self Help Groups at Baljek Airport, Tura and will lay the foundation stone of the new Integrated Administration Complex, Tura through digital media.
“Get more than women,” said Santa.
Four candidates of the National People's Party (NPP) from Ri Bhoi District, who have contested from four constituencies in Ri Bhoi district, on Tuesday registered their nomination papers before the National People's Party (NPP) Returning Officer who is in the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi.
It was this victory that encouraged me to choose a career as a teacher,” he said.
This practice of using many companies started by the Government as employment agencies has killed many companies called Public Sector Undertaking (PSUs) or companies funded by the Government. the Government.
The body of the woman was taken to the Civil Hospital from Laitumkhrah on the 4th of this month, but she died on the 5th of this month while undergoing treatment at the hospital.
“About 80 percent of the cow vendors in Khanapara market have wanted to relocate but the new market is still under discussion,” said the president of KJBWA. organization, is that the cows should be examined before identifying the healthy ones so that it will be clean for the meat patients as well.
Five Annual Reports.
The funeral service will be held on the 25th September 2020 at 1 pm at the Presbyterian Church Seiñduli.
The Special Investigation Team (SIT) was set up on 29th October 2021 and the SIT has arrested five persons, all of whom are state residents. find out more facts about the incident.
This was announced by the Superintendent of Police (SP) Jagpal Singh Dhanoa on Friday who released a video of a phone conversation between HNLC Commander Sanbor Pala and one of the suspects. He was involved in the recent bomb blast and seizure of an IED bomb in Nongpoh.
The union also said that it would be better if there is an arrangement and allow the people on the border to take a decision whether they want to be in Meghalaya or Assam and that the government should arrange for the it borders with the state of Assam.
“It is worth mentioning that the suspect is identified as Mebanrilang Syiem Shangoi.
The first match will be played between Kairang and Diengshynrum at 10 AM, followed by Iongkaluh vs Wahsder at 12 PM and Sutnga Mission vs Umlyngsha at 2 PM. has issued a directive to the Rangbah Shnongs under its supervision on the issuance of residential certificates to non-Khasi Jaintia people.
The herbaceous plants have a stem that is not tall, about three to ten inches long; but the arboreum branch is shorter; he is only about three feet inches or less.
In order to talk to the owners of these petrol pumps, the CoRP leaders first went to talk to the owner of the petrol pump at Umroi Umdohbyrthih. The village leaders have reached an agreement with the owner of the petrol pump and the leaders have not lodged any Ejahar against the CoRP leader. The owner of the petrol pump, located in Bhoirymbong, Lumdaitkhla.
The Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses Act (POCSO) 2012 was introduced after the incident in Delhi on the Nirbhaya case. related to POCSO, it is up to the accused to prove the case.
I don't see the point of switching on electricity at night," he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Executive Committee of the KSU Mawlai Circle has decided to suspend its member Wanstep Dkhar (Maji) for one year. he has a pearl in his hands.
Mawkyrwat, June 22: The District Magistrate of Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Mawkyrwat has issued a public announcement after the announcement of the General Election to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly 2023 to be held on the 27th June and after the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) and other directives of the Election Commission throughout the district, he issued this order regarding the Silence Period in The Silence Period will start at 4 pm on 25th June, 2023 when all Election Campaigns and public meetings and the use of broadcasting equipment, distribution of pamphlets etc., carrying of flags/banners etc. within 200 meters of the Polling Booth and the temporary location of party offices within 200 meters of Polling Booth.
On the other hand, the Vice President of the group, Easterson Sohtun, said that the Minister has already promised to send another letter to the Vice Chancellor soon to suspend the implementation of the NEP. Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 26: A shop selling Wait, Mohkhiew, Khwai and other items at Nongstoiñ Market has been robbed by unidentified robbers. until now and it is said that they have seized dozens of valuable siej khwai.
Mairang, Nailar 12: U Hopefullness Lyngdoh, a Class XI student at Langtor Higher Secondary School, Langtor, has done a brave job and has done something that the police could not do.
In the past few months, the Minister has promised to visit Shillong this October to discuss the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state. Meghalaya.
It is also known that Zindans have been used in parts of central Asia in the past 20 centuries.
This will be the same because as we know our State is an earthquake route and since 1990 UCIL has planned to set up a factory or processing plant in Domiasiat and Mawthabah as these villages will be considered as the Planned Mining Centre.
I store memory (song)ha tape plastic or better magnet powder.
HYC.South West Khasi Hill District.
It is for this reason that Angela said that Meghalaya has declined significantly in terms of economic development and if you look closely at the research of the independent people, it shows that since Water supply, unemployment, education and health are something that has been left behind. .
The District Magistrates of the districts in the state have issued a public notice after the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) and other directives of the Election Commission across the state. Silence Period) will be for 48 hours before the end of the counting of votes which means that this hour of silence will start from 4 pm on 25th June, 2023 when all public gatherings and use of loudspeakers, distribution of leaflets etc., carrying of flags and signs etc. within 200 meters of Polling Booths and temporary location of offices of political parties within distance about 200 meters from the Polling Booth.
A shocking incident has happened, where a man, who went to check his water, at a shop in Golaghat, but the test found that he was poor.
It can be said that they have become merely like people who wait for the sympathy or mercy of others or who wait for the food that falls from the table of the nobles, the officials and it has been seen that they do not have the right to live as equals before the Constitution and the law.
However, now for the past two or three years I have been reluctant to leave, I am not against this day or the Government of India because I am reluctant to listen to the gossip and promote these 'lei sansnem'
Replying to the allegation that there is a fight between the candidates for the sake of money to win, Bah Adelber said that he will not allow at all and he is confident that the people will not allow it. in this clean constituency (North Shillong).
In Sohryngkham, the Assam Rifles have installed a gate inside the PWD road which did not exist before.
Not only that, during these 120 years we have lost many lives because of the border, as to remind that on 14th June 2010 we lost four elders in Langpih area who knew Columbus Hoojon, Denish Nongsiej, Ekros Rani and Charles Lyngkhoi were shot dead by the Assam Police.
The students greeted the Prime Minister with a smile when he entered their classroom and tied their hands with their handkerchiefs.
Head Constable Ram Niwas Meena was taken to AIIMS for treatment on the day he was injured on the India-Pakistan border but died. He died at 12:30 pm today due to internal organ failure and severe bleeding, doctors at the hospital said.
Of these 54 cases, 8 cases were seriously injured and had to be admitted to the IPD at Khliehriat CHC, while the others were in critical condition and were taken to hospital for treatment. Medical Check-up.
In addition, they should wear masks, observe the social distancing rule of 1 meter from each other and not to touch the ground without being found.
In this regard, the Joint Director has announced that students who have not yet received admission for Class XI Arts can collect their forms from the office of the Principal of Jowai from 18th November .
Referring to the meeting, the Minister of State who led the members of the Regional Committee from Meghalaya, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who is also one of the Ministers of the State Government, said, “We have just finished. The meeting between the two Regional Committees of Meghalaya and Assam was successful in which the RC of the state was led by me as the Chairman of West Khasi Hills and the RC Kamrup. The meeting was led by the Chairman of the Minister of Forests, Government of Assam. The meeting decided that Meghalaya will submit the names of the villages inhabited by the Khasi and those still in Meghalaya.
This means that if there is any dispute between the Hima or the villages, these villages will come to appeal to the Courts of the Judge, not to the Secretary or the EM Incharge.
One mother said, “Now we are suffering because our children are young.
May God bless us all and for His glory, Amen.
Vehicles coming from Pyndengrei area will stop on the road to the DC office and continue to Mawïong Pyndengrei.
The actor posted a picture of the shotshkor on Instagram with the caption, “After the return of my husband from the Kapil Sharma show and said, “They showed this to Kareena, I don't think so. but I know that you will be beautiful and appreciate them so for you I take them" There are times when something small and worthless can touch your soul .
The winner of the championship will receive a cash prize of Rs 3,00,000/- along with a trophy, while the runner up will receive Rs 1,50,0
Speaking on the election, Kharbani said that the Congress party will win the election easily as Dr. Pariong does not have a strong vote bank. If you win this time in the mid-term elections, you will never win again.
Regarding the sudden price hike, the contractors said that they will soon meet with the Syndicate Groups to talk to them.
On the other hand, the union has urged the state government to improve these places where the money has been stolen and to cover up those places where the coins have been stored. Uranium waste without tap.
I hope that other friends, children, young and old alike, will be able to showcase their talents in a positive manner, in opportunities that will be inspiring, and beneficial to them through the full support of the bor who don.
On this occasion, Rupang spoke to Rona Khymdeit MDC of Nongpoh who is also a lawyer. There has never been a full mark in the personal interview of 500 marks, compared to 200 marks in the written test.
If we elect selfish leaders who do not know how to use their power, the loss will be great to the people.
Samla Lakyntiew also strongly condemned the state government for not cooperating with the state government regarding the strike of the employees and employees at NEHU. Samla Lakyntiew said that due to the government's lack of attention to improve the working methods of MCCL, the factory has caused the problems it is facing now.
He said that at present the government collects taxes from these goods as forest products and the collection of taxes depends on the area where they fall under the Forest Department or under the District. Council Affairs.
The decision will not apply to health workers, municipal workers, press including electronics and print media, petrol pumps and gas vehicles.
“In our opinion and together with the people of the area, we don't agree with this because it is a corrupt job.
As a sign of unity against the CAA and to demand ILP, it was decided that COMSO will take part in the rally to be held tomorrow (6.02.2020) at Student Square. , Jaiaw was called by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit.
Nongpoh: St. Alfred's Secondary School, Sarikushi, Marngar, which is also one of the most famous sports schools not only in the district, but in the state as a whole, has been ranked among the best in sports. There are many shortcomings in the school, but when you know the facts inside the school, it is that it is a school which still has many shortcomings and which has caused problems to the management and teachers inside the school.
Members of NESO will meet with government ministers and MPs of various states in the region to demand the suspension of the Citizenship Bill.
tok-shi-tok : which cannot be used to speak without rest.
God sees the truth but Waits, God sees the truth but Waits, God will have mercy on those who plan the looting.
When meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, they expressed their regret that the DC has not spoken on this issue although the union wants to speak and explain according to the letter. Therefore, the party is sorry for this,” said Bah Endor Syiemiong.
On polling day, only 2 vehicles will be allowed to be driven by one candidate, with only 3 riders per vehicle.
“A committee of inquiry should be appointed into this incident and all the engineers, officers, contractors and any person whether politicians or ministers should be punished.
In fact, this area is famous for agriculture but due to lack of proper road, farmers have found it difficult to market their produce.
Lakshadweep and Goa followed with scores of 65.89 and
A complaint has been lodged in connection with the incident under Section 307 of the Indian Penal Code.
In the Indian Round Mixed Team, East Khasi Hills District won the gold medal after beating Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
During the search of the vehicle, police recovered three soap boxes containing 32.5 grams of heroin.
There are also 3 consolation prizes worth T.5,000/-.
Phrangki Dhar scored the winning goal for Luti Tuber in the 41st minute.
Certificate : a certificate is a document certifying or recognizing the work or work of a person written only the certificate of that job.
Many important meetings with the people the government does not issue announcements and even the media is only allowed to take pictures.
I make known the END from the BEGINNING FROM ANCIENT TIMES, what is still to come.
The Opposition has only 14 MLAs, 5 from the Congress, 5 from the TMC and 4 from the VPP. MLA. Because in this constituency there are old MLAs and there are new MLAs in the Liang Pyrshah.
The ceremony started at 6:00 am at the Langdoh House under the leadership of Pa Langdoh Niam and Waheh Sankur who are the followers of Langdoh Niam.
Meghalaya's first two batsmen, Rudra and Gaurav Narleng, scored 122 runs before the loss of the third wicket.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Renikton Tongkhar expressed his satisfaction with the laying of the foundation stone of these 11 schemes, 9 of which have been through the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM). The RIDF and another Minimum Need Program (MNP) with a budget of T.112.21 crore will cover 46 villages and will provide water to 5177 households. It is hoped that these schemes will be a blessing to the community.
A large quantity of drugs and marijuana were seized from the house.
Shillong: On 31st October 2021, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in his speech at a meeting at Manai, inaugurated the village road, the dorbar Hall, a public seating area at the Manai Football Ground, that the Mairang Civic Sub-Division will be upgraded to a District.
Furthermore, the ceremony began with a procession of the Priests and the Sad Priest performed the rituals from the anointing with oil, the blessing, the cup of the Holy Sacrament. Father Desing John Nongphud and others.
The delegation will be led by AMPSTA President Mritunjoy Ch.
Bah Birbor said that there have been those who have spoken on this issue in the past, from the Sengbhalang and others.
She also alleged that the BJP is the most corrupt party in the country and that the BJP is the most ethnically divided party.
The Head Office of NEEPCO has been set up in Shillong with the aim of improving the electricity generation in the North East and to improve the income of the people in the region.
If the block offices are old, there are many shortcomings in the working methods especially in the rural areas where the people are more likely to enter the block offices because through the block office many schemes have been implemented. said Bah Dohling and added that the existence of the Block is a bridge between the people and the government.
Lajong lost 2-0 to Jamshedpur FC in their last group match of the Kalinga Super Cup at the Kalinga Stadium on Saturday. , Pitch 1, Bhubaneswar.
Sunset Valley FC beat Sunset Valley FC 4-0 at the Kurkalang Stadium in Bhoirymbong.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that there are three Regional Committees in the State.
Members of the Syiem family of Hima Khyrim, including the Syiem Rangbah Dr Balajied Syiem, the Syiem Sad and the Syiem as well as the members of the Syiem family were present at the ceremony. They came from the bombs of the ksing and the tang muri.
“This bill is necessary to encourage the villages through the Village and Town Development Council to work in accordance with the laws and regulations to bring about development and any work should go through the council. ," said CEM Thombor and added that this bill is for the benefit of the villages within the council boundary and any suggestions will be taken together and we will take the suggestions of all the members. so that we can send it immediately to the government for the approval of the Governor.
Hearing the petition filed by Zanera R. Marak and others led by two lawyers, AS Siddiqui and AG Momin, the court expressed its surprise at how the state has implemented the policy. There is no roster system for 50 years.
Pohsngap asked why these bad things happened. and the reason is that now many have allowed wealth to rule, no longer by the power of knowledge by saying “Vision can make money but money cannot make vision”.
Narwan is a village that is well known for the cultivation of soh niamtra.
As we have accepted this Truth that the Lord Jesus Christ as our Lord and Saviour, this WATER OF LIFE will flow and abound in us.
On the other hand, the JSU demands that the Chief Minister should immediately hand over the incident to the CBI for a fair trial. The government has not yet promised to hand over the case to the CBI.
At the same time, he said that he himself has been threatened with money of 5-7 crore tyngka, but he said that he is not only interested in getting the money and to rest in peace by forgetting about the residents. villages in this area who are in the midst of difficulties and struggles in many ways.
“If we have issued the license now, we will have to issue it to those who come later.
The union demands that the authorities should pay compensation to the family of the victim.
According to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, 1388 cases are related to crimes against children and 1180 cases are related to crimes against women.
After the amicus curiae, Nidhesh Gupta, Senior Advocate and Sengbreezbirth R Marak, one of the residents of Garo Hills, appeared before the Court. It is necessary to exempt Meghalaya from the laws of the Government of India and to enforce all the laws and regulations to curb and prohibit coal mining in Meghalaya.
“We have not been able to release the salaries of the SSA teachers, which remain from July to April, because we have not received the first installment from the central government. The proposal has been sent to the central government,” said Marak.
But ye that are rich, despise not the poor.
Secretary Ministry of Rural Development Ajay Tirkey has urged the North Eastern States to speed up the implementation of computers.
Tripura Police on Friday night arrested a robber and recovered a pistol and several rounds of ammunition from his body. drugs.
Shillong, June 19 : Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie has urged the State Government and KHADC to work together on the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam. To explain and educate the Village Authorities and the border residents on this issue so that it will not cause loss to the people of the state but will bring benefits.
Not only that, this Bill will soon be passed into law,” she said.
Meanwhile, Kerala Blasters beat SAI Kolkata 2-1 to qualify for the final.
Referring to these schemes, Rajiv Kumar said that these schemes promised by these political parties are not in violation of the existing law, but are part of the law. the people should promise to the people and the people should know what the promisers have promised.
On the other hand, Senior President of the UDP, Bah Bindo M Lanong, said earlier that the government should hold the mid-term MDC elections in October or June. The constituencies without MDCs have been left alone and will lose their benefits.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) on 24th November 2020, after the Executive Committee meeting, has decided to join hands with all parties to demand the implementation of the ILP and to oppose the CAA in the State.
A.Malang, Assistant Director, Horticulture District, South West Khasi Hills District, said that agriculture is one of the areas that has been neglected and forgotten. hard for a good harvest.
It was observed that if the bridge for the construction of the bridge had been prepared in advance by the engineers, it would not have been erected near the old bridge. buses and others to pass through this old bridge, but as of now buses carrying passengers and trucks can no longer pass through this bridge because only small vehicles are allowed. .
Anti-CAB protesters threw stones at the vehicle of Assam Director General of Police Bhaskar Jyoti Mahanta in Guwahati today.
The three-day Budget Session will start on the 1st and end on the 3rd of October.
Ranveer and Deepika's house is located in Lake Como, Italy.
He said that the tournament is also part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the state's independence. This is part of the 50th anniversary celebration and there will be many activities for the upcoming National Table Tennis Championship.
In the 55-60 KG GROUP, Bhalang Khongwir (Claudia's Fitness Hub) won the second prize, Lalremmawia Sangma (Synergy Fitness Gym) won the second prize while Vianycolas Kharbyngar (Elite Gym) won the third prize.
In doing so, the most beneficial are the bungalows of government officials.
“To prevent this looting of the state by the people in power, the Congress party will take all necessary measures and ensure that those involved are punished according to the rules of law.
Those who received these demand letters were from foreign traders and locals and it was also said that it is also the Income Tax to be paid to the union for the year
Therefore, the BJP government wants to collect money in the name of Adhar card.
Laloo said that the department will do its utmost to make the stadium fully equipped so that next year the Durand Cup can be held.
A complaint was lodged with the Ghograpar Police Station, but no complaint was registered. The SP of Nalbari assured that the police will investigate and take appropriate action. to do.
Deacon Ebormitre was a faithful young man in the Church and in the Youth League.
Shillong, July 17: The state government has approved 13 out of 15 companies to set up in the state and most of them will be in Byrnihat of Ri-Bhoi district.
Raju told the court that the police did not know where the militants had abducted policeman Khomraj Bhattarai.
Besides these constituencies, there are other constituencies such as Mookaiaw, Shillong North, Mawthad Raishan, Mawshynrut, Mawryngkneng, Sohiong, Umroi, Sohra and Mawkynrew.
Jowai, Naitung 24: The Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament 2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WSA) on Saturday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
In a statement, it said that the report sent by the government estimated that there are about 11,900 people living in the areas including Vadodara, Bharuch, Narmada, Dahod and Panchmahal. , Anand, and Gandhinagar have been relocated to temporary shelters.
The Government has amended the Meghalaya Services (Conduct) Rules, 1990 and approved by the Cabinet today to prohibit government employees from becoming Rangbah Shnong or joining any political party. .
Nongpoh, Nailar 22: Residents of 14 villages in Tyrso area, including Self Help Groups and Village Organizations, have gathered at Tyrso on Saturday to express their concern over the lack of distribution of food items. ration card to the people and to demand from the government to look into and resolve the problems of the people in the area.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of Mylliem Hima, Minister MB Kharlukhi said that the cause of the fire was due to the mistake of the filmmakers when the Banaras Media Work came to ring film ha Iewduh and when they had finished their work to ring the film, they were ready to collect their equipment but due to a fault in the generator, it happened. meh suddenly on fire.
“This group is of the opinion that all the issues related to the examination centers should be looked into immediately and that the candidates from this village should be allowed to write the examination within this. Meghalaya,” according to the letter written to Mehta.
Newhill beat Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu 2-0 with goals from Iakiru Dkhar in the 10th minute and Aiborlang Sumer in the 75th minute.
According to Dr Das, the visit to the villages in Nongstoin C&RD will start from 8th July
In his speech, Samla Maitshaphrang Kharwanniang expressed his gratitude to the leaders of the HYC, South West Khasi Hills District for taking this step to give their blessings and words of encouragement to him before he died. He will compete in the UCI MTB World Cup 2022 in Ladakh.
On the other hand, the union is surprised to see that after the loss of the transformer due to deterioration for at least three months but it is surprising that the electricity bill has been calculated the same even after the electricity has not been used.
Shillong, July 13: The High Court of Meghalaya on Tuesday said that the state government cannot blame the heavy rainfall for the deterioration of roads in the state.
Shillong: The Director of IIM Shillong, Prof. DP Goyal has been awarded the Best Business Director Award at the World Business School Summit
However, in the second half, Ladthadlaboh FC tried to play well to score the first goal but the defenders of 7 Wasa didn't score. Ladthadboh's forwards to score.
According to the report, after the first VVPAT machine broke down at 12:30 pm, it was replaced by another one at 2:1
Therefore, we must know, to be able to search, to search, to spread, to preserve and to preserve the snaps of our own culture with solid knowledge without hesitation to establish our own culture and proclaim the heritage of our ancestors. before.
Will the leaders who will win in 2023 be the same, will they not talk about the preservation of the land and strengthening the customs and traditions, especially if the development is going to increase? The ownership of land and mineral resources and their distribution to others through new laws and regulations should be stopped.
The second prize winner will receive 4000 tyngka and the third prize winner will receive 3000 tyngka.
However, the government department in charge of agriculture is now facing a big challenge how to explain to the people that this synsar cultivation will destroy the fertility of the soil, but there are no others. There are also other ways to explain to the farmers to avoid synsar cultivation and to use the cultivation that this government department will teach.
The difficulty is that the Modi government in Delhi will implement the CAB at any time. one time when the opposition governments of various states and pressure groups have fallen asleep again to implement the law when they come back to power in the next MP election.
Here we see the difference between the prayer of a believer in God and the prayer of an idol (Baal).
These are the days of increasing knowledge (Daniel 12:4) and many of us don't have time to live like these days, no days of men, no days of gods.
The shortage is not only in terms of economic development but also in the way of thinking of the citizens.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today to meet with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. and some of the Cabinet of the Government to inform about the problems faced by the Jaidbynriew and the urgent needs for the development and preservation of the Khasi Jaidbynriew.
Explain in the article that the scientist said that only the number 666 can be used in the calculation he found, and no other numbers except 666 can be used for the name, ki The UID card has only the number 666, according to the statement.
However, regarding the circulation of photographs and videos of such a game of the Presbyterian Church Nongpyndeng, the reporter tried to talk to some church leaders to explain more about the game. This Christmas game was theirs because there were many question marks from the people of many churches.
Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah on Tuesday took oath as the new MLA of Sohiong after winning the election announced on the 13th of this month.
Raid Mawlat Rangbah Shnong Sailon Kongjoh, Dr I Syiem in charge of Mawkynrew PHC, Raid Mawlat PHC Chairman Moron Suting, Raid Mawlat Rangbah Shnong Union Moron Suting were also present at the launch. Hynniew Shnong, President of the PDF Mawkynrew Circle Bah Andra Rynjah, Secretary Bah Dengbok Kurkalang, Elders and the people of the area.
Speaking on the opposition of the principals and the students that there are still many shortcomings such as buildings if implemented now, the MLA said that if it is not implemented now, it will not be possible to meet the needs.
Even now, when the ethnic parties together with the Congress and TMC are trying to unite to form a government, the secret debate is, “Who will get the post of Chief Minister?” The UDP may also have a strong opposition among some MLAs to hold the post.
“I am going to reach out to the people and say that Meghalaya needs change.
Why does the plate appear?1
Most of those arrested were arrested by the Sadar PS. The police have warned that during this Christmas and New Year season they will be vigilant against such incidents.
According to the report of the Meghalaya State Rural Livelihood Society (MSRLS), it is the VO that has taken the lead among the 40 VOs in Thadlaskein.
He said that four MLAs will submit this demand in writing to the Prime Minister on the 12th of this month. show the government that the demand is not only for the VPP, but for the people.
Through PMGKAY, the rice will be distributed free of charge at the rate of 5 kilos per head.
The driver of the truck was injured and was admitted to Woodland Hospital Shillong.
Three of them have already arrived in Aizawl.
Mahatma Gandhi worked hard physically and spiritually to fight for India's independence and organized many protests that helped liberate the country from British rule.
The meeting was held at the Chandmari Stadium and was attended by more than 1000 people.
“As an elected leader, I would like to say that I have never taken any decision on the incident in Mukroh, because we only know that there has been a loss of life of three residents. “I strongly condemn all those who have acted without any vision of what will happen next,” she said.
Others who attended the meeting were Rinaldo K Sangma MDC Rongrong, Agassi R Marak MDC Balachanda, Pardinand D Shira MDC Damas and Barthiar Momin Coordinator TMC Mendipathar.
Jowai: In the 6th Republic Day Cup Under 12 of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WSA) on Saturday, Caroline Colony beat Dongmihsngi 1-0 Loompirdi Iongpiah scored 2-1 goals.
Regarding shops, which include meat vendors, jhur shops, groceries, toiletries, if they intend to become household vendors, they must obtain permission from the office of the Deputy Commissioner.
Time does not wait for anyone and these reports should impress all those responsible.
They said that they are ready to cooperate with the Dorbar Shnong Umiam for the good and peace and order in the village and especially to curb the entry of foreigners.
Besides scoring half centuries and taking wickets, Sanchisa was named player of the match.
The body of the child was taken to Ialong District Civil Hospital, Jowai for post mortem before being handed over to the relatives on Friday.
How can we encourage our young ones? Mr. Paul asked.
He said that a meeting will be convened soon and a decision will be taken in the Legislative Assembly.
Perhaps it would be better to establish new principles and agree between Assam and Meghalaya as well, which will be common principles, according to the circumstances and the circumstances of the time and so on.
“I thank God that her body is healthy and she has nothing to lose,” said Dr. Ricky Syngkon.
“The violation of the rights of signs has left them in the dark and I led the traders to meet the Prime Minister yesterday on this issue,” said Bah Ardent.
On the part of the Rangbah Shnong, he expressed his gratitude to the MSSDS and Seng Kynjoh Shaphrang for benefiting the residents through this Skill Training.
Ïewrynghep SS beat OM Roy Memorial HSS 4-2 in the tie-breaker after failing to score until the end of the match.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84881 and out of these 83299 have recovered and 1485 have died.
Speaking on the occasion, the Governor congratulated and praised these two men who have been able to improve the society through their work.
Thomas Jones as a 'fighter against corruption: In the days when Thomas Jones was working as a missionary in Ri Khasi.
There are also those who are quarantined without providing the necessary facilities.
“We have already signed an agreement to relocate the prison to Mawkhanu, New Shillong Township.
“If such clashes happen between the two ethnic groups living in these areas, development works will not be able to carry out and will cause losses to the residents,” he said.
In the opening match of the women's category, LUSSCO beat ONYX by 22 to 21 baskets while in the men's category, Dubakh 'B' beat Phudmuri. Phudmuri 'A' scored 73 and 41 baskets.
Those who joined the Trinamool Congress from Mawsynram Block today are from the INC, NPP and UDP, according to the speakers at the meeting.
He said that after careful consideration, they have agreed to send a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, where the Deputy Commissioner has sent police. They came and arrested the shopkeepers, drug dealers and drunkards and for 10 years they came every Markasa market day to arrest them.
(It will continue next issue).
According to Dr Sangma, the talks with the Defense Minister were very fruitful and hoped to bring about results soon.
Iawmusiang Nangbah beat Luti Tuber 1-0 with the first goal scored by Kyrkhumitre Lamare in the 42nd minute.
“How can Deputy Chairman Klumar ignore the order of the High Court of Meghalaya which has clearly stated that he should conduct the dorbar so that it does not fail.
I have already seen in Jaintia Hill and East Khasi Hill and the Congress party when it works it will work for the benefit of the people in the state and the Congress hopes to come to power in GHADC”. .
Those who sit or sell inside the Sohra Market or elsewhere must wear facemasks and if they violate this rule, they will not be allowed to sit and sell.
Then I said, 'When I go fishing, the net sets the fish so that they don't escape.
He said that there will be a shortage of funds, as this is the first time to implement the project.
On the same day, a rally was held at the ground of Maweit Presbyterian Secondary School in which more than 3,000 supporters attended.
Came to claim this body by his brother.
The Association also informed that some of the youth who have completed the MTET have expired the age of employment in a few months while others have already expired the age of employment.
At such times, parents should ask for the help of the elders in the village and in the church to monitor their movements so that they will escape the guilt of being forced to commit adultery. that works badly.
Even after the relatives and members of the Seng continued to inquire about their arrest, the police refused to answer and said to inquire from the Superintendent of Police of EKH, " said the president of the Seng.
Some of us have learned that in the world, almost every nation has its own canary that they believe in. “Where did they come from?” When they develop this belief or knowledge, they often to believe that they were established and blessed by the Almighty (Mynthological Theory).
This group is a group of ethnic groups, not a group that will unite the rich Khasi people. Therefore, the Khasi people should be careful not to fall into the hands of the enemies of the Khasi people to escape their uniqueness in the world. The tyllup.
The state government has decided to shut down the internet for 48 hours in Ri-Bhoi, Eastern West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills. district.
You can eat and drink according to your own wishes anywhere,” said Kong Rep and handed over the kwai to eat.
He said that the EC will take care of the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, peace in the border villages. He said that the people of Raid Nongtung will not be harassed.
John Chrysostom, the early Church father, said, “Jesus prepares his work by word and later confirms and confirms it by miracles.
There are 6 persons who receive monthly assistance from the ICDS Nongstoin office.
In conclusion, S.Tariang also read out the words of Antonio Guterres, Secretary General of the United Nations, who spoke on the occasion of the International Day of Peace.
Shillong, July 21: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has informed the President of the United States, Pranab Mukherjee, that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, has resigned. The conflict with the Garo Hills rebel groups.
Shillong, November 22: The Government of Meghalaya has started the distribution of aluminum tins under the CMHAP scheme from Mylliem C&RD Block followed by Mawsynram C&RD Block.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today awarded the students who passed the examination conducted by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) on the 13th of this month in Shillong. International Center for Performing Arts and Culture located in Mawkasiang.
Shillong, March 01: U CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, on Tuesday said that he will wait for the announcement from the Governor of Meghalaya on the vacancies of Chairman, Deputy Chairman and EMs in the KHADC. he will take a decision to appoint new EMs after the resignation of the three.
However, when he didn't know how to earn money, he threw himself into the liewlep and threw himself and his children into the liewlep.
PC throughout the city.
In the second half, Dong East played well and tried to turn the tide but it didn't work as Batskhem scored the first goal in the 48th minute. Amkhloo from a corner and then the game became more and more intense as Dong East FC struck the end of the opponent to score more goals but Dong Mainroad FC also worked hard to turn the tide. Hameroi Shylla scored the third goal in the first minute before the end of the first half. Hameroi Shylla scored 1-1 goals.
Hek said that he wants this hospital not only to be treated with herbs but also to attract people from all over the country to come for treatment. visit from what is already there.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has expressed its surprise at the departure of the NPP from the UDA in the KHADC, until the EC collapsed yesterday.
Moolamylliang Village Authority has announced that on Sunday 18/12/2022 there will be a bonfire and giant screen to watch the final of the World Cup.
The Governor said that 2.43 lakh bank accounts have been opened through the Prime Minister's Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) while 16,213 people have benefited from the Prime Minister's Mudra Yojana (PMMY).
He rejected Dr. Mukul's statement on the visit of Alphons Kannanthanam to the state that he did not inform the state government and that he was wasting public money.
North Eastern Hill University, although one of the most famous universities in India, has shocked many churches especially the parents who send their children to study. of the children at this Central Government School in Shillong.
The Secretary and Working President of the NPP Mylliem Block also expressed their gratitude to the NPP Mylliem Block. party in 2023.
Essential Qualification:- Bachelor’s degree in any field.
According to the HYC leader, Bahadur used the land to set up a shop and live in a house.
“The reason why the MPUF is against the coal mining factories is because they pollute the environment and affect human health.
Revealing his experience as an individual, Leslee said that private schools did not allow students to use old textbooks that went up the grade but required them to buy new ones even though it's the same court.
Augustine's joining the TMC was welcomed by the party candidate from Dadenggre Rupa M Marak, Block President of Dadenggre Jengga Jilinga M Marak along with more than 200 supporters of the Congress candidate.
Police accompanying Gadkari, caught him when he was about to fall to the ground, from dying and took him outside.
The final match of the tournament will be between Lamare Sports Club and Ri Bhoi United on 15th October 2023 at 1:30 pm at New Nongstoiñ Stadium.
For turkey feed including chick feed, grower feed and finisher feed the price is 3700 tyngka to 3990 tyngka per quintal.
Throughout the state, heavy to very heavy rainfall is expected in places.
In Assam, 85 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed.
Sherrard Wallang said that the number of children under 18 years old in the country has been shocking and as the days go by, the number of children received by the Kripa Foundation is increasing. their years are getting smaller and smaller.
Speaking at the confirmation ceremony of the new leaders of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar (RBPC) held on Saturday at the District Library Auditorium Hall, Nongpoh, the Speaker of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, Bah RR Kynsai Makdoh, said: Ri Bhoi District has ranked fourth in terms of the number of drug users and drug traffickers in the state.
The bill was drafted after months of discussions and consultations with many citizens and groups.
Paying capacity-The farmer when setting the price of a product should have a common sense whether the buyer is able to pay the price.
For the sake of the future of our generation, let us begin to lead the way for a brighter tomorrow.
Regarding the lack of electricity in the area, Bah Alfred Lyngdoh, President of HNYF Jirang Circle, said that the reason for the lack of electricity in the area is due to the lack of electricity. The shortage of employees in MeECL has also made it difficult for them to leave if they have jobs to leave anywhere and this shortage of employees has caused problems to the people. Most of them have to live without electricity, said Bah Alfred Lyngdoh.
All roads to Delhi are now closed".
“Many issues have been pending for many years, because money is at the heart of political issues such as the deterioration of roads, the breakdown of water pipes, the non-functioning of street lights, these have been increased. ieh after.
The appointment of Kong Delina is an honor to the nation and the state of Meghalaya especially the North East.
Hanif Khan climbed the tree with a stick in his hand.
All different thoughts come into her mind.
He said that if the government implements the road from Nongstoin to Kyrshai for a distance of only 37 kilometers, it doesn't have any purpose and until it implements the remaining road, it will not be known later. how many decades it will be able to achieve.
Even if the Lok Sabha is passed by voice vote and the Rajya Sabha is passed without the BJP, the opposition will appeal to the Supreme Court.
Our state has never won the BJP. We all know that these two MLAs have won not because they are in the BJP.
May you have a blessed and healthy New Year.
The bridge was repaired for six months and reopened on 26th March 2022, on the occasion of Gujarat New Year.
On the other hand, the union also speaks clearly and encourages that if anyone provides information on the activities of drug traffickers, such people will be rewarded, said Bah Balse.
He said that the TMC is ready to enter Meghalaya by providing assistance to women through the We Card of up to 1,000 tyngka per month and this will be a great help to those in need.
“It is the duty of the Government to ensure that children under the age of 18 should have free education in Government schools and Government aided schools and if possible even in Private schools. not run by Trusts, not run by missionaries," said the Seng.
Replying, Bah Shiwat said that they have already sent to the DCA to take the necessary action regarding the recognition of the Jaintia symbol, and the DCA has already sent to the Law Department of the state government. you are still valid in the Law Department.
Mawkyrwat, July 15: As a sign of encouragement and blessing, the Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Mawlangwir has honored the students who passed the SSLC and HSSLC examinations. The Minister of Education, Meghalaya, Rakkam A. Sangma was the chief guest.
According to the residents, the presence of young people drinking kiad has been happening from time to time in the area especially in the evening which has caused trouble and inconvenience to the residents and passers-by.
All children love such teachers, love their subjects, love homework class work and love everything those teachers say.
"Hei ho" said Bahheh from now on if you want to live with the Government eliminate this behavior to improve in all aspects.
“This government has been violent, violent, oppressive against the people especially the youth and we cannot accept it because even foreigners don't dare to speak against the people.
Tourism is one of the industries that the government has announced from time to time that it will take action to turn it into a factory industry to create jobs for the youth in the state so that they do not rely on it. only in government jobs but that they can stand on their own feet by this job.
However, Pa'iem Freeman did not give them the keys to open the Syiem's ​​office and said that he had not received any information from the District Council that he had been suspended (although there had been articles in the newspapers). .
I saw from home.
Pynursla, July 2: A strong earthquake has struck Mawlam village on the night of July 2, 2013 in Mawlam village, Pynursla. rat and a woman were seriously injured, while seven others were seriously injured.
They started dating in 2010, but got married in
He also expressed his gratitude to the opening of the newly renovated classroom.
In his heart, he asked himself, “Who is the best shisha?”
The elections in Bengal will be held in five phases.
This was announced by the President of the Khasi Kmi Seng, Rgh Don Kupar Dkhar.
This was announced in a statement by the Public City Secretary of KSU Sohra Circle.
Regarding the allegation that the MLA forced him to get ticket as an MDC candidate, Bajop said it was just an allegation, but there was no such thing, because He said that the primary units and the district have followed the rules and the MPCC has also decided to give him ticket.
However, despite the lack of players on the other side, Meghalaya did not manage to score.
Because the best and most precious teachings we receive come from the Jewish nation which God has refined like silver in a furnace (Isa. 48:10).
Lawei Smith SC has won the Women's League 2023 by beating Umpling SC 2-0 on Tuesday.
Dr. Sangma also congratulated the MDC of Raliang, West Jaintia Hills, Bah Robinus Syngkon who has joined the Meghalaya TMC. levels.
There will also be an Integrated Counseling and Testing Center (ICTC) van equipped with equipment to conduct HIV and Syphilis tests, information on HIV prevention measures, consultation with their role in conducting tests and also on connecting those who test positive with treatment and support options for them.
Leikirichard Tyngkan, General Secretary of KSU Kupli Area Circle, said that the KSU is not an organization that wants to appear only in the news or social media. KSU Kupli Area Circle has also decided to hold a meeting.
The whole reason was to fulfill what Jesus said – “You shall not worship the Father on this mountain or in Jerusalem” (John 4:21).
Has the MDA government investigated these issues?
Bah Renikton also promised to take care of the needs of the doctors from the OPD, OT, water tank, parking lot, staff, staff, doctors, nurses, peons, drivers and others.
The cooperation between the father, mother and grandchildren speeds up the household chores and mountain chores.
After the passage of the Citizenship Amendment Bill-2016, the BJP government will pass the Uniform Civil Code which will make India one country, one religion as it is not the intention of the BJP government. since long before India became a Hindu country.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club on Tuesday, 1st June 2023, Bah Donbok Dkhar, President of HITO, said that according to the letter, it is understood that ACHIK was written by ACHIK. which misleads the court and the nation as a whole.
Sin must first be deleted from the heart of man and thus there will be a rebirth of man.
To reveal to the world, on the gift of God, these young men, although they cannot see with their eyes, but they are educated and have jobs, where Samla Gabriel works as an Accessibility Tester in the IT Sector of Barrier Break in Mumbai, working online from Bangalore and Namika Haloi works as a Customer Care Executive at Vindhya E Info Media Private Limited, Bangalore.
The reason why Jesus came to earth was because the world was enslaved by sin and Satan and there was no other way to free mankind except through the surrender of God. God gave His Son to suffer until death on the cross.
Furthermore, Rs 7100 crore has been released to the states to complete the payments of wages and purchase of equipment.
Priyanka Chopra, one of the actresses of Bollywood and Hollywood, has also spoken about her discovery that while she is rising in life, many people are still jealous of her and will fight against her.
The Syiem of the Hima, the MDCs see the problems of the people from time to time but there is nothing to say to the villagers and the people. They all didn't blame each other.
For example, when awarding contracts for works in the constituency, they have forgotten the demand for the share.
The ground can accommodate up to 4300 people with ample parking.
Regarding the loss of ticket, the leaders of Kong Wanda alleged that it was a deception by the NPP leaders by the wealthy and they also alleged that the ticket of Bah Sohtun was through the syrngiew of the wealthy. .
At the same time, the parents of the children who passed the written test of the police examination, strongly condemned Roshan Warjri for not being able to meet them by giving them why you have an emergency meeting.
CEIR serves as a central hub for all network operators to share blacklisted mobile devices so that blacklisted devices on one network will not work on other networks even if the The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) card, said Sr DDG DoT NE LSA in Shillong today.
The woman left behind her husband who was sick and slept for a long time with her children and the body of the woman was buried this evening.
When asked whether it is a Christian school with crosses, what will the HYC do? If there is a complaint from the parents like the complaint against BK Bajoria, what will the HYC do? Those schools also have to release the children who do not want to wear that batch. “It should be given freely according to their wishes,” he said.
Handle said that when foreign vehicles come, they need to get a regional permit, a special permit to enter the state but in this state, the government has allowed them to enter the state without any permit. While vehicles traveling from one state to another state face many difficulties.
He said that the Meghalaya Games is one of the biggest sports events in the State; He also congratulated the athletes from all districts who will take part in various sports this year.
Meanwhile, UDP MDC from Shella Constituency, Bah Teiñwell Dkhar, said that the KHADC should take action and allow the former MDCs to receive their pension as many of the former MDCs have asked him to help. and to speak in the House on this matter.
The source said that the man who threatened to shoot the man is well known for his involvement in his life with the police. After receiving the complaint, they have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing.
However, at that time, the truck did not stop and at the same time, the police opened fire on the people in the truck.
He should respect and honor them as they are the ones who have appointed him as Leader.
On that day, there will also be a special closure of the market, so that the market dwellers, can witness the ceremony.
The KSU also thanked Ma Wanbor Pdang, BVKJWO Leader, Sanjoy Phonglo, General Secretary Barak Valley Tribal Rights Protection Front and others who helped in the search for the Khasi girl. Morningstar Suja, President of KSU Barak Valley Circle, Assam.
Therefore, if they want to know, there will be no problem for them if they apply through the right to information and it will also be of great benefit to them to explain to the public according to the facts.
For the convenience of the people, the Ordination Committee has set up shops in the Parish premises in Pdengshnong to sell at market prices and all the regulations relating to vehicles or shops will come into force from The ceremony will be held from 4 pm to 4 pm, said Bah Stenis Lyngdoh, Secretary of the Ordination Committee.
When God created Man, He was Perfect.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: Mawlai MDC Teiborlang Pathaw, who is the candidate of the National People's Party (NPP), on Tuesday said that he will contest the MLA election from the National People's Party (NPP). The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government has listened and respected him as a leader regardless of whether he belongs to one party.
When the day comes, the star turns into a shini.
It is surprising that in those years there were Christians who preached that the world was near.
“This is a lack of compassion for others,” Barla said.
I would like to know more about this hospital.
Congratulating Modi, Prime Minister Amit Shah, BJP President JP Nadda and others, Sai said, “As Prime Minister I will try to fulfill the promises of the Prime Minister.
After the discovery of the stone, Rupang went to Lyngkyrdem village to meet with the elders of the village and also the elderly to investigate about the stone.
Of course there is no law against giving the name of any person in India, but remember the great work of your fellow Paradoh before you remember others.
Do you have a Government that doesn't hear that?
The teaching of eternal life entered the lives of the Jews after their deliverance from Babylon.
The 12 players who will hold the top spot will have the opportunity to represent the district in the 46th State A Chess Championship 2023 to be held at Umsning, Ri-Bhoi District on the 14th and 15th of November.
He also explained that in the past two years when Covid 19 has arrived in the state, the environment has started to clean up but these days the environment and the surrounding areas have become cleaner. began to get dirty again.
The HITO leaders in the meeting with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, also sought clarification on the issuance of NoC by the R&R Colony Welfare Society to foreigners to obtain Trading License from the KHADC. to set up shops in different parts of the boundary of Rynjah.
There are many things that the District Council cannot pass laws on land, forests, water, agriculture and so on. this is your power.
On the part of the tyngshop and producer of the film, Bah Phira and Kong Tracy, they congratulated the audience who came to support the film by witnessing it at the cinema and urged the audience not to copy. stealing mobile phones or doing anything else illegal.
We have parties that spend tens of crores just to advertise, we also have parties that call for change only during elections and so on.
But if drug arrests seem to be happening all the time, that means we have already lost the fight against this thorny and dangerous war.
The Saudi Premier League (SPL) is one of the leading leagues in the country as it has a talented and strong team along with the presence of talented players from Arabs, however, need more innovation in them in terms of sports.
He suggested that the students of the state should register themselves with the Student Registration System of the Government of India which will start soon.
Agartala: Three new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Tripura, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
A truck driver and two followers were robbed by two robbers on the night of 2nd June 2023 at about 10:30 or 11 pm near Marten in Mawïong. .
She said that if the MDA government has not been able to provide schools across the state, it should not be too late to introduce a new education policy in the state.
Thank you all.
Nongpoh, Naitung 20: The University of Science and Technology today inaugurated another Block at the University of Science and Technology in the name of Dr. DD Lapang, former Chief Minister of Meghalaya and former Chief Minister of Meghalaya. The Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Dr DD Lapang Block was inaugurated by Dr DD Lapang as the chief guest.
In the first half, Germany scored the first goal through Illkay Gundogan in the 33rd minute (penalty) but Japan turned the tide in the 75th minute. night through Ritsu Doan.
Sharma said Rahul Gandhi had also spoken in Parliament on one of the most important issues and that is the Adani Scam, the embezzlement of money by the company, but the company has received The Congress party and other opposition parties have demanded a special inquiry into the corruption. The Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) was invited to look into the matter, but it was not allowed.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Sylvester Nongtnger, said that the investigation shows that the children went together to the scene because they knew each other.
Hima Minister Shanbor Sohtun was the Chief Guest and Powell Sohkhlet, General Secretary Shillong Press Club, was the Chief Guest.
In another development, police said they have arrested four other groups today and said that the group is planning to form a new rebel group in Lum Garo.
You can also take action if they don't comply.
The TMC leaders also explained that the failure of the MDA Government to create job opportunities has left 37% of the youth unemployed in the state.
If it is according to my understanding and vision, then it should have accepted the statement of the AITC according to the second main point mentioned above.
Also present on the occasion were the Border Magistrate, B.Blah, and the DSP of West Jaintia Hills District.
Total 772 candidates have passed the Jugali post but 290 candidates have been employed.
One of the reasons for the introduction of this Act is because the governments are sitting in fear only because MLAs/MPs want to become ministers and party members move from one party to another just to be appointed ministers.
To take jaid from Shynrang in the Khasi thought is like selling our own customs and traditions which we have inherited from our ancestors.
During his childhood, he said that he had no friends and used to walk alone without friends in remote places and in the forest, but when he was 10 years old he started taking care of himself. He used to treat his illness with herbal medicines and he used to go to the river every day as part of his exercise, and he did so every day and gradually his illness improved and now he was like other young brothers, his hands and feet and his way of speaking were right.
U Bah Jyllud has been arrested several times for robbery and robbery of houses at night to rob and rob women who are sleeping.
The income of other members of the House in JHADC is as follows.
Shillong: The State Government has paid T.20 crore to the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC).
Regarding the smoking of cigarettes, Mawdoh said that the law has not yet included it in this rule.
With regard to central schemes, the state government under the leadership of the NPP has been balanced.
Dear child, please don't fall in front of him, because he doesn't have a husband yet,” said George.
“Don't forget the lessons you learn here and try to use them to improve your skills," she added.
“Other villages near and around Sohra fall under the border map, why doesn't Sohra fall under,” said Dr Don.
Shillong, June 23: The Khasi Jaintia Welfare Association (KJWA) through its Career Counseling Committee (KJWA) has conducted a recruitment training for the youth at Lyngkyrdem village for two schools including Seng Khasi Secondary School and Khad. and Blang Secondary School on the 21st of June.
This is the explanation given by them, in connection with the rumor in recent days, that a doctor of the hospital has tested positive for coronavirus.
Romain Philippoteaux scored the second goal in the 36th minute.
Khliehriat, Lber 23: Speaking at the World Water Day program organized by the District Water and Sanitation Mission (DWAM) at St Anthony's College Extension, Byn Dihati, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Minister and MLA. He said that there has been an increase in the number of drinking water treatment plants in East Jaintia Hills District which have been able to deliver water to the households and shops. Water sources should be maintained to provide water for the needs of life.
There were 16,042 reaches and 5,641 engagements.
“The executive committee will consider the laws to register land,” he said.
He said that besides tourism, the residents have now started cultivating tympew as one of their sources of income especially as this crop is good in these sharing hills and farmland of this country. old village.
In fact, the Office of the Director of School Education & Literacy has just sent the approval letter of the teachers who have been appointed and has directed the DSEO to appoint these teachers immediately.
Therefore, the necessary reason is to discipline ourselves in worldly thought, to hold fast to our language and to study the traditional Khasi thought which has been around since before the emergence of religious thought.
Furthermore, the training was distributed to 12,000 youths at 60 campuses in 12 districts.
“I am pleased to announce that Meghalaya is the first state in the North East and perhaps the third state in the country to have a Mental Health Policy which will come into force once it receives the Mental Health Policy. approval in the Cabinet," he said while talking to media.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 30: The office of the Forest Department in Nongstoin West Khasi Hills District, this morning, was set on fire by unidentified robbers. They also tried to destroy the office using a light bulb.
Happy New Year to you allFrom the office of Mawphor.
“Our people can no longer be in Manipur,” said 10 tribal MLAs on Tuesday.
On the other hand, President Bah Shangpliang congratulated Bah Prestone on this demand of the union and said that the union is ready to cooperate with the government for any project that will benefit the farmers. .
The BJP has claimed the support of 170 MLAs. It may be recalled that Fadnavis was sworn in by the Governor, BS Koshyari, on Sunday morning. Last Saturday, which was held at 7.30 pm and the Presidential rule was removed at 5.47 pm.
The SP said that the missing vehicle was found in a dense forest area near the village connecting Rogu Alda village under Rongjeng PS, East Garo Hills.
Also present on the occasion was the MLA of Sohra Constituency, Bah Titos Chyne, President of the union, Bah Ryngkatlang Lyndem. General Secretary Bah Willfling Shabong and other members.
They said they are against the UCC because the Church does not approve of the attempt to impose the beliefs, customs and traditions of one religion on others through the UCC. Article 25 of the Constitution empowers all religions to conduct their own affairs,” said the Lyngdohsad.
The Minister said that in order to save the waters, rivers and forests from destruction, the Forest Department will not issue licenses to people who want to mine or quarry stone especially in areas where there are rivers or forests. the waters that the people drink.
We also apologize for insulting Nongmynsong.
The Special Judge of the NIA, Shillong has sent a letter of appearance to the leaders of the HNLC. Mr. Bobby Marweiñ.
“The MPCC has no intention of giving ticket to anyone, the decision of Bah Ronnie to contest the MP election is his own decision, maybe he has talked to some of the party leaders, I “It is clear that the party has no intention of giving tickets to anyone,” said Dr Lapang.
It will be available in 2024.
Therefore, regarding this village which is also a village which has started to be famous for the annual visit of Kbeit Amur Falcon, the RBTEDE urges the state government to think carefully about the This village, so that it will be of great benefit to the people of this village and the area as a whole.
For example, the fare from Pynursla to Shillong is T.200 to T.250 (which is only 50 km from Shillong in Pynursla).
Shillong, Naitung 5: On the last day and hour of the orientation program for journalists in Shillong, Shri Raashid Alvi Adviser, Bureau of Parliamentary Studies and Training, explained the hour of orientation to journalists. He said that the existence of a clean government in the state or the country is a great benefit and income.
Responding to the BSF's claim that there are 39 terrorist bases in Bangladesh, the Bangladesh Army (BGB) has denied that there are Indian terrorist bases in the country. that Bangladesh relies on relations with India.
Conrad K Sangma said the states should have the power to declare health in the states and also to set up zones as part of the prevention of the corona virus.
However, the teacher from 18Mer village, who knew about the incident, got into the auto to send it to Byrnihat, but when she reached the place where she She told the driver to stop, but he didn't stop.
He said that as a man who has served the people for 25 years, in the post of MDC he has contested five times winning three times and losing two times. There are no development projects in Nangbah Constituency, but as of now, this Constituency has been neglected too much in development projects.
The Minister said that this meeting with the employees of 108 is only to discuss with them to assure them that we are concerned about the future of their jobs. them on the steps they must do and complete.
“As a government employee I have given the best service and I have been very happy with my service and now I want to continue to serve the people through politics,” he said.
He said that according to the voice, it has been heard that the demand for ILP in the state is only for the civil society and not for the political parties and the government. faithful to the state.
He said that the land allocated for T.9.5 lakh has been allocated for the land, the road to the Catholic cemetery has been completed.
Moodymmai scored 114 runs in 20 overs for the loss of nine wickets.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Roads) Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that the damage to roads and bridges has been severe due to the heavy rains in the state. other.
“We have waited for more than 2 hours as promised by the minister to give a written promise to increase the salary but until now we have not received anything and therefore, we cannot stay here on the road because it is late like the “We will leave and hold a meeting tomorrow to take a decision,” said June.
The SP said that these people had also tried to intimidate by using the name of the rebel group but after investigation they were not members of any rebel group.
Therefore, as he came to join the NPP, Bah Donkupar Sumer in front of the NPP leaders said that if the NPP comes back to power, it should build the Central Agricultural University and not the Central Agricultural University. He added that the College of Agriculture will benefit the farmers, the youth and the state as a whole.
Berries and berries: There are many varieties of these berries, especially bueberries and walnuts, which are good for the brain.
“Speaking to media, referring to the inquiry report of Justice T.Vaiphei which was presented on the opening day of the Synrai Dorbar of the State Legislative Assembly on Thursday, Dr. Mukul said, “When you look at this report, there are two things.
KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah said that the KSU stands firmly on the ground to protect the country and the nation. He said that the KSU is still monitoring the railway, uranium, illegal entry of foreigners and other issues.
The people who came to take part in the distribution were also kept at a distance of 1 meter from each other as directed by the government.
The Unit Leaders who attended the program were Pet Dhar, Julius Lyngdoh, Carefully Gassah, Teilangki Rymbai, Sonniwel Shylla and Adiam Bthuh. The Scouts Masters and Guides Captains were Caredaline Kharbhih, Barisha Muthoh, Morinda Myrphet, Gregorisa Sana, Aidasuk Warlarpih, Stamlish Hinge, Sngi Hadia, Barisha Muthoh, Siami Shylla, Lamisakani Dkhar. Marjuri Thma's wife.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 20 : The family of a child, who has been disabled and blind in both eyes since birth, has been unable to stand until he is old enough. 28-year-old Jangson Jongske Sangma of Nunmati village near Langja-Athiabari road, whose mother and father died when he was three years old.
In the Javelin Throw U-16yrs (Girls), Bawanrisuk Nongkhar of Manai Sec School won the gold medal, Milsika Syiem of St. Joseph High School won the silver medal and Attiewris of St. Joseph High School won the silver medal. Nongthliew High School won the bronze medal.
Any order, report or petition to be repealed shall also be approved by the Legislative Assembly and signed by the Governor of the State and shall be issued to the Dulirsorkar.
Bah Pynshngain resigned from the post of CEM after losing the majority of MDCs who supported him.
The SAFF is also convinced that the health and safety of the public should come first.
We are pleased that the spirit of cooperation of the neighbors and the village authorities has enabled them to rescue these children from the earthquake,” said Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh.
Stressing on the ease of implementation, Thakur said that the process of promoting the media, which used to take 2-3 years, can now be completed within 60 days.
The symptoms of TB are a fever that lasts for more than two weeks, fever, night sweats and weight loss.
Dr A War, Director of Health Services, said that the number of people who have been in high risk contact with the BSF soldier who tested positive yesterday is very high. , is still going on.
“Not a single teacher is against this.
Anyone who has information about illegal coal mining and transportation can call or visit the nearest police station, the check gate at the DMR or the Divisional Mining Officer. the officer is borderline.
The persecution of the villages and people living in the border areas has been in the north and south of our Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
The petition and appeal of Ma Edwingson Bareh was written in English as follows: tradition are one and the same people.
However, in the midst of the efforts to preserve the mother tongue, there is an issue of incorrect or incomplete characters used in the mother tongue, or there are also different meanings of words that are newly born. and it is very difficult to translate them into one's own language.
“When we do anything, we don't think carefully, we don't just do it,” he said.
This forest is a source of income for us by our ancestors who had a vision to preserve the drinking water and the plants, the wild trees, the shrubs, the wild animals such as the soh brap. , the fig tree, the fig tree, the pomegranate, the fig tree, the fig tree, the fig tree, the pen tree, and all the flowers of the field that grow in their seasons.
Shillong, June 24: The Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, on Tuesday expressed his appreciation for the work of the MDA Government in the past four years and praised the leadership of Conrad Kongkal Sangma as the Chief Minister of the State. many issues affecting the State.
Therefore, I urge and request the Government led by the Chief Minister Shri.Conrad K.Sangma to pay the Arear which is still pending so that we can use it especially at this time. Christmas so that we can pay for our needs.
We hope that Kong Nongrang will give her best to the state so that it will be better than in the past.
Explaining the delay in the distribution of aid especially to the children, Bah Shylla said, “The delay in the distribution of aid to the refugees is because the officers have to follow the rules and regulations. put.
The drivers of the vehicles said that the traffic police did not say anything and if the traffic police arrest them, they will have to stop but it is difficult to stay at home. and struggling to make ends meet at home.
Speaking in the House, Dr Mukul said he is concerned about the relationship between a powerful person and a person accused of involvement in drug trafficking.
He said that today the Education Commissioner and together with him, have already met with the leaders of the Seng nongshet lunch for the students to discuss their demands.
In a petition submitted to the Minister today, KSU South West Khasi President Forward Nongrem and General Secretary Trulywell Lyngdoh said that the state government has refused to issue NOC to the KHADC for the construction of the KHADC. The road has been a source of concern for the people of the area who have been waiting for a good road.
On the 31st, we will have a men's and women's football and basketball tournament at St. Anthony's Ground, Laitumkhrah.
Will the lives of these children end like this? When I asked these children why they dropped out of school, the answer was, “Because my parents don't support me anymore.
According to police sources, the incident happened this morning at Tiehsaw, where Biangkupar, who is also her ex-husband, stabbed her in the head with a knife. she was seriously injured and died soon after.
According to the order, no one is allowed to enter these containment areas except the health workers and those who have received permission from the Incident Commanders in charge of these villages.
The PWD (R) Western Circle through the SE said that the collapse has also caused this part of the road to collapse about 10 and a half feet. The victim was about 50 meters away.
Nongbet, who is from Umsohsun Shillong, has two children and congratulates her husband for encouraging her in this competition.
That is exactly what happened because it was revealed by God to Daniel and this is happening to this day and forever.
The DC was headed by Retired Judge of the District Council Dr S Kharsyiemlieh and members included Dr SL Marbaniang ex MLA, R. Myrboh Retired Teacher, Dr DRL Nonglait Prof NEHU (English) The Committee will consider 15 writings received from the villages requesting to be relocated from one constituency to another.
The girl left the house wearing a pink jacket and a blue sweater.
In the MSL 2019, Shillong Lajong beat Rangdajied on penalties to win the title but this time Rangdajied beat Rangdajied in the semi final to qualify for the final.
Darbhanga: A student who sat for his undergraduate examination at Lalit Narayan Mithila University (LNMU) in Darbhanga district of Bihar has scored 151 out of 100 marks in one of his subjects.
This is the fifth year after Meghalaya turned 50 years old.
“We doctors, as well as the hospital, must give life to the patients.
Sohmynting SC has won the 1st Division Football Tournament for the Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy
42-year-old Kim in previous years attended the festival with her siblings and brother as well as her late husband and this year the well-dressed Kim at in connection with this, she will not be able to participate because she and her relatives have not been invited.
He also urged all to bring about a change in their thinking, by focusing on the abilities of those with disabilities through the talents that God has given them.
“This is not corruption, how dare you say that it will be corruption, what kind of corruption is Dr Mukul talking about, because all the work has gone as it should have gone, in which the investigation “It was done by the district authorities, not by me or Conrad,” said Prestone.
On Tuesday, the residents of Khanduli village broke down a signboard erected by the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) as a sign of strong opposition to the construction of the hill gate. the treasury of Candlestick.
As soon as they met, the miaw greeted the rakot, “Greetings, noble sir, I have heard of your great reputation that you are very great.
Do this four times a day for best results.
It is also the first time that the match will be played in the evening at the stadium and the first time that these two teams will meet.
He said that they have sent him a letter to clarify, but he has not yet received a reply, on the grounds that how can he go and do it by himself who is in charge of one district when they have doctors from Ribhoi. District under the jurisdiction of DVO Nongpoh.
He also recalled his childhood days when Bah Paul Lyngdoh used to listen to the songs of Bah Tanbor, and later as a young KSU leader he remembered Bah Daminot J Wankhar and Kong Adlyne Khonglam who used to listen to the songs of Bah Tanbor. sang in the songbook of the organization, and this time they received an award.
The JCCRP said that the current special quota is too much for the Khasi and Jaintia, where the Khasi and Jaintia have to share only 40% while the Garo gets 40% and 20%. % to others.
However, even though they have converted to other foreign religions, they still enjoy Schedule Tribe status.
The NPP, which has 20 MLAs in Meghalaya, four in Manipur and the NPP, has worked with the BJP government in Manipur. there can be no danger.
“Regarding the State Government's arrangement of the border with Assam, Bah Antonio said that he cannot just look at what they are doing without consulting with the KHADC. , land owners and villages and himas where the leaders of these organizations have not commented on this issue.
According to SIPRI, in India, the demand for ammunition and explosives has increased due to disagreements with Pakistan and China.
Referring to the people, as part of their support for the protest, to demand the amendment of the reservation policy, the people across the region have turned to the homes of their leaders to urge them to talk. on the Reservation Policy.
“We cannot identify them as affected areas without conducting a thorough inspection.
They also alleged that after the fire, the school authorities did not lodge an FIR with the police.
The tournament was concluded with the presence of Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, President of the Ri Bhoi District Cricket Association, as the chief guest. , Rangbah Shnong of Byrnihat Proper, Samla Vigyan Kharkongngor, President of Friend Forever Youth Club and other elders of Byrnihat area.
In another development, the Jaintia Journalists Association (JJA) has strongly condemned the shooting of two journalists by Balen Thubru; Ruhi Phawa, reporter of Ri-Luk & Rupang and D. Paul Lamare, cameraperson of Ri-Luk on the 10th night at 9:30 pm at Soomer West Jaintia Hills.
There have been 94,372 new cases of Covid-19 in India in the past 24 hours.
In the second innings, Ronghona managed to score only 76 runs for the loss of all wickets in 18 overs and led Amjok to beat Ronghona by 59 runs. to become the winner of this tournament.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Meghalaya has not yet taken a final decision on the candidates for the Lok Sabha elections 2024 despite four to five candidates applying for tickets.
Since the initial preparation, the solar street light project has been completed within 14 days at a cost of T.9 lakh.
Vincent said the Congress will have to work hard to ensure that those who join the party do not lose their shares and that is why the Congress wants to invite MLAs/MDCs without being able to ensure. that they may receive victory.
The College has invited NESFAS and Charlotte Milbank, a PhD researcher from the University of Cambridge, to participate in the programme.
The UDP is likely to win from Nongkrem, Mairang and Pariong, while the HSPDP will win from Rambrai, the Congress from Sohiong and the NCP from Laban. private candidate.
The deceased were from East Khasi Hills and West Garo Hills districts.
In July 2020, during the first edition of Amazon Smbhav, the company pledged to digitally transform about 10 million MSMEs, which will help bring in up to $10 billion. the ability to export goods and create up to 20 lakh jobs (2 million) in India by
Through this occasion, the MLA also distributed a Work Order of T.3 lakh and solar systems to the Nongpoh Village Council for the construction of the Iing Dorbar Shnong. and every city for peace in the night season.
In the second half, although the chance for Mawkhar SC to stay in the Super Division has ended next season, Mawkhar SC didn't back down and fought hard. .
He said the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra aims to take forward government schemes and benefits to those who have been left behind.
Shillong: The Seng Khasi Kmie will hold its 10th Annual 'Kiew Pyneh Rngiew' at the top of Lum Sohpetbneng on the 4th of this month.
In response to these difficulties and concerns, the leaders of the Raid Mynsaw later decided to get a stronger ruling power by uniting with the Syiem of Rambrai.
“To serve the people, you need to work together as a team,” she said.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Pynskhemborlang K Sawian, one of the plaintiffs against the High Court's decision to dismiss the Rangbah Shnongs in Ri Khasi Jaintia, said that the On his part, he has a strong hope that the judgment will be on their side.
In addition to the presence of social networks such as Facebook, Twitter and others, children can also use other sites that can mislead and disrupt their young minds and brains.
According to this order, it is prohibited to quarry stone from sharing lum and khat or tong shyiap from the bottom of the rivers without permission or license to do so or without permission from the relevant authorities.
In my frequent association with Westerners who take Jait Kpa, when I say that Khasi take Jait Kmie, their understanding is “Wow! Wow! A Woman's Paradise where Women Rule.
“This scheme is not only for any religious group but for all religious groups,” he said.
Indians abroad have decided to come to India to campaign and support Kejriwall's party after Indians living in the United States gathered in India. Shillong, November 8: A group of Process Sawkmie, known as the AAP, has decided to join hands with the AAP. The Mawlai People's Development Forum (MPDF) has decided to support the KHNAM in the MDC elections from Mawlai constituency to be held in June,
At this meeting, the SNSBH also invited the leaders of women's organizations to attend the meeting along with the village officials.
Shillong: There have been 576 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 510 recoveries.
The Chief Secretary on Monday convened a meeting of government officials to maintain law and order and to take measures to prevent the robbers who disrupt the law and order.
Who can blame us when we have received a gift of goods or money of only 500, 1000 or more and when counted it costs only T.2/- per month.
They have a vision and protect the land of the state, and have an understanding of their own culture.
Rev Soliya who was invited as the chief guest also gave a sermon from the Word of God.
I think for five years the people of the State have seen the work they do and how they earn money and the problems they face,” said the Minister.
Later such accusations are often found to be untrue.
Members of Mottock Yuba Chatra Parishad and residents of Dirak seized and handed over two trucks bearing Registration Number AS 23BC 8688/3 JCB AS 23CC 5945 to the Kakopathar Range while these vehicles were trying to start mining in the Dirak-Hahkati-Kumsang Reserve Forest.
Shillong, November : U Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, MDC Mawlai on Tuesday handed over the CC Motorable Road to the residents of Tariang A, Mawiong Umjapung.
It took him more than a month to meet the employer.
“Many doctors I have spoken to about the COVID-19 vaccine have explained.
When the debate started to heat up, it was seen that Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem turned back and asked Bah Albinus to remove the allegation of insulting the MDCs. Bah Albinus stood up and said “I withdraw those statements of mine".
These families include Eilis Siangshai, Kalmis Siangshai, Nita Siangshai, Wadlad Siangshai, Merity Siangshai, Theimon Siangshai, Phoida Siangshai, Faithlymon Siangshai, Dearlimon Rymbai, Fida Sadamon Siangshai, Iaangshai.
Other demands include the provision of an ambulance with a new X-ray Machine, Ultrasound Machine, the increase of Medical Staff and Nurses at the PHC. The building & infrastructure requires a waiting room, Emergency Room, Labor Room, Storage Room and tier equipment for Delivery Kits (HIV/Non-HIV) and Assist Vacuum Delivery.
However, the English word bank for phudwah or bank for what is done with faith should not be mixed with the same word because in the Khasi language there are no other words.
“It is incomprehensible to describe in words what you see, the world, when you look from the sky and you can't wait long to see that you too will reach there,” he said. He also congratulated his team, which has worked hard for 17 years, to achieve this goal.
Besides DD Lapang, others present were Zenith Sangma, MLA, AL Hek, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Winner Sangma, Manstudy Nongrem and many Congress MDCs.
According to the RTI, the insecticide was purchased at a price of T.5000/- tyngka each while the lowest market price was only T.2000 tyngka.
She said that this Act works for the protection and promotion of health, it also works for the purpose of equality and impartiality in the provision of appropriate health services especially in the aspect of mental health.
Because thou hast rejected knowledge, I (God) will also reject thee, that thou shalt be no priest to me.
I also extend my blessings and prayers to God the Lord, the Creator from above, that this annual Behdeinkhlam Niam in Jowai will be held. to be smooth, prosperous, stable, stable and successful and that the people of the Bri u Hynniewtrep-Hynñiew Wasa of this Mei-ramew shall enjoy good health. I'm strong, I'm happy, I'm happy, I know man, I know God, here on earth.
The governments of Assam and Nagaland have also decided to resolve the border between the two states with the consent and peace of both sides.
The Cabinet also approved to increase the price of diesel by shipiah (50 paise), and the Minister said that the difference in the price of petrol is T.6.23 between Guwahati and Guwahati. The price of petrol in Khanapara, Meghalaya.
The land tenure system in Khasi Jaintia is the owner of the land, private land, community land, clan land and clan land. Raj land of the Hima Syiems and so on in which the people are the owners of the land.
Mawkyrwat, June 13: The Seng Khasi Jakrem District in collaboration with the Seng Khasi Jakrem, will hold a Shad Suk Mynsiem on the 17th and 18th June, .
Perhaps this government has known its duty to lead the people, but the people have not understood where the MDA is leading.
The union also handed over to Hek a report showing that the fish imported from Andhra Pradesh have proved that they do not contain formalin.
“In Nongrah, when I took the PHE officers to look into the water shortage, the officers said that they will take action when phase-4 is implemented.
It is located near the crematorium, the smoke from the atoskhana falls around this place.
He praised Edmundian Rice, founder of the Christian Brothers, who turned 200 years old.
This means that in one year, you can plant and harvest up to four times.
He divided them into forty kinds.
He was speaking during his visit to China to strengthen trade relations between China and Brazil.
Bruce, who is also in charge of Laitumkhrah Market, said that the permit is for private individuals who own shops in the market and at the same time, they have been directed to get the approval of the Municipal. and from police departments as well.
He said the BJP will not sit idly by on this issue and will even inform the central government on this issue.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The MDC elections to be held in about two months may not be the same as the 2009 MDC elections.
To investigate further, the dorbar has conducted an inquiry and invited each household to come forward to verify how many people in the household and whether they have children. was involved in the incident with this person.
Eastern West Khasi Hills scored the third goal in the 24th minute through Arki Mawlong.
And throughout India animals were believed to be messengers and witnesses of the gods.
On the other hand, these new leaders, whether it is Ardent Basaiawmoit, Vice President of the HSPDP, or Witting Mawsor, one of the leaders of the HSPDP, or KP Pangniang, have not been appointed. Ardent said that he does not feel the need to demand Article 371, which is another issue to strengthen the State of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Rangbah Shnong of Kench's Trace Oxford Rilbong, Bah Glanding Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the village is not aware of the problem of water supply and electricity supply to the residents of Maxwelton Estate. who will stay in the area.
As the debate progressed, the opponents expressed their views.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek today held a meeting with the management of GVK Company and members of the Meghalaya EMRI Worker Union.
Every five years the people can thnum against the government, but when the elections come, the thnum of opposition to the government disappears only during the elections.
The training for the climbers which lasted for 28 days started from 19th March to 15th November this month.
Recently, the Cabinet has approved the implementation of the Chief Minister's Solar Mission in the State.
Shillong: The implementation of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS) Phase III by the PHE department has not been able to complete the project on time due to the difficulty in running the water pipes.
Speeches were also delivered by the EM in charge of the Law Department of the District Council, Rona Khymdeit, who congratulated the people who came to accompany Bah Adelbert.
Shillong, November 22 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has urged the people to celebrate Christmas and New Year without any fear of COVID-1 who are self-controlled and protect themselves when they take part in these celebrations.
It is said that Syiem Tirot Singh attacked Bordwar in November 1828 but the British troops blocked their way.
Many of them have set up shops, many of them have married Khasi girls, many of them have settled in the villages.
He said that this month the Government will convene a meeting to discuss the documents and the orders from the Court.
Suddenly another truck hit the vehicle from behind and hit another truck parked in front of it until it collided and the driver died on the spot while the girl was injured. give birth.
Jowai, Nailur 12: The Executive Member (EM) of JHADC in charge of Market Department, Eveningstar Teron today inaugurated the office of the Managing Committee of Namdong Market. The office was built at a cost of about 2 lakh tyngka by the Managing Committee.
The Principal also requested the parents of the children to check the website of the school so that the children will not miss any of the lessons.
Luckyman Kynjing who won the 2nd Meghalaya Body Building Championship 2022 Under 5'4′′ was also present.
Many protesters were seriously injured in the firing by the CRP police. The protest in the district was held on the demand for the creation of a Sub Division in Tihu in which thousands of people turned out. to block the road on the National Highway-3
Meanwhile, Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh said it is unfair of the government to unemploy the youth who have passed.
The Assam government has also decided to appoint a Judicial Inquiry Commission headed by a retired judge of the Guwahati High Court and has decided to pay compensation of Rs 5 lakh to the families of the victims. shot dead.
“On this occasion, we will ensure that the UDP will return to show our gratitude to Bah HDR Lyngdoh (bam kwai ha dwar u Blei) for his contributions to the constituency and also to them as the UDP. “It's a good idea to have a family in those years when he was MLA of Sohiong,” said Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
The death toll has risen to 18 and the total number of cases has risen to 2,8
On the other hand, the MDC said that he will continue to work for the people and the people should not hesitate if they need him.
Indeed, it is truly honorable to have such incidents and human understanding, even among us Christians, we have special prayers and fellowship with such people.
Bora said that in Assam, the media has played a major role since before independence and therefore the government should look after the local and regional media. entirely, allowing them to be able to gain strength during this somewhat difficult time.
Nongstoin, Nailur 15: On Saturday morning at 4.30 AM, robbers set fire to the office of the Nehru Yuva Kendra (NYK) in Nongstoin, about 100 meters from the residence of the Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya. West Khasi Hills.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that the opening of roads is one of the ways to bring about development in the area.
Riki MukhimThe infiltration of Bangladeshis into India is not the first time but it has happened in the past, but this time it has increased until the whole of War Jaintia has been destroyed.
To improve the forests, he sent a letter to the Central Government to allow Meghalaya to allocate 10% for the improvement of private forests.
Seven political parties including KSU, JSM, JSU, EJNC, FKJGP, HANM and HNYF have demanded that the Khliehriat MLA and Minister of State, Kyrmen Shylla should suspend the transfer of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills. Hills District and Bah Ethelbert Kharmalki.
In this regard, the EE, PWD since last year has sent a scheme under RIDF 22 for the construction of the road at a cost of not less than Rs 10 crore including three. He said that the road can be improved only from Mawlangsu to Phutumbah but from Phutumbah to Mawthungmarwei.
Shillong, Naitung 29 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the police have not violated the law and have not harassed BJP members but what they have done is in accordance with the law. He said that those whose names have been revealed after the raid on the residence of Bernard Marak in Rimpu Bagan will be investigated.
In ancient Arabia, different groups of people had their own gods to worship and at the same time they believed that there was another God who was above all gods and that God, the children of Israel or the Jews called Yahweh, the God who created the heavens and the earth and made all these things.
Shillong, March 28: The night blockade by the Sengbhalang has been arrested in connection with a case of attempted robbery of a truck and attempted murder of employees at NEHU. The curfew will start from 7 pm to 5 pm on the 29th of March and will end on the 31st of March.
He said that the village authorities have also witnessed this, and the MLA has urged the PWD officials to monitor the work related to the bridge. it remained unfinished for decades.
“There is no wise man, no fool, without hard work nothing is lost.” 87 pigs have died in Lumsen village, Lunglei District, which falls under the border of the state with Bangladesh.
It is learned that they had a meeting with Bah Vincent Pala in the presence of Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit and there they decided to come forward to support the Congress candidate Bah Vincent Pala. His vision is that only the Congress party can provide special protection to our Bri u Hynniewtrep and the state as a whole.
Therefore, the players of these two countries in the tournament will also be eligible for the Grand Slam in November, if those players compete as candidates who are not biased towards any party. country and to comply with the rules and regulations.
He said that on 21st July, 2016 he brought a resolution on the incident at Mawshbuit which clashed with the Gorkha 58 GTC in October The dorbar said that he had said that he would call for a meeting but he did not call, and for not calling, Bah Pyniaid said that he had to lead the Rangbah Shnongs and the people to the CEM's office. “But until now he has not done anything, our term of office is only two years. What is the answer to give to the people? Only the MUDA issue, only the Rangbah Shnong issue is enough,” said Bah Pyniaid.
The PRIME Hub already has its own office in Thadlaskeiñ C&RD Block and the newly opened PRIME Hub has training centres, a workshop and a cold storage to store goods. light from the light.
She said the government has decided to drop all 90 cases filed against the leaders of the ILP protesters involved in the ILP protest. the Court, the law shall be fair to all without discrimination against anyone.
If the BJP is also in the opposition, it will do whatever is necessary,” he said.
It is reported that until now there is a reluctance or fear of many to give injections, not only in the rural areas, but also in the urban areas.
New Zealand's Henry Nicholls, who has moved up two places to 69th in the batsmen's rankings, and teammate Will Young, who has moved up 60 places to 143rd after winning to lead the team to a 2-0 win against Sri Lanka.
He said that these types of programs are important to spread the message about TB so that the public knows the signs and symptoms of the disease and to encourage the public not to ignore or ignore those who but to encourage them to take medicines and eat healthy foods to avoid the disease.
“We cannot say anything on this yet,” said Bah Witting Mawsor when asked what steps the party has taken for these two MDCs whom the party has sought clarification from.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 30: Ka PS Diengdoh, BPD, AMTA from the District Agriculture Office, South West Khasi Hills District in a meeting to discuss the issue of agriculture in Shaid Shaid Umoid village, reminded that if the Farmers who want to improve their agriculture need the cooperation of all parties from government departments, the villagers and others.
The destruction of the Temple affected the rainfall and caused a terrible storm.
After these incidents, the family members of the woman who had been involved in the robbery did not dare to share because they were afraid of the threat of the robber, but only after the police The family members of the woman have come forward to report the incident to the Dorbar Shnong and also to the Sengbhalang of the village. Afterwards.
Chairman and Secretary of the Market Managing Committee, Wahiajer, Kmen Shylla and W Phawa announced that the market will start twice a month from the 20th of November. month at 11 pm and all market visitors and vendors are requested to come from the beginning as they usually come to Pynsiñ Market.
Furthermore, the Seng Samla, according to the petition sent to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, has requested him to take action to suspend the supply of electricity to the Assam government from the 13th of this month. 1st November 2022 in these border villages, that as Khasi villages they oppose and want this electricity distribution should come from the Meghalaya government.
Helping create employment opportunities for the youth of the state is a priority now, and companies like [2
James called on all stakeholders and village leaders to come forward to assist the government in this project to improve the water supply.
It would be good if the Central Agency should conduct an investigation so that the people involved in the project or the incident can be punished,” he added.
The cost of paying salaries to less than 300 employees has reached about T.70 lakh per month.
He said the Inquiry Committee will only give its opinion and inform the government and the government will consider that information before taking any action. The public will also be informed of the findings of the investigation.
(2022).
Speaking to reporters and Rupang, Kong Angela said that if you look at the bus stop, you can see that even if you look at it with your own eyes, you can see the torti. .
These include EGH: 12, EJH: 01, EKH: 70, NGH: 11, RBD: 71, SGH: 03, SWGH: 08, SWKH: 06, WGH: 16, WJH: 45 and WKH:
Do they want to go to work in the past when they have passed highly qualified?
“At present, we have not received a new synsar, we have bought the synsar that people stock and every day we have been able to buy 10 trucks,” said Das.
The meeting was chaired by Wellson President RD Siangshai in the presence of General Secretary Suni Bareh, Vice President Donkupar Roy Kharkrang, Shyning Shylla Organizing Secretary and others.
We must not wait until God brings down greater ones.
“A man wearing a Pheran (long robe) came from the Matipora side and when he saw a group of soldiers gathered at the place where they were supposed to check, he tried to to flee but the army chased and beat him when they found and arrested him,” said the police.
The National Courts and District Council Courts are also established under the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
In his opinion, Bah Ronnie said that the government's intention to help the farmers by distributing piglets will not be successful if measures cannot be taken to prevent deaths. of pigs in the state.
However, if the peace talks fail, the Seng leaders should return without any harassment or intimidation if they are in any place designated by the government.
The installation of these Radium Reflectors will help in the visibility of oncoming vehicles at night or during the day.
After preparing for the FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup in Jamshedpur, the tournament will be part of the preparations for the FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup scheduled to be held from 11th March .
At the same time, they demanded that the government should follow the same procedure as it was done until appointment of nurses who are not trained by the government.
"I can't wait to start my new life in Paris," said the 34-year-old.
Therefore, as a party that respects its leader, we will fight to achieve our goal,” said the Sohra MDC on the issue of Sohra district.
The life and death of the state depends on food security.
The Rangbah is the head of the family.
He said that this competition will promote tourism, will also help to encourage the youth of Jaintia Hills and at the same time it is also a campaign to be careful in driving so that apart from any accidents.
First of all, we see that Mukroh has been arrested at Jrikyndeng Police Station, West Karbi Anglong.
He also alleged that the BJP's action is only a political ploy.
This experience of the nation is the persecution or persecution in one's own country.
Sangma also showed some of the damage caused by the floods in the past few days.
He said that not only ABKD or literature should be taught but the training should be taught in the Training Literacy and Lifehood School. ".
Not only that, tens of thousands of others who travel around the country, walking or riding scooties, along with parcel items will also be closely monitored. , starting next week.
With the launch of the project, the AH&Vety department has set a target of producing up to 10 lakh cows bred by Ongole and village cows in the next three years to increase milk production and beef production in the state.
The cause of death was not disclosed in the report, but he had a chronic illness, one of which was Parkinson's disease and then there was rheumatism and Before he died, he also had low blood pressure.
Thomas said that KHNAM demands that the Government should suspend all job vacancies to avoid any problems.
In such projects, two water treatment plants are required, one of which should be used to release water for electricity generation during water shortages.
We are ready to hold more meetings in the coming days”.
Works for the supply of water to Nongmynsong, Pynthorumkhrah and Pynthorbah have been completed but the works for the supply of water to the others mentioned above have been suspended.
The incident happened at Bilapura village under Pachor district police station at 5 pm.
This has created problems, especially for those students, who are looking forward to studying through online classes these days, the report said.
Marriage is God's plan for mankind and it is a part of God's pleasure. That is why we see that even the first miracle that Jesus performed, it was to turn the water into wine at the wedding feast in Cana (John 2:7-9).
“Now they are forcing me with false accusations,” he said.
Tarun Kanti Bose and PJ George said that before the mining of uranium in 1967, UCIL came to persuade the Adivasis that if they Allowing uranium mining will give them jobs, development and even if they don't pay bribes after mining, the indigenous people will almost lose their jobs. the grave for yourself also.
Rajiv Kumar, Vice Chairman of the NITI Ayog, has expressed his deep concern over the decline in income, wages and income in these days, which has never happened in the past. 70 years ago and called on the government to take immediate action to rebuild the income of the country.
Riia immediately went to check the phone and saw Deisy's number and started talking.
However, before the end of the first half, Sawmer scored another goal.
It is worth mentioning that there have been many complaints against the Syiem of Sohra in the District Council including the residents of the Hima Sohra and also there has been a complaint from the KSU alleging that there has been corruption. The land was given to the Syiem in the state of Majai.
Furthermore, if we turn to the customs and traditions of the Khaddar rule, we will find that the traditional rule between the Khasi living in the Khasi Hills and the Jaintia Hills is the same.
“In the last few years, the improvement and protection of the sacred sites in Mukha Ialong and the Sahksaw thwei in the Myntdu River, Rynji and other tourist attractions such as the Mooshutia, Khloo Pohblai Mooshutia has attracted many local and foreign tourists.
The NPP will set up District and Block Committees in preparation for the elections.
It is learned that they have also set days to cleanse the cleanliness twice a month, on Saturdays of the second and fourth months.
What is needed is to ban those who come from Assam to Meghalaya from the borders.
He promised that if the TMC candidate wins, he will visit Jowai four times a year to listen to the concerns of the people and to bring about development in the constituency.
Israel now has weapons such as guns, tanks, robots, Iron Domes, Iron Beams, deadly fighter jets and others.
He said the decision to increase the tax came after the Assam government decided to increase the tax on petrol and diesel.
The cricket tournament will be held at Mawlai Kynton Massar at Umsohlang Ground.
Jowai, Nailur 09: The Jowai Coordination Committee on Reservation Policy (JCCRP) today held a meeting on the issue of reservation and education. ) for the Jaintia Hills was held at Ladthalaboh Community Hall, Jowai.
One of the outcomes of the Sports Policy of Meghalaya is the establishment of a high-level committee headed by the Prime Minister and Ministers of 14 Government departments as members.
They were said to be intending to return to Malaysia.
BDO Laskein, Brighstar Langbang, has warned these youths and children for their inability to complete the quarantine.
In the letter, the MPSC has invited applications for various posts through Advertisement No.MPSC/ADVT-54/1/2020-21/70 on November 14,
“Early detection through screening is essential for the eradication of cancer.
“I am pleased to inform you that we have already received orders from customers from Russia and Europe who want to buy the products produced by Sohphan and this is a pleasure and pride for us. we are all," he said.
These offers are available only through the Vi App.
For there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; neither hid, that shall not be known and come abroad.
I ask the economics students to do an accurate survey on this issue and it will be very helpful to know the damage so that we can ask and think of ways and means to recover.
From Pandua, Sir Jones and Mem climbed the hills of the Riwar in the midst of a heavy rain and arrived at Sohra in the midst of a heavy rain and in the darkness.
To say that the VPP has sent, we cannot accept unfounded allegations,” he said.
Deibormame Tongper (26, 42 & 60) scored a hat-trick to become the star of the season, while Babysunday Marngar (51 & 90+) scored the two goals. 2) with Shano Tariang (61).
The body of the youth was recovered at about 12:30 pm after the police searched and tied the body with a rope.
Regarding this good deed of the Kur Lamin, the beneficiaries expressed their gratitude and praise to the Kur for being willing to help them during this time when the country and the State are facing the challenges of the pandemic.
It was at this time, that the Assam police, with their firearms, opened fire on the people, who blocked the road of the timber truck. Si Dhar from Samaro, Thad Shadap from Mukroh, Six Talang from Barato and Tang Nartiang from Mukroh.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27 : The 26th of November 1949 is celebrated every year as the Constitution Day of India because it was on 26th November 1949 that the Constituent Assembly recognized the Constitution of India. The day is also known as Constitution Divas.
AL Jose (Provincial Delegate), Bah Valerian Pakma (President), Bah Jropsing Nongkhlaw and others from the Provincial Federation, Shillong Province.
A belief based on fear.
Because it's been 3 months of terrible pollution and smell.
A source quoted by Rupang said that the group also tied up the officers of the company at Wahkaji village. Two scientific officers of the company including one assistant were seriously injured.
“On the other hand, the Engineer has made it clear in front of us the Sengbhalang leaders that he does not know anything about this, because he has not received any information yet.
The referee sent off Aboubakar, using a stem card, for the second time, for taking off his shirt, when he could score the goal, in the side of in Brazil.
He said the government will decide how to act after receiving a letter from the government on the bill.
The plan to deploy the CM troops has been postponed for the purpose of completing the election related procedures as ordered by the Calcutta High Court and suspended by the Supreme Court.
Congress spokesperson and national media coordinator for the North East, Mathew Antony on Tuesday said that the defection of many Congress leaders to the BJP is because the party (BJP) is too weak. to the skilled leaders.
He said that a person has been sent to talk to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to expedite the allocation of funds to the state government.
Besides the song contest, the winners of the Lucky Draw were also awarded.
He said that this work has been going on for more than three months, since it started in November last year and at present there are about 40 or 50 workers.
The GNLA abducted a Naga trader on 30th July from his residence in Gasuapara South Garo Hills.
Shillong, July 20: U Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, today inaugurated the Mawsiat Khnam PHC in the presence of Bah Embhahlang B. Syiemlieh, MLA/MDC Mawlai Constituency. J. Majaw, Rangbah Shnong Mawsiatkhnam, Bah Gervasis Kharmujai, Rangbah Shnongs of neighboring villages, members of the KSU Mawlai Circle, residents and others.
Prime Minister: Conrad K SangmaSymbud Prime MinisterPrestone TynsongSymbud Prime MinisterSniawbhalang DharKi Minister>> A L Hek>> Dr.Ampareen Lyngdoh>> Paul Lyngdoh>> Comingone Ymbon>> AT Mondal>> Kyrmen Shylla>> Marcuise Rakkam A San>> Marak Shillong, Lber 06 : The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government led by Conrad K Sangma, who will be sworn in as the Chief Minister tomorrow, will have two Deputy Chief Ministers (DyCM) and They are members of the National People's Party (NPP).
Furthermore, I asked why the Dorbar Shnong Lawsohtun doesn't have a face. Do you know that there are these riewsniew in Shnong? Shouldn't they come forward to find these murderers? He also concluded that why do the Dkhars have to live in fear in their own state? And that they too have the right to recognize Meghalaya as their own as the first citizens of the state.
They said that as the days go by, the road has become worse and worse, until the passengers have to cross their hands every day like pigs.
The DGP said 25 out of 100 drug traffickers were from Tripura, Mizoram and Manipur as well as from Punjab, Bihar and Bengal.
Jowai, Naiwieng 17: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) led by Samla Crisence Ksoo and Finance Secretary Samla Wanbiang Pulang in the presence of General Secretary Wanbun N Dkhar today. On 17th November 2022, they lodged a petition with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, BS Sohlyia (IAS) regarding the lack of ration or PDS or NFSA supplied by wholesalers to dealers. of different villages in West Jaintia Hills District.
He said the government has also agreed with the MCCL to find ways and means to reduce the losses.
The police force itself has been cooperating with the public in many such cases.
The Acting Syiem has invited all the Lyngdohs, Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs, Children of the Thousands to take their time on this day as announced so that we can promote the good of the people. miat, the future development of the Hima and the most important information on matters relating to the Hima as a whole which have been pending for the past decades.
Tura, Jymmang 18: The Garoland State Movement Committee (GSMC) on Thursday submitted a petition to the Union Home Minister Amit Shah on the demand for secession from the Garoland State. the present state.
The meeting was also attended by the Symbud Mynri Rangbah, In-charge of Parliamentary Affairs, Prestone Tynsong and Member of the Opposition, President of AITC, Charles Pyngrope.
Mumbai, July 06 : Maharashtra on Saturday witnessed a new outbreak of COVID-19 with 154 new cases and two deaths in Mumbai and Nagpur.
However, this is not the case.
According to the statement, the players will have to bring their own equipment and for more information players can call 8787690428, 98630-91116 &
Recently, there was a heated clash between Meghalaya and Assam when the Assamese came to build a police outpost at Khatkasla but had to demolish it due to the opposition of the Meghalaya government.
On the other hand, Peter Dohkrut said that the government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma in Meghalaya has failed in many areas by giving the example of the operation of buses and JNNURM vehicles. “The party will fight together with the people from the lower levels such as the party,” said Peter. The party stands on the basis that it is the party of the people.
Of the 12 ministers, eight are from the National People's Party, two from the United Democratic Party, and one each from the Bharatiya Janata Party and the Hill State People's Democratic Party.
"There may also be some local robbers who have taken advantage of this crime and we urge the Government to take action against these criminals," he said. The VPP has also alleged that the foreign meat traders have increased the price in order to deprive the local meat traders of the meat.
Kanye, 41, has changed his mind these days, where he has been attending church regularly since the beginning of 2019 and is believed to have named their son Psalm. it is a name taken from the Bible.
However, there are still many genuine grievances that non-government teachers should receive.
Shillong, Nailur 6: The Meghalaya High Court today postponed to the 16th of this month the hearing of the Public Interest Litigation (PIL) filed against the acceptance of the Scheduled Tribe Certificate by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Dr Mukul Sangma.
“The Minister has promised to try to do this as much as possible,” said Bah Kurkalang.
On this occasion, Tembe witnessed the talents of the students of the school in various crafts through science and technology.
“We have a basis and that is the power of the people of the state, this is not an illegal demand but it is fair, village and it is our right,” he said.
Unfortunately, times are passing and the government doesn't have mushlia people (are there any mushlia people in the factories?
At this meeting, a new Executive Committee was formed with Dr. BH Buam elected as the President and Dr. E. Kharkongor (Shillong College) as the President. and Dr. Jiten Chandra Dang (Donbosco College, Tura) as Vice-Presidents, Bah Batskhem Myrboh (Synod College) as General Secretary, Bah David.
Regarding the safety measures, he said that if we recognize that a ksew has started to bite, we should not go nearby and if someone has been bitten, we should fight and take them to the hospital immediately. I'm sorry for my suffering.
The implementation of NEP2020 at the UG level should not be for the sake of anyone's power or to please anyone but should be in the interest of the students and teachers of the colleges affiliated to it. NEHU in collaboration with the State Government.
Government authorities have deployed fire brigades in various places due to the pile of garbage dumped at the garbage dump and have poured water into the area to remove the garbage smoke. from this bag.
“Your commitment to ensure that all appointments in this department are fair and impartial without discrimination against those who deserve them,” said the letter.
Out of the 4,000 candidates who applied for this programme, only 60 candidates were selected. The MLA was ready to donate up to 2 lakh tyngka from his own fund. come forward in this training program so that you can start your business.
“The government of Dr. Mukul Sangma is pleased that the peace agreement has been reached with these two rebel groups, but this peace agreement is in the dark without any clear agreement, but it puts the country at risk. Garo Hills and the state as a whole,” said Conrad.
Also present on the occasion were Dr Mukul Sangma (MLA), Parliamentary Leader of AITC, President of MPTCC Charles Pyngrope (MLA), Vice President of MPTCC GB Lyngdoh, Dr HH Mohrmen. , Lawyerson War Convener TMC West Jaintia Hills, three MDCs from Garo Hills, the villagers including the elderly, women, youth and young people.
“He said that the people of Sohiong have now seen that the leaders who criticized the NPP are now working with the NPP party in the government.
There should be strong intervention and support until they are able to stand on their own feet.
Prestone Tynsong on 7th October said that the appointment of two Chief Ministers in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA)-2 government is not new but because the state needs it.
Recently, Bah Morningstar and other land owners have expressed their opposition to the proposal to turn the areas into heritage sites but they do not accept the path taken by the MBDA. Many villages, land owners and farmers who have bridges have been treated with contempt.
In South West Khasi Hills, there are only 5 (three) primary health centers including CHCs, PHCs and Hospitals in the district.
Earlier, the CID had seized T.11 lakh in cash from Jha's residence, including 50 US 100 dollar notes and four US 50 dollar notes.
Therefore, the Chief Minister of the State has announced: “On the day of the Lord's resurrection, pray for the state,
(L&T).
