Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 18: The Brahmaputra Board's plan to dam the Khri River, for the lower reaches of Ukiam and Kyrshai villages in West Khasi Hills, has once again affected the 42 dams. villages in the area.
Perhaps the best way now is for the Central Government to take over the rule of Manipur by introducing President's Rule.
Meghalaya Power Lifting has been recognized by the Power Lifting Association of India, with the aim of holding the 2nd State Classic. Power Lifting Championship to hold this weightlifting competition, so that they can select the men and women who can lift weights and to have the opportunity to represent the state in other competitions. don outside the state for the year
The vaccine aims to reduce the incidence of pneumonia among children.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the FKJGP in Ri Bhoi District, together with the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Byrnihat Area, today sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District. They are concerned about the lack of measures to prevent the entry of foreigners from other states into the Byrnihat area.
The Congress won 12 seats.
He said that this action of the MPCC leaders was without consultation with the party workers in Khliehriat.
The Union also urged the Government to address the problems faced by the Kiang Nangbah Government College, regarding the availability of classrooms, the shortage of teachers in the Morning Section.
Marak, 20, of Habraghat, Simarong S. Sangma, 24, of Sainal, Chakseng Ch.
In this regard, we the signatories below, we would like to make it clear that we have nothing to do with this demand of the Union, and we would like to make it clear that we on behalf of the Waheh Chnongs of Iooksi Saphai, We fully support Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit on the demand for a review of the State Job Reservation Policy.
A source in the state security department said the government has also ordered the police to patrol to prevent criminals from taking advantage of the situation to create trouble.
He said that the FSSAI, on this day, has also conducted a training session for the meat vendors on how to slaughter chicken according to the same in a clean and transparent manner and to explain. on the rules and procedures relating to the slaughter of chickens.
Most of the people had to arrive at the venue to hold the event, Koul added.
According to the statement, the KSU does not want foreigners to come and earn money in the area because foreigners have the opportunity to smuggle in the form of bills.
“We understand that without the encouragement and support of the family, all the talents of our children will be useless,” said the statement.
The bikes seized by the Pilangkata OP Police are from Assam and Ri Bhoi. Police are conducting further investigation to find out the facts and especially the driving. market for these bikes.
Agnes has been arrested on charges of thwarting the house raid by the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) in Umsawli village by protecting illegal house dwellers in a car area in New Shillong Township. (NST).
The meeting was conducted by Bah LT Tariang, MCS, Additional District Magistrate (ADM), South West Khasi Hills District and welcome speech was delivered by Bah I. Lawrynniang, MCS, Block Development Officer, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block.
The BJP has also demanded that the Home Minister should not help the people in power and should immediately arrest the Minister of Electricity James K Sangma on charges of to buy illegal coal.
Praising Mukul Sangma's ability as Prime Minister; Marak said he is the longest serving person among the many who have held the post of Chief Minister in the state.
Shillong, November 29 : After three out of four suspended Congress MLAs have resigned and joined the NPP, the Congress MLA from Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie, has said that He will not resign as MLA but will wait until the end of the New Year.
The Tamabil road, which connects the trade between India and Bangladesh, has been destroyed in recent days, causing traffic jams in the past few months.
The NESO said that the 'iak jakor Act which has given too much power to the army has been an insult to the souls of the wicked.
He said that besides the damage to these farmland, the storehouse of agricultural equipment donated by MDC Ummulong-Moodymmai Constituency Jesse Suiam at the cost of T.50,000 was also destroyed and all the equipment was stolen.
Here we are again faced with a lack of leadership.
There are very few honest, good, and true people today.
At the same time, there was no rainfall in Shillong or Umiam.
Bah Lakiang said the SRT was established according to the changing times and should keep pace with the changes from the beginning.
In East Khasi Hills District, 45 cases including 1 case from Armed Forces and 44 cases from civilians, 2 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 1 case in East Jaintia Hills, 9 cases in North Garo Hills. There are 2 cases in South West Garo Hills, 20 cases in West Garo Hills including 8 cases from the Armed Forces and 12 cases from civilians and only one case in West Jaintia Hills.
to us Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
The KSU has admitted that it will immediately stop the construction of signboards and roads in the village, but the affected land owners have not received their compensation yet.
In order to assist with skill development or to improve employment opportunities for youth, the project will provide free training to up to 60,000 youth within five years. Hospitality, Security, Information Technology, Retail, Tourism, Healthcare and others.
In this age, in this country of ours, the Khasi Pnar, it seems very difficult for us to have leaders – people who are strong in mind.
The Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, Bah John F Kharshiing, has urged the leaders of the Powerlifting Association and the Weightlifting and Fitness Association of Meghalaya to come together under the same flag. It is a benefit to many youngsters who have talent in the competition.
Ludwig is a student at Belmont University in Nashville.
The Behdeiñkhlam festival on the last day started with the 'Kynting Khnong' at the Langdoh's residence followed by the 'Bam Tyngkong'
Earlier in Group 2, Arunachal took the lead in the first two minutes of the match through a goal scored by Kai Rumi.
However, the recent award of Prof Badaplin War for the Padmashri Award may have improved the Khasi writing field, but it is still necessary to encourage others to improve. and to be able to strongly urge the Central Government for the recognition of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Speakers on the occasion included Enel Wahphlang, Vice President, RN Mukhim, General Secretary of the NPP Mawhati Block, Bah Pynbhalang Syiem, President of the NPP Mawhati Block. Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati, has no reason to complain, because his speech is not one that affects others, but he speaks the truth and what is right. for the residents of Block-2
At the time of writing, there is a storm with heavy rain in parts of England, with winds reaching 50 miles per hour. .
On the District Council Affairs (DCA) department, we don't know exactly what the NPP or the prime minister thinks, but both these departments have been taken over by James and allocated. Even the PDF leaders have criticized Conrad Sangma for his decision to take over the Home Ministry from his brother and at the same time, we The State Government is currently in contact with the District Councils, especially the Khasi District Council and also with the Governor of the State, on the same issue. The PDF Minister said that the NPP will not be able to escape the criticism or criticism, because the department has gone to another party.
Shillong: Leaders of the KSU West Jaintia Hills District, have visited Muthade, to resolve the issue of ownership of the Karbi community, many of the land, which is owned by the Pnars.
Speaking to media, Bah Pynïaid said, “Recently, the Meghalaya High Court has ordered us four to issue our Trading License after they knocked on the door of the court.
Shillong: A prayer service for late Shri Donkupar Roy will be held tomorrow by 1 PM at Crinoline View and at 2 PM the body will be taken to Sohra and halt. their for a night.
God called Jeremiah, the son of Hilkiah, to be a prophet, the nation of the kingdom. Written by Mr. Mebanshaniah.
The conflicts, protests, and struggles against one group of people against another have spoken volumes about the democracy of Manipur.
In the end, however, it was a victory for Poland to see peace and security in its own country.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, they said that the demand of the VPP and the President to sit on strike is illegal.
The High Court said that from the case diary, chargesheet and evidence brought during the trial, it appears that the police chief could have shot dead. himself and not others.
The team from the city took part in the national group stage tournament organized by the Reliance Foundation Development League.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, RM Kurbah, said that the decision to ban the opening of shops after 10 pm has been taken after careful consideration from all sides. related to the high rate of criminal activity within the City.
At the meeting, the HYC expressed its concern over the illegal billing licenses of foreigners and also various companies which have obtained trading licenses to operate.
There are forces trying to stop the growth of tourism,” said Bah Paul in an interview with the media after refusing to meet with the Joint Action Committee (JAC). ), who expressed their opposition to the end of the festival on Sunday.
In the second half, Se Lajong scored the first goal.
Four members of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, including Bah Himalaya M. Shangpliang (TMC), Bendic R. Marak (NPP), Ferlin CA Sangma (NPP) and Samuel M. Sangma (IND), On November 14, they joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) at a meeting held in Delhi.
When it starts on the first day, it will be seen who causes more traffic jams, commercial vehicles or private vehicles," she said.
Meghalaya lost to Bihar and Puducherry in the U-19 Cooch Behar Trophy and U-23 Col.
The DC of Ri Bhoi District said that any big job starts from the small ones, so he advised the youth not to take this job for granted, but to take it. as one of the jobs that can support the family.
Regarding the shortage of medicines at the two PHCs, the union leaders expressed their concern, because if there is not enough medicines for the patients from Maweit and Aradonga only for 10 pages of medicines. If you don't have 10 bottles of medicine, you have to spend a lot of money to buy it at the pharmacy in Nongstoiñ.
Speaking to the CEM of JHADC, the CCIB leaders said that the DC of WJH, Arun Kumar Kembhavi, has violated the land of the people living in the area. Indo-Bangladesh border.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 3 cases and 2 cases have been screened and one case has come from outside the state.
It may be recalled that Nongsohma Village has been declared as a Containment Zone on 23rd June, 2021 as part of the prevention of the spread of COVID-19 due to the presence of COVID-19 patients and High Risk persons. Contact this village.
Mawkyrwat, July 22: Sarin Sports Club beat Nongkynbah Sports Club 3-1 in the final of the 4th South West Khasi Hills District Level Invitation. The Volleyball Tournament 2023 was organized by the District Sports Officer (DSO) at the MDSA Mawkyrwat Stadium.
This will be announced if there is no more polio from
“When Bah Paul was MLA, if there was a problem in the water supply, it took only a few days to repair it but since Bah Paul is no longer MLA, the water has been lost and doesn't reach anymore,” said one longkmie. .
However, before the end of the first half, Khliehmynkrem had a golden opportunity to turn the tide.
Laitkor were encouraged and continued to strengthen their play in the second half, to control the match.
Justin Fancon scored six runs before being bowled out for 11 runs while Gaurav Jyoti Thakuria scored 15 runs.
You can use a 3 liter run card if you have a lot of money.
Furthermore, they urged the people to take responsibility for the environment and to cooperate with the Environment Department in its environmental programs including tree planting programs and others.
The surgery was performed at TMJ Consultancy Services in Bhopal under the supervision of Dr. Darpan Bhargava.
Forests themselves absorb rainfall, hold water, calm and fertilize the soil, provide oxygen to ring and breathe, absorb carbon dioxide, absorb water. to the springs, to the springs, to the ponds, and to the rivers, and to calm the earth.
The Ministry of Culture and Art and Culture of the State has supported the Seinraij Jowai to hold Behdieñkhlam.
After the verdict, the Magistrate's Court sentenced them to three months imprisonment.
On the other hand, Bah Lambor inspected the PWD office at Barik Shillong, with the intention of turning it into a parking lot.
Shillong: The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has issued a warning for thunderstorms and thunderstorms in parts of Assam and Meghalaya on 16th and 17th October. 2019.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, on 15th October, inspected the Civil Hospital Shillong, along with officials of the department.
Attention should be paid to reducing poverty especially as the state ranks third in this regard in the country.
The Congress spokesperson has slammed the Prime Minister Narendra Modi for making promises and lying to the people and said that only the Congress is willing to fight and speak against the BJP and all its plans. They have failed to include the CAB which the BJP government wants to implement only for the purpose of bringing Hindus from Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Pakistan into India through the CAB. crowd.
Shillong: UDP MLA from Ranikor, Bah Pius Marwein, will contest the mid-term MDC election from Langrin constituency on 28th June.
The Security Guards have sent a letter to the union to talk to the company's management and asked for three months to complete the work but the company's promise has not been fulfilled. again in front of the organization.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will distribute more than 51,000 appointment letters to newly recruited Central Armed Police Force (CAPF) personnel on 28th July,
Anthony Ch Momin, MPS, DySP (Hq) of East Garo Hills will be appointed as Sub Divisional Police Officer of Chokpot, South Garo Hills. (Hq) in North Garo Hills.
On this occasion, the Dorbar Kur Ryntathiang Khasi Jaintia elected the following office bearers for the term of three years (2016-2018) including President: Bah Kitbok Ryntathiang, two Vice Presidents: Bah Lendo Ryntathiang and Bah Mestar. Ryntathiang, Secretary: Bah Khrawbuit Ryntathiang, Asst.Secretary: Bah Nolin Ryntathiang, Financial Secretary: Bah Panbor Ryntathiang, Social Secretary: Bah Headingson Ryntathiang, Treasurer: Kong (Dr) Shngaiñ Ryntaordinator, Coordinator: Kong Womenta Arthiangding Bah Folding Ryntathiang, Youth Coordinator: Ryntathiang.
A shop selling cosmetics has been destroyed by a fire in Amlarem, West Jaintia Hills District.
The meeting was attended by District AH Veterinary Officer, Dr DI Kjam, Senior Dairy Officer, Ma B DKhar, Ma Lamphrang Pohktai, Waheh Shnong Mynthong and others.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan on Friday met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah together with the Superintendent of Police, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, at the residence of Sylvester Nongtnger. at the Raj Bhavan.
As a nation, if we still have that spirit of thinking about the past, we don't forget the memories of our ancestors like Tirot Sing Syiem, Kiang Nangbah, Babu JJM Nichols Roy. In our human heritage, what can we do so that we don't lose our strength or decrease our strength like those who are like the shit of the day? tomorrow, when we have received knowledge, it is for us to be like wise men.
In a statement sent by Pynsuk Sten and Player Mashli, SSTP leaders, they said that the network outage in the area has affected the people of 12 villages. Tyrso area, especially at this time when all the people need a proper network, for various purposes.
Mbappe's decision to leave PSG at the end of his current contract in 2024 will bring a huge challenge to the club as a whole.
The order came today, the same day that a Manhattan court will try Trump on 34 charges against him, including his payment to Daniels. , to hide from her secret relationship with Trump.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Isawanda Laloo IAS, who is also a former student of Army Public School Shillong, honored Ankur Das in the presence of Brigadier Syed. Ali Usman, SC, Chairman, BGS, Shillong and Col NK Bairathi, SO 1 EDN, Shillong and others.
Shekhawat expressed confidence in the initiatives of the Jal Shakti Department and said the aim is to use as much technology and scientific knowledge as possible to come up with an appropriate approach to address the problem of floods in you are in the east.
On the same day, the Mawdem Presbytery also sent a petition to the MP of Shilong, Ma Vincent H. Pala to request for assistance for the construction of the Youth Development Center at Patharkhmah. also to provide assistance for the construction of the Samla Presbytery English School, Patharkhmah, which is a priority for the development of education and also to provide a special training center for the youth. Youth Development Centre.
Perhaps the time has come for parents to encourage their children to do any work from home.
Also present on the occasion were EMH Passah, WJDSA Vice President, WJDSA and Khroobok Passah.
Before lodging the Ejahar at Pillangkata Police Outpost, the residents of the village, expressed a public protest, which said that if the police can not arrest these robbers, who came They have destroyed this Mawnongrim, which means that they are no longer happy at all.
The Central Executive Committee of the JSM, which was held at the Khliehmyntirang office on Saturday, October 23, welcomed all the members of the AJPM.
Fans of Priyanka and Deepika after seeing the happiness of the two friends to meet together on this trip want to see them again in the films in the coming years.
Because Kim doesn't have time to improve education policies.
He reminded that on the 16th there will be a public meeting at Mawkyrwat at 11 am to explain to the public about the road and also the tender invitation by UCIL for the construction of development works in the area. .
They don't have any questions and they don't like the MoU"
Photo: Dr. Donkupar Roy opening the book: RupangPhoto: Bah Moonlight Tymthai, author of the book.
Today, the Shnong or Elaka Tyrna will celebrate the 125th Anniversary of the migration from the old Shnong to the new Shnong, which is only half an hour's walk from each other.
With this victory, Wahkaji will play in the quarter on 7th November at 12:30 pm.
He said that at present, the treatment has been going smoothly for those cows suspected of being affected by the disease and some of them have started to recover.
Shillong, March 2: U Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan, on Tuesday said that it is not only the external cleanliness that is needed but the internal cleanliness.
Shillong: There have been 129 new cases of covid-19 in the state and 199 recoveries.
Instead of creating these, the government should improve adequate roads, adequate health facilities, adequate education, adequate employment opportunities but it has no intention of going to work in those districts. There is no road, no internet, no mobile network, no health, no education, no income. also dry, and there is no other way.
“We have been able to defeat the insurgents and now we have started our operations, in which we have been able to turn back these insurgents,” he said.
Rev. John Madur, Vicar General of the Archdiocese of Shillong will be the chief guest at the ceremony, according to a statement issued by Bah Kitbor W. Nongrum, Publicity Secretary, St. Paul's Parish.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, JHTOA President Biangshwa Shylla said the union held an emergency meeting on 29th June at the JHTOA office at Tuber Tahkhniang, East Jaintia Hills. which is not set.
Furthermore, the party will hold a public meeting on the 9th July 2023 at 1 pm at Ïew Smit for the same purpose to explain to the people the principles of the party. I will contest the 2023 MLA elections.
The police raided the office of the Directorate of School Education and Literacy in Laitumkhrah as part of the prevention of riots as 260 teachers have been dismissed on the orders of the Meghalaya High School. Court.
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, wants to resolve the issues to reopen the market at Ringrey.
And this is the truth because even if the rice and other crops are not imported from abroad, Meghalaya will not be able to get rice to meet the needs of the consumers.
This freedom to form parties at will can lead to the freedom of governance and no longer freedom as marked by the Independence Day of India.
Therefore, as you can see, there was no Trai muluk Hima who used to call himself “Jaintia” even after the Hima Sutnga became Jaintia.
Police say they will recover his body.
The JAC was formed to follow up on the 16 km NH206 from Nongtalang to Dawki which has been allocated at a cost of more than T.43 crore. Dhar Company which started construction on 9/9/2022 and completed within 12 months.
It was seen that when entering the village, the road looks like a water canal because the road and the canal along with the roadsides have been flooded. tell me that there are many who are injured in the storm; There are those who fall inside because there are two wheelers who fall into the streets along the road and such incidents.
Dkhar said the extension of the term of office of the three district councils, especially the GHADC, for six months, is a threat to the people of Garo Hills.
In a statement, RWDO President Kyrshanlang Khongsni and General Secretary Donlang Nongbri said that the people of the region and the country will be able to come and buy and sell at the market. you are in Lyngkhat.
When asked whether there will be any problems between the two parties in the MDA 2.0 government, Ampareen said their main goal is how to work together.
Nongpoh: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today attended the Ri Kunai La Tynrai Festival organized by the Nongtluh Farmers Association (NEFA) at Umden village. The Fear.
He urged the MDA 2 government to take action on this issue as at present those who own trucks are living in poverty even to pay their loans to the banks.
He mentioned the contribution of Parad Soso Tham as a great thinker of the nation in the development of Khasi literature which is still a wonderful example.
Mission Mangal is directed by Akshay Kumar and Batla House is directed by John Abraham.
He said the files were on the implementation of the scheme to build Syndai Park at Syndai in West Jaintia Hills.
The Multi Facility Center was constructed at a cost of T.36 lakh under Article 275(I) 2011-2
In Rambrai-Jyrngam constituency, there are 24581 voters from 37 polling stations and the turnout in this constituency has reached 54%. There are four candidates from the HSPDP, Kimfa Marbaniang from the INC, Morningstar Tympuin from the UDP and Denestar Pariong from the BJP. The turnout from 57 polling stations has reached 66% and from this constituency, there are three candidates including Ioanis Lyngdoh of the INC, Thunder Warjri of the BJP, Blandingstar. In Nongkhlaw-Mairang constituency, the number of voters was 34,051 from 52 polling stations. Councilor Sing Wahlang of the BJP, Alex Kharsyntiew of the HSPDP, Lambok Nongrang of the Congress and Equator Nongrang of the UDP. The District Administration of West Khasi Hills has also deployed strict security guards at all the polling stations with proper procedures to avoid any incident. The counting of votes or the date of announcement of the results of the candidates will be on the 16th of this month.
The protests have intensified to force the government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP), but the Prime Minister has not responded. within the city.
Alert! therefore, when you send me to speak to the people now.
The issue of renewal of the Reservation Policy (RP) has stirred up the people of Khasi Hills in the past few days and from this incident we can see more important results, which are for the benefit of the people of Khasi Hills. Khasi-Khara children of this nation.
I urge the state government to come forward and provide assistance to these affected people.
Let me leave this alone and it is enough to understand these three parts of these Acts.
Larikynti M Dkhar, MBOSE-64.16%, North Liberty Hr.Sec.School, Jowai.
The winners are from five blocks of the state.
The British East India Company started as a small company and later occupied all the land of India and India became a slave. The Prime Minister's intention to hand over the coal mining to the Meghalaya Minerals Development Corporation (MMDC) shows that it is the intention of the British Government.
On the other hand, the leaders of the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee of Commercial Vehicles said that they will meet with the Deputy Commissioner of EKHD tomorrow morning to discuss the issue.
It is also true that even if the city of Shillong is 100,000 houses or even if it is 100 pm, many people will want to stay at home before 10 pm.
This program was conducted by BTA Laskein Block.
Experts tell us that the growth of urban areas is linked to population growth, congestion of roads and paths and traffic jams.
This shows that the goal of the tournament is to become one of the top five tournaments in the world and to follow the decision in July by the Saudi Arabia Public Investment Fund (PIF). , who owns Newcastle United.
In his speech, Dr. WL Narry, Nodal Officer, District Mental Health Office, South West Khasi Hills District, said that drug users themselves are only a disease that they get by being dressed and called through. drinks and more.
The infiltration department has been responsible for the entry and exit of foreigners and to prevent them from entering and leaving the area. Mynder doesn't have NRC to enter the state.
“We also request you to inform the office of the Registrar General and Census Commissioner, Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India to submit its own form which identifies the people who are still involved in the traditional religion but not to mix with other religions so that the number of people who still hold the traditional religion can be counted in the coming days.
He said that the glory that God has given you is a glory that cannot be taken away and if it is the glory that the world gives you with wealth it will disappear and it will not be useful at all. .
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, announced this at a public meeting in Tikrikilla that Limison will be the NPP candidate in front of TMC MLA Jimmy D Sangma.
At the meeting held on 26.4.1957, the two District Councils were requested to jointly investigate these border disputes.
Although Nengnong managed to stay long, it was Mawlong who saved the lead for WKH with their lack of ball and for this reason they were awarded the player of the match.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr. Bibilynda Wahlang strongly criticized those people who say that the Congress party has lost its hands, because many have fled to the UDP. “Not only the lizards have wings, but the little ones also have wings,” she said.
In the last match, Mynsang beat Umsawwar 1-0 goals.
The KSU president's remarks came after 25 members of the KSU from Ri-Bhoi and Khasi Hills were arrested on charges of involvement in burning vehicles and others to protest against the construction of the railway line.
However, the NPP leaders in the state did not allow him to meet the Prime Minister,” she said.
In the second match, Iong-I Dahi FC beat Myrjai FC 2-1
That means the Khasi number plate (surname), the engine from Bangladesh, Bihar, Punjab, Pakistan, Nepal and so on.
The 14-year-old girl was raped after she went to get medicine from PHC Smit where doctors said she was pregnant and the baby was four months old.
Khliehriat Jymmang 27 : The polling station in East Jaintia Hills District today went smoothly without any disruption. The turnout was 89.68 percent from Sutnga Saipung Constituency 5 and 90.74 percent from Khliehriat Constituency. It has a geographical area of ​​2,115 sq km, has a border with Bangladesh of 54 km and a border of Assam of 120.68 km. There are 91,713 voters, including 45,055 males and 46,658 females. There are 151 polling stations including 78 polling stations in the 5-Sutnga Saipung constituency. 73 votes from 6-Khliehriat constituency.
According to the Sengbhalang leaders, vehicles coming from Sohra were stopped at the Gate Sohra while vehicles coming from Shillong were stopped at the Gate Sohra. Mawkdog.
“The country is facing a shortage of jobs, which is very high compared to the past 40 years.
Uruguay are second with 10 points.
But there is no money.
In another raid this morning, the team recovered 4.15 gms of heroin from a residence in Ladrymbai Dongwah Pohktieh and arrested the owner of the house, Kong Chales Myrchiang.
“The residents have been facing problems due to the power outage by MeCEL. There is no basis for the power outage but the power outage has been increased,” said Bah Mawthoh.
He said that the party will meet with the Minister of Labor to discuss the number of undocumented foreign workers, because if nothing is done, they will be able to register again. vote in the state.
Former Mylliem MLA Pynshai Manik Syiem today filed his nomination papers as an independent candidate to contest against Mylliem MLA Hamletson Dohling and Mylliem MDC Ronnie V. Lyngdoh.
Speeches were delivered by Tellme True Phawa, General Secretary, J Phawa, Chairman, SCSC and Heibormi Shylla, General Secretary, Kordeiñlin.
Shillong, Nailur, 22: Former Symbud Myntri Rangbah and former UDP leader Bindo M Lanong on Friday said that the figures will be wrong if the party is wrong. how to buy tickets in
Shillong, July 13: The Green Image Junior Dance Crew from Ribhoi District has won the second place in the Indian Hiphop National Dance Competition held recently in Mumbai.
Now, he intends to contest the South Shillong elections in
What kind of people are happy? The Word of God says, “Blessed is the nation whose God is the LORD”.
The Committee is also pleased to inform that it has appointed several senior teachers and also from the media to be the chairman of the election, said the statement. Nongpoh: Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, MLA Umsning, in the presence of the church leaders through the reception committee. Pastors, Tymmen Basan, Rangbah Shnong, Village Leaders and officers from the PWD Department, yesterday, visited several places where the Presbytery Church of Nongthymmai, has planned to to receive the Synod of Ri Bhoi in
Shillong, June 11: Two leaders of the Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Church, Pastor Rueben G. Laloo and T.Bn (Dr) T.Nongkhlaw were arrested by robbers in Bihar today. Police station.
There are books that have survived this incident before the fire broke out.
The meeting under the chairmanship of the DEO discussed the laws and regulations regarding the expenditure by the candidates during the election.
The union would like to congratulate this MLA even though he is no longer the leader of Mawhati and it is through his initiative that this road has been completed and has benefited many people in the journey of Mawhati. come.
The MIT University of Meghalaya (MIT) celebrated the Jovan Sports Week on Tuesday at the Nongthymmai Indoor Sports Complex.
The program was organized by the Tirot Sing Syiemlieh Death Anniversary Committee, Hima Nongkhlaw in collaboration with the Center for Historical Research, Synod College, Shillong and the Department of Arts and Culture of the State Government.
How can we learn to be clean not only in schools but also at home, in the market, on the streets and be an example to others by helping people to learn how to be clean in all aspects as we have done. the Government of India.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 66495 out of which 59803 have recovered and 1118 have died.
“She just told me that she has already registered her AADHAR number, I don't want to stay long anymore, and that tea she gave me I don't want to drink anymore, and from now on I don't want to drink anymore. Many of my friends in War, Pnar, Bhoi, Khynriam who loved me in the past, don't talk stories, don't eat and drink say, since the AADHAR Number was issued, those who have passed away shondur is no longer able to eat or drink.
The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) on November 19, 2023 announced the name of Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin as the RDA candidate for the Shillong Lok Sabha seat.
At this meeting, the JAC decided to approach the government authorities regarding this issue.
The story of the match was that in the first half, the match ended in a draw with no goals scored, but in the second half of the match, the players of the team Police, however, managed to score three goals and won the match.
“The Khasi thlen eats only Khasi blood and the Pnar Taro eats only Pnar”.
You should start taking time to take steps to improve your health, fitness and fitness.
The Home Commissioner & Secretary to the Government of Mizoram, H Lalengmawia in an interview with the media said that the Ministry of Home Affairs of the State Government has requested the Central Government to provide financial assistance from the Ministry of Home Affairs. to provide assistance to Manipur refugees who have come to take refuge in Mizoram.
Regarding the youths who spoke in support of the slogan 'The Sixth Schedule of the Constitutional is still relevant in Meghalaya at the present context', they said that if there is no sixth schedule, the people can be low paid.
They said that the surprising thing is that the woman and some of her family members did not even send their Electoral Photo Identity Card.
The union feels that it is the duty of the management of NEHU Tura Campus to provide accommodation to the members of NEHUSU when they come to visit the campus and to learn for the betterment. the welfare of all the students of this university.
The Waheh Shnong of Nongdhar, Bah Dolanki Shiwat, said that they will hold a Dorbar to resolve the matter and they will make peace as the matter has reached the Police Station.
Adelbert also prepared to distribute a letter in English to the members of the House.
Jesus said, “When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, standing in the holy place, (whoso readeth, let him understand:)
Toyota Kirloskar Motor [TKM] today announced the establishment of the 63rd T-TEP Institute at Don Bosco Technical School, Shillong. with the support of the Automotive Skills Development Council (ASDC).
Through the city in the spring, this will be mitigated," Laben added.
Besides the office of the Deputy Commissioner and Meghalaya Nursing Services, the meeting also discussed the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and sent back to the Committee for further comments on this.
The budget for the construction of the project is T.907.35 crore till April 2016 but it may increase according to the market.
This has been confirmed by other researchers and the findings of researchers have been published in various books.
The incident occurred while the plane was flying over Kharkiv.
The United States, along with its allies, including the European Union and Britain, is still fighting to intensify and increase sanctions against Russian officials and companies. and their sanctions began in June 2022 when Russia began its invasion of Ukraine at that time.
The Minister informed that the Khasi language is one of the 38 languages ​​on the list of languages ​​to be recognized by the Government of India in the amendment of the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution.
How many parents suffer for their children, and some have to carry their children because they don't live together and can't live because they are young.
Those undergoing treatment are 10,664 and those undergoing treatment are 16,2
Therefore, John Robert's statement to the Hynniewtrep people that the Thawlang of Ïawbei is a devil is something that we as a nation cannot accept.
Therefore, the JSU wishes all the students to do well in these examinations and to succeed in the end to bring honor to themselves, their families and the state as a whole.
This is what we call the power of democracy.
He said that this new building will provide space for modern facilities and will transform the library into a beautiful building.
Shillong: The Coordinating Committee of MeECL Associations and Unions (CCORMAU) today decided not to implement the decision taken at the meeting of the National Coordinating Committee of MeECL Employees and Unions (CCORMAU). Engineers (NCCOEEE), who decided in Delhi, on 2nd July 2022, to oppose the Electricity (Amendment) Bill 2022, which hands over the electricity sector to the private sector and to take it to the 8th April 2022 in Parliament.
Beijing says China has reported 82,816 new cases and 4,632 deaths, with no deaths so far.
During the inspection, the union found that more than 1000 foreigners were working in the area.
“Oh how you...! Yes, yes, I remembered and read it.
And that they don’t want the people to know about their sins.
Because he said that Ukraine needs the support and needs the assistance and contribution of its neighbors because Russia is a powerful country and Ukraine cannot be as powerful as Russia if there is no support for it.
Vehicles traveling on such roads, have to spend a lot of money on repair bills.
On the last day, there was also a public screening of the film 'Onaatah : Of the Earth' by Bah Pradip Kurbah which was screened in memory of (L) Enshon Angelus Lamare, (L) Destina Mawrie and (L) ) Renauld Kharbuli.
Shillong, Lber 11: The Minister of PWD, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday said that the contractors have owed the PWD department more than Rs 4 crore so far.
Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) Chairman and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, his wife Sunita Kejriwal, Punjab Chief Minister Bhagwant Mann and party leader Manish Sisodia has been arrested as the leaders of 40 election campaigners who have been announced by the party to campaign for the Lok Sabha elections to be held on July 1 in Punjab.
Christianity also has its own laws.
U Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, on Thursday took the initiative to inspect the preparedness of CHCs and PHCs in West Jaintia Hills District.
Auguster said he does not know how many KSU KSU members will arrive at the protest venue, but regarding the KSU, he said the KSU has sent information to all the units in the KSU. “There will be those who will come and those who will not,” he said.
Mawlai SC, which is also the champion of the Women's League, beat Synroplang 77 14-0 in Group B. The tournament was organized by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) at the Third Ground at Polo, Shillong.
Therefore, the meeting also made proposals to request all hotels and restaurants to refrain from the use of plastic bottles and suggested that they provide clean drinking water in bottles.
Ri-Bhoi District was created on 4th July 1992 from the Nongpoh Civil Sub-Division and was separated from the East Khasi Hills District.
“I am clarifying this because I am afraid that someone will take advantage and there will be misunderstanding in our state. sha Kad by air to return to the state,” he said.
The HYC Rambrai Circle has expressed its deep concern over the pollution of the rivers in the Rambrai area and especially the Rambrai River. The residents of the village have dumped the garbage from their homes into the river.
Among the three blocks of West Jaintia Hills, the winners of the rally are Panaliar English School, Jowai, QC Springside UPS SSA, Jowai, Panaliar Secondary School, Jowai and North Liberty Hr.Secondary School. , Jowai is located in the Block.
She never wasted any time each day.
Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit I would like to publish this article as a brief explanation of these issues so that the public can get their opinion as follows:-Furthermore, this Act does not allow foreigners to take and use the the area within the districts to which this Act applies.
The competition was concluded with the unveiling of the flag of the Seng by Rgh Wallamphang Roy, Vice President of the Seng Khasi Kmie and Chairman of the Rongbiria Committee.
He said that today the farmers from Lapangap have left and returned safely from their farm at Nongjrong in Assam.
About 1200 people attended the rally which was marred by heavy rain.
Article 3 states that the land rent shall be paid to the Hima through the Branch Office at Majai within the stipulated time from the year of rent at the rate to be fixed by the Dorbar of the Hima Sohra. Panora said that she has paid all the fees to the Hima Sohra and she also showed the receipts she has received from the Hima authorities to prove that you pay.
According to Kong MPR Lyngdoh, Bang Doloi of Raliang and Long Sutnga, “the poor, the women, the elderly who have no one else to support them have to pay the The tax...the tax is very sad that even those who have died the Government increases the price to pay taxes..."On this robbery and other illegal acts committed by the Government officials of the Government The foreigners who had left the religious ceremony at Ïalong, the thousands of children of the Sutnga Hima stood with Kiang Nangbah, who convened the Dorbar Paidbah at Syntu Ksiar.
In the second leg, Iawmulong Nartiang beat Phramer 6-3
Dr Yael Bar Zeev, Chairman of the Israeli Medical Association for Smoking Cessation and Prevention, said that in order to prevent the spread of Coronavirus, smoking should be stopped. (Stop smoking, air pollution, environment pollution to prevent the quick spread of coronavirus).
Dundee said the union has also discussed the implementation of the Automotive Industries Standard (AIS): 140 Vehicle Tracking Project in Meghalaya, as directed by the Government of India. Tracking devices or search devices will be installed in all vehicles and there will also be a Center to monitor this for the safety of the passengers.
Turn away from the truth 2 Timothy 3:8
If Ampareen Lyngdoh is willing to insist that she will not be arrested by the Prime Minister, experts have complained that as a Minister of the State Government, she has not been able to point out the fact that the Khasi language has become too widespread. to be included in the fifth schedule of the Constitution of India, especially since she herself has a high level of education.
“After the Prime Minister promised at the meeting in November last year to dismiss all the cases, we have decided not to listen to the summons by the Special Court. “It's necessary,” said Bah Marwein.
He said the Congress has come to attack the UDP for some time and still does.
According to news sources and research by the Seng, it has been found that every time there is a vacancy in the post offices, many foreigners get jobs, because the selection process should be done by those who know the skills. English and Hindi and this is one of the reasons why it is a barrier for the people of the state.
S.K.While working on the hill, Hep, who had an unpleasant spirit, revealed it to his wife.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (EJHDU) on Tuesday honored Eleven Dkhar from Tuber Village, East Jaintia Hills District.
Short films should be in Indian languages ​​with subtitles in English or Hindi and should not be less than 3 minutes or more than 10 minutes.
Meban Talang, 21, was arrested from Lad Demthring while Sambun Dkhar, 27, was arrested from Wahiajer.
(b) The Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act to prevent the Benami of the names of Hynniewtrep women by the Mynder, to protect women who have been divorced or married. Women may claim food and care for their children and themselves.
The third place went to Satakshi Das of St. Anthony's Higher School, Shillong (463 marks) and Sneha Paul of St. Anthony's Higher School, Shillong (463 marks).
In all these subjects, no Khasi have applied for these positions, except Milda Mosha Blah, who has applied for Case Taking & Repertory.
“Now after the drawing has been completed, it will be rebuilt in a safe manner so that such an incident will not happen again in the future,” said Bah Ransom.
“Kata, Kong, Bah, I'll tell you something.
Mandal President Utpal Marak along with 26 office bearers and BJP Mahila Morcha President Shasiti Sarkar along with 1,000 members have joined the NCP. Vijay Raj, Vice President of the Seng.
The Minister of Labour, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, today said that the Labor Department has prepared many schemes for the construction workers such as house construction, road construction and other construction projects. .
The Congress-JD(S) government's shortage of staff came after a vote of confidence was held in the State Legislative Assembly this evening, which was chaired by the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly.
Bah Tone, in his youth, was one of the faithful workers to strengthen and promote the activities of the Seng Samla at the Seng Khasi Kmie Mawkhar where he also served as the President of the Seng Samla, Seng Samla. Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar while studying in Shillong.
Shillong, Lber, 21: The construction of the four lane road from Umshyrpi to Baniun, which falls under Package-I of the Shillong-Dawki road project, has been completed. , is currently in the middle of a call for tenders.
“Since November 2015 we have not received our salary and this has put us in trouble,” said Warjri.
The Jowai Bye Pass from Thadlaskein to Soomer Mihmyntdu, which is 7.997 kilometers long, will be constructed for two vehicles, which will be 7 meters wide. you are T.40,00,47,5
The scooty (ML05-W-4762) and the motorbike (ML05-R-5706) were identified as Vicky Shabong and Aman Diengdoh from Shillong. The driver of the bike was identified as Ribok Lyngdoh of Shillong.
On the other hand, Opposition Leader Dr Donkupar Roy, while rejecting the issue of opposing the Governor's speech, said the government should act as it preaches.
He said that the training centre, which will be run by the Kolkatta office, will provide services to the entire eastern region.
The ruling party, which once won 543 MPs but has only 40-50 MPs and in the upcoming elections, I don't think it will win even 40 seats.
Marriaba Amstrong is the sister of Katdilia Khonglah, 26, who died suddenly on 19th June along with Morison Dhar,
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya Poultry Farmers Welfare Association (MPFWA) has protested against the decision of the AMPSRA to close down the shops.
Children will participate in projects on The Languages ​​of India between grades 6 and 8 under the Ek Bharat Shrestha Bharat programme.
He also urged the engineers and SDOs to ensure that the work goes smoothly for the benefit of the residents.
The Pastor said he would advocate for the amendment of the Representation People's Act to include the right to recall the leader.
In the letter, he said that this demand is a way to prevent the influx of foreigners from the state and other neighboring countries, who have started misusing the land. He said that if the JHADC implements the rules and regulations, it will be a great help to the people.
This violence and discrimination has discouraged and destroyed the hopes of the youth who are looking for jobs.
Chinese President XI Jinping has ordered his troops to prepare for war and now Chinese troops are reportedly near Taiwan.
The deadline for registration is the 18th of this month.
Because of her darkness, one person criticized the members that the party had sent to the meeting just because they were not elected by the people.
Coco Gauff of the USA defeated Marie Bouzkova of the Czech Republic 4-6, 6-2, 6-2
Shillong, March 04 : The Minister of State, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh has urged all the political parties preparing to contest the upcoming MP elections to put forward the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Khyrnit. the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution of the country as one of their election issues.
Replying to a question raised by Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA VPP in the Legislative Assembly today on the allegation by these two central government officials that Meghalaya is the most corrupt state, Conrad said He said that he did not want to comment on the allegation during the elections, as the two were present together on the day the MDA 2 government was sworn in at Raj Bhavan.
Because they have taken over the powerful seat of the NPP party and its MLA.
“We will enter the Gaza Strip, we will launch a war in a comprehensive manner to destroy Hamas' intentions, its activities and we will also put forward what has happened and failed them. two weeks ago,"he said.
Some of us have seen and experienced many governments and many MLAs in these 50 years in Meghalaya since the first MLA elections in
According to this order, it is prohibited to cut down trees on the banks of the Myntdu River, to clean, clean vehicles, to dump garbage into the river through the construction of roads.
He said that through this mission, many SHGs have emerged which run small scale industries which have been able to improve their activities by shiphew percent.
“We have a fish pond in Lailad but there is a shortage of fish and we are fortunate to have an EM who is a supplier of fish in the market. “We have appointed a Fish Development Board from the Tribal Affairs Department to develop the fisheries industry of the Council,” said Bah Teinwel.
The police have not yet announced whether these 5, 41 or so have been under investigation, because even if they are still in quarantine, They should be in the custody of the police, once they have been complained against, even in the complaint of the District Headquarters, which we have never heard of.
The Council's own resources are T.29,38,23,800/- and the share revenue of the Government is T.97,50,00,0 T.77,74,99,700/-.
The shijur ki knup in the khilon promote the theme of protecting the state and the people, the Khasi Pnar and Garo songs express themselves as a proclamation and spread about the customs and traditions of the state, the portraits in the fires they display the snap stories of the people of the state.
The DC urged the residents to work together to bring about safety in traffic by respecting each other while walking on the road.
Only the residents of the village will come to listen to the positions of the candidates who want to express their views.
Shillong: The State Government through the District Administration of East Khasi Hills, has issued an order to temporarily close down some shops in Shillong. , including in Iewduh who have not sold food items at all since the first day of 26th June 2021, but it was seen that on the part of the shopkeepers in Iewduh who live by this They went to the Syiem's ​​Police Station of Mylliem Hima to demand that all shops should be allowed to open by odd and even numbers.
In the 59th minute of the second half, Pyrdiwah SC tried hard to score but Wahlyngkhat SC scored the first goal through Banrap Khongbuh Jersey No. 6.
The children of Shah were called to the big house.
Hardy Cliff Nongbri scored the first goal for Mawkhar SC (90'+3).
Therefore, the Seng in a meeting with Samla Armstrong Sohshang President and Ulysis Ryntong Secretary, urged the owner of the Service Station at Zero Point Riangdo WKH to reconcile with the All Assam Petroleum Mazdoor Union, to open the service as soon as possible for the convenience of drivers and passengers.
Today, there is no rain in the city, till 2.30 pm.
The two Chief Ministers have already met with Amit Shah since July this year and submitted a report to him on the border issue. They were invited back to Delhi.
Nongpoh: Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Ajay Kumar Mittal, today visited the Umroi Airport to meet with the management of the airport.
This force has been completely overwhelmed and there is no longer a count of the time to rest one's body.
The Chief Minister conducted the meeting in the presence of the CEMs of JHADC and KHADC while the Executive Members from Garo Hills were present.
The High Court said it is expected to follow the deadline and complete the transportation and auction of the coal before the end of the year.
Don't say that, we have seen that since the arrival of the British, our religion has increased and the unity of the nation has increased.
Other reports said churches in the United States will remain open on Palm Sunday.
“We will see later if he does something wrong,” he said.
He said that this project is achieved through the collaboration of the Assam and Meghalaya governments.
The group of tourism operators who have been living in the tourism industry have expressed their strong opposition to the proposal to destroy Umngot and decided to meet with the senior officers of the Tourism Department to discuss. and to express opposition.
Nangaibormi Sutnga, one of the KSU leaders, said that the Meghalaya government should not just talk by words, but should show by deeds so that the Khasi Pnar people living on the border can get protection and protection. confirm their citizenship and land ownership.
In 2019, West Khonsa MLA Tirong Aboh and 10 of his supporters were attacked by a group of robbers at Bogapani village in Tirap District.
In these days, the whole world has started to commemorate the Mother Earth and the surrounding area by holding tree planting programmes.
Shillong: A 24-year-old youth has committed suicide in an accident at Umeit village near Umroi, Ri-Bhoi district.
Shillong, July 18: Eleven persons have been arrested in connection with an incident in Mawmyrsiang village, near Mawjrong village in Laitkroh District. 21 years old, Tiewkordor Nongkynrih 55 years old, Sil Bok Kharkongor 25 years old, Kitbor Sing Synrem 24 years old, Brom Kharkongor 55 years old, Shor Myrthong 60 years old, Flystar Synrem 40 years old Pliwel Synrem, 28, and Comingbud Nongrum, 31, are all from Mawmyrsiang.
HYNNIEWTREP Border Disputed Redressal Forum (H.B.D.R.F) demands immediate suspension of CONSTRUCTION OF BORDERS ROAD IN ASSAMLONG: The Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (H.B.D.R.F) demands that the Meghalaya government should suspend the construction of border roads in Assam there is no Sharieñ This is the village of Lapangap, West Jaintia Hills District.
“Therefore, all three parties need to work together as a team physically and spiritually within their power to fight against this production and smuggling of rnga,” he said.
The NPP has won eight seats in the Garo Hills District Council.
Before the march, a meeting was held at the Ummulong Dorbar Hall and after that they marched with placards to condemn the village leaders.
Shillong, Jymmang 2 : U Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh on Tuesday, on Tuesday, expressed his anger after receiving information that the Meghalaya Games athletes have been accommodated in inadequate and uncleaned facilities. He immediately ordered the leadership of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) to immediately evacuate the athletes from the place where they have been accommodated and to accommodate them in clean places with adequate facilities. adequate food and drink should be provided to all the players.
You don't think you really know your father or you don't know if that person has a different opinion.
“The meeting of the political parties on the reservation policy held on 31st June, 2023 at the Conference Room, Main Secretariat has decided that all the political parties should send their views on the reservation policy. 15 days.
The number of cases of covid-19 in India has risen to 2 lakh in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases in India to 1.4 crore.
Regarding this Bill which will become an Act in 2023, we see that many women are wit because they don't decide.
Besides, he promised to clean up some of the areas so that the water from the dam should not reach or affect the wells.
Through this meeting, the speakers on that day, gave their blessings and best wishes to the 16 girls who will represent the state and the two managers of the team.
The inspection was inaugurated by Bah Sanbor Shullai, Arts and Culture in the presence of representatives from the Mattithaw and Deiriti Government Department. and Mrs. WAM Booth, Director, Arts and Culture, Government of Meghalaya, including the Chief Minister, Bah Raphael Warjri.
In the next innings, Sanchisa M Sangma scored 104 runs to help Tura District Cricket Association beat East Khasi Hills by 78 runs. Sangma, who scored 104 runs from 68 balls, was named Player of the Match after scoring 173/2 runs from 20 overs. .
For hundreds of years we have been accused of misleading and even misleading the minds of the school children who read that story about U Tirot Singh as written by Bah P.Shabong.
Most of the commercial vehicles start and end at Iewduh.
Meanwhile, the NDA, led by BJP President Amit Shah and Rajnath Singh, met President Kovind Last night and handed over a letter of support to him. President of the Republic.
On the allegation that the dismissal of these three officers is due to corruption in GHADC, u Bah Tynsong said, “If there is truth in that allegation, he should have been dismissed first. The Lokayukta is responsible for the three employees working under the Lokayukta”.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Preston Tynsong, said that the festival cannot be postponed but the Government will start the festival after the second service at 3 pm.
Referring to the parts of the scheme, Bah Paul said that it talks about the town vending committees which will identify the eligible shopkeepers.
It is worth mentioning that most of the time when there are any protests, the police department does not receive any information through its intelligence department but yesterday the intelligence department did not receive any information about the protest by the HYC. Secretariat.
There are cases, where the Councils, refuse to pay the fee, but this is, if the wells, are new, by saying that they did not know, that there are such wells in but in many cases, the plaintiffs have received compensation, because this proves that the road builders have done wrong.
He said that during their inspection, they found that the land is suitable for planting tit.
The news said, “Murder hornets landed in the US.” Published – May 4, 2020 by Doughlas Main and M.Weisberger.
The incident happened between 7:00 and 10:00 pm at Rangbali, said Upazila Chief Officer Md Liakat Ali.
The final match of the semi final was played on 21.1.2020 between NH6 FC and Turiap FC.
On the other hand, Mr. B.Chyrmang asked about the Council's allocation from the 15th Finance Commission from 1st April 2022 to 31 May, 2023 which is T.12,90,00,0 There are 882 projects and 405 have been implemented.
Meanwhile, UDP Senior Working President Bindo M Lanong said that the Prime Minister's actions have violated his position.
On the other hand, the MLA through this statement expressed her deep concern regarding the implementation of this road through the NHAI, and also expressed the anger of the people over this situation.
In the women's category, Wahkygkhat SC beat Mawshun SC to win the title while Friend XI United beat Young Boy Rimassaw 2-0
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 27: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Shillong on Tuesday held a field level financial literacy event at the Dorbar Hall of Mawkawah Village.
Clayrina Diengdoh, Sd.
“This is my insult, let the people of North Shillong give an answer to those who insult me,” he said.
She added, “I am delighted to be a leader for young people who have the desire to achieve.
The Government has set up this Committee after the leaders of the VPP and KHNAM fled the meeting of all political parties held by the State Government on the 19th of this month. The speech was only to explain the implementation of the Roster System without affecting the Reservation Policy.
“We need to implement new technologies in Agriculture, Horticulture and Animal Husbandry,” he said. the income of the farmers.
To all the Fathers, Sisters and Pastors who support through prayers.
In the last match of the day, Mizoram played well after losing two matches in Manipur and now have won the gold medal, and the medals. The event was attended by the President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, Mr. John F Kharshiing.
The bodies of three residents of Mizoram, including a woman, were found in a forest within the border of Mizoram. in Myanmar.
Everyone has his own thoughts.
“The meeting has started at 1:30 pm but even after many hours we have not received a letter from the government.
The government has a plan to increase the number of beds for patients in need of treatment in hospitals, but if the residents do not have the responsibility to reduce the spread of the disease, Covid-19, the time will come when hospitals and other health facilities will run out of space even for those patients who need treatment.
In the rapid walk of Kni, Bhalang did not see that he was walking further.
Other speakers included the General Secretary of the GSU (CEC), the Vice President of the FKJGP – Garo Hills, the President of the TGCSU, Chief Mahindra Pik Up Union and others.
The BJP has two MLAs in Meghalaya who are working in the state government in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance government led by the National People's Party.
Pray for the country and its rulers to be able to rule in a righteous and just manner.
He also urged the residents not to create any disturbances that could lead to any activities that could bring about deterioration in the Jaintia Hills.
He said that the PHC at Nongtalang has provided adequate services to the patients and therefore, there is no need to hand over to the organizations.
Shillong, July 22: The State Government has appointed teams of Ministers to different parts of the state to celebrate the Republic Day on the 26th of this month. moon.
Jowai, Jymmang 04: The District School Education Officer, Jowai in collaboration with the Planning Officer, Jowai today held an Inter School Quiz Competition. long at the Indoor Dorbar Hall, Jowai.
On the other hand, the union demanded that the bill should be submitted every month and the smart meter should be trained to those villages which do not understand how it works.
There are 37 recoveries today, including 21 cases in East Khasi Hills, 7 cases in West Garo Hills, 3 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in Ribhoi District and 2 cases in East Garo Hills. Hills 1, North Garo hills
It is worth mentioning that at the opening ceremony of the Civil Sub-Division Pynursla, a group of placards carriers had turned to the place where Mukul Sangma was to lay the foundation stone, but at that time they did not receive anything. to appear before Mukul Sangma because the security forces had stopped them.
In the men's category, Ummulong Grassroot Center beat Sabahmuswang SC 1-0 goals. The prizes were awarded by H.Shylla President Raij SC. T.Phawa, Waheh Shnong Sabahmuswang, DSO K.Passah, teachers and others.
He said that Bah Prestone Tynsong is a man who knows people and knows God and as a leader in the government he will not mislead the people. The people, but the government is struggling to create the ways and means to bring about many changes and what is sad if there are only a few shortcomings many have criticized or criticized that this government has not done anything for the people. part of the public.
Christians have been involved for many years in improving education in the remote areas of Assam, especially to the poor families in the tribal areas.
This increasing power outage has affected all sides especially the factories.
South Korea, in October last year, provided financial assistance worth 10 million won or T.61,000 to 14 million households (out of 35 million households in the country).
A woman has suffered serious injuries after she was stabbed and stabbed by her husband in Iongkwang village, Shilliang Myntang District, West Jaintia Hills District.
Anyone with information regarding the suspect can contact the Police Control Room, Tura (Mobile No.
He said that these issues have already been passed by a resolution in the Legislative Assembly to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution and also to demand the implementation of the ILP. in the state.
The Indian rupee has fallen to T.80 against the US dollar for two days.
If the state has too much debt, it will be a burden on the people who have to pay the debt taken by the government and the price of food items will rise.
So far, Bah Mawrie has tried to set up offices across the constituency to prepare himself for the upcoming elections.
In addition, food items such as rice, flour, sugar and other necessities will be cheaper if transported by rail.
It was agreed at the meeting that working together as a team will help reduce the loss of lives, property and income.
The Muktiar said that the policeman has misused his powers as a policeman and at any time he can take the law into his own hands and requested the law enforcement authorities to punish the policeman. according to the provisions of law.
The total loan of T.155 crore was received by Ruby Mills Ltd in June
“The Meghalaya Linguistic Minority Forum (MLMF) should immediately stop the attempt to sit in Khyndailad as this will be like adding fuel to the burning fire. now and if the Government allows such intentions of the MLMF it will lead to ethnic division and violence and if any tragic incident happens through this Government will have to take responsibility. head.
The Central Government used to force us to submit our Utilization Certificates (UC) but we cannot submit our UCs within the stipulated time because we too have not received the payment within the stipulated time,” he said.
Shillong: Meghalaya has been hit by a dengue outbreak with 44 cases and one death since 3rd March
He is the fourth Pakistani player to reach the highest ranks after Mohammad Rizwan (who improved from 798 rating points to 811 after scoring 98 unbeaten runs in the and Babar Azam who holds second and third positions in the table under the leadership of Suryakumar Yadav as first in the table.
The source said that after receiving the information, the CEM within hours was able to increase his population, and showed at the meeting his population and confirmed the seat. which you have.
On the occasion, HNYM President Louis Dohtdong, HNYM WKHD President Tailan Star Lyngkhoi, HNYM WKHD President Lapynshai Wanniang were also present. HNYM Forestry Department, Village Elders and others.
On the other hand, the President of the Association, Bah Donald Nongsiang, said that the women's category will be St Francis HSS vs St Peter's HSS at 11 am. .
The demolition of the buildings should be done after a thorough inspection according to the rules of law,” said NGT member Justice UD Salvi and Ranjan Chatterjee.
Other speakers on the occasion were Dr Jemino Mawthoh MLA Nongthymmai, former Education Minister Manas Choudhury, Dr NG Mahanta and lawyer Hafeez Rachid Choudhury.
At the time of writing, the villagers and the fire emergency service are still searching for the victims.
Ezekiel said, “In that day (days) when my people Israel shall dwell safely.
So with one mind they decided to go to the house of their Rida i Nia on the following Wednesday.
According to the order of July 29, the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) West Jaintia Hills, has once again reminded all the Fair Price Shop (FPS) dealers of the District, to inform the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) if there is any any Ration Cards at their Centres/Villages who have not received ration for more than 3 (three) months and to collect the names of the ration card holders and the card number.
Rising Stars managed to set a target of 174 runs.
Liaquat admitted that he was forced to cheat in the election and announced that he had thought of committing suicide, but wanted to inform the public. , on this thanksgiving.
Therefore, when we look back at those times when he was an MLA and also when we look at the bravery of the Naga Police, it shows that if our leaders are brave, the Assam Police will not do anything.
It is learned that in recent days Bah Albinus has been suspended from the Congress party on charges of being against the party and after his suspension there are no more applicants for the Congress ticket except Bah Gabriel Wahlang.
The trial will be held on the 26th October at the Jrisaleiñ Playground, Jowai at 8 pm.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to move the venue of the Mawbynna Monolith Festival to Mawpdang from Mawphlang. Speaking to reporters, the Executive Member (EM) in charge of Culture and Tradition, Rangkynsai Kharbuki, said, “We want to move the mawbynna festival to a place in Mawphlang and We can hold it in Mawpdang but we have not taken any decision”.
On Saturday, it was witnessed that the cleaning of the streets started from Mawkdok to Khliehshnong Sohra.
West Garo Hills beat West Jaintia Hills 2-0
The price of Jowai is T.48.35 per liter (S.K.OIL AGENCY PRICE, JOWAI Rs.43.00, SK Oil Sub-Agency, Transportation Charges Rs.2.00 Per Liter, Godown/Labor Charges Rs.1.85 Mar Pro Liter) 1.50 Per Liter).
Informing that CUET is a computerized test, the Minister said that Meghalaya does not have the resources to conduct this test and at present, there is only one Center at Qualapatty, Shillong for the entire State.
KHLIEHRIAT: The body of the brother of the Dolloi of Rymbai Elaka, Rishanlang Swer, has been recovered from Wah Prang.
“On my part, I welcome the speech of the Kong.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Ampareen said, “Because we want to expand the delivery of medicines to remote areas.
“They locked up their houses during the survey because they are illegal immigrants, they don't have any documents to prove that they are entitled to stay there, they don't have any documents. “If they are really entitled to go there, they should not flee,” said Bah Blah. but they should cooperate with the government.
“According to the rules of the CWC, the Commission must first obtain permission to send children abroad,” said Social Welfare Minister Deborah C Marak.
Ask-a-question: you don't have to talk or investigate.
Ma Larsing Khyrriem, who later became MLA, and Jaintia leaders wrote to Nehru that because it was far from East Pakistan, if Pakistan invaded, this road would not help the RI Army.
In our limited understanding as citizens.
While Francis Sohbar, Secretary of the Kur, laid the ribbon of the vehicle of Shallang Sohbar (A) and Franklin Sohbar, President of the Kur Sohbar Youth Association, handed over the keys of the vehicle to the Rangbah. The village councilor of Kyllon Mathei and the Rangbah Shnong of Sohbar Shallang.
The MP is from Harinathpur, Palasbari police station in Gaibandha district of Bangladesh and later came to West Bengal to study computers.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, advised the public not to spread such videos and not to share them with others.
Ms B.Blah said that the NVD Day was celebrated at all 230 Polling Stations of the four Constituencies and Voter ID cards were distributed to those new voters who have registered under the of this period (Special Summary Revision).
On the same day, the Minister and the dignitaries also launched the Teaching Learning Materials Kit known as the 'Jadui Pitara' for the newly enrolled children.
“We have no doubt that we will get 34-35 MLAs and that the NPP will be the party that wins the most elections,” he said.
Maroon P Shylla scored the first goal for Sabah Muswang SC in the 8th minute while Given Son Suting turned the tide for Demthring in the 27th minute.
The Governor said that a committee has been set up to look into the seizure of firearms from the police.
The Directorate of Higher and Technical Education today issued this announcement.
She said that the demand for Hill State is because the Khasi want to rule themselves, so all the Khasi villages and areas under the Hima, Raid, Elaka should fall under Meghalaya. This means that the Hill State's plan has failed.
Prof DRL Nonglait, President, Khasi Authors' Society, opened the ceremony with a speech by the President of the Khasi Authors' Society. Snaitang, Prof. LS Gassah, retired head of Political Science Department, OR Shallam, retired lecturer, Kiang Nangbah College, Jowai and Prof. S Loniak Marbaniang, retired teacher and former minister of political science. state government.
If they are really responsible for the state, they should have informed the Indian government that our state needs both the ILP and the Sixth Schedule.
Earlier, he said that many of the crops in the state have been sold to foreigners.
The same person also threatened the meat vendors who came to inform them that she did not own the shop.
He said that after they became clearer, it became clear that they would not join the UDP in Mawphlang.
He said that he received the information at 3 pm and phoned the DC and SP of East Jaintia but due to the lack of network he could not understand the conversation. happen like that.
These IED bombs were placed in a plastic box, which was placed at a length of 5 feet on the road and dug 5 feet wide and 5 feet wide along the road. .
In the first half, Musniang SC scored the first goal through Mardiphone Rymbai in the 11th and 20th minutes and Oneenjoy Dkhar (45+3).
It was released on the 18th as it was Unitarian Day.
All the young men are requested to take advantage of the opportunity.
Regarding the order issued by the High Court, the President of EKHLTWA said that there is no complaint against them, but it is the decision of the government that taxis should not be used. bring the traffic jam.
Furthermore, in an interaction with troops from 37th ITBP Post, Thakur spoke about the reforms introduced by the Government to benefit troops deployed in the border areas such as better uniforms, equipment Make in India initiatives and food security.
Shillong: The Polo Auto Rickshaw Owners & Drivers Association (PORIA) has celebrated Pre Christmas together with the children of Ferrando Transit Shelter Home, Mawlai Mawdatbaki Pata, on 19th November
It is a fact that we see and see through the media and the internet these days what is happening in various European countries and even in the United States.
Lakhs of students pass in India every year and in Meghalaya about 20,000 students pass SSLC or Matriculation every year as well as Class XII, Degree and other courses. .
The Crime Branch together with the Guwahati Police, said that the Crime Branch together with the Guwahati Police, have received a tip on the presence of a truck coming from Manipur and carrying with the drugs, with the intention of smuggling them to Guwahati.
Speaking on the occasion, Prestone said that in politics it depends on the job. “It depends on the job, no one can predict tomorrow, we have to accept what happens. it has to happen" he said.
“I urge the people to allow the women, but it doesn't mean that we should not accept the elders,” she said. it can work better for the country and the nation.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah S.Jaktung General Secretary of the Wahlyngkhat Cultural and Sport Club, which organizes the tournament.
According to a tip-off, the troops raided a village near Dera Ki Gali (DKG) in Surankote and during the search, the militants shot dead them. soldier.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 2: The famous arms wrestler from Meghalaya, who is also from Nongstoiñ, today won the gold medal in the arms wrestling tournament held at The Arab.
On this occasion, the alumni of the school took part in the Holy Mass at 10.00 pm at the Shrine with the relic of St. Don Bosco.
The issues reminded by Kong Kharsyntiew were on health, health care, education, old age allowance, Ration Card and others.
SRK, who is from Delhi, made his debut in Hindi films with the film Deewana, which was released on 25th July 1992 and starred in the film. Rishi Kapoor and Divya Bharti, in which Rishi plays the lead role in the film and previously starred in a Doordarshan advertisement for the soap Circus.
There have also been new crematoriums in the Muallian area such as Rebung Kung 2 which is 1,896m long and Rebung Kung Maul which is 1,604m long.
Shillong, July 23 : U Saleng Sangma, NCP MLA, who recently resigned, has alleged that he joined the Congress after a man who had removed him from the Congress a few years ago did not. He has joined the party and has joined the Trinamool Congress.
When she woke up in the morning, Bahnah said to her sister, “Deisy, where are you going...” He waited for her to answer. “I'm at home...” Deisy replied.
He said that there used to be a rule within the Congress party that if any member of the party contests against the party candidate in an election, he will be suspended for seven years which means that in another election. After three years, he has not yet contested because he is still under suspension, but he said that in the past years he has seen that there are many candidates from different constituencies who are fighting against the party. “They contested from the Congress party, some won, some lost, but if you look at the rules, once suspended, they will be suspended for 6 years. “I don't want to lose my election,” said Khan.
The union said that in phase 1, the findings and recommendations of the Regional Committees from Meghalaya were not accepted.
However, the opposition MLAs have been disappointed that there is little time to discuss many issues raised since the last Assembly of the MDA government. The budget is not sufficient at all.
Roning died on the night of the 5th after being shot dead by the Border Security Force (BSF) while a cow truck was driving on the road between Pomshutia and Mawshun.
May the fruit of this meeting in Iewduh be truly clean for the farmers.
In the incident, the SP escaped without injuries while his vehicle was damaged.
Regarding this incident inside the forest, the Wildlife Department, DFO today held a meeting with the Chairman and members of the Community Reserved Forest Sein Raij Tuber at its office in Jowai.
Employees of the Fire and Emergency Service, Jowai have come to the rescue.
The origin of this dance has to go back to the time when the Hima Shillong was established, which is one of the three oldest Himas in Ri Lum Khasi.
About 5,000 people from all over the North East and the state attended the Christmas celebration.
He also raised the issue of the government's inability to appoint headmasters and principals in many government schools and colleges in the past two years.
However, she doesn't feel able to think about herself because of her life, she understands that it is not easy to live alone.
In the Pre Quarter match of the Under-14 (Boys), Marian Hill H/S School beat All Saint Diocesan Sec School 2-0
The incident occurred at Khonshnong village near Iooksi village, West Jaintia Hills.
During the march, the participants also carried placards to condemn the persecution of Christians in Manipur.
Audit Diwas 2023 was celebrated as a symbol of the history and legacy of India's top audit team.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has announced that it will hold the Under-13 Republic Day 2024 and invites all clubs to participate in this football tournament.
At this service, the Umphyrnai Catholic Church was also able to dedicate its new church, and the new church of this church was dedicated by the Lyngdoh Sad Dominic Jala Himself.
“When they checked my passport, the government officials asked many questions before they allowed me to leave,” he said.
Vivos currently has 10 million members and 1,000 in the UK alone.
After a while, Bah Deng also left because the sky was dark.
Ryndia or Shaw Mikir is a custom used by the Bhoi in families without daughters and also in families where there is only one woman in the household while all the brothers are men. .
The guidelines are based on the provisions of the Consumer Protection Act 2019, the Cable TV Network Regulation Act 1995 and the IT Rules,
The delegation included Dr Vivekanda Singh Rathore, Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills.
Her mother saw it too but because she already knew she didn’t ask anything.
“Oh! forgot to ask the daughter or the son? 'You're a woman," he said.
Shillong, Naitung 5 : The Supreme Court (SC) on Tuesday stayed the order of the High Court of Meghalaya to close down all Coke factories in the state.
In the District Council, there was also a discussion that the PDF is no longer the People's Democratic Forum but the Process Demand Fail.
He said that the project has been successful and the government itself will introduce farming methods in many areas to generate income for the arshah farmers.
“The state government should ensure that it takes action on this issue.
The current arrangement for MDA-2 will continue until the end,” said Prestone.
Mebanker has been winning since
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal, IAS in his speech said that the construction of the stadium has started in October 2022 and this stadium is the dream of the people of the district.
at the Tympang Club Hall.
The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) under the leadership of Fr. Manbha Pakem, Director JHDS, Bah Denis Kurkalang, Coordinator JHDS, together with the support of the sisters of various convents, These masks have started to be distributed in Jaintia Hills.
Sanbor met with Paul after receiving a complaint that some people in Laban area who act as civil society organizations come to search for trading license of shops.
Especially I urge my fellow voters to ask or ask for clarification from the office bearers of the party if you have any doubts, don't believe false news.
The meeting was also attended by the SP, Magistrates, Principal of the College, Executive Engineer of the PWD Building.
He said that some of the Congress MLAs have expressed their desire to elect Charles Pyngrope as the new President of the MPCC and this is their feeling and they have the right to express their wish. On Prestone's statement that the Congress is a broken house, he said that some of the MLAs did not want to express their wishes and some of them relied only on the decision of the AICC. saying that anyone can criticize, especially that this matter has come to light, so they are entitled to express their views.
After they had counted, they received an answer from God that there was one who had rebelled against God's Law, that was Jonah.
Nongpoh, November 03: The Dorbar Shnong Nongppoh Proper on Saturday held a public cleanliness drive with the participation of all the residents of the village, as part of the cleanliness drive and also to provide training to the residents of the village to share the responsibility to bring about a clean environment in the village.
The Minister also visited the Kangpokpi refugee camp and met with the Kuki people.
In this second inspection by the FKJGP, it was found that the government through the Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department (AH&VD) has tried another method, which is to increase the number of animals. The market has been designed to prevent and ensure that there will be no more smuggling of cows from Khanapara Market to Bangladesh.
Earlier , the union had written to the Chief Secretary , Addl Secretary I/C Transport and Bah IW Ingty , Commissioner of Transport , requesting the government to release the Challan, but according to the leaders of the union, although many requests and writings have been sent to the government, it has not listened at all and that is why the union has lodged a complaint. Shillong, Nailur 25: The increasing number of ATM thefts in the state has increased in recent days by robbers.
The Deputy Commissioner said that the police have been directed to step up patrolling in all parts of Shillong so that there will be no obstacle to the government employees to reach their offices tomorrow.
Shillong, November 13: The Laitlyngkot Primary Health Center (PHC) in Laitlyngkot has celebrated its 25th anniversary today.
Rohit Shah tied 15 fours with the support of Akash Kumar who tied
At present, there are only eight MLAs including Rowel Lyngdoh, Zenith Sangma and Salseng Marak from the ruling party; on the opposite side.
The products available from this shop are produced by 15 SHG groups. The DC said that the purpose of opening this shop is to enable the public to see the products. SHGs and to buy from this shop.
The two geologists went to the area to find out about the presence of bauxite and were not looking for uranium.
“I have told the Waheh Shnongs that there is no objection because the government has a plan to set up a Mini Secretariat in the area of ​​North Jowai Division and tomorrow the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma will visit the area. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Wailadmiki Shylla.
I am not an expert in the mining plan and I don't want to comment on this issue and all these plans have been approved by the central government departments and this is what they have done.
“She said that now these political parties have to go back and prove why they want to remove or insert any words and also why they want to do so.
To curb these coal mines in Ri Bhoi, the Deputy Commissioner has implemented Sections 25 and 26 of the Water (Prevention and Control Pollution) Act, flow into the rivers and also produce waste that affects the pollution of the air.
“We have come to take part as the voice of the people of Mawlai, not as members of the civil society, which was established since 13th July and in the voice of the people of Nongmawlai, no one has been appointed since set it up" he said.
the small pid shall remain the same.
(i) Rev.I.Kharkongor: The Lawei u Khasi.1998 (ii) Ram Ahuja: Social problems in India.1997 (iii) Helen Giri: The Khasis under British rule (1824-1947).
“We will win 18 seats,” said the CEM of JHADC who is also the MDC of Khliehtyrshi.
In a statement, Bah Banshai Marbaniang said that he has sought information through the Information Act 2005 and is surprised that the PWD office has its own officers who live inside the residential areas. The department has no knowledge of the construction of pandals by religious groups in the PWD grounds. and cleaned the premises of the office.
He said that whatever happens, whatever happens, if God allows him to be a leader, there is no problem for the people and also for him as a youth even though the Rambrai Constituency is a constituency. It has about 228 villages and about 60 Polling Stations, but as human beings we must rely on the wise guidance of God the Creator.
“We are very fortunate that these three have come out and are working side by side, he added.
Drs. B Challam said that the opening of this Creche by PWWO is a blessing and a great help to the parents especially those who are involved in farming.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: Speaking at a condolence meeting for the victims of the shooting incident in Mukroh, Shillong, Naiwieng 24, u Bah Nehemaia Tyngkan, Vice President of the Congress Party, on Tuesday said that the three men who were arrested in Mukroh on the morning of On the 1st of this month, they were taken to the forest by the Assam Police and tortured.
At the same time, the meeting also demanded that the government should pay compensation to the family of the victim.
It means that the Khasi family is orpait.
A lawyer for Gisela Madrid, who used to treat Maradona, said the star died on Tuesday, three days before his death.
The state police said that after collecting detailed information, they have arrested several youths from the village and after investigation against them, they have confessed that they have already killed. to this longkmie.
There were also some who said that Bah Ardent is a good leader, as he has been an MLA for two terms.
However, only those families or households understand how much alcohol destroys the family and society.
“We are still waiting for the exact information as of now we only know the date, time and place of the bus, we have not received the number of the bus or other information that can identify those people who He promised to try to ensure that such incidents will not happen anywhere in the country.
She also explained the symptoms, treatment methods and prevention measures.
We are grateful to those who have followed this exactly like the poet Soso Tham in his poetry, and Radhon Singh Berry in his ancient advice and the hundreds who have written books in prose in the Khasi language.
Leaders of Mawhati Constituency, including Dasakhiatbha Lamare MLA and Charles Marngar MDC, Mawhati Constituency, have visited Umsiang Police Outpost to search for the victims. The reason for this conflict and also to talk peace between these ethnic groups, so that there will be no conflict or affecting the peace and order and which could lead to ethnic differences among them. villages in the area.
“We must always be calm and ready to help with the problems that the people come to us,” he said.
In the PhD degree, Dr. Mebalarisha Paswet was awarded.
The MPUF (MPUF) East Jaintia Hills District (MPUF) on Monday visited the Lumshnong PHC to meet with the doctor.
On the first day of the protest, the group held a protest in front of the Secretariat from 11 am to 4 pm.
It is a more difficult task because of the laws of the Central Government and the State Government which we have to look into before taking a decision on all these issues, but nevertheless this task has continued and we will continue. He said that a consultation meeting with the relevant groups on this issue will be held after the New Year.
Nongpoh, Nailar 29 : The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District today demanded that the state government should temporarily stop the import of pigs from outside the state. The African Swine Fever (ASF) has banned the import of pigs from abroad.
Sanbor said AL Hek cannot accept the post of Prime Minister himself but it will be the top leaders of the BJP and especially Himanta Biswa Sarma who will decide who will take over the post. the Prime Minister.
The state government has suspended all membership of the Women's Commission after a complaint was received that the members have violated the Model Code of Conduct (MCC).
Dr War said 66 cases have been recovered, 54 cases are from East Khasi Hills District including 14 cases from civilians, one case from Armforce and 39 cases from Army. BSF personnel, 4 persons in Ribhoi District, 7 persons in West Garo Hills district, 7 persons including one Armforce personnel and 6 civilians have been confirmed with the recoveries of these 66 persons today. The total number of recoveries has risen to
Speaking on the occasion, Nehemayah Tyngkan said, “The first reason why I and my friends have donated to these children is after the Government has announced a 21 day lockdown to fight against the spread of the disease. COVID-19, and we know that the management of this place is facing many difficulties in finding ways and means how to provide for these children from food, drink and other necessities. He added that this is not the first time for him to try with the smallest force, but even if he and his friends are not able to earn enough money, , but even with the smallest amount of strength, they don't hesitate and come forward to join hands to donate food items to the orphanage.
so she understands the consequences of these steps".
Shillong: The Central Puja Committee (CPC) has appealed to various government departments of the state to cooperate in the upcoming Durga Puja which will also benefit and assist the Hindu community in the state. The state is located in Shillong.
It is worth mentioning that the KHADC has elected the name of Bah J.Reenbohn as the MDC shu sieh and his name has been elected in the Special Session of the KHADC, but after the KHADC has sent the name The state government has also gone its own way and sent to the Governor the name of Irene Lyngdoh as an MDC shu sieh.
Nongstoiñ: The Deputy Commissioner of WKHD, Bah T.Lyngwa, on Tuesday confirmed that the construction of electricity in Umwali village of Langpih area has been suspended for a while. .
Looking back at the match, it was a great match from start to finish as they were fighting for the title.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah C Laloo congratulated the management of King of Kings Higher Secondary School for taking the initiative to organize such a tournament every year to open the door for the students. those who have a talent for sports so that they can showcase that talent and also to improve in this field of sports, besides their education.
“We have received complaints from the residents whose houses have been allowed to fall on trees and those who may be in danger,” said the secretary of the village, Bah Iangrai.
Speaking on fish, the Deputy Commissioner said that fish is one of the most important foods in the life of human beings because fish contains up to 70 to 75% protein, minerals which help in part of your body.
Melvin Lyngdoh of Nativity Higher SSM, Waiborlang Syiemlieh of Rising Secondary SS and Famousman Wahlang of Jakrem Presbyterian HSS. Riboklang Jyrwa of Rising Secondary SS came second and Bobydelki Hujon of Maharam Government HSSM came third.
Another 190 bags of Supari worth T.2.34 crore along with three arrested persons identified as Wynwyn, Thuntun & Aungshun have been handed over to the police. The forest department in Kamjong has been appointed to take the necessary action.
However, you should not despair, even if you have this disease you do not necessarily have to stop attending parties or celebrations.
He also praised the BJP party by saying, “The BJP party has done the best, when they give the money they also want to see the UC to show that it has been implemented properly, but everything is the the government's fault".
“It has affected about 4,000 students of NEHU,” said the BJP Youth Wing.
Manufacturers, manufacturers and producers of various agricultural products including umngap to sell online.
The government can direct all the mobile network providers and banks to complete the Aadhar linkage for all so that the people will not lose their benefits,” he said. state.
Shillong, July 28: The Leader of the Opposition and All India Trinamool Congress Meghalaya Dr. Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that the parties in the MDA especially the NPP have made many promises but without achieving one.
This was announced today by Bah CVD Diengdoh, IAS, Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya.
“At that point, a soldier got out of their truck and it was at this point that the shooting occurred.
There are 7 angels and 7 Trumpets.
Electricians/linesmen of MeECL etc.5.
The Shabong, Khyriem, Mukhim and Shallam kurs are shikurs although some of these kurs have more members in Jaintia Hills and others in the Khasi Hills.
Shillong: U Bah Balajiedkupar Synrem today filed his nomination papers as the UDP candidate for the mid-term elections from Shella constituency after the death of his father, Dr Donkupar Roy in recent months. .
He taught us the values ​​of politics,” he said.
She also requested the ASHAs not to change this job as the volunteer is not a full time employee.
The earthquake could have reached about 1.5 and about 2 meters or 6 feet from these lowland areas where thousands of Rohingya refugees used to live in these parts of the Bangladesh border.
He said that the celebration of Christmas should also help those who have fallen victim to drugs to come together for a meaningful change.
Conrad also wanted to strengthen and improve the Land Customs Stations (LCS) in Meghalaya, suggesting that they be provided with modern facilities to ensure the trade of goods related to the country. neighbors of this area and that it will also help the farmers of the State, who are still dependent on agriculture and other products related to agriculture.
The first High School Leaving Certificate (HSLC) examination was held in 1973 in which 3797 candidates sat for the examination and the pass percentage was 38.3%. to 78%.
In the final match of the women's category, East Jaintia Hills Khliehriat Hr Sec School beat Rongrong UP School by six goals. These goals were scored by Felicia Sympli (14,37, 43 min), Phyrnaibha Nongtdu (38.57 min), Diwakapaya Shylla (55 min).
At the same time, the Seng reminds that those who apply must be able to speak the Nongshken language, regardless of whether they live anywhere and are only children of Nongshken. from the parents of Nongshken Pyllun.
There have been many kinds of knowledge in their own fields of knowledge which no one has understood to value what is right and what is wrong.
To protest against this decision of the people of his constituency, he has decided to take a more serious responsibility by contesting the Lok Sabha Election in
UP has 403 seats, Punjab (117), Uttarakhand (70), Manipur (60) and Goa (40).
Jowai, Naitung 04: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) War Jaintia Circle today visited the 108 vehicle at Jaraiñ PHC in Amlarem Sub-Division. After the relocation of vehicle 108 from Amlarem Sub-Division in
For the celebration of this year, Bah Paul Lyngdoh has donated Rs 50,000 to the school.
He said that it is not at this time that the council has taken seriously the issue of the border issue for 70 years since it was established and there has never been a committee to look after the border issue.
Sangma said that sufficient evidence has been received on this illegal activity in the state and it will be seen how the government will take action to curb it.
On the other hand, the NPP leaders also spoke to the people of Nongkrem, saying that they should meet Dasakhiatbha Lamare as MLA and that they will see those development works, as u Mawhati constituency.
The smoke from the coal mining factories pollutes the drinking water, the air, the crops...but what is more dangerous is the rapid spread of the Corona virus once it has entered our state.
During the search, the provisions of the NDPS Act were followed and the weapons were seized in the presence of the villagers.
If there is any Hindu who says he is a Muslim, he should not live here, then he is not a Hindu himself,” said Bhagwat.
In another incident, the body of a BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) supporter was found in Md Bazar in Birbhum district.
The places of discussion and arrangement are Langpih in West Khasi Hills District; Borduar, Nongwah-Mawtamur, Deshdoomreah, Block-ll of Ri-Bhoi District; Block-l, Psiar-Khanduli.
Bernard N Marak was brought before the Hapur Magistrate's Court in Uttar Pradesh and it will take three days to bring him back to Meghalaya, Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills RV said. Rathore.
Shibun said that many programs have been held during this month such as the blood donation programme, the donation of books to the staff of NEIGRIHMS to explain the schemes of the central government, cleanliness awareness programme, visits to elderly homes and others.
The winners of the quiz were Babidol Bareh and Kyrmenlang Pala of Jaintia Eastern College who came first place.
Before the start of the tournament, Bah Samborlang Diengdoh congratulated both the teams who will compete against each other and as was done on the opening day of the tournament. They also read out the rules & pledge, which have been prepared by the organization for the players.
On this day, the family and the church had the last service and speeches were delivered by the classmates of Maïanylla, the classmates of Caffinia from St Peter's Pyndengrei School, members of the church. Children of Mawlangniang Presbyterian Church, members of Mawlangniang Presbyterian Youth Assembly, teacher of Kids Tarari Choir Nongstoiñ and family members who also read a short history.
The Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh urged the residents to come forward and cooperate in this regard, in order to make this project a success.
Students from Thomas Jones College and Kiang Nangbah College including the NCC of Thomas Jones College also attended the event.
Shillong, Naitung 09 : U Congress MP from Shillong, Bah Vincent H Pala has written to the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi to request him to release Meghalaya and other states from the Sixth Schedule. of the Uniform Civil Code (UCC).
The only way forward is for the government to invite all groups whether they are political parties, student organizations, youth organizations or opposition parties to talk.
There was also a marathon in the morning from Ialip to Lummukut where the Mot Tei Sahnam of Woh Kiri Daloi Dhar is located as a sign of commemoration.
At that time the redeemed of the Lord shall return and come with singing unto Zion.
They also decided to go to the Supply Department to look into the problems of the people in the area as the people are facing problems regarding the distribution of food items. They also demanded that the Deputy Commissioner should take action against this issue which affects the poor and also to renew the distribution of ration cards according to the rights of the families in the area.
They are really just the supporters of the NDA government in Delhi.
“People want to use the word 'high command' but you have to remember that this is how the party works.
The State shall not have a Government elected by the people in accordance with this Article.
Besides, the NH6 near Lumshnong is also one of the badly damaged roads.
India has seen a sharp rise in the number of cases in the past 24 hours, with 10,956 cases and 396 deaths.
Police have arrested four persons including Klevin Malngiang of Mawlai, Frederick Ryntathiang of Pynthor, Bankit Marbaniang of Lumshyiap Golflink and Shanbor Rani of Nongmynsong and the investigation is ongoing.
He said that regarding these families, the children are now in darkness and the village has thought that these children should understand with the authorities. law or give assistance so that it does not affect their thinking.
There will be four categories in the marathon, Under 16 (men and women), Above 16 (men and women).
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: Shillong Lajong FC will complete their second home I-League match against Sreenidi Deccan FC from Hyderabad on Saturday. SSA Stadium-Polo ground, Shillong.
Shillong, Lber, 08: Students who are contesting for the HSSLC 2023 examination have been directed to write the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) if they still intend to continue their studies in Central University for Undergraduate.
On this occasion, Rupang has inquired from the Congress leaders in Nongstoin whether there has been any discussion within the party for the election or whether there has been any discussion within the party. The President of the Congress Block Committee in Nongstoin, Bah Albinus Kharbani, said that nothing has been done yet. “We are not happy that Hoping has passed away,” he said. “We are not happy that Hoping has passed away,” he said. said Bah Albinus who expressed his condolences on the passing away of Bah Hoping.
Dignitaries who attended the function included Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh who is also the convener, Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang, Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, and other dignitaries from Ri-Bhoi.
The law enforcement agencies may restrict or censor any insulting speech even by politicians which affects the mentally retarded youth who are unfoundedly agitated because of such harassment. but the speech stirred them up.
When they did not accept, they rejected, and ceased to be priests at all.
But this is it; they can use the nitrogen in the air and bring it into their bodies.
The time has demanded that there should also be responsibility and investigation to find out the root causes why these buildings have brought shame and disgrace to the state.
It is said that this drug, which has been developed at this time, is more effective and more accurate than other abortion drugs or fertility prolongation drugs that have been found in the past.
The brother of the Waheh Shnong, Bah Chelang Lyngdoh, has lodged a complaint with the Ladrymbai Police Outpost against Bah Training Phawa.
Of these nine cases, four are from Kohima and three from Dimapur, four are women and three are men.
In other words, we write or read history only from the point of view of the powerful or the rich or the famous.
Samla Forwardman said that the union also demands from the Symbud Myntri Rangbah that the department should send for an inspection of all the transformers, electricity poles and other parts related to electricity. in South West Khasi Hills District and Mawsynram Block and that the department should allocate funds to repair the parts that need to be repaired and to ensure that all the transformers should be repaired immediately so that such incidents do not happen. I'm playing chess.
The Muslim side was led by religious leaders including Sayedullah Nongrum and the Nepali side was led by the Rangbah Shnong of Jhalupara Prakash Bhandari.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority (STA) in collaboration with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (C&RD) on Saturday held a meeting with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The NALSA (Effective Implementation of Poverty Alleviation) Scheme 2015 and Government Schemes on the theme of “Building Bridges” was held at St Peter's Secondary School, Dangar, East. Khasi Hills District.
It is on this basis that as the party leader he still wants to hold office while he can.
He also urged the teachers to remember that they are teachers of the 21st century.
Khasi and Jaintia Hills, he passed away on Sunday.
What did Jesus do? According to the Gospel of Mark, Jesus began his mission immediately after spending forty days and forty nights in the wilderness.
“At present, our community has been filled with discrimination against other communities, if we look at Block 1, Langpih, Sabuda and even the Bangladesh border areas,” said Donald Thabah.
The Commission after the last six months has submitted its findings to the State Government.
He said that it is unfortunate that the GHADC elections have been postponed only because of the COVID-19 pandemic, and therefore there will be no other reasons after the GHADC elections. Shillong: Ki The employees of Mawmluh Chera Cement Limited, who have come to Shillong for three days, have decided to end their strike, after the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, He called for a meeting with the employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited.
It is surprising that the state has turned 50 years old but only in the basic needs such as health care and literacy we are still lagging behind in the state.
He said that the road is also a priority need and he promised to talk to the PWD authorities to look into the matter.
Besides, the Seng said that there have been cases of injury to people and death of animals from being electrocuted through this post especially during the rainy season. you are a tragedy.
He also spoke on many issues that the constituency needs including education, health, social welfare and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The students of St. Anthony's College, Shillong on Tuesday decided not to use plastic water bottles.
He said that there is no division within the BJP and all the members are working together for the same goal.
On the other hand, A.Andrew Shullai, in his speech before the opening ceremony, praised the wisdom of the ancestors to preserve this custom and tradition and urged the youth of the village to take action to improve it. wealth of national identity.
Thus from the Word of God we know that the end of the world will end after 1000 years after the reign of Jesus Christ.
The passage of the Assembly to recognize the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eight Schedule and the Assembly's approval to introduce ILP in Meghalaya as desired by the civil society and the people will be a waste.
This marriage did not affect Radhakrishnan's education as from Vellore he went back to Madras Christian College at the age of 17 and it was here that he graduated. B.A and M.A degrees in Philosophy.
The crowns of the country are called such people.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) invites all clubs to participate in the Under-17 Independence Day Cup to be held in November at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Shillong: The NPP MLA from South Tura, Billykid Sangma, on Tuesday said that the people and the media should not create religious differences or blame the BJP without any reason. the real reasons.
How then could this Temple, which is a human body, be cleansed? It requires that a person delete the bad things from outside and inside.
While waiting for the New Year, many of the women do not have the opportunity to celebrate freely at home but have to be security guards in the streets of their villages to avoid troublemakers.
To win up to 26 seats in the state is not easy.
‘However, we have no record in the department of these missing items although complaints have been lodged.
A commemorative book of AIPC, Kalyajee and JHSS was also launched at the conference.
Nongpoh, Nailur 11: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Tyrso Unit on Tuesday concluded the 1st Tirot Sing Syiem Open Football Tournament.
The NPP has elected and appointed these leaders at a meeting held on 19th June 2022 in Nongpoh to strengthen the party as a party has elected these leaders. For the purpose of taking the responsibility to work and strengthen for the 2023 election from Nongpoh Constituency.
Sadly, there is an attempt by the government to destroy even this budlum.
On the other hand, the KSU Lapangap unit will not stand idly by and will continue to monitor this case until the truth is found.
Shillong: As part of the rehabilitation of people involved in crime; The Prisons Department will take all necessary measures to work with the Meghalaya State Skill Development Society, said IPS Inspector General of Prisons M Kharkrang.
The arm wrestling tournament was held as part of the selection of the wrestlers to represent Meghalaya next month at the arm wrestling tournament to be held in Jammu and Kashmir. Kashmir.
Police are conducting investigation to find out if there are others involved in the fraud.
The cleaning of roads in many parts of Shillong has progressed well as part of the improvement of the roads for the hosting of the big meeting to be held this month. now.
you have to put syntiew.
On the other hand, these mine owners urged the management of Star Cement to refrain from violence against the minorities especially the land owners.
Speaking on the occasion, the supporters of other parties who came to join the Congress Party, said that the reason why they came to join the Congress Party, It is after they have understood that they have no interest in supporting other parties, because they have seen that they have not reached anywhere.
After this victory, Lajong are still in sixth place with 29 points from 18 games, and are only 10 points behind Inter Kashi.
Shillong: The BOCA Junior Football School (NEIG) has selected 10 players from Jaintia Hills to train in Bangalore.
“In other States, the Government owns the land, the Government owns the parks and leases them to the private sector but here the private sector owns the land and now the Government just “It's just an agency to hand them over to other people to mine,” he said.
The truck drivers have protested against Section 106 of the Bharatiya Nyaya Sanhita (BNS) which has replaced the Indian Penal Code with a five-year sentence for drivers of smuggled vehicles.
The incidents that have happened in our country which have been shown and signified through the deterioration of various buildings around Meghalaya have shown that this rule of law is not happy at all. In Meghalaya under the leadership of the MDA government led by the NPP party. The incidents have explained and shown that if our leaders continue to smile and cleanse and all the people of truth shall be revealed.
It is learned that this person was arrested by the KSU Mawprem and he was spreading a lot of ethnic hatred through this group on WhatsApp.
The semifinal will be played on the 16th of November at 12 noon and 2 pm.
Process, who is also the Chief Whip of the Opposition, said that many of the people in the Wahkaji area are not happy with the Civil Sub-division because it is far away and they want to go straight to Mawkyrwat.
Replying to a question on the reason for the delay in the construction of Shillong Medical College while Tura College has progressed and completed 33 percent, the Minister said that the Tura College has been funded by the government. financial support was received from the central government.
Uncontrolled anger is a serious sin and often leads to strife, injury, and even death.
On the other hand, Bah Kimfa Marbaniang said that the reason for the meeting with the DGP is to ask him whether the Assam government will come back or not to evacuate the people in Langpih. .
Nongpoh: The driver of a clinker truck (AS-01-JC-7251) has been injured in an accident between two trucks on the NH-6 Umsning By-pass today. He was seriously injured when the vehicle he was driving collided with another Syiar truck (AS-01-NC-8892).
The hot air from this pajwa is carried by copper pipes about 12 inches in diameter, which run all around the house and end like an atoskhana in the house opposite the pajwa. .
The Bicycle Rally started from the Compound of Kiang Nangbah Govt.
Shillong, June 16: An elderly man from Umsaw village in West Khasi Hills has been evicted from the village on charges of witchcraft.
The participants asked many questions to the officers about the water treatment plant.
Sources said that the smuggling of elephants from Upper Assam is nothing new.
He said that if the government understands that there is no corruption, it should not be afraid to reveal the facts that there is no corruption. you are the truth.
The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) has announced that after a two-year contract with Officer's Choice Blue, it has signed another sponsorship for the SPL 2021-2 The winner will receive a cash prize of T.3 lakh which has been increased to 50 percent.
Research has shown that spending time with loved ones is very valuable.
The number of people infected with the coronavirus in the United States has reached 4 million so far and the disease is spreading rapidly in Arizona, California, Florida, Texas and California.
He said that this Legal Notice will also be the last opportunity to correct the wrongdoings which have defamed the dignity of Lalremsanga.
Until the end of the match, Laitkroh could not score a single goal and suffered a defeat in this tournament.
This age is an age of struggle in all aspects of life.
Ferdinand Dkhar 55' and Rining Sutnga 57' scored the goals for Lumshynngan SC.
This is very wrong, the villages should not be responsible for treating those who have been infected, even if they get infected themselves.
The Syiem and Ministers have authorized the villagers of Raja Khomai, Raja Bala, Belahari and Mawdem to farm in these areas. land within the boundary of their residence so that the people of Assam will not be able to come and skut land and come to work, because if they shrah shrah the land of the Hima will be taken away. as has happened in other parts of Meghalaya.
Four minutes into the second half, PSG scored the second goal through Vitinha.
They also prepared a bomb and a ksing, the traditional costume of the Meghalayans.
If these are found, the city will punish them with a heavy fine.
Rupang today visited Nongbah Mawshuit village which is the center of all the seven villages of Raid Mawshuit to find out why the people are not getting ration.
Billy Graham has never been to church before.
All the brothers are afraid and tremble, They are afraid of their souls; If the brother does not go to steal;
Speaking to reporters during his visit to Shillong, he said that the Congress party is strong and this position of the party will attract 100 per cent of the residents to win in both the elections. seats.
The doctors gave him a drip after they came for a daily examination and when they examined his health, they found that his body was swollen. They should be given an intravenous fluid drip to prevent any physical damage caused by the infection.
The restautant is open until 7pm.
The HYC-JC General Secretary Roaming Lamare, HYC-WJC President Yoohunki Shylla, Organizing Secretary Meshwa Khongiong and others in collaboration with the Rangbah Shnongs went to collect trading license and labor. license for foreigners who trade in these villages on the India-Bangladesh border.
At the same time, the Minister said the government has set a target to have X-rays and USG for Bhaitbari CHC before the end of
In the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy, Arunachal scored 153 runs while Meghalaya's Elchiang Ch Momin scored 4/34 and Anish Charak 3/2 and Robert Sangma 2/3
Along with him, two other leaders, Opratis Diengdoh and Shiningstar Syiemlieh, came to join the party.
"Leave it we'll see later, there's still plenty of time" the officer suggested.
Kushwaha is the Minister of State for Education.
“If you want to leave the party, there is a clear path to it. It is to walk straight through the front door and enter straight through the front door of any political party,” she said.
The more houses there are, the more workers are still needed.
He was taken to the Civil Hospital, Nongpoh but later shifted to the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
Shillong, November 12: The Traffic Branch of Lumdiengjri Police Station, Shillong for the second time has taken responsibility to repair the GS Road in Lumdiengjri, Shillong. This road has been badly damaged and has caused heavy traffic jam.
D Lyngdoh and the Village Authority together with the VDPs have arrested these people who were known as Synshar Swer and Syngkur Swer. throw only this kiad on the ground so that they cannot sell it, and after this we have put a warning not to sell it anymore from today and on this day we on the part of the village we have put a warning that Finally, if we find that you are still doing this, we will punish you according to the law because for this reason, many problems have arisen in the society every day.
He said that he had prayed to God how to contest from Mawlai, because he is not from Mawlai, even though he has children who live in Mawlai Umsaw and he has only a few friends. you recognize.
In the tableau presentation, the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency came first, followed by the District Commerce and Industries Centre, Mawkyrwat in the second place and the National Rural Livelihood Mission in the third place.
Shillong, Nailur : Various schools in the state have expressed their concern over the Diploma in Elementary Education (D.El.) programme.
The reason was because her mother and father did not allow her.
Mooknor Thadmuthlong scored the first goal for Morningstar Lyngdoh in the 31st minute.
Jesus gave His life for others, suffered and died for shepherds, fishermen, tax collectors, lepers, crowds, workers , women, orphans and for you and me.
Jowai, July 30: An elderly Rangbah of Kyndongtuber village, Wilybert War, 79, has expressed his deep dissatisfaction with the working methods of the Sub- Center (Dispensary) is located in Kyndongtuber, West Jaintia Hills District.
It was a need for those who heard the word of the Lord.
(Pray much for others.
The NGT has already ordered the weigh bridge to install an Instant Printing Device which can weigh only 9 tonnes per vehicle. This has also created difficulties for the employees of these departments to weigh exactly and if the goods exceed 9 tonnes they have to unload them and for this reason the weighing of only one vehicle has fallen. This has caused the coal trucks to stop for many days in many places.
In this regard, since last year and this year due to the outbreak of covid 19, no special programs such as public awareness and tree planting programs have been held.
He also reminded that the government will fully implement the Rimuliang and Shahlang C&RD Block, that the government will allocate funds for the prevention of landslides along the Riangdo River, training centers for farming. to provide assistance to protect the rice fields in Wahblei from floods.
Sibilda Maring came third in the women's High Jump with a height of 1.35M to secure the bronze medal.
There is too much unemployment among the Khasi youth even after they have understood how to spread their education in many lines.
However, Umrit scored another goal in the 80th minute through Modesterson Matlai but Umkseh FC turned the tide seven minutes later through Rangkitbok Rani. this match is 2 to
When you arrive at the Park.
Therefore, the KSU has urged the DC to take action on this issue and punish the officers involved in the appointment of jobs without doing so in the right and transparent manner.
After a few minutes of play, Mawlai scored the first goal in the 7th minute.
The Chief Minister was speaking a day after the Revenue Minister James K Sangma announced that the government has decided to cancel the MRGA 2021 after protests from the civil society. , Dorbar Shnongs, religious organizations and the public to bring the casino to the state.
These children will be tested in four categories: 20M Sprint, 10M Speed ​​Ladder Run, Compass Drill and Vertical Jump.
However, according to the understanding, this Bill will take time because there will be a consultation on how to implement it so that the concerns expressed by the MHA will not become a problem for the state. The Mawlong Presbyterian Church (Sohra Presbytery) invites all the Mawlong believers who live outside Mawlong who still have church names and Mawlong Church on 26.11.2023, at 10:30 pm and at the Closing Ceremony of the Quasquicentennial Jubilee. of the church at 1:30 pm.
On this occasion, Andrew Shullai, MDC of JHADC, expressed his strong opposition to the government's decision to move the North Jowai Division from Jowai to Shangpung.
In our view, it seems that drug dealers and drug traffickers have a great understanding.
Others still under NCB custody include Deepika Padukone, Sara Ali Khan, Rakul Preet Singh, Shraddha Kapoor and famous designer Simone Khambatta.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: U Bah HS Shylla MDC, on Tuesday wrote a letter to the Minister in charge of DONER, Jitendra Singh, alleging that if there is a uranium mining in Mawthabah, it will show that the country will be destroyed. Khasi, will fall back under the rule of violence, as it was during the time of the British rule.
By Bah Philip Marwein It is unfortunate to say that the situation in the field of electricity in Meghalaya, as it is now, is very poor.
Miani was appointed by AICC President Rahul Gandhi. Miani is an MLA who has just won her first term from Ampati.
Therefore, it seems that it is only the Tanancy Act or the law to protect the tenants.
Meanwhile, the BJP leader declined to comment on the working methods of the incumbent MP from Shillong, Bah Vincent H Pala, who is from the Congress party, but expressed his dissatisfaction with the working methods of the MP. The NPP has won the election.
He was admitted to the hospital on 14.08.2022 and died on
Assam is ruled by Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Hindu-affiliated Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
Jowai, July 04 : To restore peace and stability in the border areas between the two ethnic groups, the Pnar and the Karbi, which has been going on for several months, since the outbreak of violence. The Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has installed an Entry Tax Gate at Khanduli village in West Jaintia Hills District.
and we did not reach the goal as we had hoped.
For Nangkiew Irat, this is their fourth consecutive defeat and they remain in ninth position.
This was announced in a statement by Samla Banlumlang Nonglang.
Markos Bareh scored the first goal from the penalty spot in the 11th minute.
Other quarter final matches will be between Seng Khasi College, Shillong and Kiang Nangbah.
The goods to be transported to Dubai will pass through Varanasi and include soybeans from Uttar Pradesh, soybeans from Guwahati and soybeans from Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh.
The Overseas Nursing Job Fair held last year has turned into a milestone and an opportunity for 27 nurses from Meghalaya to prepare for their mission to Japan after graduation. completed Japanese language training.
Speaking on the father of the nation, the Prime Minister said that Gandhi considered health as an important part of the country and wrote a book titled 'Key to Health' and this theme.
Such a government will bring us concern that the central government may take advantage of the repeal of laws like the Land Transfer Act which they understand is an illegal counting of other Indians to buy land in this state of yours.
Members of the Executive Members were also elected.
As far as we know, he is the only Khasi who has been able to cross the Bramaputra River to this day.
The Synod also said that the UCC will affect the marriage system, inheritance, jait system that the Khasi people used to take from the woman.
The Nongkrem Circle of the UDP has already approved the name of the incumbent MLA Bah Lambor Malngiang for the 2023 elections.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, General Secretary of the Union of Hynniewtrep Rulers, Bah RL Blah, he said that he has not yet received the letter but he has heard from the Rangbah Shnongs. by writing it is still difficult for him to communicate.
We think only of ourselves, only of our own soul to be saved from hellfire, but we don't know that when we ignore the problems and sufferings of others here on earth, in that moment we die. lose and give up your soul, your life.
At the same time, the city police have deployed security around the hospital to prevent any incident.
Nikman Ch Marak, Deputy Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC), who leads the Garo National Council (GNC), the oldest national party of the Garo people and the leader of the Garo National Council (GNC). They stood up to demand Garoland State.
Why? Because man was created in the image of God from the spirit.
To overcome all these challenges, it is up to the government to start looking for ways and means so that when it wins, it can start working.
The MDC, at the same time, urged the users of social media to take care of their words, and it is not good to just say rude words, and urged the NGOs to take action and beware of such things that affect the dignity of women.
The ATSUM leaders also informed that they will take special measures to explain to the state government before it goes to submit its opinion to the Central Government.
Following this, in a special document for those coming to the site, the President described her impressions where she wrote, “It was a very interesting experience for me to board the plane The Sukhoi-30 MKI Fighter Aircraft of the Indian Air Force.
At the EMRI office in Lawmali alone, there are about 18 vehicles that have collapsed and may not be able to run anymore.
The new rule on marriage by false promises is also an addition.
Three days after he went missing, he was suspected to have drowned along with two others in the Blei River in Maweit area of ​​West Khasi Hills, on the 17th of November In 2023, the body of Hubert Marthong from Maweit village was found by one of the fishermen from the same river.
People who have many cars don't care about Odd – Even, they have cars and odd and even.
Speaking to media in Nongpoh, Bah B Sohtun President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Border Area in the presence of Paiem Miwel Shadap Syiem of Raid Nongtung, Bah Aloysius Bina Secretary and other dignitaries said that The Shad Lakhympong will be held on the 21st and 22nd of June at Ummat Village in a different and beautiful manner where even people from outside the state will come to witness the Shad Lehñiam.
On the other hand, he declined to comment, but said that the FOCUS scheme aims to support the farmers in the state as the scheme has already been launched in the presence of the Chief Minister. Conrad Sangma, who allocated this donation of T 5000 to the producer groups who have been involved in each district across the state and in the villages where they live, to receive Assistance as grant to farmers including those who grow rice or vegetables, jhur ki jhep and others to improve the income of the groups that have created this ban “It is not good to do politics in the public service when the government is doing good. “It is his speech, just to become a political party for his own party,” said Bah Banteidor.
The beautiful appearance of the lymphuin and its shapely body attracted the attention of Panah, who was at home and saw her day and night.
The presence of Nagas in parts of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur will be resolved later.
He said that the lack of intervention of the Committee regarding the widespread destruction of forests shows that the members of the Committee have forgotten that the destruction of forests has a serious impact on the environment and the environment. It is also the cause of the change of seasons until the agriculture is no longer as it used to be in previous years.
Sapna did not want to take her two children with her and they are now in the care of her father, Uttam.
Similarly, the road from Nongkasen-Mawkaton to Jaidoh is still in poor condition and it is clear that the PWD Sub-Division Nongkasen has not taken care of these old roads.
He said the amendment to the Act not to allow a person to contest for two or three seats is a decision and a law to be made by the legislators by the Parliament or the Legislative Assemblies of the States.
This will also prevent corruption.
The reason is that one vehicle was used for each child and thousands of vehicles had to line up on the same road for thousands of children.
This pain can be severe and sometimes less so.
He said that the KSU has also sought clarification why the elderly people who have reached the age of 60 or 70 years now come out suddenly during the elections to register their names to vote and where they are going.
This is a good sign for us to build ourselves and our families tomorrow,” said the brother.
At least 104 people have died while waiting for help in the city today after being shelled by troops, the health ministry in Gaza said. of Israel.
He also spoke about the need to improve the Mawphlang-Ballat Road, to widen the roads and to provide other development projects for Mawsynram especially in terms of tourism.
The program was conducted by the Principal of the school Bah Kyrshan Marngar in the presence of teachers and students.
A further 35 research collaborations in emerging technologies are currently funded by the US National Science Foundation (NSF) and the Department of Science and Technology (DST) of India.
“It is surprising that even once these councils set up by the state government do not hold meetings to discuss and give their opinion to the government as assigned to them but according to the RTI it has been revealed that 4.3 crore only to pay the salaries of the chairman.
Police have arrested two youths from Mawlong Market area and are investigating.
Khrawkupar Tamu scored the first goal for Malki in the 90+2 minutes.
Dehradun: Earlier, there was a dispute between Yoga Guru Baba Ramdev, who said that allopathy is a stupid science and that 50,000 doctors have death from covid; even if they have been injected with covid, up to two times; However, now he has appeared with his follower, Acharya Balkrishna, alleging that there is a strong campaign to convert the people of the country to Christianity in these days. @yogrishiramdev jee has been insulted by the treatment of #Yoga and #Ayurveda.
"The helicopter was on a rescue operation from Gauchar to Guptkashi and Kedarnath and crashed while it was trying to turn back. The investigation into the incident is ongoing. The rescue operation will continue,” said an Air Force chief.
Lahalein village on the India-Bangladesh border in East Jaintia Hills will be a memorable day for the opening of the first fish farm in the area on the 9th of this month. moon.
I have visited some of the institutions and there has been a lot of interest in the students," he said.
Another decision taken at the meeting was to ban the parking and drinking in vehicles at night on the roads in the area.
As a member of the Constituent Assembly, he had the opportunity to introduce the 6th Schedule into the Constitution of India, which has been a true protection for the Tribals in the North East. all of which includes real estate protection and other security measures.
“The MBDA has come to explain and meet with us the owners of the wooden bridges and we welcome their visit and explanation, which came from the consultant Sanjiv Shankar,” they said.
This rule stipulates that if the comments of the Governor, on the recommendation of the Prime Minister, do not arrive within six months from the date of receipt of the recommendation, the State Authorities shall be deemed to have nothing. no more to say or explain about that suggestion, and it cannot be carried forward.
The meeting clearly understood that this is the political scheme of Bah PN Syiem, CEM to form the PDF as another national party, a new one and that he has his own candidate from Nongkrem Constituency. from the PDF and this will appear when the time comes.
He said that the Quit Notice issued by the Union of Waheh Chnongs Jowai against the seven villages is unacceptable, because even if they cannot break the garbage for a few months, they understand the Quit Notice. He said that the SWCs should join hands to endure this problem. How do they think about those people who have been suffering from this for 20 years? the problem.
“I hope that this SHGs Mela should not end here, but should be about sharing knowledge with others,” said Bah Eson Kharymmai, DMM, MSRLS in his opening remarks. on this day.
Shillong: There have been 828 new cases of coronavirus in East Khasi Hills today with 392 cases.
“Why this complaint has come out now, not in previous years, this may be someone's fear of the current EC which is working and moving forward,” he said. that Ad Rules 17 1(a) does not refer to public leaders holding two positions but only to government employees who are not entitled to hold two positions and also as leaders.
Students of the College of Agriculture, Kyrdemkulai, Ri-Bhoi District, Meghalaya who completed the Rural Agricultural Work Experience (RAWE) were also present.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The implementation of the CPC, CrPC by the government is the darkest day for the country, the nation and the state as a whole. whole.
The mother of seven children, four of whom are young, said that she has to stay temporarily with her relatives, because she has not been able to build a house.
However, he said that he could not do anything because he said that during the reign of Hitler, he said that when they sent a suggestion to the Coal Department of the Indian government, they came and told. He said that as soon as the government takes over in 2018, the first thing that was discussed was how to Through the affidavit sent by the MDA government, it has lost sleep, because it has considered each and every issue, because the decision of the Supreme Court is wrong especially Your division bench, you don't have any more space.
Why do you have to believe in the name of Jesus? Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.
“Earlier, the President of the NPP Meghalaya Dr. WR Kharlukhi said that if the people elect Bah Hamlet again, they will see him again in the cabinet while if they elect others, they will be on the sidelines. Against.
The Government of India has decided to resume the operation of the Missionaries of Charity (MoC), a Catholic charity, which has been suspended in recent days. start with Mother Teresa.
This is the reason why the people of the region and Manipur have started to accept our party and it is also the reason why the party has started to grow in the region and Manipur,” he said.
HANM urges all the residents of EWKH especially the students to join in the march which will start at 8 pm on the 31st June, .
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The United Achik Liberation Army (UALA) will hold a rally on Tuesday, June 29, 2016 at Dikki Bandi Square, Dakopgre, Tura. They will be present to hand over the sports equipment to the government in the presence of Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, Defense Minister Roshan Warjri and other religious leaders and intellectuals.
They will also meet with the CEMs of the three ADCs and the CEOs of the Shillong, Tura and Jowai Municipal Boards.
He praised the state-owned company MeECL for generating about 200 MW of electricity in the last 95 years.
The landslide occurred due to heavy rainfall in the area in the past few days and now in the evening.
Shylla said that since the time of the former CEM, he has said that there is no intention to convert the money into the implementation for the Council, but it should be distributed to the MDCs for the needs of the Council. He added that the EC will monitor whether this method is used with the consent of the former EC or the sole decision of the former CEM.
A day or two later it was announced that the earthquake had subsided with the fervent prayers of the prayers.
At the same time, he said that the Congress will not take a resolution against the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA)
According to the list released by the MBoSE, women performed better in both the games.
In Tura parliamentary constituency, 12-Chandmary in North Tura had the highest number of voters with 1324 voters and 53-Narigre in Williamnagar had the lowest number of voters with four voters.
Speaking on the issues for Nongkrem, Lamare said that one of the most important issues in Nongkrem is the lack of a health centre.
Because of this cleansing of the meiramew, which later cleanses it, even a temporary rain is sufficient to carry and destroy the soil that has been cleansed, to carry and cover the soil and therefore to terrible damage.
The school has been destroyed from the benches to the roof and there are about 104 students studying at the school.
On the other hand, there are those who say and believe that their ancestors came from the East or the West but they don't know the origin of the people because they have long since arrived in this place where they live now. we have to dig and search carefully to find our own source of human nature that is accurate and stable.
It has been seen almost every day that the Sengbhalang has arrested others who have entered the state with the intention of going to work around the country.
Pangñiang said that the construction of the monument at this place is not just a name but it has a profound meaning, because if it were not for the efforts of (L) Maieit Hoipngstone , to include Langpih Sector in the Census and Electoral Roll of the United Khasi & Jaintia Hills, during his tenure as MLA/MDC from 1962 to 1967-71 and MDC from 1958-1967, 1967 to He was also the Executive Member in charge of the Inter District Boundary during the rule of the Assam government.
He said that as the government, they want to ensure that all the works go smoothly in all four phases and that NHIDCL together with the contractors take responsibility for the work.
Shortcomings in Aadhaar Registration, Information Promotion and Recovery of Lost Names: The use and demand for Aadhaar numbers is increasing and government and non-government agencies are increasingly enforcing people.
The children were taken and placed in a cow dung pond, which was well maintained and covered with flowers, where the parents had to put their children in the cow dung pond. .
Except for a few villages that could not attend.
All these are the good deeds of the Lord,” said Bah Boniface Khonglah.
Nambie Marak said that after moving to Chennai, she started her own YouTube channel called 'Eat Your Kappa' of the residents of the Northeast.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Corlos Kharmih, Working President of FKJGP Sohra Circle, said that the HNYM's hand over to the Hima Sohra has affected the people of this area.
Next month, the ration will be released for the months of May and June and the ration will be available at the FCI during April and will be distributed in April.
Some farmers from Nongstoin, Markasa, Marngor, Mawliehbah, Rambrai and Riangdo said that as the years go by, the agriculture is no longer the same as in the past.
It kind of doesn't give life.
God says, that this same blasphemous rejection of the prophecies will punish people no longer with water but with fire from heaven 2 Peter 3:7
The General Secretary of the party, Samla Namphrangmi L.Talang, said that the passing away of Samla Heimonmiki L.Tariang, President of the party, has been a great loss and sorrow not only to the family of the party. Your family but also the whole organization is sad about this.
Therefore, we can request the government to provide the IG Stadium as a training ground for women,” said the WFI. Shillong Premier League 2023-24 will be played between Nongthymmai and Rangdajied United FC.
The picture that has been circulating shows the shooting of several scooty drivers in Dhankheti.
Ban false witness,
Did law enforcement not know? Where are the CID and the government police? The Panaliar Village has done so, without doubt that the village has been able to see these dirty deeds.
He didn't want to make it easier for him to escape the long journey and he didn't know that the school he was studying was near class Xii.
Speaking at the Rozgar Mela organized by NEHU, Shillong, the Minister said that the Government has decided to introduce other measures to fight against poverty in the state.
Shillong, November 19 : The High Court of Meghalaya on Tuesday ordered the State Government to immediately dismiss the Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Jaintia Hills for his lack of skills. to stop the smuggling and smuggling of coal in the District.
He said that he is confident that through this stadium it will be of great benefit to the village and the Mawlangwir Sports Club to be able to hold more major tournaments by attracting more spectators and players.
It was a pleasant and rewarding experience.
“We have tried our best to conserve water as it is important to ensure the sustainability and restoration of water sources,” he said.
According to government officials, after receiving information from intelligence agencies from across the border, the Customs Preventive Forces of Imphal Branch stopped a Maruti. van at Pallel village while passing on NH
Bakshi knew that Jaynie and others were giving counseling to these women.
“Although I have held this position, it doesn't mean that I have completed it.
Besides these areas, the IMD has also said that other districts will receive rainfall although it will not be as heavy as in these districts.
The pedestrian bridge, which was opened three days ago, after repairs, but collapsed at 6.30 pm on Sunday.
Besides the demand for a salary increase, Bah Kharraswai said that the Union has informed the Minister of Health and Family Welfare regarding the quarters of the EMRI-108 employees who have been destroyed. There is no electricity, there is no water supply and many injuries to the workers.
Symper Rangers scored 75/6 in 14.3 overs.
The same magazine continues: 'Lapang was also the Chairman of the North East India Trust for Education and Development (NEITED), but had resigned after the Housing and Urban Development Corporation Limited of Meghalaya filed charges against the Trust for default on loan taken in 2003-2004.
Cameo Lamare took four wickets and Wellmanson took two wickets.
Shillong: The Society for Environmental Protection and Sustainable Development (SEPSD) has expressed its strong opposition to the proposal of the Ministry of Environmental Impact Assessment 2006 to amend the Environmental Impact Assessment 2006 according to the recent notification.
We will have a meeting of the leaders of these two parties on the 7th of this month.
Lahkmen said that as the Prime Minister has already promised that once he receives this letter, the government will take this matter to the Central Government. The State Government will take action to do what is necessary.
Shillong, Lber, 08: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (KJAI) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the petition sent to the Government of India requesting the North East Sunshine Trust (NEST) to revive the project. to mine uranium in Meghalaya.
It is on this basis of change and change in the world that God speaks, “Let not the rich man glory in his wisdom, nor the mighty man in his might, nor the rich man in his riches. he.
"It will also be something that residents of the Northeast will not be able to accept," he said.
"The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has also announced that it has launched a digital platform known as U-WIN to assist health workers to monitor and ensure that children and poor women get it right.
Relatives of these students, Samla Pauldeep Tongwah, President KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, Samla Rutherford Lyngdoh, Samla Teiborlang Kharwanniang, Samla Evansroy Nongrem, Education Secretary KSU SWKHD and others were present on the occasion.
In a letter sent to the Chief Secretary, Bah Donald P. Wahlang, Dr. Sangma said that some NPP supporters have threatened to set fire to his house. as a punishment for the ongoing government formation events and the intention to shake up the government.
“Although we don't want to announce our names, there are some constituencies where we are not happy to win this election,” said the party leaders.
The State Government together with the Government of India have deployed up to 10,000 security personnel during Modi's visit to Shillong to campaign for the BJP candidates. They sat down for a while and stood up again from their seats to call out to the people who had been blocked by the police.
Shillong, July 20: The Union Minister of State for Defense and Cooperation, Amit Shah on Thursday said that the past 10 years under the leadership of the Prime Minister of the country Narendra Modi has been crucial to the development of the North East in the 75 years since independence.
Members of the opposition including the HSPDP, UDP, Congress and Independent told Prestone that Chairman LG Nongsiej has been involved in the conduct of the dorbar by not allowing the Executive Committee led by Pynshngain. N Syiem in the dorbar held today.
On the other hand, the HYC War Jaintia Circle, expresses its appreciation to such people who are willing to help others in such a time of crisis.
s“Be a minute and you will become a man.
:The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Nongnam area together with the members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawkyrwat Circle led by Bah Rutherford Lyngdoh General Secretary Bah Pauldep Tongwah President KSU Mawkyrwat Circle. KSU SWKHD today inspected the PMGSY road which is about 19 kilometers from Photjaud village to Mawbri, Nongnam and 6 villages. Other villages have been affected by the contractor's failure to complete the construction of this road until today.
Shillong: A total of 510 people have been injected with the coronavirus in 12 districts today.
Through this day, the MLA also inaugurated the development schemes of Umjari Mathan Govt LP School and also to the Iing Dorbar of this.
Therefore, I would like to ensure that such activities are not carried out by any person or group.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 05: The exercise between the Indian and Malaysian armies to strengthen the relationship between the armed forces of the two countries and to strengthen security has reached The meeting was held at Umroi, Ribhoi District on Saturday.
He said that under the leadership of the MDA government, it is true, because high level people are still able to transport coal illegally every day as they wish.
The Minister urged the herbalists to work hard to have skills as without skills it is not reliable and cannot be profitable.
The program was held at Tirot Singh Memorial Hall, Pyndengumiong, Mairang. The Deputy Commissioner of Eastern Khasi Hills District, Bah W.Nongsiej was the chief guest. VC War, Principal of Mairang Vidya Jyoti Inclusive School, Mairang, BL Mawnai, Director of Makarious Medical Center Mairang, Dr MM Syiem and others.
The company was detained and suspended in Kuala Lumpur on 29th January due to the debt of the company. to get to where they want to go down.
If you do this, you need about 10 seeds per acre and the yield is about 5 to 6 months.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, today said that the Government of Meghalaya has issued a notice to ban all types of charitable activities under the Meghalaya Taxation Act including fetes, fairs, circuses, Performances and others including sports, drama, musical activities organized by any organization registered under the Societies Registration Act, shall obtain tax-free approval from the office of the Commissioner. of Taxes including the authority from the office of the DC to conduct these activities, and if it is not allowed to conduct such activities.
“We have agreed to conduct joint inspections in the areas where there is a lot of violence to bring peace and trust to the people and also to urge the District authorities, residents and officers in charge of the areas to refrain. from any activities that could lead to conflict,” said Conrad.
Complete as planned and don't delay because delay doesn't bring peace as it gets smaller and smaller and it will continue to cause problems to the inheritance.
“If he cannot prove it, he should immediately withdraw the MPDA against the party leader within 48 hours,” said the statement.
The Meghalaya High Court has acquitted Bah Teiborlang Pathaw in connection with the case he has been fighting for several years regarding the charges related to the Employees Provident Fund (EPF). on 10th June, 2023 after several hearings in the case filed against Bah Pathaw during the tenure of Bah Pathaw in charge of the Agency in 2017, before he became a public leader.
These companies are stealing lives from our country.
He said that the new price for the test will be fixed by the state government at the upcoming meeting.
She said that the method of placing them is not to put them lyngkar, but to cover them with plastic and not to build a tank and she did not find any damage from this place.
Runners from all over India came to take part in the marathon.
Not only the registration of young people, but the CEO said that the Election Department has also conducted a public awareness campaign on how to use EVMs and VVPATs. He said that the registration of voters is not openly accepted but is based on rules and evidence and those who do not have sufficient documents to prove that Indians cannot enter the country. the list of voters.
In the previous matches of the group held in Bengaluru, HK Singh Secondary School under the leadership of Bah Hopingstone Suting (coach) beat Sainik School 3-0 and Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan ( KVS) beat Maharashtra 1-0
Metbah Lyngdoh said that as an MLA, Ganold Stone Massar is a very smart person to take part in the discussions on the development of Meghalaya.
This was announced at a meeting held on the 11th of this month at Umwang Square.
He said that the Governor has sent to the Ministry of Home Affairs to review these Bills and the delay in approving these Bills has caused fear among the Village Authorities and doubts about the. opinion of the government in which they launched a massive public protest.
The Union said that if any tanker drivers or assistants are found committing illegal activities, the police can arrest them according to the rules of law and the union will cooperate without any forgiveness. “They should not be punished,” Ramen said in the letter.
“When I study abroad, the job is there, the salary is good, the salary is high, the lifestyle is comfortable but I choose the path. the difficulty is to bring a new way of thinking for the people".
Nongstoiñ: Nongstoiñ Police Station, Nongstoiñ, on Tuesday evening at about 3:00 pm, received a tip on the presence of a person who was running a market in Nongstoiñ for selling fake challans. to carry and transport coal.
Chonseng Momin took 2 wickets and Drewil Marak took 1 wicket for GHADC. GHADC scored 112 runs for the loss of 6 wickets in 20 overs. .
Shillong, Nailar 24 : The Meghalaya Judo Association (MJA) has qualified for the National Games 2022 to be held at Gandhi Nagar, Gujarat from 27th November 2022 to 10th March Young players have been selected to take part in the tournament.
Students who wish to know more about CUET can visit the Public Notice of the National Testing Agency dated 9 June 2023 on their website, www.nta.
He said that it was through the courage and wisdom of Bah Pyniaid that all the facts were revealed and praising Bah Pyniaid he said “Politics is a game, we have to praise the person who play for good".
He said that the Act does not stipulate that there should be a legally recognized marriage certificate for various purposes related to the government.
He said that they should understand that the destruction of forests, trees, the dumping of garbage and plastic into the hills and rivers is a problem for the human beings. in many aspects such as access to clean oxygen to breathe, food to eat, soil fertility for the proper growth of plants and trees, orderly movement the sky and so on.
Shillong, November 30:
He also alleged that if the BJP wins 370 seats, they will amend the Constitution of the country by removing the word 'Secularism' in order to achieve its goal of achieving secularism. country of the Hindus.
The result is that the nation is in turmoil because it is not happy in any religion and as a nation it does not have its own identity.
“It is important that the people of the country do not suffer from lack of opportunities if India is to rise to where it should be,” he said.
Chutwakhu scored the first goal in the 9th minute through Luckyness Khyriem and this goal lasted until the end of the first and second half.
Both the teams will be in Tier 1 and the strongest teams will include Mizoram, Karnataka, Punjab, Kerala and others.
In the beginning God did not put death – when they disobeyed God's law, death came upon them and all mankind because of sin.
In his speech, the President stressed that the BJP believes that in democracy, the citizens should come forward to express their feelings and especially their aspirations.
When asked whether there has been any discussion on the UDP's demand to change the leadership of the ARPA in the place of Ardent M Basaiawmoit, UDP Dr. Jemino Mawthoh said there has been no discussion. Any discussion and decision will be taken by the CEC of the party.
“Drinking coconut water has many benefits because coconut water is low in carbohydrates, at least 99% free from fat and low in sugar.
He said that the BJP leaders in the state have gone to mislead the people about the rule by saying that it will not work in the state. to mislead the people, how dare they mislead when once the Government of India passes a law that law will apply throughout the country, in the BJP ruled states which violate this law. “I've been tortured,” said Bah Man in the House.
Until now, the UDP media has not confirmed what the discussion was between them and Fenela.
Mrs. Wiary is the daughter of Ribiang Naziar, B Paka Naziar, Lajong Naziar, Singh Naziar and the wife of Sienika Naziar, Sam Sienika Naziar, Saje Naziar, Saia Naziar, San Sam Naziar, Syndur Naziar, Lutina Nazir, Riata Nazir, Arwotki Nazir, Friday Nazir, Chan and Nazir.
He said that the Meghalaya government has forgotten about the prostitutes during this time of covid, which they are facing and have no way to help themselves and their families.
“This is the party's security issue and it should not be discussed publicly,” said a Congress MLA. Politics is not a political party.
The bapli u paid knup paid trap finds it difficult to get his daily wage, which is accurate, which is enough to provide for his own needs or for his own family.
Shillong: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHDC) Tito Starwell Chyne today expressed his anger over the statement of Congress MLA from Mawryngkneng Bah David Nongrum against the District Council. Council should only spend the money.
In the presentation, Dr. AP Milton explained the cleanliness and hygiene practices followed in the meat factories related to the new era.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Metbah said that Thomas Jones' visit was not only to preach, but also to serve for the Khasi people.
“So far, there have been talks with the Governor to urge for the appointment of an Administrator in KHADC and a decision will be taken in these days,” said Dr Jemino.
Bah Shanbor replied, “Oh, tell me how it went.
Half of the tax, which was previously released from T.1.13p, per liter of petrol, has been lifted on 14th July
During the meeting, they also brought up issues that expressed their concerns and also the need to improve education in the state.
Khliehriat FC will face Sarki Phawa in the 14th Prize Money Knockout Football Tournament 2022 organized by Waikhyrwi Sports Club and Social Organization.
Nongpoh: A meeting between all the Ministers of Electricity from the North Eastern States, held in Guwahati today, was held in Guwahati. The 22nd North East Regional Power Committee was supported by NEEPCO and the Ministry of Power of the Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The GNLA has said that it is ready to come to the negotiating table with the government if it takes real action and has demanded that it should appoint ksiang to negotiate.
Samla Bishar Rekon said that the Seng will not stand idly by but will continue to follow up from time to time until it can be ensured that this mining will be safe for the people. I'm going to Rambrai.
The Union Minister said the Prime Minister's Program for Restoration, Awareness, Nurturing and Improvement of Fertility of Mother Earth (PM-PRANAM) has been launched to encourage States to improve the use of other fertilizers and fertilizers. that sboh medicine.
Emphasizing the cooperation of the Congress and the NPP in the District Council, Bah Ronnie said that all this is to protect the political system in Meghalaya. The community shall have the right to appoint an Administrator within the Council.
Speaking to media, the members of the Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA) said that this is an encouragement to them, and will mislead the society, by criticizing them.
On this occasion, the UCPF leaders and supporters have relied on Bah Sunshine Makri to get the UDP ticket from Umsning, so that what they want will come true and Bah Sunshine Makri will win from Usning. Constituency.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs said that the reason why they did not attend the meeting was that the government had treated them as dew thala without distributing or giving them a copy of the Bill.
Police sources said that ARSS employees have lodged a complaint with the police that members of the HNYF, led by Bah Bless Dkhar, President of Shillong Region, and other members, They assaulted one of the employees of the company and on this incident, the Dkhars, chased the members of the union, who were driving in an Alto and ran straight behind the company. car in Wahlykhat.
Police have arrested Damanbha Ryngksai, 26, from his body and seized 28 small song, T.6240/- tyngka, two mobile phones. This was announced by the Director General of Police, Dr. LR Bishnoi.
“According to him, the award for writers in these two languages ​​will be in the amount of 10 lakh tyngka each.
In the SHONGKHA SHONGMAN, we have seen that the cleanliness of the family has grown, many of the children are shipiah, these children have taken exactly the shape of the life of their father and it is very sad that we The blood of KHASI PAKA is being turned away from them, sometimes we see that when there is a protest against the authorities, most of the time it is these children of the shipiah who are in power who turn away from us.
Hek hopes that one day the state will be able to produce talented sports stars who can bring fame and glory to the state, their families and at the same time. to show to the world that Meghalaya too has been able to produce talented players.
Mr. Greenwell, one of the TB patients who agreed to receive support, was delighted to learn that someone in the community wanted to help him during his illness. care.
In the past 24 hours, two BJP offices have been attacked by angry mobs.
The players selected from this tournament will be selected to represent East Khasi Hills District in the State A Selection Chess Championship to be held by the Meghalaya Chess Association (MCA) this year.
Shillong, Lber 18: The members of the Umwai Dorbar Shnong, Shillong, on Tuesday, 23rd June, 2015, left the Dorbar Hall of the Dorbar Shnong which started at 6:30 pm. In the morning, and before leaving the dorbar hall, there was a protest against the appointment of Bah Lukas (Homer) Sohkhlet as Acting Sordar of Umwai by the Acting Sirdar of Umwai. Stephan Laloo, President of Mawlong.
Shillong, July 19: The State Government on Thursday decided to repeal the Meghalaya Civil Task Force Act,
Karen Rain, from the United States, shared her experience in an article published on Medium.
Besides Meghalaya, Assam, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram, Bangladesh and Myanmar were affected.
The first match of the U-15 Inter District Cricket Tournament 2023 ended with a draw between Ri-Bhoi and Shillong on Tuesday at Umbuda, India. -Fear.
Police have arrested the suspect for legal action.
To ensure that students receive training for JEE, NEET CUET and other entrance tests.
Lavinia Mebalari Myrchiang from St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Shillong came in 7th position from Nongtalang Village, Amlarem Sub Division.
He said that those who wish to help TB patients can register themselves through Ni-Kshay which is a specially designed web portal, and can fill in their names and requirements to become one of the helpers. , where the staff of the TB department will phone them and explain about the program and how many people want to help, which has been set at least 6 months to 3 years for the public to help the patients.
This rejection of Syiem Tirot Singh by the British Government shows that he was not a powerful man but a man who stood on his own ground without giving in to persecution. One of the French chiefs who fought against Tirot Singh said, “If all the Khasi chiefs had joined in this struggle which took place all over the country, which began with the massacre at Nongkhlaw, it would have been It has been a long time since the Khasi Hills”.
He also congratulated those teachers who have volunteered to teach during the promotion from Lower Primary to above.
Helen Giri also organizes various programs and festivals to promote the traditional music and dance of Meghalaya.
As for the poor and the disagreeable, the leaders treat them like a synrum.
Many of the teachers gave and explained during these two days.
And that is why a company has to be called to fill the social media of the government with the claims that the government has done this and that; many of them have become entrepreneurs and many such entrepreneurs.
It is learned that on Friday morning at about 7:00pm, these two youths had asked for a car from Meker Sutnga to book.
According to a statement from the President of Seng Khihlang, Bah HR Kurbah, the Seng Khihlang is deeply saddened by the plan published in U Rupang on He said that the group had no information about the robbery, the destruction of the Mawnongrim and the destruction of the altar on that day. The Khasi Seng left the area after the ceremony and said that this incident also happened while the police were also patrolling at that time and place.
Earlier, a speech was delivered by the Minister of Sports, Zenith M Sangma who said that this scheme has benefited the youth of the state.
In another incident, PR Marak Sub Inspector, raided illegal coal mining sites at San Kilo and arrested three coal miners Binod Basumatary, Bikram Sonal and Arjun Rai. and these coal mines are in the field of Mr. Willingnes Latam of Moopala.
He also spoke about the need to plant trees along the Shillong-Nongstoiñ-Tura road which is a beautiful road.
This was announced by the Minister of Electricity Abu Taher Mondal on Tuesday, adding that it is not easy for the Ministry to visit the electricity lines in every household because the electricity wires run inside the house. .
The passing away of Prof. Evanton W. Reade Syiem is a great loss to the College, the country and the nation.
The purpose of creating the Khasi songbook is to encourage the youth and the public to love Khasi songs,” said Bah Rana.
The BDO of Thadlaskeiñ, Dr Brightstar Langbang, said that the construction was funded under the Mahatma Gandhi National Employment Guarantee Act for the year 2015-2016 at a cost of T.45 lakh 50 thousand from the MBDA at a cost of T. lakh 25 thousand from the village contribution, T.3 lakh from the MP scheme, T.8 lakh from the Chief Minister's Fund.
The meeting welcomed the government's commitment to implement 22 entry and exit points in the first phase to be completed this year.
It has also been found that most of these schemes have been implemented in the 10 or 12 years before the elections to remind the voters of the 'work' of their leader.
The total number of cases has risen to 6,352 and the death toll has risen to
He worked as a teacher at Don Bosco School, Tura from 1st November 1972 to 25th June
Shillong: Grace Mary Kharpuri, MDC Nongshken constituency, has received the MDC ticket from the Congress party and she will soon join the party. He has won the MDC ticket from Nongshken constituency in the 2019 MDC election.
The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) has earlier rejected the blueprint of the State Government.
People living in remote areas need to improve their skills.
The Archbishop of Dhaka Archdiocese and Apostolic Administrator of Sylhet Diocese, Most Rev. Bejoy ND'Curze, OMI, announced the appointment of Bishop Gomes at the Bishop's House, Sylhet in the presence of the Priests. Sisters and Brothers from 8 Parishes who witnessed this great day.
The winner will receive a cash prize of 1.5 lakh tyngka while the runner up will receive a cash prize of 80,000 tyngka.
The Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle has requested all candidates to submit their marksheets, certificates and residential certificates by 20th December 2023 to Ma Francis Dkhar.
Women in Meghalaya have now received support through programs for the development of women.
“I feel I have to recover first and rethink the decision if this is the last fight.
The Union invites all men and women to attend the festival on the 19th November 2022 so that the objectives of the Union will be achieved.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 7: The District Agriculture Officer East Jaintia Hills District, in collaboration with the KVK as well as other departments, such as ATMA and Veterinary Department, on the 4th of this month, launched a Thuruk village under Saipung C&RD Block has conducted a training or awareness program for the farmers of Thuruk village under Saipung C&RD Block. farmers until the year
Shillong: The book 'A Brief History of the Presbyterian Church in India' written by Rev.Dr.J.F.Jyrwa has been published.
The meeting also decided that all the Syiems, Doloi, Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs should join hands to send a complaint to the Division Bench to suspend the order.
He said that there are some indigenous people or households who have appealed to the central government not to grant ILP to Meghalaya.
The bowlers played well today and took 23 wickets.
“The Committee has had talks with various political parties who came to participate in the meeting including the Garo National Council led by its leader through video conference. “The Committee feels that the VPP should also be present to discuss the reservation policy and to present its views on the reservation policy. “I have urged the President of the party to participate and inform the committee what they have to say on the Reservation Policy,” she said.
When we compare the incidence of the disease in the first wave and the second wave, we find that the number of cases and deaths from the disease is higher in the second wave. medicines and vaccines.
When asked where these goods come from, the traders said that these goods come all over India and even abroad. They said that the market is going smoothly only in the construction of the house.
Therefore, the time has come for the Village Authorities whether in urban or rural areas, through the VDPs, to look into this issue, because to leave it to the Sengbhalang to appoint mynder shows. but that they are not responsible for the future of the country and the nation.
The way Germans cut pigs is different from Americans, he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: U MDC from Nongstoin, Bah LG Nongsiej, is still an MDC from the HSPDP or an independent MDC. Rupang today spoke to Bah LG Nongsiej to ask whether he is still an MDC of the HSPDP or whether he is an MDC himself. I was expelled from the party at the party meeting held in Nongstoiñ and there were the leaders of the Central Body including the President Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit. MDC from LG Nongsiej.
Nartiang's school scored 80′.
This year, 118 cases of rape have been registered by the police but out of these, only 12 cases have been prosecuted which is less than 10%.
“A person who has created a good life can change again if he has failed once or twice and has thought carefully about these things whether in friendship, whether in school, college or university.
She said that since she worked there, she has never suffered from any illness that would lead to hospital except for minor illnesses.
The District Magistrate or Sub-Divisional Magistrate or any Executive Magistrate should ensure that the money should be paid to the families within 7 days along with other assistance.
At the same time, he said that these things happen in life through the blessings and blessings of God from above.
In her speech, Director General (Media), Sheyphali Sharan explained about the program – 'Matdata Junction: Every voter at your station'
The DIG said the state police department is trying to find out whether the NLCN has any links with any armed group from Nagaland.
She recently won two gold and two silver medals at the 45th National Arm-Wrestling Championship 2023 in Jammu. and Kashmir.
Two foreigners Numan Uddin and Salma Begum from Patharkandi village, Karimganj district, Assam were found entering Meghalaya through the Ratacherra check point.
However, it is only to fight against each other because the wealth of the state is run by only one party, the NPP,” he said.
A total of 375 candidates have prepared to contest from 60 constituencies including 36 in Khasi and Jaintia and 24 in Garo Hills.
Meanwhile, Bah DP Wahlang praised the hard work of the scouts and guides, their steadfastness and hard work until they completed the Rajya Puraskar.
The Court said that there is no need to issue any order as all the parties including the State Government have taken the matter seriously and have already held a meeting to identify the dumping ground. temporary.
The victim was stabbed by the villagers and both were taken to Shillong Civil Hospital.
Since its inception in 1944, the Nongthymmai SCC has been able to participate in football, hockey and athletics in which many prominent players of that time including Bah Yolster Kharkongor, H Ladia, Piswell Kharkongor and R. Phanwar are no longer there.
This is as a suggestion, and a little question for the benefit of families especially those who have teenagers.
On the other hand, he also spoke to the Chief Minister of Assam through the border talks.
Former MLA and Congress candidate from Mylliem constituency, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, on 7th June, has criticized other candidates for calling the Congress a ship that is about to collapse.
The UDP said that there has been nothing clear in the last 50 years and therefore the past should not be changed but from now on it should continue according to the reservation policy. was published in 1972.
You can apply for PRC card online or through the website along with the required documents such as EPIC or Aadhaar Card, Birth Certificate, Residential Certificate, ST Certificate, passport size, Admit Card from School and College together with Marksheet and proof of residence of parents.
Shiva Thapa of Assam defeated Services in the light welterweight category 60-63.5kg.
He is an encourager and has a main position as a coach.
He said this after seeing the statement by the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma that the AITC will cancel the soskular signed between Meghalaya and Assam if it comes to power in
Shillong, November 11: To promote the talent of young dancers, the 3rd Lower Limb Unit has announced that it will hold the All Meghalaya Dancing Championship which will start on the 21st of this month. month through the audition to be held at the Arts and Culture Hall, State Central Library, Shillong.
For Lumsliar Sliar, Dabid Dkhar scored two goals in the 55th and 59th minutes and Elja Ryngkhlem scored in the 8th minute.
So he went to hide all these items by burying them in the forest to escape from the hands of the police.
The circadian rhythm is the circadian rhythm.
The distribution of Musari was held at the Durbar Hall of Umsawnongkharai Village, where many members of the HYC witnessed the distribution of Musari. The HYC leaders said that the reason for the distribution of these Musari to the people is to help those families who are low income, so that they can benefit. and especially that they may be used to avoid being infected with these species.
