Titos said there are constituencies which should have been divided like Mawlai, Nongstoin, Mawrynkneng and others.
Nongpoh: U Bah Baiateilang Lapang, President of the Ri Bhoi Youth Organization (RBYO) has been arrested and taken to Byrnihat Police Station for further investigation. Pump from Byrnihat, who allegedly went to fill up petrol without paying and demanded money from a petrol pump in Byrnihat.
The new leaders of the Meghalaya Weightlifting Association include Donald Rymbai as President, Vice President, Flanagan Kharwanlang, General Secretary, Batskhem Basaiawmoit and other members and leaders of the Association.
Mawthoh said the UDP is strongly opposed to corruption and supports the investigation by the state government into the misuse of funds in GHADC. Shushan to destroy all the Jews in the Persian Empire and to throw fear, astonishment and confusion into the whole city and kingdom" (Esther) We read this command in the book of Esther (Esther 4) and this command put the Nongshusians and the citizens, especially the Jews, of the Persian Empire in great fear, surprise and confusion.
On this occasion, poetry, songs and thanksgiving speeches were performed by various groups as well as schools.
The program was organized by the PHE Department of the State Government at Tirot Singh Memorial Hall, Mairang.
In a statement sent by Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary of the Seng and Publicity Secretary, the Seng strongly condemns the arrest of Bah Tarson, who is not a member or supporter of the Seng. The HNLC has alleged that this is just a ploy by the police to arrest anyone when they do not find the people really involved in the incident.
They said that even so, due to poverty, they cannot afford to mine silimanite just to support their families.
Ryntih beat Malki 3-0 in the first leg, while Rangdajied United FC drew 1-1 with Mawkhar.
Vaccination is safe and protects children from 12 types of diseases, including diphtheria, pertussis, tetanus, polio, measles, rubella, hepatitis B, pneumococcal pneumonia, meningitis, pneumonia and Haemophilus Influenza Type. -B, Rotavirus and Japanese Encephalitis.
The Khasi elders tell us that in the past, the Khasi and Garo gave their jait to their father like other peoples.
The SP also urged those who have been involved in the incident to Bah Swer to come forward and lodge a complaint at the nearest Police Station.
They urged the Prime Minister to suspend the syllabus revision in 2024 and implement it from
“We urge the MLA to take a resolution in the Legislative Assembly that Meghalaya should expel Nepalis from the state by introducing a census year through the NRC and implementing the ILP,” he said. you're a news announcer.
The Women's League is the second season of the tournament and in the first season (2022) of the tournament, Mawlai SC won the title.
In collaboration on this issue, Usha International has provided training to learn and understand the techniques related to training, objectives, partnerships and implementation of the programme.
Speaking to one of the BJP leaders and Minister of State, Bah AL Hek on the preparations for the Lok Sabha elections, he said, “As the ruling party, and also the party. Meghalaya, which has contested in all the constituencies of the state, will nominate candidates from both the constituencies.
"On the other hand, the Manager of KYC, Bah Joyfulstar Marngar, congratulated the supporters who came around to encourage the team and urged them to come and encourage once again in this important match. .
Danggo won his first seat in 1998 from the Public Democratic Movement (PDM), which soon collapsed.
The HNYF Northern Region has also taken this step to provide assistance to Samla Gabriel Nongrum, after receiving information that he has been selected to lead India through the Indian Blind Football Team to play in England.
Ma Edwingson Bareh in his petition and appeal, which is also a strong foundation that testifies that we are one nation whether before the court or before man or God. We are the children of Hynniewtrep Talawiar, the Sohpetbneng of the middle of the world.
This song is a Pnar song, HER has a lot of meaning.
The permit will have a valid stay period.
He congratulated the MTTA for being able to organize this tournament in a short period of time.
Sangma said he has already spoken to many principals and many of them have expressed their willingness to proceed with the implementation of the NEP and the Government has promised to provide assistance if necessary. .
In the cultural programme, Kerlin Secondary School (KSS) came first, Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Mawlangwir (PHSSM) came second and Eleven Secondary School, Mawten (ESSM) came third. .
On the same day, a friendly football match was held at the opening ceremony of the training camp, in the presence of the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
The Rangbah Shnong said that on the day of the incident, the village authority had informed the Dawki police station for assistance as the water was too strong. With the help of the officer incharge of Dawki PS, they informed the SRT Shillong and the next morning their team arrived early in the morning at Darrang village. When the SRT personnel went down to the Umngot River, without taking any time, the body was recovered from the water within 5 minutes 30 seconds.
The environment means the nature and things around us.
The NPP leaders also stressed the need to improve the schools and training activities for the minorities in order to develop the region, especially the schools established by Christians who have provided services. which is good for this region.
“I have submitted up to 27 questions to the Mining and Geology Department.
“Before India's independence, the area where I came from (present-day Meghalaya) was rich in trade with Bangladesh through the border market and it was time for the Indian government to introduce another Look SOUTH policy specifically for our state,” said the MP.
The MHRC has written to the Meghalaya government through the Chief Secretary and the Director General of Police (DGP) to clarify what the government has done about the incident. in accordance with the order of the Supreme Court of India in November
Pastor PBM said that there were also allegations from Bah Paul that he was defeated because he (PBM) “I defeated him by 60 thousand votes, how can he say that he lost? "I'm sorry," said the pastor.
The players who will represent Meghalaya in this tournament are: Arbin Singh, Arien Bonchang Sangma, Bamanbha Shangpliang, Bijon Dey, Dippu Ch Sangma, Jaskirat Singh Sachdeva, Kishan Lyngdoh, Lerry G Sangma, Md Nafees Siddique, Ram Gurung, Raj Biswa, Swarajeet Das, Sanvert Kurkalang, Tarique SiddiqueSupport staff: Goutam Shome (head coach), Moisten Ch Marak (assistant coach), Surojit Biswas (physio), Vikash Singh Chauhan (trainer), Dister Marbaniang (manager)Ka Meghalaya's match schedule is: vs Arunachal Pradesh from 5th July vs Hyderabad, vs Nagaland from 12th July, vs Mizoram from 19th July, vs Sikkim from 26th July and 2nd June.
Unfortunately, at the age of 19, he suffered an injury and because of this, he chose to take another path, that is, to complete the coaching class.
Shillong: Unidentified robbers set fire to a temporary police station in West Karbi Anglong, district on the border of Assam and Meghalaya on Saturday evening.
The Minister also reviewed the working methods of the MHSSP at the meeting after a briefing on the working methods of the MHSSP by the Project Director of the MHSSP, Ramkumar SIAS. MHSSP has done and will continue to do chess.
He said that the Minister of Water Supply (PHE) is the MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency but the residents of this area are still suffering from water shortage.
The order came after many pharmaceutical companies around the world complained about the drugs sent by Indian pharmaceutical companies.
He was selected to represent India in hockey and to go to Jakarta in 1962. His mother forbade him and it was during the preparations that he was injured and could not play. go.
“We have searched and found another memo (Vide Memo No.DHS/MCH&FW/NHM/MLHP/20/2023(II)), issued on the 11th of this month in which it was ordered that as part of the To fill the vacancies of MLHP at Health & Wellness Centres, candidates will have to go through verification of documents and interview on the 17th of this month.
The members include the Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui, Comingone Ymbon, Nujorki Sungoh, MLAs and CEM of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat.
Nongpoh, November 08: The 2nd November, 2022 will be a memorable day in the history of Western Ri-Bhoi District, as well as in the state as a whole. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has laid the foundation stone for the upgradation of the Patharkhmah Administrative Unit to a Civil Sub Division.
It is learned that the situation is still tense but the police have tried to curb the riots in order to restore peace and order.
The third song is “Nadien Ngan Bud” composed by Ibasuklin Lyngdoh, produced by Kores LJ Film Studio Nongpoh and featuring Chirup Lanky. The song is composed by Precious Khongbah, the music director is Precious Khongbah, the singers are Kitboklang Thabah, Kores Marweiñ, Iba Warbah. , Trishika Maring and the song has reached 15 million viewers.
Kynjing District Child Protection Officer, Khliehriat and Incharge of Umkiang Police Patrol Post, D.Shabong.
Besides, what is more surprising is that on that day, they also held a meeting with the Nepalis living in Langpih.
The border talks between Meghalaya and Assam are meaningless if Block-II and Block-I are outside the agenda and, as others say, it would be better if they remained a dispute area. and maintain the status quo, in which both sides respect each other, without interference.
Queen's Sports Club and Bulawayo Athletic Club in Bulawayo, Harare Sports Club and Takashinga Cricket Club in Harare will share 34 matches between them. 18th May.
These may be some of the reasons why the Government has upgraded Jaraiñ PHC. To clarify, Jaraiñ PHC is only 6 KM from Amlarem and not 10 KM as reported by the Seng.
Percent : percentage – percentage is the percentage of a percentage.
“However, the union is surprised to see that the department has also ordered the shops to give red color to those who sell beef and white to those who sell pork. and to hide the meat through the iit iong so that the tourist authorities cannot see it,” said the statement.
"The teacher with a smile said, “Son, now I will answer your question of how to become a winner.
“The leaders of the MDA government are no longer only those who are arrogant but those who rape the Bri u Hynniewtrep, and if they want that casino to work why don't they take it to Garo Hills, why do they do shilliang Instead of bringing in those government-run schools, medical colleges and others which are for the benefit and blessing of the government”.
Five of the deaths were from East Khasi Hills District: 04 and Ri Bhoi District:
The Government should think carefully that the poor and innocent people in Laitlyngkot who go to Laitlyngkot who need the right to work, sickness, death and life, the poor and the happy are punished. However, without forgiveness, only to pay for the travel expenses, while the work of going back to Khanapara is a voluntary work and a job of giving medicines.
Shillong: The Union of Village Authorities (SNSBH) has expressed its deep concern over the passage of the CAB by the two houses of Parliament and its enactment with the approval of the President. of India by Ramnath Kovind.
When I grew up, I came to understand that the stories of the dragon, the beasts, and the number in the book of Revelation were merely symbols that reflected the social and political conditions of the time. of the ancient Roman Empire.
When they were about six years old, they planted them in the field.
Ms Manner urged the street vendors that if they have any problems they can come to her office to get more information on this Act and the benefits.
“We are ready to lodge a complaint with the SP of East Khasi Hills against those who spread rumors that the BJP is against and attacking Christians,” said Bah JA Lyngdoh.
Nongpoh, Nailur 06: U Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA of Nongpoh today inaugurated the football tournament held by the Ex-Servicemen at the Marngar Stadium.
“We don't oppose if the government erect signs from Zero Point and if it can't erect signs from Zero Point the people will lose their land,” said the KSU leader. to the MLA of the area who has not said anything on the life and death of the border residents and to the government under the leadership of the MDA which has dared to proceed with the erection of signs without the consent of the land owners.
Natasha Singh-Lewis, MP from the opposition, has ordered a thorough inquiry into the cause of the fire.
Nongstoin, June 24: The Secretary of the SMC Association, Bah Hopestandard Myrthong, in a statement today, said that the SMCs of all schools today held a General Meeting to discuss the Executive Order of the SMC Association. The Government of Meghalaya, which belongs to the education department, has said that from now on SMCs cannot appoint teachers and if any teachers have retired, they have resigned or died.
It was not pleasant for Hosea to do so, and it was not pleasant for Gomer to be alone at the festivals and to return home alone at midnight without a companion.
When the moon rose, Marchborn went to the showroom to buy a car.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday, 2nd November 2018, has expressed his deep sorrow over the order issued by the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong. The DSEO, East Khasi Hills, should withhold the results of those students who have not completed the Rubella vaccination, which was conducted in the past few months.
When he got out of the vehicle, he looked at the number plate of the vehicle to talk about the incident in the next step. The vehicle did not have a license plate number for the rear or front side.
Bangladesh army is searching for ULFA (I) leader Drishti Rajkhowa in parts of Sylhet, the report said.
Police have seized the Bolero Pik-up used in the kidnapping and the clothes of Bah Omega from Dewsaw Krang area and forest. Publisher.
“The CEC has approved the State Election Committee for the MP and MDC elections to select the candidates,” he said.
Just with the statements, I don’t feel we’re sure it won’t work.
Speaking to media, the President of the union, Samkupar Tron, said that the union has submitted the report to the officer to inform about many of the shortcomings in the school including the lack of electricity. , inadequate toilets, lack of computers although the school has provided training in this subject, and shortage of teachers and subjects.
If you are from Chong Chnong, please contact us to see this Sah Khana parom which will not be completed after a few days.
He said the search for others involved is ongoing.
The program was attended by leading members of the youth organization along with young women, fathers and mothers of Mawpharkhrew Village.
He said that Meghalaya has benefited greatly from foreign-funded projects worth Rs 7,500 crore through the central government.
He said that there should be vigilance and that there should be no irregularities in the implementation in the city and these should be accepted.
The Shillong Press Club (SPC) expresses its deep sorrow over the passing away of one of its former members, Bah Ronaldstone Syiem.
Last year, Mawlai SC and Lumparing SC were the other teams to qualify for the semi finals of the Women's League after winning the 2013 FIFA World Cup. four on Wednesday.
Rida carried the pla and her mother walked empty-handed except for the shatri she was wearing because the sun was too hot.
Remember that in the 19th and 19th centuries, there was a so-called “Enclosure movement” or the confiscation of public land by private individuals.
“We have come up with a solution to this problem to ensure that women are healthy.
How can this one-time distribution help the farmers?
The PDF also informed Prof. Shukla that the tuition fees at the School of Technology should be reduced as the tuition fees have caused problems to the students. read those who come from poor families.
DC By Pass Junction (No Entry): All vehicles passing through Stand War Road have been allowed to pass through the road behind the DC office and have not left the Nangbah River.
The union also vowed that if the DC does not do anything within a month, it will set up guards by the union members and village leaders.
One of these sheep, admitted, that these sheep, started to gather only a few, but later, they gathered lymbung in the same line and walked around.
On the other hand, the teachers yesterday praised those teachers who have received awards from the government but did not want to receive them as a sign of protest against the government's actions.
Shillong: Archbishop Dominic Jala, Archbishop of the Diocese of Shillong, has died in a car accident in the United States.
When you wear a mask, you can't wear a mask.
The main parts of this revolution were the protest for the implementation of Article 371 of the Constitution of India, which is a provision adopted by the Nagas, Mizos and others, which gives power to the state. that no laws of the Central Government cannot apply in a state under Article 371, if those laws are in conflict with the customs or culture of the indigenous people of that state.
Earlier, the state government had set up three new emergency service stations, nine police outposts and three new police stations.
After 400 years of preparation for the birth of Jesus Christ on earth, it was the time of salvation not only for the Jews but also for the Gentiles throughout the world.
Speaking to reporters, the Election Commissioner said that the result of the election will be announced before the 15th of June, due to the wishes of the people.
Finally, police arrested him from Atoskhanna and brought him to Jowai.
She said that they had already met with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in June last year but they have not received any news even after a long wait. Lat the state.
He said that 61 houses have been completely destroyed (40 houses in Lallen, 13 8 in Chippui and 8 in Kawnmawi).
We have seen from time to time that in these areas where these foreigners live illegally, the government instead of destroying or destroying; but thou shalt not be ashamed; while the natives went to destroy their houses.
The Seng urges the paradoh parasnam not to call or employ the mynder and especially those who have benami in the trade of property because after this the mynder will eat and turn away from us. the owner of the country.
According to him, it is easy to blame people but it is very different to prove it with witnesses.
In Group-D, the match between Chipakkore and Wa'sa FC has been postponed to Monday.
The government led by (L) Bah BB Lyngdoh has gone so far as to hand over the post of Prime Minister to Bah Kek Mawlong.
The union strongly warns that these mistakes which affect the future of the students will not be a problem in the future.
He said that according to a report received from the Russian health authorities, it has been found that the Russian leader has suffered from several physical illnesses, including illnesses in the body. headache, loss of vision and also loss of hearing of the thylliej.
He said that it is for these reasons that he has come forward to contest this election to contest for adequate health care, education and especially for employment opportunities or to create job opportunities. young people in their work.
Mynsngat Unit Officers: President-Nehlang Surong Vice President-Teibor Pyrtuh General Secretary-Phonelang Surong Asst General Secretary-Iolangki Satein Finance Secretary-Dimos Pakma Publicity Secretary-Sampher Ksoo Organizing Secretary-Wailad Phalangki Sports Nongrum Secretary Educellang Pyrtuh Four members were also elected.
It cannot be said that the peace of standing under a tree around nature is much better than the peace of standing inside a house.
“I am surprised that you have to go to work and earn money at your age,” said Ampareen Lyngdoh while talking to the children on the occasion of the Day to Protect Child Labour. Anti-Child Labor Day was held at Don Bosco Youth Centre, Laitumkhrah Shillong this evening.
Shillong, March 25: Uplifter Alternative has organized the 1st 2-Day Khasi Tennis Ball Cricket Tournament 2023 at Madan. New, Bridge, Shillong.
This is not because I approve and appreciate the speech of the Governor in Hindi in the Assembly.
“Why should I ask you about Calcutta Smart City Limited, whether they have already submitted their Statement of Account which started in 2016, we are Smart City Shillong Limited, we started in 2019,” he asked. .
“If you look closely at Meghalaya politics before retiring, they want to win and retire immediately,” he said, giving examples of EK Mawlong, Prof RC Laloo, SC Marak, JD Pohrmen and Rowell Lyngdoh. fine.
Additional….
Earlier, a short meeting was held and speeches were delivered by AP Syiem, District School Education Officer and AC Roy, Assistant District Adult Education Officer, Jowai. the 75th Independence Day of India.
UDP Leader and Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar confirmed the news.
Peter fell many times, but when he stood up again he received the name of a saint.
"Regarding the information received from the drug dealer, police have received information that the Nigerian gang was operating from Delhi and Gurugram," Singla said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Seng Khasi Kmie Mawkhar has refused to take part in the Peace Festival invited by the KJP Synod to be held at Mawphlang on November
About 40 employees of the Power Grid have been cut their salaries and all of them have expressed their surprise to learn that the Power Grid has cut their salaries on that day.
The union urges the public not to trust the UCIL on this issue as the UCIL is like a shymprong that has turned backwards and does not understand where it wants to go.
Suddenly, the first wife, who was old and had lost her children, came and kissed her.
How to choose Nongїalam.
And before there is a resurrection, there will be the slaughter of the Saints, after the slaughter of the saints by the Beast, Revelation 13:2-1
It is expected that this decision will open the door for skilled applicants who have been waiting to get jobs in the department.
On the other hand, DS Tympang-Iawmusiang urged the Chief Secretary to take immediate action against the District Administration, Municipal Department and Urban Affairs Department which has caused problems to the people especially in the field of health and the environment of Mariang.
He said it is wrong and unacceptable to allege without grounds that the Prime Minister is preventing the Khasi language from getting recognition.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The hearing of the case of Tennydard M Marak against Mukul Sangma's Sangma clan, which was scheduled to be held tomorrow, has been postponed due to the delay of Zenith M Sangma.
Gowher Rizvi, an advisor to Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, today said that Bangladesh is ready to accept all these refugees, who are in India, but at the same time. He said India should prove that they are full citizens of Bangladesh.
Therefore, just as the sun, moon, stars and sea remain as God created them, so Israel as a nation must remain on earth even if the world hates and tries to destroy them. , but they cannot do it at all, because God has spoken. And the most interesting thing is – that the time will come when the earth will no longer need the light of the sun, moon and stars, nor the seas they will melt away.
On the second day, 275 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, 2 people died, bringing the death toll to 1492 in the State.
The program was held at Pine Mount Ridge, Laban, Shillong where school children from all over the state came to participate in the market. There was also a distribution of prizes to the winners of the exhibition.
If Mizoram, a small state, sends police, Meghalaya will not be like Mizoram.
However, if the leaders are weak in mind, selfish, spineless, then the organization or group is a shame and a reproach to the world. public not good) solonsar.
(We have discussed this issue) with the Chief Minister and of course we will take up discussions with the Central Government.
Among the UDP MLAs who are more qualified and qualified to take over the post of Lamphang, the name of Mawphlang MLA is one if Bah Lahkmen Rymbui does not resign after his death. Dr Donkupar Roy was surprised.
Shillong: The Achik Conscious Holistically Integrated Crime (ACHIK) has demanded from the Urban Affairs Department of the State Government to suspend the recruitment of non-Garo people. in the area and belonging to the Garo.
Shillong: The KSU Bangalore unit has sent a petition to the Chief Minister on 6th June 2018 in Bangalore through Bah Sanbor Shulai. President and Vice President of BJP Meghalaya.
Furthermore, for the farmers who work on small scale, it has helped them to meet their farm needs and also their daily needs, education, health and other expenses.
“Why was it delayed? We have ruled Bihar for more than 8 years and we have served the best with the law.
The President of HYC Sohiong, Purningstar Shabong, has demanded that the PWD department should immediately repair the dam and if it does not, it should take responsibility if there is any incident. They did not suffer from a car accident or injury in this area.
¢Do not do electrical work yourself if you are not licensed or recognized by the government in relation to electricity.
This year, the Ri Bhoi Dorbar together with the Ri Bhoi District Administration have taken the responsibility to celebrate this day in Nongpoh.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The State Government is still seeking the opinion of the Autonomous District Councils before implementing the Water Policy.
After a while, Andy Suting scored the second goal in the 70th minute to strengthen the hopes of PFR-FA. to bring the last glory.
However, most of these teacher posts have been suspended due to the Government's order to suspend the appointment of teachers due to the decision of the High Court that the Government will first provide a Roster System according to the Reservation Policy of the Government of Meghalaya.
Meanwhile, Meghalaya lost to Assam in the semifinal and finished by winning the bronze medal.
How can this be that these same people have changed their minds?
The people hope that this bill will help and benefit to change the foreign acceptance in the form of jait ai khong in the Khasi custom.
This chair is the most prestigious and important in democracy.
However, at the same time, these organizations appealed to the public to participate in the festival with dignity and not with dignity.
Regarding this festival, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, expressed his gratitude to the leaders of NEFA, for their ability to continue to hold such a festival, which is also part of the promotion of young people how to learn about their own customs and traditions.
When asked why he will win this election, Teibor said, “The special reason why the people of Mawlai will elect me this time is to have the spirit to think about the election. The other is the service to the people which I have tried to do for the people of Mawlai”.
Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Khasi Kmie, Rgh Skor Jala, accompanied by Vice Chairman Rgh Donbokstar Kurkalang and Secretary Rgh Pyndap Nongrum, said that before entering the ceremony, they did not take the rituals. but they shall first hold the thanksgiving, the village, and the judgment upon the ramew.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Kering Wahlang, a family member, said that he left home on the 23rd and the next day on Saturday, 24th June, He went to Mawsynram market, but he did not return home since he left home.
The UDP candidate Paul Lyngdoh defeated the BJP candidate Shibun by 10,838 votes.
He said that in fact there was an agreement with some MLAs who wanted to join the BJP at the meeting in Delhi with Amit Shah but their entry may be delayed a little bit because there is a elections in Gujarat.
It is estimated that by bringing 100 million low-income women into the financial sector, public sector banks in India could raise about T 25,000 crore ($3.1 billion) in deposits.
NABH accredited hospitals are recognized worldwide.
“Although there has been a social agreement to temporarily dump garbage in this area (Mynkjai) for only three months, due to the lack of recognition of other garbage dumps by the Task Orce set up by the Urban Department, At the hearing, the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JMB) admitted that it has not received a copy of the complaint.
The legend says that Sajar Nangli was the Minister and Viceroy of the 12 Elaka of the Hima of Syiem Sutnga in Jaintiapur.
“We express our deepest condolences, the loss is not only for the state but especially for the constituency and I pray that peace will come to the family and all those who loved Maheh Don,” he said. state.
These teachers are teachers of Economics, Political Science, English and Sociology.
The District Sports Association, Badminton Association, West Jaintia Hills District Cycling & Adventure Association and other associations have gathered the athletes before leaving the district to participate in the competition. participate in the 5th Meghalaya Games
The 24-year-old fought hard from the start until she defeated Svitolina.
Please do not hesitate to review this Reservation Policy.
“I don't know how I feel even if I hear when they say it's too late to get information,” she said.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: One of the three MLAs who took part in the meeting of the Joint Action Committee on Tuesday Blei ha Kynton u Mon, has also angered many officers of the Forest and Environment Department of the state government.
Human life has become increasingly dangerous.
The program was also concluded with the distribution of certificates to all those who came to take part in the program to become trainers in the villages and also to have responsibility on how to implement the programme. or to maintain the drinking water supply to every household in the villages through the Jal Jeevan Mission.
At that time, they told the policeman that they did not stand in public places or on the highway, but in the private area of ​​Banalari. They said that suddenly the policeman grabbed one of them and shook hands with them.
The reason is that the people in the state, including the most powerful Christians, have not yet accepted this religious party.
You have done a good job, but we don't have the confidence that you will accept our criticisms.
Why don’t they ask questions? The reason is that the government is ready to hold festivals that bring in singers from all over the world who can relieve and forget all the problems they face during the days.
The training was conducted by Samla Balakyntiew Umbah, Faculty Member of RAWA, in the presence of other members of RAWA, farmers and others.
The Waheh Shnong of Shnongpdeng, Bnai Syngkrem, said that the fire broke out at 11:30 pm and the cause of the fire was due to a lightning strike from the shet jing shet. jur after you didn't bthei.
The UDP and the HSPDP are pleased that we have a partnership for the sake of the people,” said Euegenson.
Shillong: Mawnarian SC has won the title of the 7th Mylliem Lum Football League Tournament 2018-2019 organized by the Mylliem Lum Sports Association (MLSA).
The Chief Minister, the Lamphang and the Governor of the State have congratulated all the Muslims on this holy day.
Lucknow: A female police officer has met and fallen in love with a famous robber. and this love began in a courthouse in Noida and after that, they got married.
Earlier, speaking at a rally in Raipur, Gandhi confirmed that Nirav Modi and Mehul Choksi, who stole India's currency to the tune of Rs.
Who can stop the laziness of young people today? There is no mother, no father, no mother, no brother, no family, no government that can control their will, especially in the field of marriage.
To encourage traditional agriculture and to develop Agroecological Learning Circles.
The UDP wants a railway line only to Khanapara and Byrnihat, not to Shillong.
Islam was arrested on July 1 on charges of raping two women in Ampati, the constituency of Chief Minister Mukul Sangma.
“We are all involved in this district demand in Sohra, whether it is from the Chief Executive Members, Syiem, the people, the Sengbhalang and we the leaders are involved and therefore to change the election issue for any party I feel that it wouldn't be appropriate at this time," he told reporters.
The Union Minister, who will be in the district for two days, said the purpose of his visit is to resolve the issues of the farmers and government departments.
Shillong, March 13: Suspected militants of the United Achik Liberation Army (UALA) have abducted a man and later shot dead him in Nangalbibra area of ​​Meghalaya. South Garo Hills on Tuesday.
He didn't get home until 9 pm.
Therefore, the HSPDP invites all the Presidents/Secretaries for the term 2023-2025, to please attend without fail on this day, so that we can discuss many important issues.
Tip me im me walk how shato.
On the other hand, the CoMSO has said that the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security (Amendment) Ordinance, 2019 will be one of the tools to curb the entry of illegal immigrants into Meghalaya.
Most of them prefer the English language even when they talk about their country.
Therefore, the player has not given a detailed explanation on the matter and there has been no sign that her withdrawal from the tournament is due to the Russian invasion of her country since last year.
The lack of garbage dumps has forced the residents to dump their garbage without finding it.
Shillong, July 20: Police in West Garo Hills have arrested a member of the A'chik Songna Anpachakgipa Kotok (ASAK) from a place at Purakhasia village in West Garo Hills. on Thursday.
Nongstoiñ, July 21: Due to heavy rainfall in the past few months, landslides have occurred in many places along the National Highway 44 (E) Shillong Tura.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 12: Leaders of the Union Rangbah Shnong Nongtrai Area together with the landowners, hope that the MDA 2 government especially through the PWD road department will take action on their request to provide roads, as they have already requested and been welcomed. also to build roads without paying for land.
Once the full peace talks have begun, there is no way back.
Therefore, the Government needs to take measures to control the number of vehicles and to improve the traffic.
He said the students had urged the administration to increase the number of dormitories by two more but to no avail.
On the other hand, the Secretary to the Ministry of Education has promised to the union that he and the Chief Secretary to the State Government, Bah Donald P. Wahlang, will immediately address this issue.
The moment you talk about eviction, it means that the Government has to provide replacement accommodation to these people.
At present, the military is in power in Myanmar while Aung San Suu Kyi has no power.
Salman Khan, prisoner number 106, slept without food in Jodhpur jail last night.
He said that the Village Authority and the Nongpoh Town Committee have many times complained to the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs to take action on this suspension, but this request and the presentation of these The needs of the people have not been met and until now this work has remained unfinished.
The new vote will be held on the 25th of this month.
Nongstoiñ, November 12: The Supreme Court on Tuesday issued an order to allow the coal traders in the state to continue transporting coal. When the harvest was over, many of the merchants and traders were filled with joy and excitement.
The death toll has risen to 21 in the past 24 hours including 19 from EKH and 02 from WJH.
The festival was organized by the Hundred Drums Wangala Festival Committee.
Something needs to be done immediately before the situation gets worse.
I would like to thank the government for taking care of the needs of the people and please continue to extend your hands of help and support to the people who have elected you.
As can be seen from the situation in the Khadar administration, there are some political obstacles which have affected the struggle and in the union, by respecting those who have not yet there are leaders who are as tall as those who were ancient in the beginning.
“I have a goal to reap the holy fruit of victory,” said the statement from the filer.
However, the talks reportedly did not go as expected.
The three BJP candidates lost badly in the contest in Badli constituency.
According to information, the MLAs of those blocks who have been removed from the MPCC have not yet come to buy tickets or receive forms from the party including Pynursla led by Prestone Tynsong, Nartiang led by Sniawbhalang Dhar. , Mawkyrwat was led by Bah Rowel Lyngdoh and Umroi by Bah Ngaitlang Dhar.
Police of the Phramer Traffic Cell on receiving the information together with the residents of Mulang Nongbah have searched for him, but due to the strong water they could not do anything.
Prestone said the government and the opposition have been on the same ground to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill and therefore there is no need to convene a special session.
Throughout the day, Yoga Day T-shirts were distributed to those who took part in the celebration of International Yoga Day. fourth place.
At the same time, he announced that they will also impose a heavy fine on those people who throw garbage in the streets or on the streets.
He informed that any students or relatives of students at IFCAI Agartala who need assistance should contact 94363-37946 and 60330-9
“Strawberry is a fruit that can be used in many ways and at the same time it is also a very expensive fruit, because strawberry is used to make ice cream, sweets and so on. Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh said.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah George B Lyngdoh MLA Umroi congratulated the SELCO Foundation for taking the initiative to install solar lights in all the health centers in Ri-Bhoi District. It is a blessing to the health centers especially to the government that the health workers have no hesitation in providing services to the people in relation to the need for electricity especially in the maternity hospitals. The Foundation will continue to work better to provide services to the people.
On the statements of the TMC leaders, Prestone said, “We don't care if they speak three or two or three voices because our job is to serve and look after the problems which we have tried as much as we can to resolve them. trouble.
Nongpoh MLA, Bah Mayral Born Syiem distributed these gifts to the people at a meeting held at the Dorbar Hall of Marmain Village. residents.
If we had counted since then, we would have known who had the highest employment opportunities and education opportunities in various fields such as Medical, Engineering, Forestry, Dentistry and so on. ter.
The article was published on 24.01.2020, when the MDA government announced to close down the LP and UP schools in Meghalaya which have too low enrollment.
Dear citizens of the country and the state, let us honor this issue by turning out on the 19th of June, 2024 for the new election of MPs to the Lok Sabha. to show that we are responsible citizens for the future of the country or state.
If you cut or cut your body with a knife or a knife, you are not sick when your people go to do so in our holy place.
To conduct any marriage registration, they must also obtain permission from the Office of the Deputy Commissioner.
Among this group, Laitkor and PFR have hopes of reaching the semi finals as they are also teams that have not lost in all their matches this season.
Shillong: Agnes Kharshiing, one of the volunteers, in a tweet on Tuesday, alleged that the collapse of the NEEPCO water supply system in Umrangso, is due to the mining of coal. The incident occurred near the water tank, which is located on the border of Assam and Meghalaya.
Speaking to media, Bah Ricky Majaw said that the union is deeply saddened by the problems faced by the students of the government school. The members of the union have found that the children have to use water as a color for milk. The teachers of the school are trying to protect the truth. There are also children who have been hospitalized and returned home.
Although he could not prove it only at a young age, he felt that it could be the reason for the decline and backwardness of our peaceful nation.
Two minutes later, Nepal scored the third goal through Anjan Bista before losing.
The DC of East Jaintia Hills has sent a letter to the Doloi of Narpuh Elaka and a copy to all the Rangbah Shnongs. According to a letter dated 7th May 2014, NHAI has allocated funds and is implementing them.
“Bah Titos is a close friend and has been CEM for less than 3 years but he is from the UDP party and we are not in the same party. The party to say that it is a coup cannot happen, and we cannot accept it because it is an autonomous party. They can work with any party but our goal is to improve the District Council. ".
Even a simple control of blood pressure medicines is essential for the elderly population with this disease, says one study.
He said that many of them have registered in villages which are not already on the Electoral Roll of Meghalaya including Muriap, Mynriah, Madanmyni and other villages.
This means that the residents outside the Municipal do not have to apply for an occupancy certificate from the MUDA.S.A.Kurbah. -laws that are foreign and mynder.
She said that initially there was a shortage of water in the village but now there is a shortage of water.
This cannot be true.
Fenugreek contains many properties and nutrients such as carotene, copper, zinc, sodium, folic acid, magnesium and others.
The Seng also strongly condemns this evil intention of the Government as it will leave the residents of Sohra unemployed and leave them in the hands of the profiteers.
During the few days of lockdown across India, the 1917iTEAMS team has transported agricultural products from villages like Laitjem, Mawkriah and Hajongopara to West Garo Hills, to delivery to the villages to sell to the public in collaboration with the Rangbah Shnong.
He said that he firmly believes that through the provision of good and strong school buildings, it will be of great benefit to the people, teachers and children will be free from the cold weather. Adequate education especially for low income families to send their children to school.
On the other hand, the family members of Bah Jeofreeson expressed their deep sorrow over the incident and said that they are in the dark about this incident.
Speaking to media on 15th November 2021, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that after receiving information from the Intelligence Department about the movement of members of the rebel groups, The Government has strengthened security forces and search operations in all districts of the state.
Denying that there is any difference of opinion between the two MLAs, Bah Mawrie said, “There is no difference of opinion, it is just a misunderstanding because they want to work together.
Written and sung by singer Jessie Lyngdoh and produced by Craft by Clouds.
It is also not known whether there is a provision for the government to do so.
Shillong, July 3: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) together with the Dorbar Shnong of Murap Village have found that the Secretary VEC in charge of the MNREGS Scheme of Murap Village, Bah Jowel Ryngkhlem, has misused the money of the villagers. This scheme which has cost lakhs of rupees is the share of the people of this village.
The scheme was implemented through the Tied Scheme of the 15th Finance Commission at a cost of 30 lakh tyngka, but due to lack of funds, the MDC has added about 12-1 lakh tyngka from other schemes, in order to complete this work which will further solve the problem of water shortage in Lawsohtun as a whole.
Prestone said that as of now, the Central and State Governments are ready to continue talks with the HNLC, and the government is waiting for a statement from the HNLC. .
This comes a few days after a tragic incident happened at Pamphyrnai, Ksehkohlong, West Khasi Hills, where a woman lost her baby boy due to a blocked road. thousands of rawon and the public who came to the fishing competition to give birth at the Hospital in Shillong.
The ryngkew also has the power to kill the devil and the sin of the blood to kill the thief, the robber and the rapist of children.
Jowai: U Modi has done magic to India but he has not created the world with this magic, said Rahul Gandhi at a public meeting in Jowai today.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The committee appointed by the government will take time to prepare a report on the mining of coal in the state to be submitted to the National Green Tribunal (NGT). ).
Many senior army officers and other government officials attended the rally.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Erwin Sutnga, Chairman of JACBOM, said that the demarcation of the boundary in the first phase was done without taking into account the seventh article.
Before the last group of missionaries returned home in 1969, the management of the hospital was handed over to the natives and Dr EC Syngkon was appointed as Senior Medical Officer. and Dr SP Sen Gupta as Chief Medical Officer.
Tein said that the engineer through his inspections found that everything was in order, there was nothing, and it was understood from Tein's statement that there was no corruption at the Monolith Festival.
The Congress party has convened a meeting of Block and District Committee leaders and office bearers at Congress Bhawan, Tura.
“Shariq has not appeared in our previous investigation,” said the Coimbatore police chief.
New Delhi: At least 30 Pakistani Taliban militants have been shot dead by Afghan troops, the Afghan Defense Ministry said.
Not only the others but there are also our people who have been bombed and shot, like this incident on 6.6.2023 at Tahpat village where two Khasi Pnars named Sam War and Six Lyngdoh were shot dead. Karbi right turtle haka Tahpat Village.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Physical Education and Sports Association (MPESA) on Tuesday held a meeting at the MSOA Conference Hall on 20th October 2021 to discuss their issues. I haven't been able to get a job until today.
Shillong: ASHAs don't need PPEs, said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
The Dorbar Shnong Panaliar, Jowai has warned against anyone who smuggles Capped Langur species which have entered the village in the past few days.
Robert Vicino is the founder of the project, or known as Vivos xPoint, which was based decades ago in South Dakota, United Kingdom.
The meeting also decided to meet the Chief Minister to formulate a mining policy so that the people can mine coal without damaging the environment.
Traditionalists claim that the Khasi came down from heaven by the command of God, while social scientists claim, “...the clean marriage between the Austroloids and Mongoloids in ancient times produced many Austro Asian people...I don't know what happened to the Khasi"
At the same time, he urged the journalists to remain neutral in their work as journalists.
Prestone said that the fight against this disease is not only the responsibility of the government, but now it is the responsibility of every citizen to protect themselves from this disease.
Regarding the appointment of AL Hek as Vice President, this writer phoned Bah Hek to ask about his feelings, but he could not be reached at all, as he turned off his mobile. ; Shillong, Naillong, 29: The former Minister of Meghalaya will not be interested in taking over the post of Vice President of the Meghalaya PCC. Learning Centre) established by SBUK, will hold its First Anniversary on the 5th November, 2016, at Shillong Law College, from 5.30 pm.
Furthermore, the union requests the government and the companies constructing the road from Shillong to Dawki to repair the areas where they have been damaged due to the snowfall. through this road.
With this victory, Lajong have ended the season with a defeat away from home and are at the bottom of the 11 clubs to score points in the I-League. .
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 305 new cases have been confirmed and 2257 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Prof Niaz Mazumdar presented the example of the durim which has been very successful.
He said that a person who wants to be in power may leave the TMC even after other parties are in power, as in 2018, the Congress won until 20 constituencies, but Mukul left the party until the Congress party no longer has MLAs in the state legislature.
The Dorbar Shnong has also prepared accommodation in hotels and guest houses in the district for those who come from far away places.
“We tried our best but it wasn't until the police arrived (we were able to rescue the two) because the people wanted to arrest the perpetrators,” said Bah Mawlong. village we have done our best to protect.
In a speech today, Mukul Sangma, who did not agree to grant the Inner Line Permit (ILP) demand of the Sengbhalang, raised 52 drafts of various laws, the implementation of which, long to prevent the influx of foreigners.
The joy, the happiness, the beauty, the kindness, the love, and so on.
As part of the launch of the project 'No One Shall Be Left Behind', the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE), Jowai in collaboration with the North East Slow Food and Agrobiodiversity Society, Shillong (NESFAS) has organized a donation. Training on fertilizer making in Nongkhroh.
“The border talks should be based on mutual respect between the two Governments and not the Jeep of Assam and the Trailer of Meghalaya.
“As the examination time has come and the students have to concentrate more on reading but as soon as these guns are broken they cannot continue reading because of the loud noise. it lasts a long time and it's incredibly loud," he said.
He changed Abram's name to Abraham and Sarai to his wife.
There has been a lot of talk in the past few days about the treatment of patients by hospitals in these days and in fact, this should no longer be a subject to be discussed; However, the Director of Health Services has called a meeting with the hospital authorities to discuss the issue.
When asked how he manages to take care of himself and who helps him, Bah Sun said that as a singer, he has earned a lot of money from the country. He spent his income during his youth on self-care and was helped by his father.
“The state has lost a leader who will always remember his courage and skills.
The film was shot for six days in Jowai and six days in Manipur.
We have prepared a form and in this form, the foreigner who comes to work here has to get a labor license,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
He said that the men have to run 5 km within 30 minutes and the women have to run 3 km within 30 minutes.
The meeting was held at the same venue as usual at the ground floor of Mawkhar Christian School, Shillong.
Shillong: There have been 123 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 253 recoveries.
On the part of these two groups, Albinus, Secretary of Shaphrang SHG, said that the most important crop they have grown is sying which they have sold later. tylliat and also they made sying.
Additional Deputy Commissioner MA Challam gave a speech on the Model Code of Conduct.
““A total of 818 children from all districts have participated in this tournament.
Speaking to reporters, Bity Jyrwa said that as a sign of protest against the violence against women, the party will hold a procession from Sawmer. shiteng to Shillong where the venue will be arranged.
Shillong, Lber 5: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government will implement in an orderly manner all the teaching activities in schools.
The Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong provides computer training to about 6000 youth in three categories per annum.
He also expressed his pride that SBUK with the vision and vision of the President of SBUK, Bah W.Kharkrang on the 5th November 2015, which is the Teachers' Day, has been able to open the Khasi Learning Centre; which is a Khasi school for non-Khasi people without any fees.
Lyngdoh was speaking at the UDP general meeting held at Asom Christian Centre, Dhankheti on Saturday.
The desire of the Government of Meghalaya to pass the Meghalaya Community Participation Bill 2010 is a secret attempt to undermine the powers of District Council Governments in Municipal areas.
“After a thorough discussion, we have decided to inform the Government of India to allow the non-Municipal areas including census towns to be included in the JJM. “I have met with the Minister of Jal Shakti, Gajendra Singh and I am pleased to announce that not only Umlyngka but all the census towns which were not included in the JJM will now be included,” he said. He said this while speaking at the opening ceremony of the Milk Collection Center at Umlyngka.
Pink vehicles can operate on Tuesdays, Fridays and Saturdays.
Of the 71 people, 65 were passengers and six crew members.
Speaking to media, the prime minister declined to say how many leaders and ministers have been demanded and how much money has been demanded by these armed groups.
He said Assam produces 100 tonnes of methanol per day and the fare for the bus will be half of what the buses charge now.
According to the findings of doctors, formalin causes many kinds of diseases such as cancer, gastritis, pregnancy and unconsciousness, rheumatism and bronchitis, pneumonia, kills immediately if you drink formalin, then causes disease that affects the lungs, heart, lungs, even the kidneys. Formalin also affects the respiratory system and other diseases.
He was arrested on 23rd June 2013 in connection with the seizure of pseudoephedrine pills worth Rs 6 crore.
The MTET examination was conducted by DERT on 31st July 2019 and was announced today except for Paper I (Lower Primary) of Dadenggre Centre.
He said that the KSU itself agrees with NEIGRIHMS to conduct its own examinations instead of handing them over to other companies because there is always a shortage of examinations. The above are the most common in relation to companies from other states because they do not understand the feelings and views of the people of this state.
“We need a strong group, because no one is fighting against this regime.
“Of course in the Rules you use the words Entri and Exit but in the Original Act these words don't exist at all.
On this occasion, he said the party will not sit idly by and will continue to force the government even to hold protests until the government implements it.
The FKJGP today met with the Director of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Dr JS Jyrwa at his office.
The EKHCA recently launched a special training program for the selected children starting from Smit on the 1st of March and on the 3rd to Pynursla and Marbisu. starting March 4 and 5, 2022.
After completing the investigation, the Chief Superintendent of Police has filed a charge sheet against these persons on 28th July,
He urged that if there are any families affected by the food shortage to come to the village office, so that the village can find ways and means to help in this time of crisis.
The children of these nine sisters have started to spread in their villages and have started to increase in numbers now compared to the past. As the days went by, these children of the children of the miaw did not recognize each other as brothers or sisters, but began to despise each other and to fight each other.
He said that all those who came to answer on that day had no objection regarding the merger of villages in the MLA and MDC constituencies.
The 19-year-old Lajong player made his I-League debut on 27th November 2017 against Gokulam Kerala FC. Shillong Premier League and Meghalaya State League.
Pynshngain's remarks came after Pyniaid had accused the Chairman of the EC in the Budget Session for not being able to answer questions.
The Israelites (Jews) were brought back to the land of Israel.
Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, Chemphang Syrti said that the installation of silencers on motorcycles produces a loud noise and is also against the Motor Vehicle Act.
Shillong, November 16: Police have arrested Tirot Sing Khardewsaw, 26, of Shillong, November 13, 2013, for allegedly trying to steal a battery. M/S BSC-C&JV is a company based in Mawkasa.
Along with officials from the Madhya Pradesh Department, Mayors and Commissioners of all 100 Smart Cities, industry partners and community leaders related to the Smart Cities Mission will participate.
The Behdeiñkhlam celebration of the Raij Mukhla on the last day started at 6 pm with a village ceremony by the children of the Seiñ Raij Mukhla at the Langdoh's house (Iung) of Mukhla Nongrim followed by a thanksgiving ceremony at the village hall. each household completed with wasan.
This means hatred or enmity for something that cannot be forgiven.
In the second match, Ryntih will be able to improve ahead of SLFC in the points table, while Sawmer will have to fight for their first point in the tournament. .
On the other hand, the CEM said that the meeting will be convened by one voice regarding the amendment of the 6th Schedule.
This is the second Khasi film to be released in Cinema Hall after the government temporarily closed it.
Commander in Chief Mathew G Momin and another militant member of the group, Ravan Basumatry Sangma, have sent the four newly recruited members to Myanmar for training on how to use the to the weapons.
“What will Prah do in East Jaintia Hills without staff, who will look after his cows and sheep,” said Bah Bareh.
The DC's office has directed that everyone should follow the government's guidelines to keep a distance from each other, in the workplace and the Dorbar Shnongs should ensure that there is strict compliance with the guidelines. who have been put.
She also explained that those with eye diseases should not go to public places, should stay at home and stay away from others or should wear blue masks so that the eye disease does not spread. to others.
Today, there was also a heated argument between Dahun Diengdoh, EAC and the members of the party who said that she cannot allow them to go to Khyndailad, because the authorities have not given permission for that.
aided school teachers) to take part in public affairs but those who have contested elections if they win will have to take leave for up to five years.
He said that according to the investigation of the Union, as it is now, that the Garo friends have attacked and forcibly raped the Rangbah Shnong, in which they have issued NOC or Dulir openly. Many of the land in the state has been sold to Assam.
The Bible says that the Israelites had to leave because of the Plague in Egypt.
The people living in the border villages are facing difficulties as the Status Quo signed between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam in the past years is to allow Assam to cross the border and Meghalaya will continue to suffer. from all sides.
He said that the bridge is an important bridge connecting Huroi, Hingaria, Lejri, Lahaleiñ and other villages on the border with Bangladesh. in the border areas, they do not have mobile connections and do not have adequate electricity.
Thermometer (stirring rod type: 0-50 degrees centigrade) – to indicate the temperature of the room and the fertilizer.
Jowai Polytechnic has organized this Technophilia program to enable students studying in the fields of Automobile Engineering, Costume Design & Garment Technology and Architectural Assistance to showcase their talents.
There are those who say that the actions of Bah Pyniaid are like throwing only one stone but it falls on three birds.
On the defeat of the Congress, the Prime Minister said that the reason for the defeat of the Congress is due to the activities of foreign forces and also the rumors that the Congress is fighting abroad by giving tickets. “One of the main reasons is because there was a mistake in the selection of candidates,” said Mukul. the decision of the people".
“I promise to work hard and ask God to open the way for the needs of the people of the constituency to be addressed,” he said. happiness, sorrow, employment problems of the youth in various departments and to bring benefits to the communities.
If I want to announce a message, I stand up.
The AAMEF has also decided to lodge a complaint with the Labor Commissioner's Office regarding the sudden closure of Sangbad Lahari.
Furthermore, T.1.86 lakh crore has been delivered since the lockdown due to Covid-1
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 07: The Paliar Kur in collaboration with the Mawrok Mawliehbah Village Council and the San Kyntoid Sport Club, has organized a ceremony to honor the memory of Hubert Paliar. who has brought fame and glory for the village and for the country and the Khasi people as a whole, by winning the title of wrestling champion, which is one of the best. Arms Wrestling tournament was held recently in the country.
Although the match was fierce until the end of the second half and even in extra time, the two teams drew 1-1
However, when they reached Tuber Shohshrieh, the pickup lost fuel and they collided with the vehicle and suddenly the truck came and collided with the rear of the vehicle which caused this tragic incident.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 23: Although the government authorities through the police department have worked hard and fought hard to crack down on drug traffickers who have destroyed not only the society, but until now the traffickers have been able to smuggle drugs. children and young people in this drug.
“The government should fight for the release of these two elderly men who have been arrested in Assam.
He urged the Principal Secretary to think and take action on these issues.
He said that 40,000 meters will be installed free of charge and no money will be charged for these meters for five years.
The Meghalaya State Aquaculture Mission has appointed volunteers to look after these fish.
When this reporter visited the square, it was seen that many people were flocking to the square to eat lyer pyngngad but they were blocked before entering the square.
“We welcome the resignation of Bah Ardent for the sake of the ARPA,” said the president of KHNAM when asked how KHNAM feels about the resignation of Bah Ardent.
The women's feet were covered and the men's sword, symphiah and traditional costumes were played to the sound of the Bom and Tangmuri.
He said that through the NCAP, the government will also take action to reduce the pollution by improving the roads in the EPIP area where there are many factories, to fight against the pollution by protecting the area. and also to take action to control the factories that produce a lot of waste.
This decision was taken at a meeting held at the Dorbar Hall at Patharkhmah on Tuesday.
“We are now working with all groups and partners including the Government of India, funding agencies, our communities, NGOs and the media to deliver on these commitments,” he said. The celebration of the Independence Day of the country at Madan Polo after the raising of the tricolor flag of the country.
Teinwel said other issues such as the mid-term elections to be held in the dorbar tlang which will start on the 19th of this month were also discussed.
The ranks of Khadar administration range from the Dorbar Dong, the Dorbar Shnong, the Dorbar Raij, the Dorbar Lyngdoh, the Dorbar Hima, rank by rank, in order to maintain order in the country as a whole.
So far, only George B. Lyngdoh, MLA from the TMC and Damanbaitbha Lamare, son of Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, from the NPP have announced their candidates for Umroi Constituency. Congress leader Isynei Hinge, Secretary of the Umroi Block Congress Committee, said that the party has not yet confirmed who will be the Congress candidate from the constituency.
Mawkyrwat, 'Nailar 01: Drivers and residents of Nongstoiñ Road to Mawkyrwat and Wahkaji areas have faced problems due to the snowfall in some places. of the Nongstoin-Wahkaji road.
The weigh bridge must be compliant with the FPL or Factory Permissible Load.
On the occasion of the 17th death anniversary of Bah Swell, the sister of Bah Swell, Wanplisibon Rajee, spoke about his activities starting from his birthday, education, work until today. your death.
She alleged that the BJP is a party that aims to create divisions among different ethnic groups and said that it is a party that tries to create ethnic and religious differences. “It knows that most of the citizens in this state are Christians, it is a party that is trying to destroy the unity of the country,” she said.
Today, the population of the city has reached more than 5 lakh in a small area.
The MDC of Langrin has now been appointed to the post of Speaker of the KHADC , which is the highest post in the KHADC . He said that as an MDC who used to oppose the transformation of the KHADC, what will he do now that he has been appointed as the Speaker of the House?
Donald V Thabah General Secretary of the KSU said that there is a special allocation for STs which is divided 40 to 40 between the Khasi and Garo.
The Magistrates have been directed to set up the committee under Section 7(1) (a) to (d) of the Act.
Regarding the death toll in the Gaza Strip, the Palestinian health ministry said 788 people had been killed and 4,100 injured since Israel began its offensive. this is the bag.
Nongstoiñ: In memory of Maieid Hopingstone Lyngngoh, the relatives of Maieid Hopingstone Lyngngoh, who passed away, yesterday, laid flowers at the memorial of Maieid Hopingstone Lyngngoh. at Mawkyllei, WKH and also at the monument at the Presbyterian Church Cemetery in Mawkyllei.
“The KSU will never accept the railway line...let's talk about the railway line first, we will talk about the ILP,” said Marngar.
When asked about the year in which the roster will be implemented, the Minister said, “On the year, I have said clearly from the beginning that the roster is a process that has to continue. 1972, and it should continue but in the past years there have been posts that have been filled according to the situation with the Khasi-Garo people in the state but whatever it is also these posts have been filled".
Both these players are from Mookyndur.
Kenstar Kharshong has risen to the top of his career since winning the U-18 I-League for Lajong's youth team in
Besides, 1800 piglets were distributed to 450 farmers who received three female piglets and one male piglet.
I don't criticize the use of English, which opens us up to communication language.
in to check their status, register and create their profiles.
He said that the teachers of deficit schools have had to hold a strike to get the DA. “The government should not misunderstand that we have not contributed anything.
But we know that God is not our judge.
Thus, this year, Kerala is at the top but look at the big and prominent states that have been ahead of us in the past years.
Before the planting of the trees, a short meeting was held under the chairmanship of Rtn.
The Government has allocated T.67.08 crore for the Mission to market sohphan and out of this T.40.07 crore will be spent by the Central Government and the remaining will be filled by the State Government for the 5 year.
Sirsa said that the Governor of Meghalaya has assured them that the Meghalaya government cannot forcibly remove these people from this area but what is the government's responsibility? The Government of Meghalaya must follow the order of the High Court and cannot do anything except the order of the High Court.
The 2nd World Jeet Kunedo Championship has been held for the second time.
In front of Syntu, there are no enemies, all enemies are her friends, and she spends time thinking about how to take care of, to raise her only beloved son, to become a a man who knows all the days of his life.
Your history, and it shows that you are a murderer, a thief, a warrior, a thief, a kidnapper, a robber, a rapist and a wicked man.
“The problem is that you don’t have a place.
He said that the drinking water comes from the wells and is distributed to various parts of the Municipal, PHE and others to various water tanks run by the villages or the Municipal or the Municipal. PHE.When water flows through water pipes where there are old water pipes and there it can cause the water to become dirty and on that part it is necessary for us to look into it. good.
A 58-year-old woman died on Sunday at Nazareth Hospital after contracting swine flu.
Perhaps when I say this, you think that I am teaching to distance or to spread evil among men or among friends, but it is not so.
However, according to the response seen through the media, the government has not paid any attention to the demands of the ASHAs. The Minister of Health and Family Welfare said that the term of office of the ASHAs is only two years.
“It is a pleasure to see that the villages and the children of the thousands have increased in their jobs to improve the society through cooperation,” said Paiem.
“Bah Batskhem also explained that if the MDC and MLA schemes are implemented properly, how much change will come, whether it is roads, schools and others.
The same fine was imposed on Mumbai Indians spin bowler Hrithik Shokeen for his celebrations and at the same time for inciting a fight between him and KKR captain (Kolkata Knight). Riders) to Nitish Rana.
He said that according to the directive issued on 17th November 2020 by the Social Welfare Department, the Deputy Commissioners have been directed to expedite the issuance of certificates to those who are eligible for ST certificates. There is no authority to order and select those who should be given the ST status (those who are not of the father's or mother's caste) but only by the Deputy Commissioners, who have been entrusted with the duty to issue the ST status. who are entitled to ST according to the documents.
The construction of this 13 kilometer road is under the PMGSY Phase-II scheme and up to five villages will benefit from this road.
These days, because of the way of life, because of the increase in income, where even children can get whatever they want because their parents provide for them, many children don't have enough. They like to eat healthy foods, but they prefer to eat junk food like chips, chocolates, and others.
At the same time, it is useless even if we have the Meghalaya Land Transfer (Regulation) Act, 1971 if Benami activities go on and on.
The exhibition was organized by the G20 Secretariat in collaboration with the Ministry of Textiles and State Governments/UTs. Saras Ajeevika participated in the Crafts Bazaar.
The Central Government has sought comments on the proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule (Amendment) Bill, 2012 and the Draft Constitutional (123rd Amendment) Bill, 2015 to amend Article 280 of the Constitution and the Sixth Schedule.
We know how much knowledge we have that we are no longer afraid of defamation according to the Indian Penal Code.
The JSU through its General Secretary Treiborlang R Suchen, said that the JSU has put the issue of the National Games first, because the state government has not turned its attention to the current situation in Jaintia Hills. Jaintia and this has affected the youth of the area as many of the youth and residents of the area are willing to bring the National Games.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The AYUSH doctors under the umbrella of the AYUSH Medical Association of Meghalaya (AMAM) have launched a protest through social media to protest against the lack of attention of the State Government to their concerns. do not meet.
He said that despite the large number of candidates who have applied for tickets to contest the elections next year, as leaders they have to think and have to select candidates. “It's a good idea to take advantage of the opportunity and as a party, we have to think carefully,” said Bah Ardent.
These include East Khasi Hills 6, West Garo Hills 3, Ri Bhoi 5, West Khasi Hills 2, South West Khasi Hills 3, West Jaintia Hills 1, North Garo Hills 3, South Garo Hills 2, Eastern West Khasi Hills 1, East Jaintia Hills 1 and East Garo Hills
In the second half, the match became more interesting and exciting as the players of Shillong Lajong tried hard to score the first goal but they couldn't. Marbisu FC also fought hard to score again and had several chances but many of them were missed due to the inability to score. good balls to near goal.
Rescue teams in Ksan have recovered one body from the 15 people who were trapped in the area and are still searching for another body but have not yet recovered it.
In the second division, Laitkor beat Mawryngkeng 3-1
“Furthermore, Bah Lanong said that the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development has failed in the State.
Shillong, July 09 : The All India Congress Committee (ANC) on Tuesday said that those who criticize the Congress and describe it as They will come to stand in line when the Congress returns to power.
Shillong, July 26 : The Thma U Rangli Juki strongly condemns the shooting death of two students of the Central University of Kerala at Lad Robert Hospital in Jaiaw, Shillong on July 24, and others have happened in the past few months.
He said that the union will not allow such a person who has dared to steal the ration, which the government intends to distribute to the poor families at a low price, but this stealing By this Rangbah Shnong, it has affected especially those poor families.
“We are not against the border demarcation, but when we see the unrest from many sides, we have asked the government to stop, but the government has not stopped,” said Dr. Mawthoh. sit now in the court how to take this matter, when it has been suspended.
“On the part of the Government, we have not approved the request of the Harijans to give us three months and we have decided to give them until 10th June to respond to us,” he said. “The High Level Committee (HLC) will convene a meeting to take a final decision on the matter,” said Bah Sniawbhalang.
“We will take this to the central government to see that we have improved in football.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Davis NR Marak, said that police have identified several persons involved in the incident. for they are a people of understanding.
To register and immediately issue ration cards, bank accounts and MHIS to all day laborers.
On this occasion, the leaders of the Seng Samla Shnong 20Mer and the 20Mer Sports Club, the land owners and the leaders of the Sengbhalang groups, for the first time, held a public meeting at the Durbar 20Mer, to discuss the issue. on the difficulties faced by the residents of the village, in the opening of this tax collection point.
Police today arrested seven more Nigerians from Ratacherra area of ​​East Jaintia Hills.
And the LORD brought forth insects, and creeping things, and beasts, and forty kinds of beasts, and forty kinds of beasts; There are those who do not eat fruit, and there are those who do not eat bread.
It is to be recalled that this is the first time for the Traffic Department to take part in such events, together with the Bansara Eye Clinic.
Shillong: The Minister in charge of Tribal Affairs, Government of India, Jual Oram, today said that the Tribal Affairs Department has released T.125 crore to the Meghalaya Government under Article 275(1) for the implementation of the many of them are in this state.
“This is my voluntary act to showcase this talent to the world.
At the same time, she congratulated all the Khasi youth who took part in this tournament.
Children, youth and elders of the village took part in the marathon.
This is the end, when God will burn up the earth with fire...... those heavens will burn up, the atoms will burn up, and the earth and the works that are therein shall be burned up, and the earth shall be burned up, and the works that are therein shall be burned up. :10.
Speaking to the jhur farmers in the area, they said that this year the production of motors is lower than last year.
Rajapaksa did not send his resignation letter by email.
Precious Tang of Madan Thadmuthlong scored three goals of 42', 59' & 74' and Manhok Suchiang of 45' scored three goals for Thadmuthlong.
On the Tura parliamentary constituency, which was left by MP Conrad K Sangma, FR Kharkongor said that the mid-term elections will not be held because the time has come and it will be held in the MP elections to be held in Tura. nationwide before July.
Police are conducting investigation into the incident.
Nongpoh: Assam Police through Jorabat Outpost, this evening, arrested eight persons allegedly involved in motorcycle theft across Assam and Meghalaya.
He said Dr Donkupar reminded him that to be a leader you have to get the trust of the people and if you don't get the trust of the people, you can't be a leader.
Many of the people living on the Meghalaya-Assam border, catch these dead fish in the river and those who catch them from the river, go to sell in the market. which causes harm to the people who buy such fish.
The First Prize (Hyundai Venue) was won by Ticket No.
The principal of the school said that the Dkhar had come to do wiring in the toilet room of the school and at the time the child was about to go outside with her classmates. Fortunately, with the help of these fellow students, the child was rescued from the evil intentions of the robber.
Furthermore, police sources said that the wife of the robber has also been involved in the same incident. Earlier, the incident was found by the husband of the child and he fled the house.
Assignment of teachersTeachers will be appointed in a transparent manner.
The Global Times has warned that the United States will face a violent conflict because it has deployed troops and provided protection to Taiwan and has vowed to kill US troops first. Those who are in the country, in the case of China's invasion of the country.
Shillong: The Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (ASHA) today announced that they will continue their strike which started on 20th July,
Ma Ledi said that he has been in the political arena since 1971 and this time he wanted to leave the post and retire, but suddenly Bah Gigur The MLA of the area, who is like his son, has come to ask for your cooperation for the development of the area. of this area.
Replying to a supplementary question, the Minister of Power, said that in Garo Hills District there are many problems in the distribution of electricity. This is the reason why the government is struggling to resolve this issue.
Shillong, Naitung 16: AICC Chief V. Narayanasamy has arrived in Mairang, West Khasi Hills on 15th November to campaign for the early elections in the state.
After he said go into the world and preach the Gospel to all nations.
Through this platform, the residents will have to call the helpline No.1971 to express their problems and needs, which the Government will take action on.
When the 'ñiuh kseh falls into the ground (like plastic), it does not rot at all to fertilize the soil but it changes color (from yellow to brown).
Those who violate this order shall be liable to punishment under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code,
Short speeches were delivered by Bah Damang Syngkon, District Sports Officer, Bah W. Biam, ADC, South West Khasi Hills District. LK Tariang, ADC, South West Khasi Hills District who laid the flag for the women in the presence of the parents of the children who came to take part.
“The government will also take a decision to set up a market for the vendors,” he added.
The ULFA leader has been an MP for two terms, the HNLC leader has been a Minister, the Chairman has been a former MLA. you can control your members and you don't have to do this.
He also alleged that the central government has paid Rs 27,000 crore to the farmers in the country, after being threatened by the people.
In these days when the world is changing and there is a lot of trouble, selfishness and selfishness, society has changed. distant, triem and lack of compassion for others especially for the poor and needy which often brings only suffering in all aspects.
He said that in preparation for the elections, the UDP leaders are in talks with the Congress to form a coalition government between the Congress and the UDP. John declined to say how many votes he had in the 2009 elections, but said that nine UDP MLAs in Khasi, Jaintia, Hills, have played their part in the last MP election.
The residents of Meghalaya have immediately refused to accept this assistance from Assam and expect to receive assistance from the Meghalaya government during this time of crisis in the fight against COVID-1 The lawyer said that the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) with the support of the 7 Trep Rural Aid and the Ahor group have come down to extend their helping hands to the fellow citizens living in the border areas. and those involved in the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya on the 12th of this month.
Since I voted for the first time in the party congress, I have been voting for the congress and I hope that the congress will win in
Shillong: Eleven men in three vehicles were arrested by the Lyngkyrdem Village Authority at Mawlieh at 6:30 pm this morning.
The Telangana health department said they had been dead for three days and were not dead on the same day, but were burnt together on the same day. because there were no more burners to burn people every day.
Poor households need a Government that can look into their problems especially to introduce a system that supports them in the field of health, education and income.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Trinamool Congress on Tuesday released its 10 election manifestos to the voters of Meghalaya.
As soon as they were arrested, one of them escaped.
The All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (AAPSU) has lodged a complaint against Pramod Kumar, Chief Engineer, Kimin BRO (Border Roads Organization). in the state of Assam.
“In view of the challenges faced by the COVID-19 pandemic, our health centers need a lot of medical equipment due to the overcrowding of patients.
He said that the loss of talented Khasi and Jaintia singers and the lack of production of songs is due to the increasing theft of songs or piracy and he does not want the filmmakers to suffer. At the same time, he said that the filmmakers will be able to produce their films only if the public supports them by visiting the cinema halls and as well as purchasing original CDs.
On November 19, 1982, it was approved by the Government of India, and Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi laid the foundation stone of NEIGRIHMS in 1986, said Bah Lapang.
“The second is to set up a team of veterinarians from the state together with other departments of the Central Government (such as ICAR) to proceed with the inspection of cattle farms and to verify the presence or absence of of disease," the leader said.
Incense is an interesting sense when we discuss this aspect.
“We should have got districts earlier but they told me that Sohra has been completed, that's why we got Ampati, Resubelpara, Khliehriat. and Mawkyrwat, I understand that there is no need to have rules or criteria and there is no need to talk about the demands or non-demands of the people but everything depends on the power of the government. “I don't need rules, I don't need demands,” said Dr.Don.
College, Jowai due to the overcrowding of the college and the shortage of seats especially in BA 1st Year and Cl-XI Arts.
Haasan was not injured and the injured were taken to hospital for treatment.
Those who attended the meeting included Bah Metbah, Bah Brolding Nongsiej (MLA) in the presence of Bah Pius Marweiñ who was elected by the UDP as the candidate. KP Pangniang, President of the party and Samlin Malngiang (MLA).
It is also the fourth ATP trophy that Rune has won and the hope of reaching the final in 2022; Van de Zandschulp has retired from injury after nine games of the first set.
The Waheh Shnong of Pamrapaithlu, Leningstar Rymbai, said that the foodgrains were distributed to the people on Tuesday and expressed his gratitude to these two leaders of the area for providing the foodgrains at such a time. There is a lack of income for the people due to the lockdown to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
In Group A, Shillong Zone, Mawlai will play against Seng Samla Laitryngew at 3 pm. In Group B, Jowai Zone, Niaw Wasa United will play against Seng Samla Laitryngew at 3 pm. In Group C, Mawkyrwat Zone, Pyndengrei will play against Riangdo at 3 pm and in Group D, Tura Zone, Warima will play against Khliehmawlieh. Youth Club at 3pm.
One of the most famous villages in Jaintia Hills is Nartiang which is about 11.8 km from Ummulong or about 26 km from Jowai.
This has spread to the remotest parts of India, even in the large and small states of the country.
Everyone is asked to attend the meeting without fail.
In this regard, the FKJGP Leader demanded that the Government should take responsibility in providing for the needs of the Frontline Workers as it did in 2020 to avoid the spread of the disease.
The Director General of Police (DGP), LR Bishnoi, on Tuesday said that money is one of the reasons why drugs can enter the country easily. .
In these states, the BJP leaders in the states are not prominent and the BJP, seeing this, has used Modi to campaign by showcasing his work in the central government.
Unfortunately, the National Green Tribunal (NGT) will not be able to respond at any time.
A nation that knows God in this 1000 and 2000 years will fulfill all its good intentions,” said Bah Bindo.
East Khasi Hills has 222 cases, West Khasi Hills 3, West Jaintia Hills 2, Ri Bhoi 6, West Garo Hills 4, East Jaintia Hills 3, East Garo Hills 5 and South Garo Hills
The scheme has been implemented through the Chief Minister's Special Rural Development Fund (CMRDF) at a cost of T.10,57,206/- for the year 2019-2020, which has been implemented since 21st June and completed by November 15,
Shillong: U Tathagata Roy, Governor of Meghalaya, is likely to return after meeting with Defense Minister Amit Shah in Delhi.
He said that there has been no new demand but they have requested that there should be a change here and there to the demand which they have already demanded earlier.
The Government has also tried to support by providing assistance such as food during the training but the surprising thing is that after the training it has ended without any follow-up. They benefit from the training they receive.
The meeting was attended by KSU President Ferdinand Kharkamni, KSU General Secretary, Lambok Rymbai, Vice President of KSU North Khasi Hills District, other political parties, village leaders and others. that riew old.
Shillong: On the polling day of 27th June at 1:30 pm, police received a tip that some unidentified persons were distributing money in Diengsomoud village under Umroi constituency.
This dance includes the wait dance, the pyrdi dance, the mastis dance, the women's dance, and so on.
In his speech, Bah Sanbor urged all the Jaintia people living in Shillong to have a special love for their language, dress, music and sarong. also the thymmei of the old.
Shillong, Naitung 25 : Poverty is the main reason why students, no matter how intelligent, do not have the opportunity to continue their studies in Shillong, said Shillong MP, Bah Vincent H Pala. The Permanent Campus of Khrawsing Christian College is located in Mawngap.
It was made important to record the explanations and that too in the presence of the relatives of the victims.
The bus collided with another truck on the Mexican border and Mexican authorities have announced that the bodies of the victims will be transported to the Mexican border. Venezuela, which is where they live.
The three units of the KSU said that this decision is not appropriate because Bah Kharlyngdoh has questioned the delay of the KSU on the demand for ILP and against the misuse of funds. of KSU Mawlai Circle.
The seven villages include Umroi Madan, Umroi Jaiaw, Umroi Laban Saro, Umroi Umroi, Umroi Nongrah, Umroi Nongrah, Umden Mawthei, Umden Mission, Umden Arka, Umden Umsaitprah, Umden Umden Lar, Umden Umsawriang and Umtieh. Mawkhim, Umktieh Nongshiliang and Umsaitsning, together with the Longkmie Seng of these villages, attended the meeting, which was attended by Umroi MLA, Bah Ngaitlang Dhar.
He lives in Loompyrdi, Jowai and the funeral service will be held on 11.07.2023 at Khñap Thangbru, Pohhali, Dulong, Jowai.
“We will know this after we submit our recommendations soon,” said the president of the KSU. At the same time, he said it is regrettable that there is no action on the part of the government. This Bill is not necessary.
Therefore, “Repent, and be converted, that your sins may be blotted out, when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord. that they may obtain a season of rest from the Lord" (Acts 3:19).
Doctors of the Animal Husbandry Department, have personally visited these farms and taken samples to send the dead chickens to the state.
Out of these 23 rape cases, 13 cases were rape cases of children, the youngest case was a 9 month old child, 10 cases were adults over 18 years old. The oldest of the victims is 48 years old.
The driver of the injured truck was identified as Rajendra Das, 28, of 8Mile Guwahati and the truck was driven by Lamshwa Pakyntei,
After this the EGH was limited to 69.
The family members of Wanboklang Kurbah, who has been missing for two weeks, have decided not to conduct a post mortem but to take the body of Wanboklang Kurbah. They went home because they didn't suspect anything about the death of their son.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong on 22nd June 2013 informed the Legislative Assembly that the government has made progress in the preparations for the introduction of the Fire Service in Mawryngkneng.
Young men and women from different villages as well as children, women and elderly people came to take part in this race.
Starting the second day at 8/1, Meghalaya reached 207 runs with six wickets out against Poducherry's 188 runs.
In the Under 17 category, Government Boys Higher Secondary School beat Marian Hills Higher Secondary School 3-0 Hownidamoni Dkhar scored the first goal of the match.
A ceremony was also held at Assam Club Laban where the MLA of the area presented T.1.5 lakh and expensive clothes to her.
HELP POWER (PDF) – 21492.
He said that the government cannot just send everyone to salonsar but will try to support the schools supported by the government at such times.
In a statement sent by Rgh.Standbyme Sari Publicity Secretary, the Sein Raij said that at this time of celebration of Shad Suk Mynsiem, may God bless and keep us safe. religion, customs and traditions and to bring unity within the country.
In Nawada, the vehicle of BJP MLA Aruna Devi, who was on her way to court, was stoned and five people, including the MLA, were injured in the incident. of the BJP, too, was completely destroyed.
More than 800 cases were registered and more than 696 chargesheets were filed.
Jimmy said that the statement of one of the Garo leaders that he should not interfere with the fire on the renewal of the Reservation Policy, 1972 to avoid bloodshed between Garo and Khasi, Jaintia is wrong and you don't have a foundation.
Another is Raju Ram Berio, son of Bril Sohphoh and Gosam Ram Berio, who was converted by affidavit to the Sohphoh clan, and gave the name Raju Ram Sohphoh.
Susannah Diengdoh has lodged a complaint that at about 11 pm on 14th June, robbers broke into her house under construction at Laitkor Lumheh and stole water pipes worth about T. foot.
However, this is also a big danger because in the end a person can change from one religion to another, but it is difficult to change the nation.
If you as parents and teachers have not taught your children in this way, where will the future of your children go? When a fool is taught by a fool, all that remains is to become wiser.
Since 2018, I have been trying to bring in assistance from the Government.
This was announced by Rev Dr EH Kharkongor, Recording Secretary.
Only the Aam Army Party (AAP) has been recognized as a national party because it has won and has MLAs in more than four states of India.
The Supreme Court has given six months to the Government of India.
A Negro who marries a non-Negro, the child born is a Negro.
The Government should immediately send SOT, SF10 and other skilled police to the border areas to provide security to the residents.
The team will leave for Guharat for the tournament from 5th March.
The vehicle was seized by the BSF troops together with the Baghmara police after they seized the sugar.
On the other hand, the traffic police have requested all the owners of vehicles to replace them with the right ones, so that they can escape the provisions of the MV Act.
Synshar received 3422 votes, 16679 votes out of 32161 voters.
At the same time, the UDP has urged the government and the courts to refrain from interfering in matters related to the customs, culture and way of life of the people in the state. they do so, it means that they have violated people’s liberty rights.
On the other hand, the Voice of the People Party (VPP) through Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, has expressed its strong opposition to this, as the subject Hindi is very difficult to learn to read.
The union said that in talks with the doctor, the union found and was surprised that many of the residents of the area are afraid to come for injections or medicines.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 15: The Minister in charge of Labour, Sports and Youth Affairs Department, Government of Meghalaya, Bah Shakliar Warjri today, 15th June, The Industrial Training Institute (ITI) has been inaugurated at Sakwang village, Mawkyrwat.
Replying to a question by JMM MLA Sudivya Kumar Sonu and Congress MLA Pradeep Yadav, the Labor Minister promised that the bill will pass The portal, which has been set up for the registration of job seekers of private companies to operate in Jharkhand, will be launched this year.
This happened after a Bolero Pick-up (ML04 B 3857) collided with a Scooty (ML 05 S 0953). Debolina Dev, a student of MPPS, who was riding in the scooty, was seriously injured.
When asked about the allegation that some trucks arrive late and get the first load, the SP said that there is anger among the truck drivers, because there is only one coal load station in Umling. Thousands of trucks have been waiting in line and some have to wait for 2.3 days to enter the coal mine.
In Group D, Wasa FC and Khliehmawlieh have both earned seven points after three games.
At the same time, he congratulated Rom Dhar for setting up this hospital for the needy people and hoped that this hospital will continue to provide services to the needy. public in the coming days.
Khliehriat, July 18: The East Jaintia Hills National Council (CEC) has expressed its concern over the failure of the East Jaintia Hills District to receive artificial turf and artificial track through the Khelo India scheme, which was announced by the Minister of State. “We are pleased to see that the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs Department, through his hard work, has been able to introduce these schemes under the At the same time, the union urges the Minister of Sports & Youth Affairs to turn to East Jaintia Hills District and to involve them. Artificial Turf & Artificial Track, for the stadium at Deiñshynrum village and to improve the stadium in the district.
The people of the State will remember these false promises made by the present Government and the people themselves will answer in the upcoming elections,” said Dikkanchi.
For more information, please call: 6009957335, Helpline uer-1
Imat came to India in
Prayer that pleases God is made by humble humility, sorrow for one’s sins, repentance and asking for forgiveness.
KDA President Starwin Kharjana said the KDA meeting held on the 11th of this month has decided to take this step to meet the Governor and if it is not their demand, , they will stage protests.
Rung Noh ha u Prah mo bah, the blessings will fall on you in all aspects. If the Khasi people agree, it will be very good if Bah Kynta comes to the VPP. unlike other lawyers who think only of themselves.
They said that in fact the Syiem in his call on the 17th in Shillong, had promised to visit the area to see the situation but he did not arrive at all and this was sad. to the multitude that followed him.
The meeting was also attended by Parliamentary Secretaries to the State Government, Justine Dkhar and Robinus Syngkon.
He said that the union has suggested to the DC that if there is any problem in the acquisition of land, they should look elsewhere for the land so that the work will not stop. .
Jesus is joy when people face sorrows and anxiety.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad said that in the past five years, the government has introduced the Lakadong Mission and other mission mode programs to open the door for people to turn to other countries. types of activities that are free from environmental damage.
They recovered 7.65 pistols, five rounds of ammunition and mobile money demand letters.
Participants were awarded certificates of training, and other duties.
The Special Court of the National Investigation Agency (NIA) in Guwahati on Friday once again reopened the case against Assam MLA Akhil Gogoi in connection with the protest against the The Citizen Amendment Act (CAA) in Assam will be passed in
The DC said that after the inspection, he as the head of the district will hold a meeting to discuss the matter. All the coal owners' associations as well as the Transport Department of the State Government.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday sought clarification from the state government on the delay in holding the mid-term MDC elections in seven constituencies where the MDCs have resigned. The High Court's reply came after Bah Cherubin Thongni filed a PIL against the state government on the grounds that it has not held the elections.
Bonney filed his nomination papers from the KHNAM today in the presence of KHNAM President and Shillong North MLA Adelbert Nongrum and party supporters.
The Chief Minister said that those arrested have been charged under the Mines and Minerals Development and Regulation (MMDR) Act and Session 3/4 Explosive Substances Act. pt.
In the quarterfinals, Jalyiah beat Ladrymbai Dongwah 4-1 in the tie breaker.
“The world has realized the opportunity that India has in this food industry.
But that he himself opens his mind and brings forth that spirit which is not divided, but comes back to understanding in his own family (Colossians 3:19, Ephesians). 5:25).
Zelensky said Russia at this time is fighting as soon as possible to capture these Ukrainian cities before other countries provide aid and support to Ukraine.
Furthermore, the council allocation released by the state government has reached Rs 45 crore as announced by the Chief Minister at the Cabinet Minister meeting held in Jowai on 4th June The BJP MDCs have alleged that the council has spent more than Rs 93 crore in these months from 28th June 2019 to 26th November From 26th November 2019 to 27th June 2020, the council has received a lot of money because it has been 6 months since the employees and members of the council have not received their salaries.
For this reason the Jews did not have the power of God's work because everything they did, they did only to be praised by men.
Amit Shah was in Imphal on a four-day visit to the state.
FASTOM spokesperson Mayborn Lyngdoh said that this commitment is mutually respected, as ordered and to work together with the police department, as it is responsible for the welfare of the people. teacher.
He said that he has been working with Bah EK Mawlong for 25 years and he has witnessed for himself that Bah EK Mawlong is not such a person and he is a person of love. He is a leader of the people who works for the welfare and development of the people and not as accused until this has affected the community and the sohkliang is still standing. in the hearts of those who have a special love for this leader of the people from Umroi Constituency.
Regarding the meeting with the DC, the President of the Seng said that the DC has promised to take action to talk to the district authorities of Kamrup from Assam.
Regarding the courage of these three young men, the Iawphniaw Kur sends its best wishes to them to have a healthy body and to continue to give. right hand and left hand for the purpose of helping those who are suffering in the face of such incidents.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, M. Kharkrang, said that the incident will be investigated by the East Khasi Hills Police together with the Ri-Bhoi District Police.
He said the government is ready to take up the proposal sent by the Sainik Welfare, which includes the construction of Sainik Rest House in Shillong and Tura, the construction of the office of the ZilaSainik Board in Tura, the re-employment of and provide assistance to retired soldiers, wives of deceased soldiers and to develop the Ecology Battalion.
Israel has been hit by missiles in the Gaza Strip on Saturday.
For our part, we have already sent notice to them to hold this Triennial Conference which we hold once every three years.
Besides, the Seng leaders said that in the meeting with the Minister, they said that if the test is conducted, the state government should ensure that the students of the state should not suffer.
He also visited the SAI Training Center at NEHU where Athletics, Archery and Karate will be held, as well as Wushu, Badminton and Table Tennis.
Bah Manstudy said the people should be clear and should not misunderstand on this issue.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HNM) Ri War Mihngi Circle on Tuesday, 22nd July 2022, raided around Pynursla Market to check Labor License and found that up to 5 people Foreign non-Khasis who occupy khapshniuh shops in Khasi shops.
The death toll in Spain has risen to 514, bringing the total to 2,6
The union has threatened to close down the office after the MeECL department has not been able to provide proper electricity supply to the residents. You have been affected by the electricity shortage.
The PHE water supply for these three villages was drawn from the Umlyngkot well in Par Mawshun area of ​​Nongtalang area.
On 19th July 2018, they sent a petition to the Chief Minister to ask for his assistance on the problems faced by these residents.
Two of the three trees have been delivered to the cow slot ground, one smaller one to be erected at Tihkhyndaw ground in Wahshnong and one larger tree to be erected at the cow slot ground. The children of the Seiñraij from Umlangshor Mukhla village before standing at Madan Slot Masi at Ryngkaw Square in Mukhla Nongrim.
The suspect was identified as Bimal Ghosh and his mother was identified as Namita Ghosh.
To celebrate the Silver Jubilee, the Organizing Committee will hold a five-day celebration from 5th to 9th July at the NSCA Stadium, Pahamsyiem Nongpoh.
However, the silence of the Prime Minister has created a problem for the teachers who have conveyed their grievances to the Government.
Shillong, July 31: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has already selected its candidates for the 7th Amlarem MDC elections. Their names have been sent to the District, Jowai.
Heimonmiki L.Tariang was also one of the leaders of the JYF Bataw Unit in the years 2010-2
This will further promote cricket in the state.
MLAs from Arunachal Pradesh who joined the party recently were also welcomed.
Chengkam Sangma (1/17 off 2) and Akash Kumar Choudhary (1/18 off 3) were the other bowlers who took wickets.
Expressing his anger against those who want to spread rumors, Bah Kharmyndai said, “Whoever informed me that I am a person of HDR Lyngdoh, should come forward to find out the truth about this”.
There are also places in Tura and under the jurisdiction of the district authorities, which are facing difficulties in finding out about the problems of the workers.
" said Lanosha. Daplin put water in the kitli to drink.
Shillong, November 6: The second Meghalaya Got Talent Audition was held on Saturday with 100 teams from across the state to take part in the Mega Audition which lasted for nearly six hours.
“Not all, but there are Hima, Raid and Shnongs which have done many excessive works, that the water has now reached their necks.
In the match played on Saturday, the match between the two teams was very friendly although both the players were able to show their skills to score the goal.
“The recently shown picture of the Umiam River, which has spread on social media, has affected the cleanliness of the river and it is also very unpleasant,” he said.
Shillong, October 02: The Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) led by its President Ardent M Basaiawmoit is ready to contest in all three constituencies in the 2016 mid-term MDC elections.
He said that the robbers also stole the money collected from the churches, expensive flowers and musical instruments of the CE Union. sacred objects used in special services.
It is the last part after you have improved all your faces.
Replying to a question by Mawkynrew MDC Martle N Mukhim, KHADC CEM Pynïaid Sing Syiem said that the total amount of money allocated is T.14 crore and the money received is T.14 crore. 12.37 crore, and the remaining amount is T.1.65 crore.
Therefore, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that all these allegations are baseless and political issues.
“I don't think it would be appropriate for the government to hide the truth by speaking forcefully in such an incident which has caused fear among the people in the state,” he said.
While they were in the land of Moab, Elimelech died and left his wife in the care of his sons.
The Minister of Home Affairs will announce the assistance to the police after the visit of the Prime Minister,” said Bah Paul.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Banrilaburom's mother said that when she was young, she used to have a ring disease. and he touched her eyes until she lost her sight.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad said that the NPP will set a record in this election as the APHLC did in
Social Media has become a very powerful tool and it is up to us young people how to use it in the right way.
After the inspection, the government should have announced to distribute the bailutksan to the farmers, they said.
These projects have been allocated from the Special Plan Assistance (SPA) but the surprising thing is that the project in Ampati has been implemented slowly but the project here in Shillong has been stalled without even a single penny. .
In fact, the market was opened last year, said Tariang, but due to the lack of electricity, it took time to hand over to the village. MeECL has also informed that there is no transformer and this has become increasingly difficult.
However, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the factories have followed the MHA's directive to import coal from abroad and the government cannot prevent the import of coal from Assam. without turning our attention to the dangers and challenges facing us the people of the state.
I am the Khasi religion and the Khasi people.
He urged the Meghalaya government to authorize the Meghalaya Police to visit the Khasi Pnar villages in Block I, as the Assam Police also enter the Khasi villages in Block I. in Meghalaya.
According to Cheristarfield, even now, the HNLC members who are still in Bangladesh are ready to dissolve the party if the MDA government led by Conrad Sangma is quick and responsible. to plant a ksiang to reach the path of peace.
In a statement issued today, the government announcement was issued in the name of the Governor and will come into force immediately for six months.
It is learned that Bah HS Shylla had intended to criticize the CEM at the PDF meeting more than he had criticized in the media.
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister MK Stalin on Tuesday announced a donation of Rs 10 crore for relief distribution in Himachal Pradesh. fall of heavy rain.
At the end of his speech, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that he is confident that the members will go to the new Legislative Assembly with expectation and determination and thanked the Lamphang for his support. allow him to remember the special moments of the legislature.
 Santa is said to come down from the roof and fulfill your wishes.
Nongpoh, Naitung, 14: Heavy rainfall in Jorabat area today has caused flooding in many parts of the National Highway especially in the area. Jorabat said that even vehicles cannot pass through this road, which has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers.
Drinking coconut water every morning can immediately eliminate these problems.
He added that they have already requested RTI but the office of the Syiem has not provided any information.
Shillong: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today met with the Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary and Symbud Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong to discuss the Assam Act. , or the Assam Cattle Reservation Bill 2021 which was passed in the Assam Legislative Assembly.
Through this inspection, we found that some shops have complied with all the orders and some are still violating, for those who violate we have issued a fine of T.50 to “If we find that people are not complying with the orders, we will take stronger action,” she added.
On the other hand, the residents of Sonapyrdi area have also expressed their concern over the parking of vehicles on the bridge especially heavy vehicles carrying heavy loads, because they want the bridge to last and the parking of vehicles on the bridge. It is also a place where people from near and far especially tourists like to stand and watch from the bridge.
Presbyterian Higher Secondary School Mawlangwir won the Best Discipline award and Maharam Government Higher Secondary School Mawkyrwat won the Best March Past award. .
The implementation of this Act is not as difficult and complicated as has been expressed by our leaders in the Government from time to time.
Shillong, Nailar 18 : The OC Blue Shillong Premier League (SPL) 2021-22 has resumed on Friday with Mawlai SC and Nangkiew Irat SC facing off against each other. in the match which was played at the Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
Shillong: There have been 58 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today and 57 recoveries have been made today.
Shillong: A house in Khonglah village, West Jaintia Hills District, has been damaged by a fire at 12 pm this morning.
In fact, the government wants to reach the end of the talks and urged the HNLC leaders to come forward to talk without any fear or conditions.
idols of men, gold and silver, the work of men's hands.
Pooja Batra has acted in several films such as Virasat, Haseena Maan Jayegi, Kahin Pyaar Na Ho Jayegi and Jodi No
To set up factories to create employment opportunities, which will also employ 3.5 lakh people in five years.
The diseases are Covid 19 with type I respiratory failure with status epilepticus with aspiration pneumonia.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Bah Kronding Nongbsap, said that they have said that they will send a report within the next few days. PWD officials have understood that the bridge is in danger.
“The Council should direct all Dkhar women who have married Khasi who have acquired Khasi caste by making an affidavit with Tangjait and who have already been accepted by the KHADC to immediately convert to their Dkhar caste.
Shillong: A woman named Thrina Suchiang, has been evicted from her village, for searching for and finding corruption in various schemes from the state government in Lama village. East Jaintia Hills District.
The differences between them not only cause unpleasantness in front of the people but if they continue to quarrel with each other it can lead to bitterness and division and destruction of the party. whole.
The CBI team arrived at his residence at 9.45 am.
The Asian Cricket Council (ACC) has announced that this year's Asia Cup will be held from 31st to 17th November.
He wished all the youth to continue to achieve higher levels in the years to come.
He said that until now it cannot be concluded especially that it happened at night when there may have been a handshake but thank God that the incident did not cause any serious injuries.
As a result of the continued security operations and operations of the security forces, 79 persons accused of involvement in many clashes across the state have been arrested.
Another shortcoming is the rule to appoint MDCs from other ethnic groups other than Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
He added that the state government would also benefit if electricity could be generated, as the state would no longer be able to use it alone.
The religious leaders of Seiñraij Mukhla have held this ceremony to thank the gods and chiefs of the surrounding areas within the boundary of Seiñraij Mukhla and especially to the “Blei Synhen” who is the goddess who protects and takes care of the children. The Seiñ Raij Mukhla is the owner of the house.
The meeting was conducted by Bah HB Lanong.
Which government doesn't see that?” The presence of Coke Factories in Shahlang has reduced the revenue of the State Government as the factory owners claim that the coal is imported from Nagaland and Assam.
“There are some MLAs who want to contest from the party but I will consider this,” he said.
Police in East Jaintia Hills District have seized 500 grams of heroin and arrested three suspects involved in the smuggling of heroin on Tuesday.
On the part of the Minister, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, he said that the government is working hard to ensure that the use of drugs in the state is curbed. related to this.
Speaking to the manager of the toolplaza by phone, he said that they can only collect taxes, but the maintenance is the responsibility of NHAI and the government.
Therefore, its strength is less than that of the earth.
Therefore, when someone is seriously ill, it is the chow kidar that helps such patients every day, and the bapli cannot wait for 24 hours a day.
I don't want to dig into your rules because I find that you are still wrong, so once again I suggest that you should think carefully before implementing them and you should compare some when Before you set boundaries for all these things, don't set boundaries for places that shouldn't be set.
This was stated by Bah Hamlet at the inauguration ceremony of two projects in Nongumlong, Upper Shillong including the school building of Nongumlong Govt.
At the meeting, the DC together with the acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima and government officials present showed the path of peace.
There are 3,482 polling stations in 60 constituencies.
The Minister said that the Cabinet will leave for Mukroh today where he, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, the Minister of PHE, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar. , the Minister of Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla to hand over the compensation to the families of those who were shot dead worth Rs 5 lakh.
Shillong, November 12: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) Spokesperson Dr Batskhem Myrboh on Tuesday said that the lack of ILP in the state is due to the stinginess of the political parties since earlier years. Speaking to reporters, Dr Batskhem said that if you look at the demand for ILP in Manipur which started in 2015, all political parties have The Congress, BJP and other parties have joined hands in the demand for ILP from the Central Government while in our state there is no strong and firm demand from the political parties in the state. .
We hope to complete the NIT Sohra, which is very much needed,” said Bah Lahkmen.
Rather, it is a history of slaves who were oppressed and who struggled to be free, to survive, to grow, to grow and progress.
Siddharth Krishnamoorthy, a scientist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, said he spent 10 years and discovered that there is a strange sound.
Max now has 69 goals in the tournament, 15 ahead of Sergio Perez.
In the picture, it can be seen that there are about 200 women lying on their backs and these priests get from the back of their bodies, then they say a prayer and hold flags in their hands. young hand.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 27: Speaking at the opening ceremony of the new office of the National People's Party (NPP) Ri Bhoi District in Nongpoh, the National People's Party (NPP) leaders, while speaking on the occasion, strongly criticized the Congress government. Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister, on corruption, violence and monopoly by Mukul Sangma, which has upset the people of the state as a whole.
He lived in only a few rooms and the Viceroy's apartment was converted into a Guest Wing where officials now live.
Shillong: U MDC Nongthymmai Constituency, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, on Tuesday said that the Rangbah Shnongs of the villages in his constituency have been directed to set up a Gram Sabha Committee for the implementation of the Gram Sabha Committee. The My Village My Development Plan is a development scheme of the Government of India.
There were also those who tried to throw umpjah along with the allegation that the action of the VPP is unfounded.
Para Kur-Para Kha, Para Kher-Para Mer and all the friends, Even in the midst of this storm, because of the lyngshop of the tyrlep-ka tyrbun which has spread once again not only in this Mei- Ramew, Meirilum-Meirisan, my dear children of the land of Hynniewtrep, Hynniewtrep, Hynniewtrep, Hynniewtrep, Khasi-Jaintia, but, even in the end of this world, I feel that we should rejoice together in the heat. The Seiñ Raij, Jowai, through the hard work and dedication of its leaders, under the leadership of the President, General Secretary, Seiñ Raij, Jowai together with the Daloi of the District, Jowai and It is through the vision of these elders who have been able to prepare for the Behdieñkhlam festival in Jowai this year to fight against the Khlam-ka ngoh, despite many difficulties. , thorns and thistles, which they met with stones.
They suspected that the money might have been used to buy cows.
Religions, customs and traditions grow from the home to the society, from the household, kur, village, raij, elaka, hima and how ter ter.
On the other hand, Chengkam Sangma took two wickets for 29 runs in the first ball of Meghalaya. Sanjay Yadav took two wickets for 25 runs and Aryan Borah took one wicket for 12 runs.
Many tests were done but they found that it was not TB but another disease. The doctors in the north sent only one tablet until the husband of the woman was surprised at the price. The price of medicine is less than 100 tyngka.
Mumbai: Manath, has been shocked not out of anger, but out of love, happiness and joy, last night and the reason is because she is Shah Rukh Khan's birthday.
To form a joint Government between political parties is the right of the elected MLAs and their party, whether to form a Government with political parties from this State, or political parties from accused of being from Rithor and other States.
Jason Lennox Nongrum has been appointed as the new President of the party.
The teachings of righteousness are short before God and before fellow men.
After a while the puja was stopped with silver and legged with real goats.
It is said that 10 of them have personally experienced Akbar's handshake.
Bapli cried sadly, How sad his soul was; If you don't go, I won't leave you, I'm waiting to kill you.
Sobinora or Meirit, who is also known as Ieid, said that she has been working in this field for more than 10 years, which she started in 2008, with the aim of helping to improve the income of her family. In this world of unemployment, we cannot expect only government jobs.
Shillong, Lber 25: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Public Works Department (PWD) Prestone Tynsong today said that the Government has appointed the Executive Engineer of PWD (Building) Bah Ransom Sutnga to “We have already sent a show cause to the Engineer and we are waiting for a reply.
According to reports, the police opened fire on young residents, passers-by and vehicles passing by the area.
Nongpoh, November 07: Mawbyrsiew Group, one of the youth groups from Umsning area, has decided to hold the 1st Miss Umsning Constituency Cum Mini Fete at Umsning Nongthymmai with the aim of raising funds for the village and also the sports club. village which has many objectives to provide services for the development of the community.
Rahul said that his speech has not appeared in the media whether in newspapers, channels or social media and the reason is that the BJP government has All the media in India have been banned.
Political parties or candidates shall inform the village police authorities of the place and time of any meeting scheduled to be held in due course so that the police can be prepared for the smooth running of the meeting. park vehicles and maintain peace and order.
Nongstoin, Naitung 10: The struggle to build and oppose the road to Mawthabah, Wahkaji, has started on Saturday and although it is not a struggle of words, it is a struggle of words. The incident occurred during a public meeting of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) at Nongstoin Market.
Meanwhile, the Working President, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that Bah Synshar will be the “continuer of the public service which has already been started by his mother, Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
General Secretary: Romania Dkhar 4.
The transportation of timber by trucks has increased so much that they can carry up to 2 or 3 quintals per day and earn thousands of tyngka a day.
The program started at Wahkdait on the 17th of this month where people from all over the neighboring villages came to take part with placards to show their opposition to the CAA. Umniuh Tmar Village and Nongskhen Village as well, where the participation of the people and the village headmen was also seen.
However, if they have a contribution to each other, (but that too is not easy), but if they just go inside from the kharkaia and bsa to the people, then it will be pleasant. pap feels the artad.
The driver of the motorcycle got into the truck and dragged the driver outside.
I To the family of (L) Da-I-Nisha Patlong who passed away on Tuesday 30th November 2021, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to you all. Kha ki man, Iung Jan Sem and Lok Jor who have given their lives and helped to build their houses in these days when they have suffered a lot of sniawsih sniawdiaw and have lost their lives. you are your house iong-i.
In the last match, Mawsiang FC Nongkhroh beat Myrjai 1-0
Praising the National People's Party, he said that many issues affecting the NPP-led government, such as CAA, the death of a youth in Ichamati, the arrival of COVID-19 and others. .
Speaking to reporters, Mukul Sangma said the Nomination Act will not affect the Parliamentary Secretaries as in this state, this Act already exists and not in New Delhi.
Police sources said that the body was identified by the family members as that of Hubert Marthong.
“You don't see that when officers, MDCs or MLAs open the door or close the door, they don't wear masks.
He said that the repair of the Nongstoin Rambrai road was also discussed on the occasion as many places have been badly damaged. The MLA has already written to the Minister to help in the cleaning of the area. He said that the MLA has already written to the Minister. Note that while the two lane road cannot be obtained, the road should be repaired.
This was announced in a statement sent by the General Secretary of the National Youth Party (NCP), Bah Dapkupar Nongrum.
The question was raised by the employees of the Housing Board, where did the extra money of T.1.80 crore which is T.5,23,849 go because until now these employees of the Housing Board have been in darkness because they have not received anything. Your information about this money is not available to the Director.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: Police who were appointed to patrol have turned into robbers.
Shillong, July 30: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday said that the Government has not yet taken a decision on the site for the construction of the Central Jail.
He said that through the PMGSY scheme, the government has been able to implement up to 1200 km of roads across the country.
His reputation as a syiem became so prominent throughout the Khasi Hills, that other chiefs called him Syiem Buhsing u Bakhraw.
At the meeting, it was agreed that both the districts will work together to restore peace and order in the Khanduli area.
He said that this arrangement will cause many problems and confusion and will be a great loss to the Khasi people.
In the second leg, Mawpdang SC beat Riatsamthiah SC 2-1
Public transport will run 20 percent in the city and 30 percent in the rural areas, according to the order issued on 3rd November
The deadline for submission of duplicate marksheets or zerox copies is 18th November
He said that the government will continue to prosecute those who organize the protests and said that they should take responsibility for the incidents across the state and we want such people to be punished. protests will not happen henceforth he added.
Shillong, June 9: U General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Robertjune Kharjahrin on Tuesday said that during an RTI search from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, The Khasi community can only be changed through an Affidavit.
The Brahmaputra River is also derived from the Bodo language known as Burlungbuthur, but it has been forcibly used as a divine source. Hindu Brahman.
According to the rules for the tournament, each team in the pool will play against the other four teams from their pool. once and the top two teams from the two pools will be selected for the semifinals.
These buses were launched on 11th July, 2023 at the State Central Library, Shillong in the presence of STEMS CEO Isawanda Laloo, West Shillong MLA Mohendro Rapsang, Deputy Commissioner of STEMS. SC Sadhu, teachers and others.
The raids were conducted by the National Security Forces in the border areas and in the most vulnerable areas of five districts, the statement said.
The building, named after one of the freedom fighters, Pa Togan Sangma, was constructed at a cost of Rs 16.02 crore and was erected in the city to encourage the youth of the area. to use their skills properly in the fields of sports.
The DC said that the lack of salary of the employees from remote villages for 4 to 5 months has led them to stop going to work.
The Dorbar Shnong Lumshyiap has given 24 hours to those involved to appear before the village before handing over to the law enforcement authorities.
Jowai, Nailur 05: The District School Education Officer (DSEO) today celebrated the 62nd Teacher's Day Celebration at the District Library Auditorium, Jowai. The celebration was attended by the Chief Guest, Wailadmiki Shylla MLA Jowai, DSEO AP Syiem, Doloi Elaka Jowai. SP C.Syrti, DC WJHD, BS Sohliya, teachers, students and others.
No one can stop God because he stopped the sun at noon, and he stopped the moon at midnight.
Deuteronomy 7:15.
The fig tree represents the Israelites, the branch grows and bears leaves, it is the resurrection of the Israelites (Jewish) to their country after thousands of joys scattered by God all over the world.
The speakers expressed their special gratitude to the leader for the promptness and enthusiasm of the village leader to hand over these needs which the village itself has requested for assistance.
When she arrived in Vellore with her husband in a sad spirit, they tried to start seeing doctors in the south.
The EM said that there have been those who have tried to give jait to a man but if they don't get the syrnod from the Council, it will be difficult for them to get the Schedule Tribe syrnod.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Board of School Leaving Certificate (MBOSE) on Tuesday clarified the rumor that the SSLC examination will start on 6th June male.
Barry L Kharmalki, Project Assistant, AHANA explained that the Lost to Follow Up (LFU) Tracking Drive is a three month project to track down 241 people who have been missing. living with HIV (PLHIV) in the district who have lost their treatment and will be brought back to the treatment center to prevent the spread of HIV in the district.
Meeting : means a meeting of households or people in a lympung.
As part of the preparations for the 50th Anniversary of the WJDSA, the Minister promised to provide assistance of up to 5 (five) lakh tyngka.
The two suspended persons were identified as Banshai Malngiang and Arson Malngiang.
She said that the CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla has confirmed that he will attend the prayer in the morning. She said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has been invited to attend the prayer. until now they have not been able to confirm whether he will arrive or not because he has not given a word.
The list of states they traveled so far includes states like Kerela,Tamil Nadu, Pondicherry,Karnataka,Andhra Pradesh,Telangana,Maharashtra,Goa, Chattisgarh,Orissa, Jharkhand, Bihar, West Bengal, Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh, Border of China, Tripura and Meghalaya.
A strong determination of a person really helps him to succeed and fight in life.
India has the second highest number of cases after the United States of America and the third highest number of deaths, behind the US and Brazil, according to the United States. Johns Hopkins University.
The number of cases in Maharashtra has risen to 94,041, followed by Tamil Nadu with 36,841, Delhi with 32,810, Gujarat with 21,521, UP with 11,610, Rajasthan with 11,600 and Madhya Pradesh with 01,0
“Therefore, the members have directed to convene a special or emergency meeting of the Academic Council to discuss the improper implementation of the NEP 2020 at the UG level in the colleges affiliated to NEHU without receiving the The approval of the Academic Council in accordance with Regulation RA-5, Clause 13, under Clauses (1) (a) and (2) of Statute 42,” said Prof Kma.
B. The indigenous peoples in the state shall be happy and hopeful because there shall be a law to protect them from being overwhelmed by the foreigners.
To promote the market for Sohtrun, the CM said that he has also opened a processing unit for Sohtrun at Umdihar IVCS in Umdihar village, Ri Bhoi district.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tyngsong, has urged the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs from the border areas of Block II, not to fight politics on the demarcation issue in the Block II. state.
He recalled the statement of the Chief Secretary, Bah Prestone Tynsong, “Khasi have been destroyed every three years.
JOWAI: The Minister of Transport and others, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday said that the recognition of para kur para jait is essential for any kur to recognize each other and to be able to improve the society from marriage to employment. iap you im of your family.
However, it is only when the picture of the Lamborghini has spread through social media that we will realize that the blue car we see this morning is indeed a Lamborghini and belongs to the Minister of the Government of Meghalaya.
Reflecting on the end of the match, she said that it was an evening in which the SLFC team improved their style of play, at the same time they were able to to try to improve their style of play, or to prevent Real Kashmir from easily scoring.
Shillong, Nailar 19: In order to curb the illegal entry of people into the state, the Governor of Meghalaya, KK Paul, has approved the government's proposal to install an Anti Infiltration.
“If I had met Modi, I would have suggested that he go to the villages to witness the bad roads and maybe This will make it difficult for this blind government to look at the problems faced by the people without Modi.
Shillong, October 09: The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) has yet to pay T.527.07 crore to the distribution companies, Shillong, today informed the House. The state has purchased various fuels and this is until October 2,
Until now, no information has been received what the Congress party in Mawhati will do and if the Congress party fails to extinguish the fire there too, there will be a stir in the party.
The song was composed by Donkupar Myrthong, Heraldo Mawlong and Dame Syiem.
He said that there are many heroes in the world who despite their disabilities but appear before the world by using their talents properly.
Police are investigating the incident and are examining the video footage recorded through CCTV cameras to identify the robbers.
“Now what if after two and three seasons you want to do a renovation again.
Shillong: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, has urged the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to extend the curfew in the state until the end of the month. The number of cases of COVID-19 has increased in the country.
When he reached the other side of the river, he took out the book and read it again.
It is said that every time there is an election, the price drops because those who don't have money have to pay again.
He said that the scheme which the party has promised to support Rs 1,000 per month and Rs 12,000 per annum to the women of the state is aimed at supporting the poor women in the state.
The incident took place at Mawlai Pata.
Before starting the treatment, the doctor said; the treatment will take several months and the cost will be high.
Regarding any development projects that come within these border areas between the two states, he said that if there are any development projects, they can proceed because this has already been decided in the past.
The HYC also alleged that the flags of political parties in any program of the Government shows that the Government is doing only for the benefit of the party.
Their eldest daughter, Alekhya, has recently passed the Indian Forest Service examination and was appointed as a forest officer in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh last year, but has returned. She said she wanted to prepare for the Civil Services examination while her sister Sai Divya was completing her post graduation in Business Administration (MBA). ) and also attended the AR Rahman Music Academy in Chennai.
Protests have spread across parts of the AP led by Congress Chief Minister Kiran Kumar Reddy, whose actions have been strongly condemned by the BJP. This session of Parliament, which will end on the 21st of this month, is the last session before the new elections in January.
In the midst of that, we see that the illegal smuggling of coal continues without stopping.
The year 2020 is the year of no discrimination.
The turnout was 77.66 percent.
) 5.
Israel has threatened to attack Gaza after killing 11 senior Hamas leaders.
Bioles Lyngdoh, Assistant Teacher, Mawthawpdah (Def) UP School Mawthawpdah 5.
Such words are the words pita - for the clothes of the dorji, mynja - for the leaf that produces umshkah when it is cleaned with the iit that has been cut for the purpose of cleaning the knife, latai- the shalyntem kilaiñ ksai, ïit- the thing that is snep and pyrshi that is bright when you look through it, the table - the thing that puts the furniture above the place where people sit, rynda- the furniture to cut the lynter wood, to cut the wood like a shniah shoh maw, to cut the wood like a sword without a bniat, to cut the wood like a knife. and without rashing the right hand from the rynñieng and without rashing the right hand from the tbian, not even a single ksai, cut the tool for cutting prek, rashi- the tool for cutting jyntang kba without bniat, shuri- ia ka wait sum, duli- the item used to hold and close the door, sati- the ksah in the shympriah of the hand also known as the sahti, khadu- the item used in the ring of the hand, clean the earrings, latom- the pyllon of silver juloi for throwing on the ground with a ring of ksai, thyrnia- the stang silver that cannot be thrown with a ksai for the purpose of making clothes, with a narpyllon made of sohiong shyieng sohmanir or with a isbad made of tyrha in the fire, lyngka- with a nar tylli lynter made like a sum from the end. to dig stones, to cut the lyngkhot silver for cutting wood, to cut the snur of thir and suh jaiñ, and so on.
He said that the role of the District Council is for the country and the nation, to protect our culture, our identity, to strengthen our rights, trade, constitution and laws. to ensure that the spirit of patriotism should enter the Khasi Khara children, but not to speak or distribute schemes.
Work opportunities in Fashion Industry for 10th, 12th pass and graduate office work- product management, promoting, brand sponsorship,deal with customer.
It is for this reason that even on the river, people don't want to build houses.
Stephan Mukhim MDC from JHADC has resigned.
The Father of 'Religious Democracy' strongly condemned Bah Adelbert and urged that we should reject him in the same way as we should reject religious or political violence. neither shall there be any more trouble.
Shillong, Nailar 2: The MPUF-CGB in a statement said that the party fully supports the demands of the MPUF-CGB. JSU & JYF on the grounds of holding the MPSC examination and interview in Jowai.
These villages are located near the Simsang River, which is 15 kilometers from Williamnagar.
“Refugees from other countries, including Bangladesh, should be arrested according to the rules but should not be detained in any prison and should be kept in designated houses. specially to set them.
And the angel said unto them, Fear not: for, behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people. For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord. " Luke 2:8-11.
For this reason, Maieid was left alone in the battle (like Robinhood in the middle of the forest) and for this reason perhaps he did not want to marry until his dream came true.
The category of the competition will be for both men and women, and those who wish to participate in this race can register through the District Sport Office. until January 25,
Hamlet said he will join the NPP on the 7th of this month at Umlyngka Square.
He said that the Ganol project will help in the distribution of electricity in Garo Hills, many such projects have been implemented and the government has a strong goal to bring more. He said the state needs about 380 MW of electricity.
Why? Because God from eternity allows the Gentiles of the whole world to hear His Gospel and that the Holy Spirit of God will be able to convict the people of the world about sin AND righteousness. , the grace of the Holy Spirit.
The match was very friendly and exciting as both sides played well from the beginning.
He said that according to the 2016 census, there are 152 million children in child labor worldwide, while in India there are 5.8 million or more than 50 lakh children working in various jobs. they also lost their schooling.
Ma Vincent H. Pala, said that he loves Ri Bhoi District and it is on that basis that he wants to set up an IAS Coaching Centre, so that the youth from Ri Bhoi District can go to school. teach at the Coaching Centre.
When you were alive, didn't you steal, cheat, rob, murder? Answer me, are you not so?" But the dead man did not answer a word.
These trucks include ML 04 4339, driver Emon Lyngdoh of Sohkymphor, ML04 A 6823 and Tiplang Rabon of Muthlong, ML 04 B Mewan Suchiang of Shangpung and ML04 7903 were driven by Kular Papiah of Muthlong.
In a letter sent to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Gokhale said, “I suggest that a discussion be held with the participation of the media in Shillong on the issues of malfunction.
It may be recalled that Bah Snaitang, has sent a complaint in the past few days to the MBOSE office, to express the problem, that there are schools, which are 20 or 40 kilometers from the MBOSE. Nongstoin, Naiwieng 12: A public hearing on the examination of Class IX students within the two hour time limit set by the MBOSE examination conductors. Four candidates will contest the mid-term election in Nongstoin Constituency. It was a very lively atmosphere in which many people came to listen to the explanation from different candidates. .
After the discovery of these weapons, he was shot dead and some people ringed the video and posted it on Facebook.
Journalists were not allowed to attend the meeting between Meghalaya and Assam officials and even until it ended or when they left the venue, where they held the meeting, journalists were not allowed to attend. they never revealed what the discussion between each other was.
The President of the Union, KL Pariat, has appealed to the Chief Minister that it would be a blessing if the government does not provide ration to all the workers who have registered with the MB&OCWB. The State has been closed down to fight against COVID-1
Shillong, Naitung 15: The elders of Raid Sohiong, Maian Thabah, Double Thabah and Sling Thabah, have accused the Lyngdoh Soh of Shemphang Thabah of misusing the daily allowance scheme for the children. Govt LP School Sohiong and other government agencies.
Deepika Padu will be one of the Bollywood actresses who will star in the five highest grossing films this year and next year. 1475 crore.
There are many of these forms of superstition not only in the world but even in our countries where superstition still prevails in many areas.
The event was attended by Bah Jason S.Mawlong, MLA Umsning, who was the chief guest, along with PHE officers, SMB officials, village leaders and the public.
The sudden death of a student of Mody University in Rajasthan has shocked not only the relatives, but also the public.
The Additional District Magistrate accepted his request and handed over the body to the relatives for the last rites.
Wompher February 5.
He said that according to these rules, the District Council is an autonomous body.
When asked what protection measures the party has for its members in case of illegal cattle smuggling to Bangladesh, the party leader said that the party members are aware. “We know how to protect ourselves and that depends on our knowledge which we cannot reveal to you journalists,” said Dundee. to discuss in detail the working methods of this group.
According to the Chief Executive Member of the Raid Marwet, Bah K Syiem and the Rangbah Shnong of Khanapara, Bah Jeromi Lyngdoh, Agarwal from Assam has admitted the ownership of the land purchased from the Saikordor Rumnong.
Shabong said that while she was about to take the slip, she stood up a little slower to allow others to stand nearby, but the slip holder turned away. He alleged that he was standing in line and refused to write a slip.
Shillong, July 31: A Maruti Car (ML-05 B 1217) collided with a Maruti Car (ML-05 B 1217) on the night of the 30th of this month. to go from Lait to Pomlum (Pynursla Road).
IBD (crohn and ulcerative colitis) is more serious than parkinson's disease and India ranks second in the world for this disease. There is no gastroenterologist.
He said that this award is only a reminder to the youth to continue to work harder in the future, in order to become the stars who will bring glory. to the tribe and the nation.
The BJP as a political party accepts all of them and it is the only BJP in the country that walks hand in hand with the people in formulating its agenda.
But my mother was brave and didn't do that and that's why I'm standing here in front of you,” said Irani. kpoh, if you are a woman.
In a statement, the HYC Central Executive Committee, through the Education Cell, strongly condemns all those involved in the recruitment of teachers in LP Schools in the State in
In the presence of the Additional Superintendent of Police, Traffic Branch, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, in the presence of the Additional Superintendent of Police, Traffic Branch, Onel Ian Swer and 2nd Incharge Traffic Police of Lumdiengjri PS, Arjun Chetri; The MLA expressed his concern that this area is the most important area for the construction of the road.
People who had bought tickets for some of the festivals had to refund their money.
Shillong: Members of CoMSO today received placards demanding ILP from P.Rupala, Union Minister of Agriculture and Farmer Welfare during his visit to ICAR Umiam.
“According to the target, it is set to complete it in one and a half years before the end of
There are about 3,000 MeECL employees who have retired and joined before October
Jowai: Police in West Jaintia Hills District on Saturday recovered the body of a 19-year-old man from Myntdu River.
The Dorbar Ialap Election of these candidates was peaceful and all the candidates who spoke at the meeting spoke on their grounds without criticizing anyone.
Speaking at the meeting, Prof RC Laloo congratulated the teachers who have dedicated themselves to their service to the country and the nation.
Leningrad Tariang urged Teimiki to work hard and use his talent properly and encouraged other youngsters to follow his example to reach their goals.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr A War, on Tuesday said that there have been complaints from the employees of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare who are staying at the Quarantine Center to complete the quarantine. To prevent this, a government official will be appointed to look after them in the quarantine centres.
For more information please call 0364-2507477 or
One of the reasons why people, especially women, are deceived is through SMS messages on their mobile phones saying that they have won the lottery and so on and before they get the money, they have to deposit. money shwa big big thousand or lakh.
Bah Charles urged the CEM to take action on this issue and to help the farmers in these areas.
He also urged the children to become children who know manners and respect and especially to be children who are successful in life for a bright future as there are teachers who will guide them until they reach their goals. They shall become human beings in their daily lives.
Once when I went to Nongstoin market I saw a man carrying tins in front of me and the people were throwing tins.
Since 2018, the state government has doubled its spending; This means that the expenditure of the state government in 2017-18 is only T.9,858 crore; for the year 2022-2023, it has reached T.18,881 crore.
“The economy today has shown that the rich is getting richer and the poor are getting poorer.
Shillong, November 29 : The 1st Sohiong Constituency Knockout Football Tournament 2022 was held at Marpna Stadium, Sohiong on November
In this regard, the party strongly condemns the actions of the MDC of the area which has shocked the party leaders because in fact as the leader of the area he was The MDC has allowed these foreigners to come and work in the area.
According to ACHIC, the Government's negligence in not establishing a winter capital in Tura has led to the discrimination against the Achik people in terms of income, social discrimination and society, political exclusion and so on.
Sanbor said that this is a political ploy of some people, and he said clearly, if you want to contest election go to the people, but don't do politics without knowing. to the truth.
The Start-up Grand Challenge was conducted to acquire technologies from people who can solve the problems related to SLWM in rural areas.
The EC of the PDF led by Bah PN Syiem has been released from the House after KHNAM MDC Adelbert Nongrum and UDP MDC Mairang have been elected. Equator L Nongrang and HSPDP MDC from Mawthadraishan Blandingstar Warjri who did not attend the meeting for 10 days.
Dangri Phawa scored a hat-trick for Madankynsaw Mawkyndeng to win the 3rd Division Football Tournament (Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy) on Friday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. , Jowai.
“One thing that touches my heart is that these people who helped me to give birth respect me and come to my house,” she said.
For Mulang Ialong, Pynskhem Mulieh (26), Waibhah Shylla (40) and Tellme Mulieh (68) scored each goal.
The Bar Association has taken this decision after seeing that the people of Jhalupra have protested against the cremation of Dr. Sailo in violation of the curfew across India. to the Curfew.
“The government should appoint a responsible lawyer so that such incidents will not be easy for those who commit such incidents,” said the President of CSWO. The National Food Security Act was announced in 2013 and the scheme is known as the National Food Security Act.
In this incident, it was found that the front of the bus was badly damaged.
“I see from the first to the fourth election they are the same because we cannot just count sting or count troiñ against the opposition candidates.
“So let us look at these good examples that people with high blood pressure can eat without worrying.
“I wonder why the EC cannot evict the people who have illegally occupied the Council land.
JOWAI: Ma Hep Dhar has been elected as the full Dolloi of Nartiang District.
The singer sings in the land of Hynniewtrep, the sword of Heaven, we are the children of Hynniewtrep.
He congratulated the CEM, the EC and all the MDCs who have taken this step to recognize and honor the hard work of the journalists.
Police said the child who was hit suffered injuries to his right leg and head.
Besides these leaders, the daughter of former EM Charisma Rongpipi has joined the Congress party.
Ms Lyngdoh said that this group has also had the opportunity to receive training on planting jhur tit with the assistance of IBDLP in Umran through the RSETI Programme. programs within the village such as social work, celebration of International Women's Day, Poshan Abhiyan and also to conduct programs on how to avoid alcohol abuse and childbirth.
He said that the state has been blessed with the presence of these beautiful places but the government has seen that the neighboring states have also moved forward to promote tourism because of their relationship. Besides, there are other tourist attractions such as history, culture, ancient monuments, sculptures and so on.
“Why does the discrimination and neglect of the people living on the border with Bangladesh continue to this day? The KSU Huroi Unit has questioned the state government on this issue,” said the statement.
At present, the ministers who are protesting against Mukul Sangma's leadership include Deborah Marak, AL Hek, Prestone Tynsong, Sniawbhalang Dhar and others.
He said that in fact, the Western Ri Bhoi Administrative Unit, which is also the first Administrative Unit, was opened on 5th November 1995, after the Ampati Sub-Division. It is surprising that in the current situation, this Administrative Unit has not been established, but has been established in those areas where there is no Administrative Unit.
That is the goal of the people of Ri Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Our Miss Teen Meghalaya, Miss Daniella Shirley Majaw, has already won the title of Miss Teen Diva for the first time and has represented the state in the Miss Teen Diva It was held in Jaipur, Rajasthan.
AS Ryntathiang scored the first goal for Mawpat in the 55th minute.
At present, the UDP, which has 11 MLAs, is part of the MDA 2.0 coalition government led by the NPP, BJP, HSPDP, PDF and others.
He said that if the people are wise, they should elect him as the BJP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
Among these students, Vitoria Sten and Bestarius Sten were also awarded the Topper certificate.
The arrest of these others involved in the misuse of the name of the HANM, was made today, after the members of HANM, sent shrip through this child, whom they had arrested. They have sent a letter to him to call his friends to come to Byrnihat, by admitting that he has escaped from the hands of the police.
He left home and waited for a car from Siejiong at 5:30 or 6:00 pm and got into the car from there but did not get back to NEIGRHIMS because he wanted to go shopping first. from Nongmensong for taking him to hospital.
These office bearers include Bah Bantylli L. Narry, Asst Rangbah Shnong, Kitbor Kharmawphlang General Secretary, Pradeep Swer Assistant General Secretary, Banri Dohling Treasurer, Wilfred Majaw Rangbah Dong C. Nongrim Hills, Honorius Nongrum, Rangbah Lower Nongrim Hills, Bah Torry K.Kharsati, Chief Adviser and nine executive members.
Women and Child Development Minister Halappa Achar said the state government has taken steps to curb violence against women and said that compensation will be provided to the victims. the acid price has been increased to T.10 lakh.
No one is allowed to sit in one place or carry prasad.
At the time of writing, it was seen that the vehicles were still standing in line to search for the vehicles. Vehicles from Upper Shillong to Iewduh have been closed.
In a statement sent by the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), the Central Body of the Hynniewtrep Youth Front (HNYF) has expelled its Assistant Secretary, Edward Thangkhiew. Eddy lives in Shillong, Shillong.
The opening ceremony was attended by Francis Swer as Chief Guest, Additional SP J Mairom, Krison Langstang MDC, Tbn.I Phawa and other elders of the area.
Tynsong said the government has made it clear that it will not be able to set up BOPs in Block I or Block II, but will set them up in Meghalaya.
In a request for support for the NPP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Ampareen Lyngdoh, the party General Secretary and Symbud Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar on Friday urged the leaders of Jaintia Hills to confirm The NPP has broken the record by winning the Shillong seat from the Congress.
The unemployment of the youth has caused confusion and anger among the youth in the state until it has led them to shoot and protest due to the lack of attention of the state government.
After a while, the elders of the village led by Bah Kmen Myrchiang, General Secretary of the CCIB, came and went to talk to the BSF. He said that when the Indians stand near the border crossing, they try not to stand near the border while when the Bangladeshis come back to India, they listen.
At this meeting, they decided to demand from the Government of Meghalaya to immediately release their salaries which has reached four months from July to November
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Huroi Unit after inspecting the Sub Health Center in Huroi village, East Jaintia Hills District, has found that There are many shortcomings and this has affected the people of the area as a whole.
The beach authorities announced that the public and fishermen are temporarily closed to access the beach until further notice.
The purpose of the program is to enlighten the students on mental health and to promote and take care of mental health.
“The inclusion of these two candidates is because there are some areas in Jirang Constituency which will fall under the second phase,” he said. The members of the Committee, that we will consider carefully and after that we will set a date to hold a meeting and we will invite the leaders of the District Council, the Syiem and the Rangbah Shnong”.
Bengaluru: The price of piat has risen to T.200 per kilo in Bengaluru due to the shortage of piat in the city of Karnataka.
The Sohra Mandal also elected the Presidents, Secretaries and other office bearers of the BJP party's Yuva Morcha, Mahila Morcha (Women's Front), Kissan Morcha (Farmers' Front). ), ST Morcha (Schedule Tribe) and Swachh Bharat Morcha.
It is learned that there are other journalists who are suffering from illness and who have approached the department in the past few months to ask for assistance for the Journalist Welfare Fund (JWF). However, it was reported that this issue has turned into a jelbi and this is the relationship between the state government and those who have been known to be the fourth pillar of democracy.
About 60 percent of the coal mining factories in our country have been affected by the ban on coal mining in the state,” said Deputy Commissioner of Kurigram, Bangladesh ABM Azad on Monday in Shillong.
EMH Passah and Lammat OO Laloo have been re-elected as the Working President and Honorary Secretary of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at the Annual General Meeting on Saturday.
The inspection was led by Bah S Phanbuh, MCS, Assistant Commissioner, Revenue West Jaintia Hills, Government officials in the presence of Bah Khroo L Pariat, President KYKWM, DH Pde President JFEPA and others.
Shillong: The State Government has issued a rule for the conduct of marriage ceremonies and in the rule, it has been directed that those invited should not exceed one part of the wedding ceremony. three percent of the seating capacity in the church or in the meeting rooms.
To strengthen the protest, the President of the Association, Bah Birbor Riangtem, announced that the dismissed contract teachers will hold protests in different districts of the state.
He also spoke about the border issue which is the cause of the struggle of the people living on the border. He said that he wants the government to resolve it completely because there will be no problems in this area. In Assam, the same Congress party is in power.
“If this office encourages online payment, it will also avoid affecting the travel expenses of the people of the district,” said a statement from the two organizations through J Pala, President JYF-EJHDU. The Government through the Moowakhu Electricity Distribution Department, Khliehriat Distribution Division to discuss with the officials of the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited and the Government on this issue for the convenience of the people.
Karnataka tied first and scored 259 runs for the loss of all wickets while Meghalaya tied second and scored only 144 runs.
He said that when the union met with the Minister of PWD, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, on July 10, he promised to fill the road with stones in the worst areas of the road. followed by the clean color.
To say that it is fate does not agree with the thinkers but fate has its own change.
Referring to the types of alcoholic beverages, Marak said that they are the alcoholic beverages which have affected the families and the society especially the use of drugs which leads to illegal activities.
Meghalaya started with 1% water supply in 2018 and has achieved 41.5% water supply, making it one of the countries with the highest water supply. cor um in this country.
“We on the part of the Government are also with the private sector who are taking up this tourism industry,” he said.
Be prepared,” the message said.
After arriving from Sohra, the HANM members also visited the Sordar of Umwai who is currently admitted to the Civil Hospital, Shillong with an injury to his right hand. to a healthy body.
To prevent her lambs from falling to the ground, she was tied with a bra and the lamb gave birth to three lambs.
The Lawsohtun-Laban road should be completed up to 3mer of Mylliem.
We have done our best to build Meghalaya in the last four and a half years,” he said.
Up to five IEC vehicles have been deployed for South Garo Hills, of which two have been deployed to four C&RD blocks in the district.
(You can find it on p.5).
The order also said that the Chief Superintendent of Police has been in East Jaintia Hills since 2021 and should have known the situation and what is happening in the district.
Kyrmen also asked Rituraj Ravi where they should take Bindas, but he did not give a clear answer and said that they should take her for medical check-up.
They said that the statement from other parties and those who say that the Congress has no wind in Meghalaya is just a statement that has no basis at all and the reason why they have issued They are afraid of turning against the Congress.
He said that the Central Government and the States have achieved many milestones in the past six years, but we cannot stop there.
The program will start at 8 pm at his residence in Nongjngi Ionglwit and continues to the cemetery of Ionglwit.
The first meeting to discuss the demarcation was held on 24th June in Guwahati.
“The deeds of Myllung SoSo Tham have made it necessary for the future generations to celebrate the death anniversary of Myllung Ka Jaitbynriew.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 59 cases, including 8 cases in Iawmusiang, 6 cases in Moopyllaitsyiar, 10 cases in Panaliar, 5 cases in Phramer and 15 cases in West Khasi Hills.
The report of the village of Sonapyrdi was also presented at the meeting.
Speaking to Mawphor, KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit leaders including the President, Bah Streamly.
The VAT collection in 2017-2018 was T.180 crore, 2018-2019 was T.160 crore, 2019-2020 was T.204.31 crore and 2020-2 long T.140 crore by July
He said the government has not had any peace agreement with the ANVC-B, but has only had talks and agreement with the ANVC-B. “The ANVC-B is its own rebel group after it split from the ANVC, there was no agreement between the government and the rebel group. MUA has misled the people of the state,” said Purno.
According to the figures sent by the state government today, the death toll has risen to 28 and the number of missing has risen to
According to the complaint, Marshall Biam said that these Muslim refugees came from Nawgoan District Assam and from 11/02/2020 to 18/02/2020 they stayed overnight at Byrni Hat (Mosque). From 19/02/2020 to 23/02/2020, they stayed at Dhobi Mosque in Nongpoh for five days. From 24/02/2020 to 3/03/2020, they stayed at Dhobi Mosque in Jhalupara and from 3/03/2020 to 14/03/2020 at Jaintia Cement, 15th and 16th October at Umbir Masjid (Cement Road umpleng-EJHD) and from 17/03/2 They are still in the mosque in Ladrymbai.
He said that as the MLA of North Shillong Constituency, he has been monitoring the issue of evacuation of the people living in Iewmawlong.
Rajnath also paid tribute to those soldiers who died in the wars and hoisted the 100 feet high flag of India at Laitkor Garrison which is also the tallest in the city.
These include 140 cases in East Khasi Hills, 28 cases in West Garo Hills, 8 cases in Ri Bhoi, 6 cases in Ri Bhoi, 3 cases in South West Garo Hills, 1 case in West Garo Hills and 1 case in East Garo Hills. The total number of cases in the State has risen to 88459 out of which 84841 have recovered and 1497 have died.
In this regard, the party expressed its gratitude to the District Council and Hima Mylliem who have taken the initiative to look after the welfare of the Hima of our people. said Louis.
She said that regarding the ration recipients, many of the residents do not receive the ration card. people who don't have houses, but according to the customs and traditions of the Khasi, many of the residents of the villages are houseless because they have inherited, but this doesn't mean that they have enough income. I don't know what to do.
The District Selection Committee of the District Session Judge of Nongstoin District has sent a letter to inform that the examination will be held from 22/June/2 on 22/October/2023, but the letter will be received on 25/October/2
Repeat by placing the outer part in the middle and covering the middle part outside and inside.
Although there are frequent power outages during the day, the ‘bills’ are the same as during normal electricity supply.
Speaking to media, Conrad said the Cabinet will take action in this regard.
The union leader also urged the MLA of the area who is also a Minister in the MDA government, to take action and turn to the village and they will also meet him to discuss how. will have.
Mercia Abie Dhar scored 11 runs while Natasha Rabha scored 4/20, Monica Singh 3/7 and Jennyfer scored the most points. Fancon 2/17.
Boys Higher Secondary School to help ensure the welfare of the students.
No one was injured in the incident but they saw it from a distance and tried to stop the vehicle by shouting from a distance but it went straight to Shillong. From the Sohra area, it was reported that there were about three men and women in the vehicle who were dancing and singing inside the vehicle.
You show that you are stupid, stupid or just annoying. 3) Your speech not only shows the good or bad around you but the way you speak has a relationship with the way you think. and that can change the course of your remaining life.
As Scheduled Tribes, we enjoy government services, education, and are exempt from paying Income Tax.
They said that there are times when they die from the disease but this disease happens only once.
He said that the Cabinet has decided not to appoint a Committee of Inquiry to head the Judicial Commission if it is a judge who has retired or who is still in office. the reasons for the loss of human life.
Since Sunday morning, 40 teams have been deployed to search for the missing helicopter and it was found on Tuesday morning.
He said the company has stopped working from Wahkdait to Dawki.
Sardar Vallabhai also promised to establish a Federal Court.
Therefore, the markets will be opened at Anjali Parking Lot from 25th to 28th June and at Sankhamti Parking Lot from 25th to 27th June
Our actions can reduce the amount of plastic waste and improve the environment.
The Joint Committee on Reservation Policy (JCCRP) has recently held a meeting to discuss the report of the Government through the Expert Committee to review the State Reservation Policy
“Whatever kind of work you want to implement in your village with the participation of the Dorbar Shnong, I have no authority to refuse,” said Bah AM Lyngdoh.
The good thing about this vitamin is that it differs from other vitamins that appear in the form of fat-soluble, if too much can affect the health of the body, while Vitamin C is a water-soluble vitamin.
It is learned that this happened when Bah Thabah and three of his sons went fishing together at Umiam Lake using a boat.
The hospital is run by Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Vaidya Pratishthan (BAVP).
The West Jaintia Hills Taxi Owners' Association (WJHTODA) has urged all taxi owners to stop paying the Meghalaya Passenger and Goods Tax (MPGT) on motor vehicles until They have already arranged the payment of taxes with the office of the District Transport Officer, West Jaintia Hills District.
The KHNAM has demanded 80% employment for indigenous people in the state in the private sector as well as in companies.
The rainfall, this time, is the heaviest in 2016, according to the Indian Meteorological Department.
Shillong: The Airtel network has been down for a day in Mawkajem village, according to local media.
The statement said that there are many issues on which the BJP government has violated the rights of the citizens of the country especially the Christians.
Secondly, the union has demanded from time to time from the state government to set up police posts to patrol the border areas to avoid the infiltration of the Assam police and restore peace and order.
The teaser or trailer of the music video can be watched at the following link.
Manisha Turnia is still in pregnancy and is carrying her first child, who is about 6 months old, and her first child, who is 6 years old. .
The meeting was adjourned today as there were no other issues to be discussed.
“The people of Sohiong are now turning to the young man to be the advocate, the speaker of the issues in the Legislative Assembly.
No one knows because even the drivers of the garbage trucks of the Jowai Municipal don't know where the garbage has been dumped.
The BBMF, Meghalaya Chapter, said that people from the North East and those who go to study in different parts of the country, often face this discrimination.
The panel discussion brought up many symbols of thought that shook the minds of the participants.
Khongwet scored the second goal four minutes later before Ridalin Suting (33') scored the first goal to take a 4-0 lead in the first half.
The examination was conducted at Tumkur Road Hospital in Bengaluru by doctors appointed by the AIFF. There are 87 players over the age of 34 and only 34 players under the age of 18.
Ardent said there is a shortcoming on the part of the police department although they have received information that the mob will gather to attack the Chief Minister's Officer.
On the other hand, u Wailadmiki Shylla in his speech praised the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) for working hard to fulfill its duties in the past two years despite the Covid-19 pandemic. The development works carried out by the government as part of making Jowai clean and tidy, by distributing two colored Dusbins to all the households so that the garbage can be separated from the rotten and unclean. decay.
He also expressed his gratitude to the Principal, staff and students of the school, for this meeting with them will make him unforgettable.
The body has been recovered from the crematorium and sent for post mortem at the Khliehriat Community Health Centre.
The minister was at his residence at the time of the raid, the report said.
However, the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Council has stood firm to explain to the public how to elect the leaders.
Recently, Prestone Tynsong, Head of Road Construction in the State, said that the Central Government has allocated about T.600 crore for the construction of the Western Bypass Project.
All the drivers of these 16 trucks also said that they had to pay T.500 to T.2000 at the Umtyr-a Weighbridge to get over the border.
The District Magistrate said that this order came after there were complaints about the illegal collection of money from shops and other businesses in the name of donation or giving. The letter demanding money has severely affected the owners of these shops and has also caused panic among the public.
“If we can control the income, we can also control the entry of foreigners,” said Bah Michael.
Pretty Kharpyngrope, President of the UDP Women's Wing, would be grateful if Pretty Kharpyngrope, President of the UDP Women's Wing, issued a single decision on any decision or the creation of the UDP rules by me alone. cleanse it now.
After two years of not being able to participate due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this year they have been able to participate freely as in previous years.
It was also explained that in IMI 5.0, children who have not yet received vaccination will be registered under U-WIN and will be vaccinated again at the scheduled time and place.
The court expressed its hope that the investigation into this case will be speeded up.
The video shows the father, mother and a son sitting on the floor of the house and the son asks his father about the blood in his hand. “I want her to be alive, but she is dead,” she said.
After the meeting, the next day, the Chairman of the Regional Committee and members of the Committee, together with senior members of the Assam government, will visit the areas where the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam, where according to information received, the places where they will conduct the inspection are Khanapara and some places in the Pillangkata area.
The son said that his identity as the pyrsa who had disappeared from the house was from the clothes she was wearing.
The celebration was enriched by dancing, singing by the students and teachers as well.
Jemino said he does not own any land (except for the land and the house) and is also a lecturer at the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) and receives his salary from the university and the house. He graduated with a Doctor of Philosophy (Adult and Continuing Education) in
Speaking to media, HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin said the party has decided to hold a meeting to explain the political situation, to educate the public, how to elect leaders. to be the rulers of the country and the state.
In the past few days, this writer, visited Jowai and was surprised to see the courtesy of the drivers in Jowai.
In a statement, the Kur expressed its pride in having an office bearer who can stay in jail for the sake of the country and the nation. to express their demand for the immediate release of this youth without charge.
In a statement, the resignation was taken by Stortonbin K. Kharai, Assistant Organizing Secretary of FKJGP, South West Khasi Hills District and also by the President of FKJGP. and Secretary of FKJGP Mawkyrwat Unit, and also President of FKJGP Pyndensakwang Unit.
The people wanted me to put the gas cylinders at home, but I couldn't because my truck couldn't enter the village because of the narrow roads.
“The responsibility for providing assistance lies with the state government,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Mukul said the Government in 2012, introduced the Meghalaya Mineral Development and Regulation Policy, If you have a land area of ​​5 hectares, you can apply for a mining lease.
The Syiem of Raid Marwet has issued a notice to the foreigners who do not have permits to trade after the inspection of the EM in charge of Trade by the KHADC on Thursday. The meeting was held at the office of the KHADC in Killing area where many foreigners did not have a Trading License to operate their businesses. Syiem of Raid Marwet where dozens of foreigners without trading licenses came to participate and also agreed to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the KHADC. on the rules they have to follow before they start any business.
Nongpoh PS police rushed to the scene and the investigation is ongoing.
It is to be recalled that on the 26th at 9:00 pm, a CRPF soldier on duty at the Toll Plaza at 20Mer, went to buy kwai from a shop of a girl. Khasi and at that time he started to act kynshlein by asking questions that should not be asked and also started to tare and touch the parts of the shadem.
