323 vehicles, mobile phones and more than Rs 1 crore in cash were also seized.
One of the voices from the leaders including the Speaker of the House, the Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition in the Meghalaya government urged the people not to insult the people infected with the corona virus. virus' and also those in quarantine centers across the state.
“The tax on goods has been increased to 5 per cent,” he said.
The appearance of leaders to support other new candidates when the elections are approaching is also a reason for their defeat.
Therefore, the government should set up the camp within the border of the Garo Hills.
Earlier, Conrad urged the government officials not to allow power or money or other temptations to lead them, but to focus on how to serve the people.
The NGT order does not work at all especially in these times when the police have arrested and seized many trucks including the drivers who violate the order.
NorthEast players who are expected to play tomorrow include Redeem Tlang, Mirshad, Dinesh, Gaurav, Michel, Tondonba, Romain, Pragyan, Parthib, Phalguni, Rochharzela and Manvir.
We have seen that the Jaitbynriew has held MP, MLA and MDC elections three times in three years.
According to information received from the manager of the CSP, Shah Alam, the incident happened while he and the employees of the CSP were preparing to close down the workplace. .
Methodius Dkhar received 19,368 votes and won by 5187 votes against Gigur Myrthong who came second with 14181 votes.
The issue was concluded by giving the government six months to create the mechanisms to pass the VAB and if not, they threatened to protest.
The seeds of the field are very small, so they must not be sown before they are planted in the field.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The HANM-Khliehriat Circle together with the HANM-Narpuh Circle have expressed their regret over the arrest of police leaders while they were celebrating the 5th Anniversary of the party.
It was broadcast on 15 August
The electricity post is also equipped with solar power.
It can be said that the cost is very high and it is also clear that most of the residents in the State are sick and disabled.
“I remember your words, when you had to leave the film industry, which you have been in for 35 years, and take responsibility in Andhra Pradesh, because of the corruption in the state. Congress party,” said Parvathi.
On the same day, Mukul also launched a commemorative book of the centenary.
Shillong, Iaiong 2 : The governments of Assam and Meghalaya and the residents of Mukroh village have clashed over the shooting death of seven people by the Assam police on 22nd November The affidavit was submitted to the Judicial Commission by Justice T.Vaiphei.
The aim of the committee is to educate the public on the dangers of illegal coal mining in the State and from now on, it has the aim to educate the public on these issues and others. There are ways and means to have a coal mine that is suitable for the present day.
“If the drivers of commercial vehicles do not provide the necessary documents, it is their fault because if the police find such, they can take advantage,” he said.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 2,232 and the death toll has risen to 1,5
They have been taken to court and will remain in police custody for five days for further investigation.
Furthermore, to implement the target of 100 per cent waste collection, the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) will immediately stop collecting waste from 1st March, If anyone is found not to separate the garbage from the hillside, they will be fined according to the Meghalaya SWM Bye Laws
Today, 2,300 people have been tested.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Pynkmenlang Sanmiet urged the new leaders of KSU Pahamlapong and Pahamsohthri to be disciplined and to cooperate with the authorities. shnong, not to be arrogant and to take advantage in the name of the party.
These traditional healers, from Umroi area, received a one-day training on how to help and advise those suffering from malaria which is one of the most common diseases in India. it is one of the most terrible.
On the allegations of corruption by the AITC against the NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, Prestone said anyone can accuse, and they can make allegations just to confuse. to the people.
However, the Central Government has not responded yet.
Perhaps this may have affected many of those whom we have not invited or invited, but we cannot because they are too many, so we have tried a little first and we will do better in the remaining times.
“The MFA has been important in my journey as a footballer and the Mizoram Premier League in which I have participated has encouraged me to move forward and with the end to reap the rewards” said the 26-year-old player.
Therefore, the opinion of the opposition in the Legislative Assembly is only a hypocrisy.
The church is not a house where we talk only about heaven and eternal life.
The Rangbah Shnong of Nongmensong, Bah Phrang Warjri, said that the government's delay in sending people to stay specially for the poor families in Nongmensong village has caused problems to the village as it has to patrol the people. who came to work in the night.
The Association of Coal Owners and Owners of Jaintia Hills has decided to fight against the NGT's ban on coal mining in the Court.
The principles were also laid down for the Dorbar Kur or Seng Kur to conduct their kur affairs smoothly, in order to avoid confusion and differences of opinion among the kurs.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the MTCWU, Bah K.Rumnong, said that the strike will continue as no message from the government has been sent to them until now. day.
The program was organized by the Mawryngkneng Area Development Council under the leadership of Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem Chairman of the Council in collaboration with the Nazareth Hospital, Shillong.
There are currently 25 villages in Ri Bhoi District, 20 villages in East Khasi Hills and three in West Garo Hills, said VK Bhatia, Project Director of the project. task.
“We have received the complaint of the students and we are surprised that the state government has not done anything on this issue which has affected the students,” said the BJYM. The Assam government has already requested the central government to release Aadhaar for the benefit of students because it understands the problem but the surprising thing is that the Meghalaya government has listened and has not. said something to the federal government.
Therefore, it is expected that the current team will train hard so that they can play well and also win the chess tournament scheduled to be held in Thailand in June this year.
Forwards: Sheen Stevenson Sohktung, Nelson Rymbai, Shaiborlang Kharpan, Chesterpaul Lyngdoh.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been able to overthrow the Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Pynshngain N Syiem. .
“As the Waheh Shnong, I would like to remind you that after these incidents, I immediately went to the office of the Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills District in Khliehriat to inform and I have already sent a letter and request. The Deputy Commissioner, if possible, should strive to provide assistance and repairs to the school building as soon as possible, as the school building is in great need, to be able to send the children back to school. He said that the office of the SDEO East Jaintia Hills District has already sent an inspection to the school, but it is surprising. The Waheh Shnong said that the education department and the relevant authorities have not yet sent any assistance to repair the school building.
This is the money that comes from the Umtham Plantation.
Nongpoh: A delegation from the Meghalaya State Planning Board, led by Bah Lambor Malngiang as Chairman and Hopefull Bamon, Co-Chairman and other members of the MSPB, today visited Byrnihat, Byrnihat. to encourage the staff of the Covid-19 Screening Center in Byrnihat and at the same time to inspect the condition and working methods of the Covid-19 Screening Center in Byrnihat.
This award will also be given to all the Poor Dropout Students who have passed. in the Division.
“James Sangma said the Government will take action to continue the maintenance of tree bridges in the State through Baubotanik technology.
Shillong, November 3: Once the 6th Scheduled has been amended, the increase in the number of MDCs will apply jointly in KHADC and JHADC. The meeting was held today at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
The Seng encourages the Executive Members of the FKJGP not to back down on this issue.
The UDP, Ri Bhoi District, held a general meeting in Nongpoh, while the HSPDP held a general meeting in Umsning, to discuss the issue. or think carefully, in order to strengthen the Party in the District as a whole.
The award is known as the Excellence Award
“We strongly condemn this treatment of the political parties and his counting of dewthala against us and this has discouraged us to discuss our issues as citizens of the state,” said the HANM Kynthei leaders.
Shillong: The Hills Farmers Union (HFU) Commander Shangpliang has urged the government to ban the army troops from coming to buy food items from the Anjalee Parking Lot market. syier to see that they come at this time of increasing COVID-1
This was the view expressed by British Finance Minister Rishi Sunak, who suspended the government's decision, which was passed by former Prime Minister Tony Blair. England, which should send 50 percent of its young people to universities and promote these people while they are unemployed or the so-called "Mickey Mouse" degree.
He said that the most important thing on the part of the state government now is to get back the weapons seized by these people.
He said that for the coming months it depends on the change of weather, it depends on the receipt of the allocation from the central government.
However, police did not clarify the arrest and suspicion of these three persons at the time of their arrest and took them for further investigation.
The CKDS through the Project Link Worker Scheme (LWS) with the support of the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MACS) conducted the training.
Therefore, the policies adopted by the Congress in the past are very different from the policies of the present government,” said the Congress leader.
The many types of single-use plastics, especially those thrown away on the streets, rivers and streams, endanger our lives, enter our food through plants, pollute or cause pollution of water in rivers and affect the number of fish, causing climate change and global warming due to increased air pollution.
“Because there have been many superstitions and other illegal activities that violate human rights, it is necessary for the government to pass a law to curb such things. to this thing.
Therefore, as many of the villages in Patharkhmah fall under the border area, in order for this area to develop, the government needs to upgrade the Patharkhmah Administrative Unit to a Civil Sub. Division.
Earlier, the film was scheduled to be released on November 1, 2017, but due to protests in many states, the film, directed by U Sanjay Leela Bhansali and her actress, who has also been threatened with beheading by opponents of the film.
“All the government employees have received this arrear why only we have not received it yet,” said Bah Pyngrope and added that in two years the government will set up the fifth pay commission but only for the The fourth pay commission has not been paid.
They want the leaders to be those who understand each other like everyone else.
They were arrested on the complaint of Mariabiang Lyngdoh, who lodged a complaint that on the night of the 19th, a motorcycle with registration number ML 04A 3386 was stolen from her. I'm from Mynthong.
Therefore, if the right to freedom of speech and expression of the mistakes or shortcomings of the Government, the Government is not punished, especially those groups that are not involved with the Government.
The people of the country and the nation want to know your vision and position.
That is why Satan is said to be the ruler of deep space.
The Meteorological Department has forecast heavy rainfall in the state tomorrow, while heavy rainfall in the northern parts of the state.
On the other hand, the Seng said that these foreigners have come to trade and work freely in the district without respecting the District Council in charge of this matter.
It is understood that even the PDF has intended to nominate its candidate for the upcoming MP elections.
Inter Milan are now third in the table, followed by Atalanta and Roma.
“According to the implementation, T.15 lakh will be given to the families of the refugees who are citizens of the country in case of death from the attack, T.20 lakh to the families of the Defense Forces. T.4 lakh in case of injuries and disabilities.
Voice of the People Party (VPP) Leader Ardent M. Basaiawmoit in the presence of Adelbert Nongrum, MLA North Shillong on Thursday visited Langpih to explain the principles and introduce the principles. members of the public.
What happens when forests are destroyed, and how it affects life in the countryside and in the countryside.
Metbah said he supports the implementation of the MRSSA Amendment Bill and will soon go and talk to the Governor.
According to my information, the root cause of this incident is due to the border crossing and invasion of West Karbi Anglong Assam into the boundary of Mukroh village.
He said that last month, as the Rangbah Shnong, he had sent a Public Grievances Complaint to the Chief Minister but no response has been received.
The Seng strongly condemns those who allow the mynder only for their own personal gain without thinking of the danger to the nation and the Seng will not rest to monitor the arrival and departure of the mynder. .
Speaking at Panchayat Aaj Tak today, Yadav accused the BJP government of failing to assist Bharat Biotech, which produces Covaxin, to market it. Your corona virus is spreading all over the world.
Explaining on the allegation, Bah Pynshngaiñ said, “Regarding the spread (of the video) on Social Media by Bah Pynshngaiñ and his supporters, on my part, I have to clarify as follows. In fact, there is no arrogance on my part but there is a dispute between the supporters of the Congress party and the BJP and on my part, I have rushed to stop this dispute so that that there shall be no sorrow.
Shillong, March 31: Police on Tuesday arrested the President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Bah Bles Dkhar on charges of extortion. from the kit trucks.
Therefore, we too must be willing to work hard in whatever we do and follow in his footsteps and be examples to live righteously and to be those heroes or leaders.
“This 2.5 lakh people is the figure of the Social Welfare Department which was collected three years ago and I have said that it is necessary to collect another census to know how many people there are in the state,” said Paul.
Mr. F.Khongwar, Elder Helpline, In-charge of South West Khasi Hills District spoke on the Maintenance Act 2007 and the Elder Helpline Number
The HNLC has donated the salaries of teachers in Block I and II, a library in a school in Laitkor, a typewriter in a school in Laitkor. school in Nongpoh, but the party has not announced publicly that there are still many programs that the party will do for the welfare of the people of Hynniewtrep.
The celebration of Children's Day is to remind everyone that children have the right to live freely and happily.
The increasing demand for electricity in the State has created problems for the State Government especially the Electricity Department as the State has not been able to build many power plants.
And Pharaoh did not let the children of Israel go.7 days after the river was covered with blood, the Lord said to Moses, 'Go back to Pharaoh. and the frogs came up throughout all the land of Egypt.
The school has been severely damaged in the fire, and the students have been given a leave of absence and have been taken to the information center of the school where the school will resume on the 17th of this month. .
However, I have expressed to the Minister of Railways, when I met him six months ago, about the details of this project and he has made it clear to me that the Central Government will implement this project after the State Government. “The people have agreed because this project has been brought for the benefit of the people,” said Conrad.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday introduced a budget of less than T.1,592 crore for the year 2023-24 in the Legislative Assembly, which is about 3.42 per cent of the Gross State. Domestic Product (GSDP), which he acknowledged and said is the People's Budget.
Remember the words of Khan Sir who said, 'If you are sad, don't lose hope, don't fall into depression, but remember that God doesn't give to those who don't have the strength to carry it. you cannot forget God in your life.
Many members of HITO have been taken to the police but no case has been registered against them.
On this occasion, the students carrying flags marched in a procession from the gate to the ground floor of the school and demanded that the Principal should resign immediately due to the inability to see. the needs and challenges of the school.
They said that these dewbilat companies don't come to visit Jaintia Hills and not only Jaintia Hills but they don't even know where Shillong is but they only want to buy the products from this state. , says the article.
Many times this sin is passed down from generation to generation.
“We will wait for the decision of the NHAI within a day and if it continues to take advantage of the people we will take strong decisions because vehicles have to pay at manla when they pass through the toll plaza,” said Paila.
The match was very fierce between the two teams and this has shocked the spectators.
The Government has also allocated Rs 6.5 crore for the construction of the University.
Afterwards, there was a 'Mih Ïaw' dance by the children of the Seinraij from Mynkoi Pyrdi through the Biar ka Blai. Chad Stadium, Jowai, on Friday.
When asked why he chose the UDP among many political parties in the state, he said, “I chose it because it is a national party. They also welcomed me, the other UDP has more understanding leaders who are more stable, but I want the party to accept my working methods and suggestions and if it “It will be one of the strongest parties, I understand that,” he said.
PBM Basaiawmoit For this meeting of the Dorbar Pyllun of the Seng Kur, three issues have been put forward for discussion and it is up to us all how to strengthen them and implement them properly in this regard. The era, perhaps, which did not take too much into account these golden and silver principles was the Khasi clan and the Khasi people.
The pilot left the plane at the right time when he realized that there was a problem in the flight of the plane and it was reported that he was missing.
Compared to other major cities in India and the world, Meghalaya has not yet become anything in terms of population and market size, and how much more so, Jowai is only a small point, but The Meghalaya government has not been able to solve even such a small issue.
Any policy is created with the intention that one day it will be amended according to the demands of the time.
He said that it is more difficult to cover the goddess Kali with a cloth, because she is a strong goddess and thus her mouth has been released. These days, they use the headscarves, after they saw that the heads of these gods were cut off.
During the programme, the students were informed about the prevention and treatment of Tuberculosis by holding a song, dance and drawing competition.
On the other hand, MDC Mawlai Constituency, Bah Teibor Pathaw, said, “The words of Tirot Singh in prison, it is better for me to die as a Syiem in prison than to die as a Syiem in prison. I am the King as a slave. These are the words that make you as an organization that we should not be enslaved anywhere.
There is a great opportunity for those who have leaders who are responsible for the development of their fellow citizens, to be fortunate to earn with dignity.
During the inspection, the three organizations found that many of the foreign shops in the area do not have proper documents and the inability of these foreigners to These three organizations have ordered the closure of many shops in Shahlang Market.
“Although the rainfall has benefited the crops, the heavy rainfall along with the cold weather has damaged the crops in many villages in some districts.
How can we improve now especially those who have been involved in electing this government? The people, in fact, should allow the MDA 2.0 government to work and deliver as it has promised since the day that she took up the scepter of the kingdom.
 In this regard, I have also informed the Dorbar Shnong Mawsynram about the problems faced by the people not only to use 2 or 3 Wah Shnongs for sanitation, but as I have witnessed. These days, it remains the same without any action through the Shnong because many politicians have turned the Public Administration into a Business Department and more and more. There is a shortage of water in the Wah Shnongs especially in relation to many of the villagers who still have to go to the nearby Wah Shnongs while the Wah Shnongs are still short of water until they disappear due to the implementation of many methods. through the MGNREGA (100 Days Public Invitation) scheme.
When did Christ's life on earth begin? John 1:14 tells us that “the Word (Jesus Christ) became flesh and made his dwelling among us.
Speaking to Rupang, Witting asked whether the HSPDP had asked for clarification from Fenela before taking the decision to leave the party. There are other things that we have to send for clarification and take a decision quickly, Kong Fenela has done a lot, we don't need any clarification,” said Bah Mawsor.
This book has seven chapters and this book as presented by Pro David Syiemlieh covers many aspects of human beings, human relationships and also in the rule of law as well. .
When I look at the office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong, I see that they have to spend time like government servants.
She said that the strike today was because the law enforcement agencies were not present and if it was only by the party, there could be a riot. “Even now our members “This is the third raid by the union after receiving many complaints from the union,” said Jyrwa. The residents said that the presence of these illegal liquor shops has caused discomfort and fear to women and children to walk in the market.
Northrop Grumman has been selected from among 14 companies to propose the project to go to the moon by rail. (DARPA) in November.
On my part, as the CEM and the District Council, we have written to the Chief Minister to provide funds to run the Council.
When asked why he chose KHNAM, he said that he chose KHNAM because he saw that KHNAM is not only a political party but a It is also a party that is actively involved in the issues of the people of the nation and has a strong goal for the people.
From Pynursla to Umtyngngar, vehicles, which travel to Pynursla, Dawki, enjoy the rain of the rain, which falls without stopping and also look at the clouds, which fall in the sky in the morning. Along the way, these vehicles are not less than 300 in number and they are only small vehicles, but I also found a bus, which landed with 10 passengers.
The body was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital for post mortem.
Speaking at the special meeting, the Waheh Shnong of Thangskai, Bah Phaibiang Syrti and the Secretary of Thangskai, Bah Treibor Suchen, expressed their gratitude and appreciation to the JSU Central Body and JSU Khliehriat Circle for their support. They are ready to assist the village in the process of removing the name of this foreigner who wants to study doctorate on behalf of the people of Meghalaya.
However, one of the biggest obstacles for the VPP and especially for these leading leaders on this occasion is that both Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit and Bah Ricky AJ Syngkon are the leaders who have been appointed to the party. guy.
“We have our own side but when we support our own person we support but this doesn't mean that we will fight against, we will work together for the good of the community,” he said. .
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Part of the funds received by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) from the Forest Department has been misused, said the EM in charge of the Forest Department, Grace. Mary Kharpuri in reply to a question by Manstudy Nongrem MDC of Congress from Langrin Constituency.
Babu Kular Khongjirem.
This was evident in Meghalaya during the struggle for independence in the 1960s until it became a full state in
“We will work together to strengthen the UDP in Mowkiaw,” said Winning.
On the other hand, some depositors who phoned this reporter said that SBI, Pynursla does not accept deposits of T.2 lakh.
The warnings were also sent through the Sachet App, and so far these warnings have been sent through Jio, Airtel, BSNL, Vodafone and other mobile companies.
Speaking on the occasion, Sambha Tyngkan said that close cooperation between students, teachers and parents is essential and urged parents not to to allow their children to drop out of school part-time or to deprive them of their right to education because education is a sword to break the darkness of humanity, the home and community.
AIS Suja “Let the LORD be magnified beyond the border of Israel” Malachi 1:5
It shall be called the KJP Central Synod.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Mayralborn said, “This meeting is only a discussion where we can express our views and suggestions regarding the Reservation Policy in the recruitment of jobs. jam in the state, which is the most serious issue in the state today.
The token distribution for vaccination against Coronavirus or Covid 19 started on Tuesday 16th of this month and continued on Friday 17th of this month. this month.
Therefore, the candidates these days are looking for only a few elders who have spent money for them with the understanding that when they come to power, they will have to pay back. through the lad ai work ai jam.
(7) And there was a great hail on all the fields, and flames of fire on all the land.
He said that many of these residents have hesitated to cook the rice but in the absence of the rice they have to cook but they have to spend a long time to choose before cooking.
A new church has now been built on a more spacious and square site and many parts have been completed, from the pillars, the roof, the doors and other parts.
Police and CRPs have been deployed from one state to another and this has been very difficult.
This was announced by MeECL Spokesperson PP Kar.
The incident happened at 11.45 pm last night.
Mawshun, Nailar 8: U Bah Prestone Tynsong MLA of Pynursla, today inaugurated the crematorium near Mawshun village, which is on the road to Dawki.
Not only that this plant is useful in trade, but through this training, it was also learned that many things can be made that benefit the people, from household items to musical instruments. to build of wood, but which we know not.
There shall be no racial discrimination among us.
After the arrest, the woman took the police to the house of a drug dealer identified as John Baglary, 33, resident of Nongshiliang Block II. Police have seized heroin from him.
Through this, the target is to provide training to at least 1.2 lakh youth.
Shillong: U Bah Generous Warlarpih, President of the Khasi Jaintia Butchers Welfare Association (KJBWA), on Tuesday said that although the butchers have faced many challenges, to get slaughtered cows and sell them in the market, but they don't want to ask for any help from the government or the Seng Bhalang, because when they inform about the problems they face from the smugglers The smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh has turned out to be as if they have been told that there is a huge amount of money from the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh.
The BJP and TMC have not yet announced their candidates and it is not clear whether they will contest.
Others who attended the meeting included the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, BS Sohliya, IAS, Superintendent of Police, WJH, MA C Syrti, MPS and others.
The donation also follows the UN's appeal to rich countries to come forward to help Sudan at such a time.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Lamkupar Snaitang said that since he used to help people who have drowned in the water, he has never received any recognition or award. Only the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) of South West Khasi Hills District has received the award. The ceremony of honoring the members and renewing the office bearers of the party in Mawkyrwat last month.
As it can be seen from this match it was very friendly in which the team of the State girls tried to play well from the start.
The Catholic Youth Association, Mihmyntdu in collaboration with the Presbyterian Youth Church, Mihmyntdu and the Ai Jingim Foundation on the 30th held a Blood Donation Camp at RC Eve Secondary School, Mihmyntdu.
The meeting was conducted by Dr.BS Phsngap.
She said that she would like to thank the Public Relations Council of India for taking the lead in awarding her this honour. Longkmie should not lose heart when doing any work and working with the people for the betterment has not failed when we have that spirit to serve the community, she added.
The Executive Members are Bah MM Thaiang, Lambok Thabah, Deimaa Siangshai, Deepak Singh Jyala, Anthony Nongbri, Ruhi Phawa and Starfing Pdahkasiej.
During the Platinum Jubilee celebration, there were many programs that the Parish had scheduled to complete.
On the other hand, MEMRIWU on Monday morning met with the Mission Director to demand that the soskular between GVK and the government should be terminated. On this occasion, the President of MEMRIWU, Kong Microlina Syiemlieh, said that the decision to proceed was due to the discussions with the head of the department, which were not successful.
Speaking to some of the booksellers in Iewduh, they said that the book market has declined for several years and many of the schools have sold their own copies of books in their schools to the students.
You have a football field, a synthetic track.
Some of the prominent candidates in the state include Ashok Gehlot (Congress) from Sardarpura, Vasundhara Raje Scindia (BJP) from Jhalrapatan, Sachin Pilot (Congress) from Tonk, Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore (BJP) from Jhotwara, Baba Balaknath Yogi (BJP) of Tijara, Vishvendra Singh (Congress) of Deeg-Kumher, CP Joshi (Congress) of Nathdwara, Rajendra Singh Rathore (BJP) of Taranagar and Hanuman Beniwal (RLP) of Khinwsar.
" O Kongthei, let's go.
James and his family members have tested positive for the virus yesterday and have been tested positive for the virus. RT PCR test has been conducted and the exact result is still awaited.
Naphiwani Pyrbot won the title of Miss Loompyrdi Iongpiah, Miss Bodkidaka Laloo and Dalamphika Passah came second and third respectively.
Six candidates are contesting including former NPP MLA Samlin Malngiang, UDP candidate Synshar Lyngdoh, Congress candidate S Osborne Kharjana and Sandondor Ryntathiang. Seraph Eric Kharbuki of the BJP and Stodingstar Thabah of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC).
When government ministers are criticized and when the prime minister has to resign and replace ministers, he does so in consultation with all the leaders of the coalition parties.
Two quarries in the Killing area were robbed on 22nd January 2023 and 11th May 2023, when a group of people About 7 or 8 persons dressed as soldiers, carrying Suloi kai, went to rob these quarries, in which they also stole T.85 thousand. T.1.90 lakh from the quarry at Umnowe Killing.
He said that although MCCL is trying to pay the remaining salaries of the employees, it cannot be paid in full due to lack of funds.
This is one of the problems that we have to look into and do something until all those who have job cards are linked to Aadhaar,” he added.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the Bye-Election for these three constituencies. election will be held within six months.
The scheme has also caused a handshake between the UDP and the NPP, in which some UDP leaders have alleged that the NPP has used the scheme as an election campaign to deceive the people. which requires Passbooks, EPICs for registration and sending money to their bank accounts.
He explained that the Kur has no knowledge of the village work of Saba and the Kur has not taken such a decision.
If the government does not entertain the laws it has made, then the courts can challenge the grant of legal redressal to the rights of teachers that they deserve. rights).
One of them, a Nepali and a Thai, was found injured and had to be taken to his bed. hospital, while another, who is still unable to walk.
The cars that you will ride up and down, alone, are right.
The Minister said that the main reason why the factory has turned into a failure to improve is the lack of knowledge and skills to operate the dry plant.
“Issues related to the old Khadar rule will be discussed at this FTD and it will be the foundation of the Khasi people,” he said.
According to information received by the union, the BSF officers, who met with Kong Monosha Warjri, misled her about the intention to take the land for the construction of a hospital and school, but This is not true, as the union has received information that the purpose of taking the land is to set up the Battalion Headquarters.
If we wait until August, lakhs of Dkhars from Assam and crores of Dkhars from Bangladesh have come here.
The state government has allocated 56 108 vehicles to the company and in Shillong there are only 4 vehicles to serve more than 100,000 residents, said Bah Charlie.
It is because of the pollution of drinking water that many people suffer from forty kinds of diseases.
Sandonbor Lyngkhoi, Checkmanpaul Lyngkhoi, Commander Lyngkhoi, Myrtle Gospel Band, and Damesamanbha Nongrum, bass player, were also awarded. the Cursed Arrow of Monbhut.
Thwilibon Barim, Secretary of the Longkmie Pyllun of Mawteng Village, said that the Seng Longkmie also strongly opposes the complaint lodged by the Rangbah Shnong Marwei, because the Rangbah Shnong has not given the residential to the family. it is your own decision, but it is the decision of the people in the village as a whole.
The school authorities said that while the teacher was teaching the children, suddenly the 12-year-old girl stood up and carried a knife. threatened to injure the teacher without any reason to anger the child.
The budget for the implementation of the project also includes the construction fee and the payment to the land owners.
The flags erected in Khliehriat near the Deputy Commissioner's office have not been removed yet. Members of these organizations said that the erection of flags is a sign of regret over the incident. Assam Police have shot dead two brothers and sisters in Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday morning.
Before the Citadel, The Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power was one of the most successful shows and until now no show has ever been produced at such a high price as .
These are the customs, not only of the Khasi, but of other ethnic groups, which distinguish one ethnic group from another.
Meanwhile, the experts sent by the Ministry can work on the safety of the dirt road until a proper survey is received for the completion of the four lane road,” he said. and Tynsong.
He said that the Gazette Notification of the Assam Government dated 19th June 1951 and the demand of the United Khasi Jaintia ADC regarding the land of Meghalaya as an organization were discussed. It does not want the government to make mistakes in the demarcation of the border as in the first phase when many parts of Meghalaya have been lost and the riots have arisen.
In addition, these Regional Committees have not submitted their reports to the public but only to the Prime Minister.
The KSU president said the governments of Meghalaya and Assam should resolve the border issue and acknowledged that the policy of acceptance can be done.
After the Lum Dorbar, the second part was to go to Mei Mawbuh to offer thanksgiving and the completion of the ritual of a female cow and a male cow. Here too, when he looks at the signs, all the signs are in order and he is confident that the rise of Pyneh Rngiew this year will be a success.
Because the government will take the consent of all before taking any decision especially regarding the accommodation of these people”.
Besides, the amateur league will also be a tournament for referees, through which the MFA invites those who do not have the skills to play, but who know and are skilled in the way to run the football on the field.
Shillong: Two unconfirmed coins belonging to Bah Marshall Marweiñ have been found a few hours later.
At the same time, he said that the government has relied on the electricity companies to look after all the needs.
He said that it means that the district council has learned that foreigners are already in their land. “Please come here to register your name, instead of going away, they go to register,” said Robert.
He said that since 2003 he has been a leader and he has found that the last five years have been the most difficult and bad year of all the governments.
There have been many great poets in the world and also in this state like the poet Soso Tham whose names and names the people cannot forget who have written many thought provoking poems. to the readers.
The UDA leaders recently met and decided that the new EC will set clear rules of procedure to ensure smooth operation.
The elders and women expressed their happiness in words over the visit of the members of KHADC. They said that there has never been a visit by anyone and they have been forgotten. the Government of the State.
With this victory, Meghalaya will prepare for their second match against Rajasthan on Tuesday.
If they want to talk, I'm here to talk to them in any way to know what they want and what they don't want and if they want to talk peacefully, they shouldn't resort to violence," he said. said.
Thousands of chickens have been slaughtered across the country due to the outbreak of pathogenic avian influenza, which has killed thousands of chickens. and other species of birds, in the past forty days around the world.
However, the state is not yet stable, and will still need to come forward to vaccinate. “People only know how to complain about the problems caused by the disease, but when they get their chance, way to protect the doubts," he said.
We believe that the youth are the strength of the country.
Therefore, we must preserve what we used to do, such as the customs and traditions that we used to do from time to time, whether in food, drink, clothing and many others. parts".
As we know “Electricity is a good servant, but it is a cruel master.
During the search and investigation, police recovered Herione from the vehicle, police also arrested three persons in the vehicle and seized three mobile phones.
The meeting was conducted by J. Umdor, EAC, Sohra Civil Sub-Division at 11.30 pm in the presence of Bah John F. Kharshiing, Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA), and Bah Finely. .
A Khasi SWAT officer, Donboklang Jana, was seriously injured in the shooting and was taken to Williamnagar and later shifted to Guwahati for treatment. be treated.
The drivers of two wheelers have continued to endanger the lives of the pedestrians because of their driving style by driving fast and driving straight from any side as they please.
Adiam U Bthuh, District Secretary MBS&G West Jaintia Hills, concluded the main part of the Bharat Scouts & Guides. Jowai.
Both the teams have qualified for the First Division where they will be able to participate from next year.
“If an earthquake occurs and this processing plant is affected, like in Fukushima and Chernobyl, all the people of the state will have to be evacuated and the question is WHERE WILL WE GO AT THAT TIME? In 1972, the Atomic Minerals Directorate (AMD) discovered the presence of uranium in the Domiasiat and Mawthabah areas. 1992 – 1996.
In the dress competition, the students showed their dresses with the message of bringing about change.
Father Pakem urged those families who have not received assistance not to be discouraged and the society in a small capacity has tried to provide assistance especially to those who have been severely affected.
Refine Oil -1 liter per 16 customers.
The closing date for submission of nominations will be on 13th October, the scrutiny of nominations will be on 16th October. The counting of votes will be held on the 26th October and the counting of votes will be held on the same day starting at 5:00 pm. .
However, after the government has lifted all the restrictions, the District Administration of West Khasi Hills on Tuesday held the celebration at New Nongstoiñ Square.
These include 2 in North Garo Hills, 2 in Ri Bhoi, 2 in West Garo Hills and 1 in West Khasi Hills.
Kenny Langbang scored the first goal for Moosyiem Shangpung (43 min).
Paul H. Shylla has been appointed as the Divisional Commandant, East Khasi Hills District until further notice.
Similarly, the number of MLAs in the constituencies can be increased to 70-8
Speeches were also delivered by the Village Secretary Wellson RD Siangshai and other elders of the village.
“Before signing a full social agreement with the NSCN (IM), there will be a meeting with the Chief Ministers of Manipur, Assam and Arunachal Pradesh,” the report said. Chief Minister of Nagaland and Minister of Home Affairs, Government of India.
The SP said that on the 20th of this month, police searched the truck and the inside of the fuel tank and found something hidden inside the chamber of the tank. the oil top.
WGH police have arrested 22 persons since last night including the TMC leader. In an interview with the media in Shillong, the DGP admitted that the reason for the arrest of Marak was for inciting and distributing money to the protesters to continue with the agitation.
Sna said that she has been able to study only up to Class-IX and she has only one farm of five acres and her crops are Shynrai Lakadon, tyrpad leaves, the sohmarit and others.
Researchers in the US say they may have found a way to control and even reverse some of the processes that cause aging, at least in flies.
There are also students who have said that they have passed well and prepared well all the questions according to their textbook or textbook and if they pass according to the questions from the textbook they will get 1st Division or Distinction in this subject.
The Meghalaya State Load Despatch Center (SLDC) on November 18, 2013 was awarded the 3rd LDC Excellence Award 2023 in the category of Emerging SLDCs at a function held at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Delhi. .
However, Shruti, who lost only 6 marks to reach the distinction, expressed her regret, because in fact she wanted to reach the goal, because she said that she is happy, excited and loves her. Khasi language.
The development and improvement of the four government colleges in Baghmara, Sohra and Williamnagar is expected to be completed by June
“First of all, our victory is against the money power in this election where the big rich people who contested lost and the candidates who contested from Prah were able to win," he said.
The State won its first medal in the Athletics event after Rinalis Ingti showed her skills at the 66th National School Games 2023 held in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh.
He said that the Labor Commissioner has promised to send and authorize any officer to sign the licenses and the necessary documents within a day.
SCA 'B', which won the toss, allowed SCA 'A' to tied first and scored 150 runs for the loss of three wickets in 20 overs.
The CSWO said that MeECL should explain to the public how to calculate the electricity bill, not just take pictures from the office because it is a fraud and waste of water for the people.
Once the suspension is lifted, they can contest on the Congress ticket in the 2023 MLA elections.
The statement said that Jaintia Hills is an industrial area and therefore the demand for electricity is very high and the need for the Khliehriat Grid Sub Station is very high. be very important.
He said that there were marks on the shadem and the body lying lyngktar near the road of Pyndengshahlang village.
Group-E, Hyderabad: Sreenidi Deccan FC (Telangana), Mumbai City FC (Maharashtra), Gandhinagar FC (Gujarat), Silvassa United FC (Daman and Diu), Jeppiaar Institute of Technology FC (Puducherry).
Last night, one of the sections of the recently completed road has collapsed and looking at the collapse, the road cannot be used at present.
Fiber is what is commonly associated with the ability to lose weight while being able to maintain fullness.
On the border between Meghalaya and Assam, it is very difficult to resolve as said by the Hon'ble Chief Minister.
Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District Giri Prasad said that these incidents happened at the quarry on 22.05.2023 and 11.07.2023 in Umduba and Umnowe villages. Killing.
They said that when they left Rome, they were tested negative by RTPCR, but when they landed in Amritsar, they were tested again.
Therefore, it would have been good if the Minister, or the MLA and others on the government side, would go to Delhi and take all their needs and most importantly, that When they leave, they should demand the basic needs of the State and for example the demand for the recognition of the Khasi language, the demand for the border with Assam, the demand for the market and Bangladesh, the demand for inner line permit, the demand for land that has been occupied by the army for hundreds of years and the demand for employment for local youth in various offices of the Government of India .
In 2023, it is more difficult to predict who will win from this constituency, and the reason is that only after Bah Mayral Born Syiem won as Congress MLA, u Dr. DD Lapang has left the NPP party and this time too it seems that even Bah Mayral Born Syiem is not sure whether he will contest from the party congress which he won last year. 2019 which was after the conflict within the Congress party.
At some point, Aikman has already sent a letter of resignation to the Pakistan Hockey Federation (PHF), where another Dutch manager, Roelant Oltmans, has arrived in Pakistan and The country's junior team will also travel to Muscat for the Asia Junior Cup.
Zinc does not protect against many viruses.
He said that the COVID-19 pandemic has been a golden opportunity for the NPP Government to corrupt hundreds of crores of rupees on the pretext of providing assistance to the poor and farmers but all those assistance have not reached. faithfulness to those who deserve it.
Priyanka Gandhi today asked.
In Mawryngkneng 13, the voters included 13,358 males and 15,329 females, or 28,687 or 78.06 percent.
“Of course we welcome any development works but this road is not for the development of Umdohlun-Mawthabah but for the mining of uranium,” said the leaders. JACSO said that there have been some groups and companies, who have mislead the public that this road was built not for the purpose of mining uranium and there is a need for a clear explanation on the purpose of the construction. There is a need to seek clarification from the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya on the purpose of the Double Lane Nongstoin-Pambriew-Wahkaji-Mawthabah.
The Mawlai Youth Wing and Women Wing took part in the General Convention held on 28th July 2017 at Mawlai Polytechnic Hall. Pyndapborthiaw Saibon was confirmed as the president of the party along with other leaders.
There are 2352 teachers teaching in 434 Adhoc (Secondary Schools). The salary paid to the teachers is only T.1800 tyngka but later it has been increased to T.10,000 per month. T.10,000 has been received so far.
Because of the war and the plague, the people lived in extreme poverty and despair, and it was at that time and in the year 1816 that Joseph Mohr, the high priest of Mariapfarr, founded the this song, Holy Night! Good Night! Joseph Mohr composed this song for the shipbuilders and villagers living in the midst of post-war and pandemic difficulties, and through this song he also gives them hope.
(Nehemiah 2:17–.
More than three leading newspapers, 50 magazines, periodicals and journals have been published in Garo language and have received or lacked support from political parties and the government for the demand. There has also been a discussion in the Parliament of the country to include the Garo language in the Khyrnit Baphra.
Jowai, Naitung 23: The Independence Day Cub Under-17 Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
We have started to improve the roads only in the areas under Meghalaya,” said Bah Dhar.
Hato that doesn't see the blind man or how?
Metbah said that although his term as MLA is coming to an end but when he looks at the needs of the people he cannot sit still. building of Mawkarah Christian Sec School and T.30,000 for the Mawkarah Sports & Cultural Club where it will continue to conduct various programs to develop the youth who are talented in sports and others. The requirements cannot be promised but he said he will follow up in the future.
The Minister said in the House that the use of Smart Meters is to get an accurate estimate of the use of light especially in the rural areas and this will help those who use electricity. electricity and also the time of MeECL from the loss.
Hospitals at that time were always for the rich.
You have to pay 4 kilowatt hours per unit if you pay 4 tyngka per unit (the meter reader is less than 1 month) and you have to pay 4 tyngka per unit.
Those who attended the event included Garo parents and GSU leaders. In his speech, Sunny R. Marak, President of GSU Ri Bhoi Regional Unit, expressed his opposition. At the same time, they demanded that the state government under the leadership of Conrad K. Sangma as the Chief Minister should take action to talk to them. The government of Haryana has ordered a thorough investigation into the death of these youths so that the truth and justice can be revealed.
Regular students who passed were 82.44%.
(The worth of a man is certain only if he is prepared to sacrifices his life for his convictions).
The Afghan Defense Ministry said seven people were killed, while eyewitnesses said the death toll had risen to
Many of the vendors have been sitting idle and said that as usual in the past days and months, the buyers of Piat and Phan have been in the tens of kilos, but Now even from Iewduh, people have to buy only half a kilo and even one pawa, which they buy from the village shops because they have urgent work or only a little and if this continues how can they? shop village that die.
We, we see it that way," he commented.
Shillong: Two persons have been arrested on suspicion of killing a child in Umtngar Ribhoi District, Ri Bhoi District. Banshngaiñ Tynsong, 28, of Umtangar, Shillong, has been arrested.
The share of the JHADC which it should have received has been wasted.
Until this evening, the DTO office has already distributed these passes to several Taxi and Auto Associations in Ri Bhoi. If you have any other taxi drivers who need to get these passes, please call
Speeches were delivered by Bah P.Shadap, Bah S.Phawa, Bah L Sungoh and Bah D.Lyngdoh MDC. To help you with these small donations to you as our fellow citizens living in the border areas who have faced many difficulties in their daily lives, we have taken this opportunity to celebrate with you.
Replying to a question, the Lamphang said that the Prime Minister and the Symbud Prime Ministers have expressed their satisfaction with the progress of the work.
In the reading of the Word of God, the Archbishop called upon all the faithful who are still on earth to pray for all those who have died as encouraged in the Word of God.
She said that from time to time she has had talks with the government authorities to give them land elsewhere but till now the government has not received land to give them land.
At the same time, the Minister said that the filling up of CUET forms is very important as all the colleges are affiliated to NEHU which is the central university.
The State Government, on the other hand, has thrown a big stick in which it will eliminate government jobs from now on as the number of government employees increases.
Finally, to provide special assistance to the women who support themselves by working day labor or farming because many of them do not have cards.
Banisha made it clear in front of them that she would always comply with the face-to-face meeting with the man.
This was announced by the lawyer of Bah Gabriel K Iangrai, Phuyosa Yobin who said that the Supreme Court on 9th July has issued an order on the bail of Bah Iangrai.
At the meeting today, the Cabinet also discussed the Central Government's decision to increase the interest rate from 3% to 4%. The state will be able to borrow about Rs 400 crore if it does.
Along with this, training and programs should also be available to teach in detail and explain how to work with electric vehicles.
Amidst the protests in Tura over her speech on the demand to make Tura the capital of Meghalaya in the rainy season and also to implement the Backlog Policy in recruitment, The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong M Ampareen Lyngdoh, has concluded her visit to Garo Hills.
Only ten years later, in 1829, the British began to occupy Borduar, Assam, which is located west of Guwahati and falls under the Nongkhlaw Hima.
Others present were Finelyness Bareh, MDC Rymbai-Khliehriat, District Sports Officer, Stephanie Rapsang, C Tlang, General Secretary, East Jaintia Hills District Sports Association and James Sutnga, Working President, East Jaintia Hills District Football. Association.
Salute!" he said.
Shillong: A man suspected to be a day laborer has been charged with raping a 16-year-old girl while she was on her way to school and threatening to follow her to school. .
TUR said that as the plaintiffs, they doubt that the CAA 2019 may be the result of a secret intention of Hindu religious groups who want to turn India into a Hindu country and forcing their relatives and others to introduce themselves to Hinduism.
In a statement issued by the Communications Cell, the Communications Cell expressed its strong opposition to the Central Government's plan to compel Hindi in schools in the state. the State Education Department is still waiting for the official announcement.
Shillong: Following the investigation into the IED blast in Them Ïewmawlong on the night of the 9th of this month, the Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Khasi Hills, Rituraj Ravi, said that Police have investigated many cases, and he warned against those involved in smuggling, extortion or money laundering in connection with the bomb blast, and added that the law will take strict action.
“The MLA Scheme is not the parent of the MLA, but of you the people,” said Bah Ardent.
Rajiv Dutta, Executive Engineer, MePDCL Nongstoin Division, while talking to reporters at his office, said that the office now needs a vehicle at the office in Riangdo. The workers have to immediately repair the trees in the forest areas, so that it does not affect the electricity consumers and also so that the livestock do not get affected by the electricity shortage.
Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs Shakliar Warjri was the chief guest, Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, office bearers and members of WJDSA and guests.
He said the Meghalaya government will also build a new market at Polo at a cost of Rs 80 crore against the new complex which will be opened in the future.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (MAWU) on Tuesday expressed its dissatisfaction with the reply of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh. regarding the demand for an increase in the salaries of ASHAs serving across the villages of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Sandon K Blah General Secretary of the HNYF Sengkmie, while talking to reporters, said that the purpose of the HNYF Sengkmie's visit to Langpih is to observe and listen to the problems of the people living in Langpih. The Seng can find ways and means to force the two governments to resolve the border issue due to the inability of the two governments to The fixing of the border has caused problems to the people.
Seeing that his friend had drowned, Lewis ran to rescue him.
Dignitary : the meaning of dignity is like a bright light in the presence of the chief; lyndan is like a long-haired snowflake.
There's no color in the marmot.
“The policy also states that if some of these ethnic groups fail to fill only half of 40%, their share will be extended for three years and if they fail to fill in the third year, their share will be extended to three years. The Roster applies to appointments even for those seats that have lapsed due to inability to fill and this is in conflict with the Reservation policy as we have already mentioned. mention," he added.
Care should be taken when issuing opinion polls to ensure that they are accurate and orderly by indicating who sent, conducted and paid for the issuance and distribution of these opinion polls.
He said that the farmers of Sohñiamtra have to clean their soh before selling it to the market because the soh has turned red due to the presence of Coke factories near the village.
According to him, the reason why he became a doctor was after he got sick until he died, so one day he had a dream that someone told him to explain. about those herbs to be healed of that disease that had afflicted him.
Regarding the demand for salary increase and the demand for the transfer of 12,451 SSA teachers to the Education Department, Bah Rymbai said that the Secretary to the Education Department has said that the Government has think about this claim.
It is understood that tomorrow the new EMs will take over their posts.
They called out for my son and ran to the side where we were.
The court said that in the decision, in 2022, the appointment has been suspended until the roster is prepared and after that, the court finds that it has been prepared. However, the rules for implementing the roster for up to 85 percent employment in the state have not been clearly indicated.
Jowai, July 21: Three Dorbar Shnongs, including Ladthadlaboh, Tympang Club (Iawmusiang) and Loom Sooiung Newhill, Jowai today met on the construction of a mosque within the boundary of the township. Tympang Club without the permission of the Village Authority.
The KSU has made it clear to the government that it will continue to oppose the construction of the railway line while the government has not been able to introduce strong laws to curb the illegal entry of foreigners. to this state.
West, a 43-year-old rapper, hosted the invitation-only event at the Exquis Event Center in North Charleston. group, called Politico.
Samlang Rympei of PFR was named Player of the Match.
“Mawphlang is a beautiful place and can become one of the world's tourist destinations,” he said.
Fr Majaw said they have met with the Commissioner and Secretary to seek clarification on the recent announcement by the state government directing to set up school managing committees under the RTE Act.
However, the manufacture of plastic rice will be much more expensive than natural rice.
Once it was delayed, it became blud and forgotten in front of the people.
Earlier, Jowai Legislator Wailadmiki Shylla admitted that he will not get more votes for the Lyngdoh than he got during the Assembly elections this year.
He alleged that this action of the Waheh Shnong has mislead the people and has also affected the mental harassment of the Training and the members as well as the leaders of the party and this can lead to the It is a tragic incident and is also against the law.
The UDP will use its symbol for the Shillong Constituency and the NPP will also use its symbol for the Lok Sabha elections in Tura.
The 15 players in the state team will be led by Kishan Lyngdoh as Captain.
Phelenstar Rani and RA Rangslang, President and General Secretary of the TASA, congratulated Wanrihun Kharnaior, who has been selected as a striker. The Meghalaya Women's Football Team has been invited to participate in the Sub Junior National Football Championship to be held in Punjab.
There was also discussion that the Central Government will introduce a single election, UCC and special allocation for women in the Assembly and Lok Sabha constituencies.
“He said that FASToM has already sent a reminder on the 12th of this month that if the Government does not listen, the FaSToM will not hesitate to hold another protest to convey its demands to the Government. .
At the same time, they are required to submit an Income Certificate issued by a recognized authority whose income should not exceed Rs 8.0 lakh per annum and the scholarship will be renewed for the following year. that they have submitted their renewal application through the National Scholarship Portal and must submit along with the Promotion Certificate issued by the Head of the institution.
The Government of India has launched a project to reintroduce cheetahs to India.
Many houses were destroyed in a distance of up to 100 kilometers, including Sonitpur, Nagaon and Guwahati.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: A 49-year-old woman has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 14th of June at 8:15 pm, six persons identified as Starlinti Blah, Bakyrmen Blah and Center Rose were arrested. Blah, Fatima Blah, Sona Tola Blah and Barida Blah, shot her and raped her by forcibly cutting off her hair.
However, the people, both men and women, strongly opposed the order of the police and magistrates not to block the vehicles until it ended in the victory of the people.
So far, four members of the KSU have been arrested in connection with the murder in Ichamati.
Early childhood care and new education With an emphasis on early childhood care and education, the 10+2 education system will be replaced by the 5+3+3+4 education system. suitable for ages 3–8, 8–11, 11–14, and 14–18.
In addition, the team has appointed Indian batsman Jemimah Rodrigues as the captain.
They include two persons from East Khasi Hills, one of whom is a civilian and the other a soldier.
They said that there has been no objection to the flag raising ceremony by the Association and not only yesterday but in the past there has never been any arrangement in the Association to request for written notice. Lama Iong, but it is surprising that yesterday there was such a stir.
Two candidates, Teinwel Dkhar from the UDA and Latiplang Kharkongor from the UDF, have filed their nomination papers for the post of Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council. tomorrow at the Council meeting.
Eight of them are still living in isolation at home.
These people will be from these villages and will act as Government officials who have spoken and done something about the problems and services to the villagers.
Such families have to be transported by a person and sometimes, there are villages which during the rainy season have water tanks where they have to walk for half an hour from home to fill the water tank. long is very difficult.
Rejecting the NPP's blind support for the BJP, the NPP President said that the implementation of the National Register of Citizens (NRC) in Assam to expel 40 lakh illegal immigrants, especially Muslims, has led to a decline in the number of illegal immigrants. The BJP has urged the Hindus to pass the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB)
Urging those youths who have returned from abroad, the MLA of Jirang, said that they should not be happy with themselves, because they are strong physically, but they should think about the feelings of their family members and especially eh to the people of the state as a whole.
An earthquake measuring 5.4 on the Richter scale struck Doda district of the Union of Myanmar on Tuesday. Territory.
There was a Legislator in the past few years, who came to deal with school work in the Office Inspector of Schools, Shillong, and smoked cigarettes and produced smoke in that room while he was smoking. talking to the staff of the Office.
“We will start explaining to the people the schemes of the central government allocated for the people in the market, and it will start from the 19th from Nartiang, West Jaintia Hills,” said Bah Shibun.
HYC War Jaintia Circle led by Vice President Jembis Khongiong and Publicity Officer of the HYC War Jaintia Circle visited Nongtalang Rural Bank.
It is learned that the Prime Minister was able to convince Kong Roshan by urging her during their meeting at the Minister's office on Monday for many hours.
Other speakers on the occasion included Fr Tobias K Kynta, Parish Priest of St. Paul's Parish Upper Shillong.
Before the Procession, a Mass of the Holy Eucharist was conducted by the Bishop of Jowai Diocese, Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar in the presence of Priests, Sisters and faithful.
“According to her, no decision will be complete if all political parties do not participate.
Anand Mahindra, Chairman of the Mahindra Group, wrote on Twitter, “This man has the talent to do well in athletics.
When the truck tried to flee, the forest police officer opened fire on the truck and released the vehicle. In the incident, the driver, follower and another person in the vehicle.
Meghalaya failed to tied the ball especially in the balls bowled by Amit Mishra who took three wickets for 10 runs.
He said that even if you belong to one religion, the religious practices differ from one Raij to another.
Speaking from the election campaign, Bah Ardent said that the VPP was formed with the vision of the next 50 years and not just for one day's gain. This campaign was conducted to explain how to shape the future.
Mewanaibok Kharbuli also won the gold medal in the Under 14 category while Rayian Nongrum won the Gold Medal in the Under 10 category.
The Meghalaya Youth Tourism Development Society (MYTDS) has announced that it will hold another Miss Meghalaya and Miss Teen Meghalaya 2023 pageant to be held at on November 9, 2023.
According to photographs released by the agency, a hand was seen covering the houses that collapsed in the landslide in the lowlands of Serasan Island, between Borneo and Malaysia.
The public is also invited to send selfies with the flag of India on the website www.harg-hartiranga.com.
The reply from the EM of KHADC has prompted this reporter to inquire about the political situation in KHADC and it has been learned that there are some MDCs in the PDF who do not like Bah Pynshngaiñ anymore, but They will remain in the party until the mid-term MDC elections and after knowing the victory, they may leave the PDF and form a group of indigenous parties. to lead the new EC.
The raid came after a complaint was lodged by an organization called the Khun Girl U Hynniewtrep Association.
That is why our nation does not grow like others because we are a nation cursed by heaven and earth.
Speaking after the Cabinet meeting, the Minister of State for Law, James PK Sangma, said that the government has recently passed the National Law University Ordinance and now it will be amended. and after being introduced in the House and approved, it will become the Act of the University.
Shillong, Naitung 3: Two commandos of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) were shot dead by insurgents in a clash at Bolsal A'ding village, near Resubelpara in North Garo Hills District on Friday morning.
This statement was sent by Samla Pyndapborlang Nongrum Publicity Secretary.
The Syiem Khynnah of Mylliem Hima said he cannot say anything on the decision as it depends on the understanding of the KHADC. “We have to obey,” he said.
Now that the VPP has launched a hunger strike programme, Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit MLA has launched a hunger strike programme. I don't think about the Government.
We have nothing against the police, but we are the leaders of the people and they were elected by the voice of the people,” he said.
Dr. Justice Aftab Hussain Saikia, Chairperson of MHRC, CP Gotmare, DC Ri Bhoi District, RP Singh, SP MHRC Secretary NA Khan, District & Session Judge, R Kharbihkhiew, BDO Umling C&RD Block, D. Phawa ADC Ri Bhoi and others including senior officials. Police, Lawyers, Teachers and students from schools in the Nongpoh area.
“In the state, 4 units have been lost and 2 units from NEEPCO have been lost, including one in Tripura and one in Kupli. the power is being cut off now".
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The shooting death of Bah Roning Nongkynrih, a driver of a cow truck from Jalynteng village, Raid Nongkynrih on the night of the 5th of this month by the Border Security Force (BSF) at Pohshna has caused a stir. strong condemnation from many quarters.
Samla Niangti said that many times there is a division of our Jaitbynriew by those who want their own interests by trying to distinguish between the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi and War.
Is this possible? To learn more about this, Rupang spoke to one of the most intelligent elders, Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit.
At Saraiya Bazaar, where they used to buy wood before burning the bodies along the Ganga, wood vendors said people were standing in a long line to wait for their dead bodies. It was reported that the requirement of 5 quintals of wood is 5 quintals to burn only one body.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 31: After the appearance of Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit of the VPP to lead the demand for the renewal of the employment quota in Meghalaya, other issues have continued to arise. through the media that it would be better to get our own state and that is the Khasi and Jaintia State.
Javed Sohtun won three medals in the NPC Junior Senior Open Men Category Power Lifting Competition held at Dimapur, Nagaland.
After meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the JAC said that he will order the department to immediately cancel the announcement and to keep these villages in Upper Shillong Distribution Sub Division to provide convenience to the electricity consumers of these villages.
Many are aware of the dangers and dangers of drug use.
He said the project includes the 22 km Tetelia-Byrnihat railway line and the 108 km Byrnihat-Shillong railway line.
Regarding the bridge, the residents who live near the site of the construction of the bridge, said that the copper used in the construction of the bridge, is copper that has been covered with copper. the construction of the bridge was not actually done by the army, but the army contracted it out to private individuals and it was built by civilians.
Along with the policies to employ the youth, it is also necessary for the government to create assistance opportunities for the youth through various government schemes, especially for those youth who do not need employment. it is an opportunity for them to stand on their own feet.
He was also a reporter of All India Radio, Shillong from the district.
Because BOR.Democracy = The people's rights, the people's rights.
Jowai Central MDC Andrew Shullai distributed the prizes to the winners at the closing ceremony at Syntu Ksiar.
“It is also fortunate that although the fire has destroyed six shops, there has been no incident or injury, except for the fire. The damage to these shops has been a loss to the shopkeepers,” said Bah P.Thangkhiew.
It is also at this time that children will understand how they can support themselves in the future.
Engineer.
Shillong: The President of India has appointed Bah Hamarsan Singh Thangkhiew to take over the post of Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court following the resignation of Ajay Kumar Mittal. He will now appear before the Madhya Pradesh High Court.
The former MLA of Nongthymmai reminded the people that they have already sent Prof GG Swell as MP five times and he has contested the elections from the national party and Prof Swell has done great things for the party. part of the nation.
Awesa G Momin, captain of Tura, scored 2/15 from five overs.
Samla Shadap in a statement said that on the 17th of this month at 8.44 pm he received a telephone call and a message from another phone number + 919720879665 and threatened to kill him.
The conference was organized by the Manipur People's Against Citizenship Bill (Amendment) Bill, 2016 (MANPAC) which brings together 84 political parties to oppose the CAB in Manipur from 1st to 3rd of this month. In June, which was attended by various political parties from the North East except Sikkim.
“While I was standing in line to vote in the Delhi election, five youths standing in front of me said that to cast my vote takes only seconds while the line has to stand for “It's a very difficult time,” he said.
This was announced by Union Defense Minister Amit Shah today when he attended and addressed a public meeting held in Dibrugarh on the 11th of this month.
Dapoiwanmi was arrested on charges of leading members of the MPUF to stop vehicles coming from Karbi Anglong District, Assam at 8th Mile (WJH) this morning. .
“We don't know what their hidden agendas are, but there may be some signs from foreign forces that threaten the welfare of the indigenous people of different States. different from the Eastern Hemisphere.
Shillong: U Meban Khraw Subon, 17, has been abducted by Bangladeshi robbers on the morning of the 11th of this month.
One thing that will be remembered, for generations to come, will be that the Chief Minister of the country, will be present at this inauguration of the Chief Minister of the whole state.
The All Meghalaya Domestic Workers Union (AMDWU) has decided to demand that the employers should At the same time, the Wages Card has been issued to inform the public about the new wage rate which will be implemented from 1st November,
In Ribhoi District, four persons have tested positive for covid-19 including two armfoces and two high risk contacts of the person who tested positive.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) at its Central Executive Committee meeting held on 10th June 2022 at Mawkhar Christian Hr Sec School, Shillong, Shillong, has unanimously approved the has decided to resume its strike on 25th June 2022 throughout Meghalaya from 11.00 am to 3.00 pm.
The court also allowed the state government to respond to the 19th interim report and that no action has been taken against the violations.
Speaking on the occasion, the NPP Mawhati leaders expressed their hope that the NPP has the highest hope of reaching the goal of victory. Many of the leaders in Mawhati constituency have joined the NPP and have decided to support Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh.
Speaking to reporters, the youths who helped to rescue the body this morning said that they rescued these people who drowned yesterday but they have not seen them anymore because of the I fell inside.
On Thursday, the third quarter final will be played between Mukhla FC and Ïalong FC at 2 pm.
According to the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act, 1971, Dkhars are prohibited from purchasing private land.
Shillong, June 29: The Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASToM) on Thursday urged the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government to immediately implement the demands of the union. and proposed before the Government.
Speaking on the announcement of the candidate, the Chairman of the RDA said, “We are still on the way to discuss other issues and the same issue will be discussed. discuss at the next meeting.
The problem has been going on since 200 years ago after the acceptance of Christianity in the Khasi families, and the customs and traditions because everyone still holds fast even after converting to Christianity.
Eliminate communalism and separate mindset in India.
According to the estimates, since July 1, 2013, only four states have received excessive rainfall while 21 states have received excessive rainfall and 10 states have received excessive rainfall.
I appeal to those who have been in contact with me, to get tested.
My name is Larisa.
Shillong, June 5: The Assam government on Tuesday released a census of the population of Assam, which includes 1.9 crore people, who have been identified as residents of Assam. These include the 3.29 crore residents of Assam.
According to a statement, AMPSTA said it has decided not to participate in the strike with JACATAM because many of the demands are not well known.
Through the power of democracy, we have brought peace to all sectors of society and ensured social and income development for all.
This statement of hers has made us laugh for a while.
But they are not light.
I have heard of your fame and greatness, but I will not believe unless I see the works.
Not only that, the sources said that the visit of these Assam officials to Langpih area was to set up a camp for the Forest Department and to find a water source. eat.
Before the distribution of the aid, the KSU held a short meeting at the Nongmynsong Dorbar Hall, Shillong in the presence of Rangbah Shnong Bah Phrang Warjri and former Secretary Shnong Bah Ananias Nongdhar. KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle President Sonstar Nongkhlaw and other members of the KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle were invited to the meeting.
“The arrival of the new EC in KHADC will be a joy for the residents of Block II, because we are members of the Regional Committee and we will have to take part in the meeting and we have a part in the meeting. “It's a big issue in terms of the settlement of the border,” said Bah Pyniaid.
Since we have submitted to the AO of JHADC regarding the delay in issuing Sanad, we have met with the EM incharge political and they have told us that there are higher authorities who are involved in your village work.
Syria is located in Guwahati and Kolkata.
The Meghalaya Lawn Bowling Association (MLBA) has inducted Khrawbok Tongper from East Khasi Hills District as the Technical Official of the 37th National Games. 2023 which was held in Goa from 29th March 2023 to 8th November 2023.
Not only that, the Youth Wing should make young men and women aware that child marriage has brought about its consequences and especially if there is not enough employment.
He also congratulated the government officials who have contributed and worked hard for the state.
Such diseases should be sent for treatment immediately and if not treated in time it can lead to tragic incidents.
The meeting was led by ABVP State Secretary Tengku M. Marak and was accompanied by Joint Secretary Bah Bomsing Khongtir and NEC Member Promila Tham.
“In coal, there may be some parts that people cannot follow, if they put a law in place that people cannot follow, it should not be too strict so that they do not death, people break the law for no reason.
“If the ILP is needed to protect the people here, I don't have anything on that... If the MRSSAB is accepted, there is no need for the ILP anymore,” he said. Earlier, he said that the former Governor in his opinion that without the support of the Central Government, the Governor alone cannot do anything.
That is why it is said that man is not immortal.
The truck was carrying other soldiers and supplies, which were heading to the border, when the truck left Baghmara town to go to the outpost of Maheskola. The incident occurred near South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday.
The team of inquiry was appointed by the Governor of Assam in November last year to investigate the incident at Mukroh at Zirikindeng Police Station in West Karbi Anglong District. in the state of Assam.
Speaking to reporters after leaving the room of the Dy SP City, the Information Officer of the Sardar Police, Bah BG Lapang, a member of the group, said that the voice of the police The SKBUH will not stop, but will continue to fight for the rights of the family of Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew.
The Sub Center is under the jurisdiction of Smit PHC and was built with the donation of Si-ioda Kharmudai's land for the benefit of the people.
In a small State like Meghalaya, Government jobs are very scarce, and when applications are called for, there are very few vacancies.
Inside his room there were the wealthy and former CEM Madonbai Ryngbai and as soon as they entered there was a heated argument and after the discussion the CEM promised to take care of their demand.
All the winners will be awarded cash prizes and prizes will be distributed to all those who come to take part.
Jowai: U Rahul Gandhi, President of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) will campaign in Jowai on the 30th of this month.
(L) Lita Ryngkhlem, a missing woman, left her home to get medicine from Mookhep Village on November 25 last year, but did not return home. and they made a search for him.
To have a special section to explain that on the first day of the first month of November and January shall be the day of the Dorbar Hima Mylliem together with the Khun u Hajar to approve the proposal of the Budget. Hima Mylliem from the Legislative Assembly of the Hima Mylliem.
I am ready to take any part and I never hesitate because I accept them as they are and happen”.
Jowai, Nailar 18:Ka DS Namdong together with the VDP of Thadmynri village have arrested illegal drug dealers from Thadmynri village who came to sell and sell illegally kiad pyrsi within the boundary of the village. From 1996 to 2015, the village has banned these people from time to time and at the time of their arrest they stopped and after a while they started again.
Nongpoh: Members of the KSU Umling Circle, this morning at 9 to 10 pm, have arrested a man from Nalbari, Assam, who came to Umling without passing through the screening. The center is located on 13Mer.
Therefore, an officer from Assam has urged the WKHD police chiefs to allow them to visit their temporary residence but the WKHD police chiefs have not been allowed. During the discussion, one of the officers from Assam showed the map of 1964 and admitted that the land in Umwali belongs to Assam but on the part of Bah I. Kharkongor SDPO said that Langpih area is the border dispute area and he could not say whether it is Assam or Meghalaya.
The enmity of mankind against the environment is a selfish act because if the environment is angry, it will bring disaster to mankind.
According to a statement sent by Ellen Syiemlieh, Education Secretary, KSU Nongstoin Circle.
On the other hand, the HNYF has warned the Khasi Hills Archery Sports Institute not to make unfounded allegations and that the HNYF will not stand idly by but will continue the campaign.
They also hope that at the next meeting they will get an answer to the question.
The protest by the drivers of commercial vehicles in the city came after an order was issued ordering all commercial vehicles ranging from SPTS buses, maxi cabs and other vehicles passing from Kashari Point to parts of the Church.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Titos said that the achievement of this goal is not only the desire of the school management but he as an MLA has had such a desire.
It is also surprising, because in this fall of Maw, you didn't see any tragic incident or injury, but it shocked only the people who were in that place, because they didn't see anything. Who threw these stones and especially the Phan, which is the phan from the same house, but it fell from the roof of the house, by distributing through the tin in the form of throwing people, but they tin sopiing in this house is not available.
The fire destroyed all the property, although there was no casualty.
Propaganda: propaganda - means to propagate only to make someone famous.
On the other hand, the NFR chief said that passengers or passengers without tickets who refuse to pay the fine will be punished according to the provisions of the Railways Act,
Some Congress MLAs who are government ministers and MLAs have expressed their desire to join the BJP but as the preparations are ongoing, they have not yet come out. According to sources, there are MLAs from Jaintia Hills, East Khasi Hills, East Khasi Hills and even Ri-Bhoi who have decided to join the BJP. Talks with the BJP leaders in Delhi are ongoing.
Pynïaid said that Laban constituency has only 12,13,000 voters while Mawlai has 55,000 voters. At the time of implementation of the schemes, they were implemented equally regardless of the size of the constituency.
It is true that the roads are quickly destroyed due to the negligence and lack of attention of the builders.
“Everyone says I have done well and they have no way to criticize but it is up to you the residents of Mawkynrew and the supporters to give the decision on the 27th,” he said.
The father of the child was identified as Ribok Kyngdoh Lyngkhoi, resident of Spengthawlangmlah, New Nongstoin. Under the leadership of Kong AK Syntiew, they immediately visited the child and found out the truth and saw the signs of injury to the child.
Nongstoiñ, March 24: The Central Government has recognized Langdongdai Village in West Khasi Hills as a Mawshynrut C&RD Block. An aspirational village doesn't have a good road.
This river used to be clean and clean and rich in fish, domains, dohjei, khasaw, dohthli, shersyngkai and many kinds of dohum, but now many species have disappeared. Bleaching powder, dynamite bombs and many others besides the release of toxic waste from the factory in Rwiang.
However, the surprising thing is that those who arrived there were both from home and abroad.
Kharjarin said he requests the Governor to sign the MRSSA as the Prime Minister and all the Ministers have given their approval. “We demand that the Governor of the State should immediately sign the MRRSA Ordinance as this is a law to protect the people.
He said that in these areas we have many natural resources from vegetables, land for cultivation and clean rivers and many rich fish, but sadly “When you fish from the rivers in the area, you get a Maruti, you get a fish from Andhra Pradesh. children of this generation to become people who start thinking again by starting to implement their own actions and not just wait for the provision of others.
“We will contest the election and we don't need the support of other political parties.
Furthermore, those who have been coming and going from the affected villages in the past 14 days will have to undergo medical screening and self quarantine.
Thousands of people are killed every month, especially in Assam and Tripura.
The All Jaintia PWD Workers Association also congratulated George B Lyngdoh MLA Umroi, PT Sawkmie MLA Mawlai who supported the motion of Bah Shangpliang on the issue of PWD workers. who promised to take care of the workcharge and pay salaries according to the Fifth Pay Commission.
This change of color indicates that there may be some kinds of plants growing on Planet Mars, and the water that flows around its surface, from the water of that ior or thah, gives life to those plants.
The JSM has organized this rally as part of the commemoration of the 160th death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah, the Khlawait of Ri-Lum Jaintia who gave his life from the tyranny of the government. English.
The HNPF in a meeting with Ma W Dkhar Assistant Executive Engineer, has sent a letter to complain against the increase in electricity bill which has caused problems to the people who burn and use electricity in the area who are mostly farmers and contractors. days when they find it difficult to pay for electricity.
The injured were taken to nearby hospitals and it was reported that not many of them were seriously injured and were treated for treatment.
The KSU, one of the most prominent political parties in the state, has vowed from time to time to take responsibility for the protection of the Mynder who have entered the land of Hynniewtrep. The KSU has been silent with the government.
The celebration will be held from 18th to 20th November 2016 at Nongsawlia, Sohra.
Tynnai Village, which is about 15 km from Mawkyrwat Village in South West Khasi Hills District, is a famous village which produces many kinds of handicrafts. They have preserved to this day the skills and traditions that their ancestors taught them.
“This meeting is very important for this region to join hands and work together on our efforts to reach a higher goal and bring about change and also to bring together departments like PHE, Soil. & Water Conservation, Forest, Agriculture, Fisheries, Mining and Tourism in the same list,” he said.
The letter was signed by the President of KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit, Samla Streamy.
At this meeting, most of those who came to listen were mothers and only a few men.
Hundreds of people from other Raijs from Jowai and Tuber witnessed the ceremony.
“We have not received any letter inviting or canceling the meeting,” said Bah Raswai, adding that this shows that the government does not want to invite the HSPDP to the meeting.
The main role in the market is involved in barter exchange.
Eating motors is the best way to introduce fiber that can improve on gut health.
They have sent a letter sent by the KJPA through Rev. Dr. JF Jyrwa (Administrative Secretary) on 29th October, 2011, informing them that the KJPA has decided to increase the charge. The allowance of the Medical Superintendent (MS) has been increased from T.14,000 to T.22,000, while that of the Administrative Officer has been increased from T.20,000 since October
He said he was very grateful for this.
He said that during his tenure in the Arts and Culture Department, there was a proceeding and records that had already been approved to erect the statue of Tirot Sing Syiem. it is not known why they built it in the middle of the night.
Revelation 20:4
The evacuation of the people from these areas has started since Tuesday and the government authorities are conducting a thorough inspection around the area to ensure that the evacuation of the people from these areas is carried out. shelter for the homeless.
There are also Khasi Pnar people who have land in Garo Hills.
In the interview, Salman answered many questions read by Arbaaz, which were criticized against Salman; However, the question, which was very harsh, came from one of the critics, who admitted that Salman, has a wife in Dubai and his daughter, who is now 17 years old.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday said that 100% of the results of the Rapid Antigen Test are not accurate.
PC Lal Ria Tuia scored for Mizoram in the 3rd and 47th minutes, Lalrem Puta in the 8th minute and K Rohlua Puia in the 63rd minute. Manyem Konyak in the 41st minute.
The Seiñ Raij Tuber has erected a memorial to him at Tuber Kmai Shnong.
There are sources close to the Sengbhalang, who say that there will be no night curfew, but it will start on Friday, as the 18th will also be a Soso Tham holiday. There may be no protest program before the Church, the report said.
Senibi Syngkli from Lumdieng Village, Umden, Ri Bhoi District has been selected to take part in the tournament.
The length of this dewbilat road is about 100 meters.
MeECL said that there is a shortage of electricity at one OTPC in Agartala, the shortage of electricity at NEEPCO and the shortage of water at the power distribution stations, MePGCL. Therefore, there will be a shortage of 2.1 million units of electricity for the 7th June 2021 and so far, about 0.8 MU has been supplied from outside the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The RBYDSO has vowed to take up arms to protect the people if the Assam government dams the Umiam River, said Bah Samuel Shadap.
They also submitted a petition to the SDO of MeECL Nongpoh Division and also to the Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to immediately provide electricity and to take action to talk to the government to provide electricity. 132/33KV Substation in Nongpoh to ensure that the electricity supply will remain in Nongpoh.
Nongpoh, July 24: To learn more about the refugee camps of Manipur residents in Pilangkata and Maikhuli villages in Ri Bhoi district, who have temporarily stayed with their relatives due to the conflict in Manipur , HNYM President, Bah Louis Dohtdong together with other leaders today met with the village leaders of Pilangkata and Maikhuli together with the leaders of these people from Manipir. They have come to investigate whether they have taken legal action to avoid any disturbance which will affect the peace and order of the people in these border villages of Meghalaya.
He said the demand of the Tibetans is in accordance with the Chinese Constitution where Article 4 of the Constitution provides for the Minorities Act
Other sources said that three cases have been confirmed from Amlarem area, two cases from Amlarem village and one case from Amsarim.
Lum Laitkor has a lot of water, but it shouldn't be taken outside.
They should work by involving youth in activities.
The song was composed by Amos Suting and camera and edited by Amos Suting.
He said that the Council should recognize the Khasi medicine practitioners in a proper manner.
“If it is a government property, it is not pleasant,” he said.
Stephan Mukhim MLA/MDC may resign tomorrow from the post of MDC, according to the media. JHADC and said that Bah Sanbor Shullai may also resign next month.
Earlier, Prestone said that he himself had tried to talk to Dangngo but he could not because his mobile was turned off.
Shillong:After the incident of a motorcycle collision with a woman on Mawlai Mawdatbaki highway, a speed breaker has appeared on the 20th November suddenly in this place.
In the Body Building above 70 kg category, Wanraplang Thubru came first, Alfein Harris Nongrum – Golds Gym, 3rd Manuel Hamar – Assam Regiment Center, 4th Banpyskhem Kurbah – BT27 Gym, 5th Bishal Kuri – Chandans Gymnasium.
In a statement signed by these MLAs, they strongly condemned the incident which resulted in the injury of the security guards who were thrown stones at the shlem of the Prime Minister during the meeting. the conversation is ongoing.
He also expressed the support of the Board by requesting the 13 cement plants in East Jaintia Hills to use Refuse-Derived Fuel (RDF) produced through waste. can be reused or recycled.
The city of Narayanganj, a strong industrial hub, has recorded 107 cases since the outbreak on October 8, 2020, when a doctor was infected in the city.
The meeting was conducted by H War, President of Mynso.
In a statement sent by the Senior Executive Secretary of the KJP Synod Sepngi, Rev. ER Kharkrang, the Synod said that the reason why the Synod is against this bill is because it will affect the use of customs and traditions. and the traditional customs which as a nation have been followed and used for decades and centuries.
Regarding the Roster, it should also be discussed in the Legislative Assembly.
Dukini will be 31 years old on 18th June
Shillong Lajong will play against Ozone Football Academy at 19 minutes 2:30PM. Longkumar , Kenstar Kharshong , A .
He said that this tragic incident has affected the people as it happened in the market area which is a commercial area, which is narrow and makes it difficult for even the fire trucks to enter.
" So they were named Solomon and Stephen, others followed suit, as a sign that they had left the old ways.
But remember not to come in April,” said the father.
More than 7200 cows have been infected and 4588 cows have been treated and recovered.
Regarding the allocation of the market in the year 2015-2016, the Hima has allocated T.73,20,000/- tyngka to the owners.
As soon as the songs of the film were released on YouTube, some film fans disliked the songs of the film and reportedly reached 11 million views in just one month. , who rejected the songs of Sadak
The Civil Sub-Division Mawshynrut has been in existence for more than 6 years but many of the shortcomings have been addressed in the meeting with the DC. There is no Permanent Office of the Civil Sub-Division Mawshynrut.
If the government does not listen to their request, it will have to take action against any incident inside the hostel.
The tournament will be held in Block and the winners of the Block Level will qualify for the District Level and the winners of the District Level will qualify for the State Level.
“This allegation by Saket Gaokhale is baseless and completely wrong and it is clear that the AITC wants to mislead the people as the elections are approaching,” said Prestone.
Another NOC is from the Mawdoh Dorbar Shnong dated Mawdoh The 30.12.2021, which has no complaint against the intention of Bah Makdonal to send a Register for the mining of minerals from the area. The NOC was signed and sealed by the Sordar of Mawdoh Rambrai.
She said India has 15.1% women MPs in the Lok Sabha and only 13.8% in the Rajya Sabha.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 23: The General Meeting of the Mawshynrut Block Congress Committee (CDC) West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday discussed the activities of the party and especially in relation to the 2018 election. The meeting unanimously decided to send the name of Robert Edwington Dkhar as the candidate for the election.
Thus Jesus foretold to the Samaritan woman, “Woman, believe me, the hour is coming when you will neither in this mountain nor in Jerusalem worship the Father. .
We will vote for those who cannot vote on the day of voting for 500 or 1000 tyngka.
Shillong: The pollution of the Umkhrah River has increased in the past few days with the spread of plastic, water bottles, bottles, clothes, shop items and other items. The garbage has stopped even the water, which flows because of the excessive amount of garbage.
On the other hand, the family members of Hammut-I expressed their gratitude to all those involved in the search for Hammut-I as well as the Police Department.
The newspapers should not misinterpret or misinterpret the statements of the leaders.
The leaders of various units should not rely solely on one or two leaders but should have people in charge of each unit so that development works do not reach only the families of the office bearers. units.
The FKJGP conducted a surprise raid on foreign shops on Keating Road on Tuesday morning and found that many shops have opened and operated without Trading License and Labor Licence.
“It is surprising that the MDC of Bataw Lakadong Dr Sankey Shangpung has no information about the NOC issued by the JHADC to the factory known as M/s Unique Industry Coke Factory,” said the president of SBYWA. S Shadap.
In this regard, the Seng takes this opportunity to encourage and invite all the residents to attend the lympung on these two days, where there will be no entrance fee, but the It is to be able to see and witness what is behind this programme, to witness how much the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum people have a rich culture to showcase to the world. .
Shillong: The University of Meghalaya (USTM) has requested to expedite the provision of financial assistance to 40 doctoral students at the PA Sangma International Medical College and Hospital.
According to the records of the Ministry of Home Affairs, from 2013 to 2015, there is a significant difference in which crime has increased manifold every year.
He hoped that the government, the district administration and the district council would find ways to solve this problem by finding a garbage dump elsewhere to solve the problem immediately.
He first entered politics by being elected as an MLA in 1972 and continued to win until 1993, before he chose not to contest the elections in the following years.
However, this increase is low compared to the national GDP, which was 19.51 percent.
At the same time, he said that for the students, the Mission has provided hostels for men and women, dining rooms and others.
He didn't come here and smuggled to Bangladesh and he didn't register with his own company.
Lumparing scored four goals in the 54th, 57th, 61st and 66th minutes.
Besides the team award, Freddy Fender Warjri of Manai won the best goalkeeper award, Balajied Warjri of Manai won the best goalkeeper award and Balajied Warjri of Manai won the best goalkeeper award. Shimbor Warjri of Urur Rangshken won the top scorer award with four goals.
He also expressed his appreciation for the steps taken by the government to support and develop the talents of the youth of the state especially in the field of music, song and dance as well as in the production of they dress traditionally so that they can gain recognition within the country and abroad alike.
Although the weather is dark and cloudy, applying sunscreen is essential.
Raju said that this is the reason why the department has set up the check posts which will be operational now only as a temporary attempt which will be reviewed to improve their operation.
Sangma said there are many diseases caused by pork, so it is important that people know that pork is clean and safe to eat before they eat it.
She urged the people of the state to renew their commitment to work together for the development of Meghalaya.
Earlier, on 18th November, Bit A Sangma was arrested, while Taklu and Kari Ao escaped from the police. of Garo Hills in Dimapur.
Shillong, Nailar 8 : The education department of the state has decided to seek reports from all private schools in the state on the receipt of bicycles.
The meeting was attended by the Director General of Police, Dr LR Bishnoi, Director of NEPA Anurag Agarwal, police chiefs and government officials and others.
The minimum temperature in Shillong was 14.8 degrees Celsius while the minimum temperature was 4.0 degrees Celsius. The maximum temperature was 15.8 degrees Celsius in Sohra, the lowest temperature was 6.9 degrees Celsius, in Umiam it was 18.6 degrees Celsius and the lowest was 7.4 degrees Celsius.
He said that he will also speak on this issue to ensure that before registering anyone, they should get the approval of the Dorbar Shnong and not just by showing a certificate.
The meeting was held on the 16th of July, 2019 at Ichamati Village, which was organized by the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board, Shillong.
The meeting approved the restaurant and sent the resolution to the Prime Minister of India, Nadrendra Modi.
The letter was sent to the Secretary, PWD Department, Meghalaya Government. It said that the state government has requested the fund from the Central Government in 2021 to improve the road. The cost of the road is T.50 crore and the Central Government has agreed to provide T.43.70 crore.
Why, when this custom has been passed down from time immemorial by our ancestors, why do we still want to change it?
Those who know and have been to Scotland, can explain to me, I didn't have the opportunity to go to that country.
The news reached the ears of Bhalang.
Therefore, from now on, the heat of the sun, morning and evening, along with the humidity of the sky will decrease.
Ahead of the World Cup final against France, Messi confirmed that this year's World Cup final will be his last match in charge of Argentina. He said that even if he wins the trophy this year, he will not be able to change his mind.
Former Sohra MLA Dr. PW Khongjee has recently joined the BJP with the intention of contesting the 2018 MLA elections. She did not appear at all in the election and said that the reason was because she never attended the meetings of the BJP Sohra Mandal.
The court said that the state government and the district council have agreed that until the rules are drafted after consultation with intellectuals, experts, environmentalists, leaders, scientists the decision previously passed by the court shall continue to apply.
The EM also alleged that Sanbor's actions show that foreigners have the opportunity to hide from the leaders.
On one occasion, an elder informed me to come quickly to that church, he said that someone wanted to change his mind, I went happily I waited and they both came, my husband bad the lock.
We don't know how far the I.N.D.I.A can unite until it can form a new government.
It is the hard work of the BJP that Indians will be able to see after 600 years of struggle to build the temple with joy.
At the ceremony, Bah Titos also praised the school for its achievements in the field of education and said that many children from far away places like Laitryngew, Sohrarim and Khatarshnong come to attend the school. come to read this school.
In the first innings, DC Tura managed to score 128 runs for the loss of eight wickets in 20 overs.
On this occasion, the Chief Guest Bah AL Hek inaugurated the memorial stone and the souvenir book of the 50th anniversary of the village.
He said the government has handed over to a Japanese company to build the Shillong-Dawki road including the Dawki Bridge.
The prisoner was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital for treatment.
Pynshngain said the reason why the opposition is against the amendment is because the EC has not consulted with the Hima, but has used force.
On the other hand, Prestone said that the state has not yet been safe from the Covid-19 pandemic, so the government has requested the village headmen to explain to the villagers that they you have to respect and follow the direction of the health department.
The program was inaugurated by the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal, IAS as the chief guest. We live in a society, we have our own role to play in bringing about change by starting from scratch” he encouraged the students to know what is bad and what is good, They should also take good care of their health and also to be successful in the struggle to overcome evil.
Nongpoh: The EMs of KHADC, Hima Mylliem and Raid Marwet, on Tuesday visited Iongkhuli and those who were able to hold a short meeting at Iongkhuli, understood clearly that the reason for the The incident occurred between Meghalaya and Assam due to the lack of transparency in the payment of electricity bills by some of the residents of the village.
At the same time, the union urges the state government to make public the names of the people who have positive cases in War Jaintia so that anyone in the area can know what they are doing. Those who have been in contact with those who have tested positive should know how to protect themselves.
Shillong: A group of NPP MDCs in the Garo District Council, have left the House, ahead of the power struggle in the House, after losing the election to elect U.N. Deputy Chairman of the Council.
The vehicle (AS-01 CC 5933) was damaged in the accident and the driver's side of the vehicle was damaged but the driver was not injured.
Not only this time, these NPP leaders have insulted and despised the only MLA of KHNAM, but during the Harijan issue, the MDA government was constituted. The High Level Committee (HLC) led by the NPP leaders and when the members of the committee were elected, many suggested that the local MLA from Mawlonghat should be included. as one of the members of the committee.
However, before the end of the game, Brolington had another try which Kerichard managed to score from another free-kick, but it was then that Arkibor scored. Mawlai scored the first goal of the match from a free kick.
However, the money they stole, they spent,” the SP (City) told reporters on Friday.
I would like to thank the Waheh Shnongs of Pdeinwahkhynriam and the Secretary Shnong who were willing to help in the distribution of this foodgrains and to observe social distancing during the distribution.
Speaking on the occasion, Wailadmiki Shylla, District President NPP, said that the NPP has now turned 10 years old and has 21 MLAs, one in the Lok Shaba and one in the Lok Sabha. There are seven candidates in the Rajha Sabha, while in other states like Manipur, there are seven candidates and one candidate from Arunachal Pradesh.
Furthermore, because they come at the time of sleep, the villagers should also respect it by walking slowly without disturbing anyone because the sun when it rises, it rises slowly and it comforts our souls. .
The opening ceremony was attended by CD Lyngwa, Director of Social Welfare, J. Synnah, DSP West Jaintia Hills District, CW Lyngdoh, DSP West Jaintia Hills District, Dr. AN Paswett Psychiatrist, Dr. HH Mohrmen SURE and others.
However, he/she must first resign from the post of Pastor/Phadarso that there will be no cleansing.
Noting that 6th October 2024 is the 1st Anniversary of the MDA 2.0 Government and the 7th Anniversary of the MDA Government, the 1st and 2nd Anniversary of the MDA Government, the Minister said that the Government has laid the foundation stone. development and implementation of programs to improve the State.
The Dorbar Shnong Diengshynrum has decided to allow only 15 small vehicles to come to the polling station to conduct the election campaign of the candidate contesting the election to the State Legislative Assembly.
The Ministry of Coal has approved the licenses of Shainingstar Khardewsaw, Marbiangbor Nongsiej, Erantis Sympli and Sajay Laloo in West Khasi Hills and Teilang Pde in South West Khasi Hills. now, coal mining, with the latest scientific technology, will soon begin.
A group of motorcycle riders under the banner of Ri Khasi Rider, today donated to 47 poor families in Lumsohphoh village, a village which is backward in many aspects and has near the NH-6 through Mawlein Mawkhan village in Ri Bhoi.
Bah Sun expressed his happiness to see in Rupang that the people have supported him from the bottom of their hearts and said that the greetings sent by the people through Rupang have encouraged him. he and he felt as if he had more strength.
He is no longer only the PM of India but has been regarded as the second world leader, except for US President Donald Trump, who has been appointed according to his vision.
In Mawsynram, the contest will be between CEM Pynshngainlang Syiem of the Congress and Suly Lyngdoh of the NPP. In Mawphlang-Diengiei, the contest will be between UDP Braston Kharphuli and Congress.
"Only hard work has helped you now, you are leading the state, the time will come when you will lead India," said Sawkmie while encouraging all the players of MCA. Mawkyrwat, March : The Veteran Football Committee of Mawten Sports Club will hold another football tournament for the over 40 years old on the 23rd March, 2023 at Mawpyllun Stadium. Mawten is located just 1 km from Mawkyrwat and 75 km from Shillong.
Shillong: The President of the Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar, Bah Najim Kharmalki, who is also the Rangbah Shnong of Patharkhmah, has expressed his surprise even after the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has announced to suspend the opening of the Patharkhmah Civil Sub. The government has announced that the Civil Sub Division will be opened on the 24th of this month.
Regarding the residential schools, the union has learned that the relevant department is struggling to get funds to improve and rebuild them and this can be allocated from the central fund of the central government.
The management and supervisors of the slasha production company have lodged a complaint.
Sambha Shylla was suffering from meningitis and passed away on 10th November 2020 at 4:30 pm due to respiratory failure and Covid pneumonia.
“There are those who say how to stay in the HSPDP because there are no leaders anymore, but it is useless to have leaders if there is no spirit of service to serve others,” said Bah Samlin. MLA from Sohiong.
The mission will also distribute food items to 1500 villages which do not fall under the jurisdiction of the Integrated Childhood Development Scheme (ICDS) of the central government.
“We have received financial assistance from the State Government only to hold the Meghalaya State League (MSL) this year, but for the Youth League, we have not received any assistance yet.
There are people who work at night, those who work in hospitals, those who need urgently and others,” said Paul.
In Shella, the NPP supported the UDP candidate, in Ranikor the UDP won the NPP candidate, in Mawphlang the NPP won the NPP candidate while in Mawryngkneng the UDP did not contest and the NPP won as well. King.
This Application will also be an important tool for the Program Officers in any field and to enable them to know whether the ASHAs have received the payments so that there will be no delay in the payment of the payments. money.
Basically….
If you don't have enough money, you have to say that you don't have a ticket because you haven't reached the goal.
What kind of house will you build me? (Isaiah 66:1-2)God bless you. 'Rupang' please send me all the daily news every day.
The union said that if there are no proper laws to protect ourselves, it means that the race that has been set apart by the Creator here on earth will disappear completely.
On the same day, the Rangbah Shnong of Umsyiem Village, Bah Sanjeeb Kongwang, donated a check of Rs.10,000 to the Chief Minister's Covid-19 Relief Fund.
Perhaps, the BJP has thought carefully if the Khasi and Garo languages ​​are approved immediately to be included in the Khyrnit Baphra, to approve the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya. The National People's Party (NPP) is the ruling party in the state as the NPP has also been recognized as a national party by the Election Commission of India (ECI).
U Bah B.Kharsyiemlieh Sordar of Langja Village in the area, said that these residents who have been opposed to the construction of the tower in the village, are the ones who have been visiting the tower from time to time. It is time to disrupt the society in the area and those who disrupt and fight when development projects come from the government, because they want to own the whole area.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Executive Member (EM) in charge of the Labor Department, Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit, said that according to his knowledge, the former EC issued labor license only by writing on the receipt. ).
However, others may criticize him but the love he has received from the people of Pynursla is inseparable and for that reason they expressed their determination to win this election.
After the son of the child saw that the child was unconscious and suspected that she was possessed by the demon, he immediately took her to Byrnihat Parish. Father Kmenlang Nongrum, on the other hand, conducted a prayer to expel the demon from the child.
In fact, Section 7(1) does not mention that he may refuse to give a reply requested through the RTI Act.
Among the vehicles that collided at the scene, no vehicles were coming from Nongstoiñ, but those coming down from the villages in the east from Umlieh, Markasa, Kynshi, Mairang to Shillong.
The Meghalaya High Court has issued an order to MUDA to demolish the illegally built houses along the Umkhrah River on 10th November. work within five days.
Yesterday's meeting was postponed two months ago.
Opposing the CAB, Dr Mukul said that if we are treated unfairly in other countries, we should appeal to the international authorities.
The picture of this crisis is that there is not a single Minister of Education who can give hope in the midst of this crisis.
This legislative process is not only between District Councils and States, but in all forms of government.
In a statement, the KSU leader alleged that others who want to protect the suspended youth may also have been involved in the robbery.
Most importantly, the HITO has insisted that as this is a smooth process, there should be no disruption to the trade in Nongbah and requests all shops and other vendors to sell smoothly. on that day without fear.
The secretary said that the meeting was fruitful as the CM promised to implement these suggestions of the party to help and improve education in the state.
She said that in those areas where there are more people, there will also be male policemen.
How can you trust the BSF if you don't have records?
The closing date for registration is 13th June
I would like to say that a person who doesn't understand or know what day or month is, who still thinks that they appear at the same time and season, who wants only to attract and deceive people without knowing the difference. Mount Sinai and Mount Calvary represent the foundation of our religion.
HNYF General Secretary Bah Sadon K Blah said that the issues that the HNYF will submit to the government are in accordance with the ILP to meet the needs of the people of the state.
Clear hearing and easy access to FM-capable mobile phones have increased the demand for FM radio services in the country.
The purpose of this Section 144CrPC is to protect the water bodies from any damage or any other activities that could pollute the water bodies in East Jaintia Hills District. for such evils must be thought of and guarded against.
Not only that, when the rymphum brings together the rocks and shyiap wah, and from these we get many benefits in terms of construction: such as houses, wells, footbridges , improvements to the village and other construction projects that require a lot of stone and shyiap.
Pool B: Headquarters, Northern, Panaliar and Nartiang.
Pretty, who used to be a member of the MDP and who contested the 2008 election from Malki-Nongthymmai Constituency, I don't think she knows the working methods of the party. to fight in Nongkrem Constituency, but to fight from Malki-Laitumkhrah, which I have already experienced.
Emilio Estevez, who is now 60 years old, is hoping to play Billy the Kid again in Young Guns. he went and hoped that he would be able to build other parts of it.
Later, the HNLC on the 14th of this month, admitted its involvement in the IED blasts on the 9th of this month in Them Metor, Them Ïew Mawlong and The state government has also given 10 months to evacuate 342 households living in the Sweepers' Colony.
Treibrolang thanked the OC of Pynursla for taking care of the complaint of the people and for sending the enforcement of the police department today to be at the scene to resolve the issue. driving to avoid traffic.
So why is this day of the year good? In fact, the word Good Friday is not mentioned in the Bible.
When counting the income from 201 shops inside the market, the income has reached more than T.10 lakh or T.10,05,0
He said that the tourism department will also work with other government departments for the purpose of bringing about development works in the area. He directed the Tourist Officer to do whatever is necessary and expect the work to start soon.
Explaining Patricia's allegation in her letter, Paul said that he as the Minister has already read the investigation report which clearly states that there was no fraud.
“I would like to express my gratitude to the Prime Minister and the Central Government and also to the students who have reminded me from time to time of this issue.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Resolution Forum (HBDRF), Bah Chandame Sungoh, said that the Forum has informed the Prime Minister that there are 36 Khasi-Pnar villages which need to be brought into the country. in the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) under the leadership of Bah HS Shylla CEM has decided to include in the Khasi Social Custom Lineage Bill Mikir or to marry a non-Khasi woman and the children born from her shall be given the jait to the Bhoi father.
The department has come to Motphran today to announce the importance of food hygiene and fines for those who violate the rules of food hygiene.
Therefore, once the beef has been classified as a vegetable food, those who do not eat jhur can also eat beef, because they have been fed with vegetable foods. , demands a contribution of Rs 10,000 crore from the Government of India to implement this project.
This time she has completed another book entitled “Research Methology in Language and Literature”.
In the first match of Group C, MLP Veteran won by 4 goals to nil.
Mawphlang beat Nongmensong 0-1 and B Thabah (46) scored the first goal for Nongmensong.
Khliehriat, November 05: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today promised to provide a good road to Narwan village in East Jaintia Hills District.
However, it was learned that the death was not a suicide, as there were also signs of injuries and sadly, the Sangma family has lost two lives. , in less than 24 hours.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 138 new cases, while in Ri Bhoi, there are 105 new cases.
In the second semi-final, Mawpat lost to Assam Rifles in the 37th minute with goals from T Nang Kuki and H Haokip before the break.
Furthermore, the Seng this year has also set the theme “No to Drugs, Yes to Football”.
Two persons, Wanthiang Diengdoh and D Suting, were injured in the collision and were taken to hospital.
The participants in this race have shown their love for this sport.
The CDFI leaders said that at the meeting, the Prime Minister also declared that the Chakma and Hajong people are refugees who do not have the right to receive citizenship. Arunachal Pradesh, a state which has received special recognition from the Constitution of India as a tribal state.
Speeches were delivered by Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, Bah David Kharsati, Bah Badhok Nongmalieh and others.
“The intention to elect a new President of the Party to replace Dr.WR Kharlukhi will be held in the last month of April or the first month of November. this year,” said Conrad Sangma.
The KSU would like to thank the Sub Divisional Officer (Civil) for his efforts to call for a table of discussion between the KSU and the Village Authorities to avoid any differences or misunderstandings in this regard.
Now, Kim Jong Un has announced that he will punish those who watch these dramas or pop videos.
The Consultancy said that the reasons for the project are the delay in the release of funds by the Central Government in 2017, the outbreak of COVID-19 and the difficulty in delivering the funds. equipment from abroad including from overseas as well.
Jowai, June 09: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Moodymmai Unit today donated money to an orphan child in Moodymmai village, after the death of his mother and father. .
The National Medical Commission's entrustment to NEIGRIHMS to do this great work is an honor not only for NEIGRIHMS but for the entire North East.
Rangjyrteh village was famous in ancient times because of the silver mine here to make the thlen and it is from here that the story of Noh ka Likai came from.
In the Under-16 boys double, Mewanhiar Nongsiej and Nathaniel Nongrum won the double title while in the women's double category, Talylyne Basaiawmoit and Bakordor Nongrum won the double title.
The HYC has also informed the Prime Minister's Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Chairman of the High Level Committee (HLC).
“They run away, they come with others who are more skilled than them, that's why I don't see that the Congress will fall. We have skilled candidates,” said Vincent Pala. The meeting was held at the Assam Christian Centre, Shillong.
Shillong: As part of the celebration of the 48th Anniversary of Meghalaya, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today distributed stickers to vehicles and posters across the state.
The presence, entry and exit of foreigners is not the only threat to the Jaitbynriew.
“As a politician, I don't think that Mr. Sun is alive in a certain way, because we see that there are many officers who come to this job, but they don't stay long. In this case, because it is a difficult job and I thought at the beginning, that the officers, who came to this job, did not stay long, because it was a difficult job. “But the sad thing is that his life has ended soon and he is no longer alive,” said the opposition leader. and we are here," he said.
The vacancies for SSA teachers are divided into three categories including 102 posts in Lower Primary, 292 posts in Upper Primary and 26 posts in Secondary.
Recently, three Khasi youths were shot dead by Nepalis and the District Administration of West Karbi Anglong and From Ri Bhoi District, they have imposed a curfew on the movement of the people and today it was learned that these 3 persons have been arrested even though they are the owners of the They were arrested by the Assam Police and taken to Ulukanchi for further investigation.
The office has also directed all educational institutions to publicly inform their students so that all of them can appear in the said examination for their higher studies.
Last year, the Ministry of Home Affairs had allocated T.1 crore for the Normal Welfare Grant (GIA) to the NEPA Police. Grant to assist NEPA trainees and employees"
However, what can be done when the demand is to receive accurate knowledge and benefits in the future?
Iranian media on Monday reported that at least four people were seriously injured in Sunday's shooting.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The State Government has decided to revive the vacancy industry after 40 years of dormancy due to a court dispute with MS Associate.
The meeting of teachers and officials for the District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2022 has been postponed to the 29th due to unavoidable reasons.
Therefore, it is necessary to have adequate sports facilities, modern selection systems and proper training for the development of players and also to be able to achieve for to qualify for the Olympic Games.
Speaking on the TMC's entry into Meghalaya, Conrad said the party has already taken over as the Opposition but has started to show signs of division in the party.
I appeal to the public to report and cooperate with the law enforcement agencies if there are any illegal activities.
In Khasi Hills it is better to plant in March.
The tournament will continue on Friday when Tynring SC will play against Nongumlong SC at 1:10 pm, Umlyngka SC will play against Gorkha Association at 3 pm (at the SSA Stadium). , while Lumdiengjri SC and Lawmali Pyllun SC will play at the third ground at 3 pm.
The Ladthadlaboh Youth Social Organization prays that God will be with the entire Mukroh village at this time of tragic incident and that peace will return to the entire area.
The primary goal of the AOG was not merely through financial or material assistance; but more importantly, it is encouragement, motivation and mutual assistance to raise awareness on many issues related to the struggles in everyday life – especially mental health.
Alok Das, a truck driver from Patarkhandi, Karimganj, Assam, was killed by the robbers.
He said that the construction of the Byrnihat market is not adequate because many of the market vendors do not sit in the constructed markets and sit on the ground instead of sitting in the constructed markets.
Chamakala Chettri complained that since 2014, her goods worth T.3000 tyngka have been stolen from Lady Hydari Park and no notice has been given and the goods have not been returned.
“The claim of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram that it owns the land and the Mawjymbuin Creek is groundless and the claim that the land and the Mawjymbuin Crematorium have already been registered in the name of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram. “It is not based on anything because there are no documents to prove it,” said the General Secretary.
In Tura, NPP National President Conrad K Sangma and Lok Sabha MP Agatha K Sangma laid wreaths at the cemetery of Purno A Sangma.
Lajong have seven points from three games and will face Langsning FC on the 23rd at 3:45pm. .
“Everything is T5
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday warned the ration distributors not to charge the transportation fee from the ration recipients as the government has already paid the ration. you don't have to buy ration.
In this regard, the Meghalaya Youth Survey was conducted in which more than 50,000 students of the state have participated by submitting their answers through the survey.
The goal came in the 6th minute of the first half.
Shillong, Lber 09: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the goal of the state government is to eradicate poverty and when the state turns 50 years old; there shall be no more dust.
The fourth method commonly used in the United States in low-lying areas is contour cultivation and strip cropping.
Also present and speaking on the occasion were S Lyngdoh, Tamdor Risaw, BS Marbaniang, B Syiemlieh, former BJP President, T Sangma, Daniel. Wahlang, Bah Man Sangma, Bah D.Dkhar when they all showed and explained the principles on how to strengthen the party and also how to work harder from now on to bring the fruits of victory and the He also asked the people to give their right hand and left hand to win the election.
Gino A. Sangma of NEHU was named Man of the Match while Manik Das of NEHU was named Man of the Series.
I remember that once she filed a PIL in the Supreme Court to make the BANDH illegal because she said that this affects the livelihood of the poor.
On the opening day, the Delhi Police musicians performed their musical instruments and there was also a dance titled 'We Are One' by the group that participated in the 'Mitti Mein' Jawa Mill and Vande Mataram.
Earlier, the bill was passed by the Lok Sabha in 2011, but was brought back due to amendments before it was passed by the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday. May.
Sumer said the delay in completion of the road is due to the fact that UCIl has stopped paying the remaining T.6 crore.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, on Tuesday informed that there are many people who have not complied with the curfew.
India’s journey in the 21st century is one to be celebrated.
The ADR, inspecting the election papers submitted by Conrad, said that the assets of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya have reached more than T.14 crore. He said that all the 12 Ministers in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (2.0) government are crorepatis or people whose net worth exceeds T.1 crore.
What is more surprising is that the main demand of the state (which has already been passed by the Assembly) to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) has not been included in the BJP's Annual General Meeting. , why.
On the other hand, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, said that the Hima has suggested to the government to open some shops like others, in order to allow the market dwellers to earn a living.
Nongpoh: Lumkya Sports Club, Lumkya Sports Club, have won their first title of the 2nd Hiarless Timung Football Tournament 2019, after beating Umkaduh Sports Club 5-0 The match was played at Umsawnongbri Stadium.
Shops in Zone I and Zone II will be open on Monday, Tuesday, Friday and Tuesday; in Zones V and VI, they will be open on Mondays, Tuesdays and Wednesdays, in Zones III, IV and VII, they will be open on Tuesdays, Fridays and Saturdays.
The struggle of the far-sighted intellectuals for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule will be meaningless if the Khasi Pnar people do not love their own language.
We don't have to worry about the government.
Kong Lumspah said to her husband, “Imat they didn't come...” “If they don't come as agreed, we'll see but the time isn't over yet.
She said that the NPP has promised to remove her ticket if she does not join the BJP. When asked whether the promise is that the Prime Minister may contest from the BJP. “If you look at the speeches of leaders including the State President Dr WR Kharlukhi and also the National President, he has made it clear in the days when we resigned as MLAs to join the BJP. “They have already prepared other candidates before we left the NPP,” she replied.
There are 947 cases of COVID-19 in the state, 466 cases in East Khasi Hills including 42 cases from Armed Forces and 424 cases from civilians. In Ri Bhoi District, 33 cases including 2 Armed Forces and 31 civilians, 15 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 17 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 17 cases in West Garo Hills. 258 cases including 7 Armed Forces personnel and 251 civilians, 39 cases in South West Garo Hills, 50 cases in South Garo Hills, 32 cases in East Garo Hills and 251 cases in North Garo Hills. there are 9 of them.
“I am glad that you have come to stay here.
On the same day, Irani also laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Central Institute of Hindi Campus Shillong Center at Mawdiangdiang, New Shillong. of Hindi.
The fire brigade on receiving the information, immediately sent fire engines to prevent the spread of the fire to other nearby shops.
Therefore, it is necessary for that authority and a strong opposition party not to allow these secret and destructive plans for India especially for the North East.
“We are confident that the people will come on that day because we have gone and preached around the Khasi and Jaintia Hills to raise awareness among the people,” said Bah Blah.
“Before we went to the Meghalaya High Court, the Government had offered us two Government jobs and money but we didn't accept them because if we accepted, we would have decided not to fight anymore. right.
Is that how they choose the qualities of leaders? Or do they choose a political party? Now we have more than 10 years, and we don't know what the people or the leaders of the various political parties want.
The 10-day men's football tournament started on 21st July.
“From today, 10th July, I will resign as Publicity Secretary East Khasi Hills of the party due to the suspension of Bah Pyniaid,” said Dr. Paul in his resignation letter.
He said that the opening of this market will be one of the ways for the customers to come and pay at this market because the price of goods will be the same as in Ïewduh, Khyndailad. that this will help to reduce the traffic jam in the city and its congestion.
Speaking on the occasion, Brightstar Chyrmang said that MCSWA has made a great contribution to the society, especially to the unemployed youth.
On the other hand, the Minister said that it is very sad to see that the residents of the village have been injured and lost their lives just from the robbery of the Assam police.
Bah Samlin said the people of Sohiong are wise and intelligent, and they have already understood whom to vote for in this election.
The work includes:Cleaning of wastewater in the most common areas in the villagesMaintaining cleanliness around water bodies by planting trees in catchment areasSarpanch Samvads in the area of ODF PlusSlogan and oath for “elimination of open waste "Information to villages on the selection of dry and wet waste in the production areasConstruction of collection sites and choose the types of wastePurchase of tricycles/e-carts (battery powered) through GeMCollection of non-perishable waste such as plastic from householdsInformation on the dangers of Single Use Plastic (SUP) by holding Gram Sabha meetings and deciding to eliminate SUPTo promote the 4Rs of the current plastic waste clean-up – Refuse, Reduce, Reuse and RecycleA United India for Swachhata – is a special one-month program for complete cleanliness – 'sampoorna swachhta' in 9 states of the country.
Similarly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh expressed the same feeling although he had the feeling and intention to resign earlier.
He said the health department has done its utmost to identify those who have been infected with the coronavirus so that they can be treated in a timely manner and not at the last minute.
Almost every day there are cases of theft, murder and others,” said the Nongkrem MLA.
These seeds will be launched by robots to land on the moon to build the moon house.
Ieitlang Syiemïong scored the three points.
Regarding this incident, it also prompted the shopkeepers to hold an emergency meeting and to protest they closed their shops due to the lack of security measures.
Lakhon Hadia was admitted to hospital after being injured.
How can I save myself? Perhaps someone will say, 'How can we be saved while we are alive?' God does not speak of physical or physical things but of spiritual things which means that man must save his soul to escape hellfire.
PRC candidates can apply online through the website along with the required documents including EPIC/Aadhaar Card, Birth Certificate, Residential Certificate, ST Certificate, Photograph, Admit Card from School & College. and Marksheets, you must also submit your Identity and Residential Proof of your parents.
Thank you, Lawrence Pherliam
However, it is not known how many people will be affected, especially if the elections are held in many months.
These four members of the family died suddenly after half an hour after the earthquake covered their house while they were sleeping.
The health department also needs to provide services to the people of the constituency such as sub centres, PHCs, CHCs so that the people can get easy and efficient services.
However, it is also taught how to learn respect and manners and that is important for a person to live on earth.
Ms RM Kurbah, said that although the area is more crowded, it has helped in preventing the entry of foreigners, as people can no longer enter easily. as it happened in 13mer, Tamulkuchi, but in that place people are no longer allowed to cheat in order to enter the state.
Informing about the decision, the Union Spokesperson, Bah Roipar Kharaswai said that as a group, they have discussed immediately after the Minister has already told them that the government cannot run itself. the EMRI
There are currently 18 national waterways in the North East.
This will surely affect our nation.
“I have spoken to the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, I have asked him whether the VAT should be charged only to the Khasi-Jaintia MLAs. Not only the Khasi-Jaintia MLAs but also the Garo MLAs but when I talked to my fellow Garo MLAs they told me that they have not been cut, 100% I confirm that they have not been cut, what is behind it? Why don't they cut us off?” said Witting.
It is for this reason that Jesus spoke to the Jews at that time, because what they did and believed was not true.
According to the CCTV footage, the owner of the shop said that these people have been seen coming and going for the past two days in the morning, but last night they were able to steal from the shops.
“Where is the Trust (SRGT) in all these years, people don't know even the players and the members of the SSA don't know about the SRGT,” said Bah Bindo. SSA has created opportunities to promote sports without any results but SRGT has not done anything to promote sports and is busy with others.
“There are two kinds of Indians, one Indian, the richest, who have a lot of wealth and power, who don't want work at all, who don't want water, who don't need electricity. “There is a lot of poverty and discrimination these days,” said Rahul Gandhi.
In addition to their prayers, the militants also swore to support Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the most prominent leader of ISIS. They were seen holding hands, standing five people, with the flag of ISIS behind them and they were also shouting and raising their hands to the sky to shout and swear. Their supreme leader, Baghdadi, has been absent from public view for more than three years.
Kyrmen Shylla said that the truck 407 was purchased through the CMSRDF scheme for the year 2019-20 after seeing the spread of garbage by the residents. lap bus it.
The EC will also urge the Select Committee to expedite the report on the Inheritance Bill so that it can be submitted to the next session of the KHADC. The 48-year-old actress announced this on Tuesday on the talk show 'The Drew Barrymore Show'
Musniang SC beat Mukhailong SC 3-1 while Rangad SC beat Shilliang Umshong SC 3-1 in the first leg of the second leg at the Artificial Turf Stadium in Diengshynrum, Khliehriat. you are the day of God.
Many members of the condolences to the MLA, who passed away, were also held for two minutes. After the condolence speech, the The House of Representatives has opened its doors today, as a sign of respect for this member.
The leader of the traders' association from the state said that the loss is not only for the traders or the loss of jobs for the youth but also for the state government as it has lost billions of rupees in revenue. money in the day.
“It turns out that the Dolloi has not listened to the complaint of the village and has not gone through the village on this issue,” said the two members of the village court.
So far, Joe Biden has received 57 electoral votes and Donald Trump has received
It may be recalled that St. Anthony's College was established in 1934 during the rule of the British Government and at a time when it was very difficult to start such a business.
“We have not decided on the name of MDC in GHADC,” he said.
Referring to the vaccine, she said that only the vaccine can prevent the spread of COVID-1
As a sign of remembrance of these policemen who have sacrificed their lives for the service of the people of the state, a wreath laying ceremony was also held by the relatives of these policemen.
The handover ceremony was attended by the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, KN Kumar, Chairman of the Meghalaya Farmers (Empowerment) Commission, D Sathiyan, IFS Secretary. India, Mrs. T Sumer, Director of Horticulture, Meghalaya Shillong, Mrs. RKBlah, Director of Horticulture, West Jaintia Hills who conducted the meeting with the farmers.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: The Food and Civil Supplies Department has directed the Deputy Commissioners of Districts to prepare the names of those people who will benefit from the Food Security Scheme under the Draft Socio. Economic List of the Ministry of Community and Rural Development.
“I'm gone,” he said, carrying his bags, one behind him and the other in his hand.
The State Literary Award for 2011 was awarded to (L) Dr JS Shangpliang for his Khasi novel “Ka Khet” and Lwellyn R Marak for his Garo novel “Pagitchamrangi Agana”.
They raise money through an organization called Our Democracy.
The Quarter Final match between Nongrim Hills and ARC was a very interesting match and surprised many of the spectators as they didn't expect that the team. The ARC will be defeated by Nongrim Hills as it is one of the strongest teams.
This is in accordance with the directive of the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, Government of India.
Under the Jaladhare Scheme, about T.3,000 crore has already been allocated for the supply of water to urban areas.
The report was submitted by the CBI before the Full Bench of the High Court on the hearing of a PIL filed against the construction of many houses in the state.
“Now that he has come to visit, at the end of the season, the stadium is under the supervision and supervision of the BCCI."Although it is currently under the supervision of the MCA, the rules will Bhattacharjee said that the BCCI has been involved in the tournament.
These young people know the value of the forests which produce fresh and clean drinking water and they understand that if we protect them now, the forests will protect us forever and ever. .3.
These tourist spots have attracted tens of thousands of tourists in the past 10 years and therefore the village leaders and the MLA felt that there should be mechanisms to benefit the villages that surround the tourist spots. .
Out of the seven candidates, six candidates came to explain their positions while the BJP candidate did not attend.
“Therefore, we have to take care of these things because it is not only cleanliness when we look and beautiful our surroundings but also when we are clean we are healthy and that is the most important thing and this will make a healthy and prosperous nation," he said.
Khasi, Jaintia have 1105,848 i.
The election of the new office bearers was also attended by the ISSF Judge who is also the Returning Officer appointed by the National Rifle Association of India (NRAI), Bhaba Kalika. new office bearers.
Continuing the match from 120/3 last day, which the team still needed to score 335 runs to win, Meghalaya were bowled out for 202 runs. Nagaland won the title.
We have failed to protect the right to longtrai because we have clear laws, we have failed to protect the land, the country and the nation.
Mawkyrwat, November 04: The Nongsynrieh Mawlyngdoh is located under the land of the Nonglang Saw Kpoh Nongsynrieh clan.
The total number of cases has risen to 1,128 and the death toll has risen to 1,4
Shillong, June 22: Meghalaya ended their journey by beating Col CK Nayudu in the fourth and final plate group match on Thursday at Cuttack. wicket against Mizoram.
“If you don't have a syrnod, you don't know whether you are a woman or a man,” said Lambokstarwell.
Land owners shall not be able to surrender their land to the Government at a reasonable price.
This festival is a memorial and offering of the Khun-Khasi Khara once a year to God the Creator, the Creator from above and below to maintain the rights and customs.
“The government's failure to appoint jobs through the health department according to seniority has put them at risk and what is more dangerous is that some of them have exceeded the age limit of the government,” she said. complaint to Conrad.
Kong Roshan Warjri, Acting Leader of the Seng, was pleased to give the ticket.
We have also conducted online registration for applicants and in just one year we have received more than 1400 applicants which is a very encouraging step.
The Meghalaya government has tried from time to time to talk to Assam but has finally stopped at the talks without being able to complete the work.
B.MukhimOn 25th November, 2018, the KHADC passed the 2nd Amendment Bill to the Khasi Social Customs and Linage Act, 1997 which stipulates that Khasi women who marry Dkhars and their children. They shall lose all their rights and benefits as Scheduled Tribes.
Louis said that according to the RTI, all the schemes implemented from 2011 to 2020 have been delivered to the former Rangbah Shnong of Nongpyrdi.
This order came after a request sent by the state government and the collectors who opposed the summons and questioning of the ED team for further investigation. without prior notice to the State Government.
The order was lifted after the completion of active surveillance and testing of residents who may be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and found that the spread of the disease has been reduced or controlled. the village.
Legal Cum-Probation Officer, Kong C.Malngiang, also spoke on the topic of “Children's Rights”. which causes children to take wrong paths and also causes trouble in the society.
This decision was taken after the Committee met for more than three hours in the presence of Hima Leaders, Village Leaders of Langpih area and various Sengbhalang from West Khasi Hills District.
“It's my mother,” said Banri and took the synsar to clean the house and clean it.
Regarding the bill which has come into force in other states and those who are preparing the bill in other states, Rupang today visited the beef vendors in Iewduh to ask how they feel about the bill. which the federal government is trying to create soon.
These include EKH: 55, NGH: 1, RBD: 8, WGH: 6, WJH: 9 and WKH:
Besides Mahatma Gandhi, Rev. JJM Nichols Roy or Bah Joy is another leader of our nation who has used religion in politics.
It is in this platform of the party that I will be able to serve the people of the state and the country as a whole.
Therefore, whether you agree or disagree, I would like to advise you that (i) When Jesus has forgiven our sins, let us not sin again. (ii) When Jesus has forgiven our sins, (iii) When Jesus has done much for us, let us do something for others, for on that day Jesus will say, “ Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me" (Mt 25:40).
Also present at the ceremony were the Rangbah Shnong, General Secretary, members of the Village Committee, Women's Wing, Youth Wing, Laitkor Rngi Sports & Cultural Club and relatives of these children.
According to Dr Don, it cannot be said that this sudden increase will affect the income but it will be temporary.
According to sources, there are many MLAs who are not satisfied with the working methods and management of Dr. Mukul Sangma's Khadar rule in the state and this is from the Congress MLAs and also the Congress MLAs. the spirit of the MLA himself.
The council has issued a trading license but the law does not stipulate that it should not be renewed or issued a new licence.
In the men's 73 kg category, Venuze Dawhuo won gold for Nagaland, Th Athoiba of Manipur won silver while Lalhrezuala of Mizoram and Anjalu Basumatary of Assam won the gold medal. to win the bronze medal.
“MMSA is aware that IIPH Shillong Campus has been established to strengthen health services in the State and the North East, but the behavior of the Registrar and Director of IIPH who has promoted DHS (MI) in the media has affected the dignity of doctors of the State Government and this will continue to implement health services which is against what IIPH stands for” .
The goals were scored by Deimon Shullai (OG), Raplangki Marboh and Dashngaiñ Sukhiñ.
In a statement sent by Bah F Wanniang, Bah S Khriam, Bah JJ Lyngkhoi and Bah JL Khongsngi, who were elected by the MSSASA Sengkmie as the Interim President of the MSSASA East Khasi Hills District Unit, they informed that the General Meeting was held. The General Executive Meeting of the MSSASA Sengkmie held on 8th November this year.
Waroh Pde, has attracted the attention of listeners all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills, through his song, “Jadu ai sha” and is one of the kings of songs, which came from the beautiful voice of Bah Waroh. Pde.
However, the most interesting and surprising thing is that she is still in perfect health.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng, 2: Many people who received pigs on the day of the visit of Conrad Kongal Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, to Nongstoiñ, have been shocked that after only two months, pigs have been destroyed in many villages. They died and some of the villagers did not bury the dead pigs, but threw them in the forests nearby. The Prime Minister has become ill and many have died.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday ordered the Manipur government to ensure the burial of the bodies of 88 unemployed people who died in the clashes in Manipur. the state.
The prevalence of chronic pain is high in health care facilities and mostly young people.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Although the government has announced to implement the Right to Education (RTE) this year, parents still have to spend a lot of money to buy books in the market.
He said the Cabinet has also approved to amend the Meghalaya Medical Council Act (MMCA), 1987 from the MCI to the National Medical Commission (NMC) and Shillong, Nailar 02 : The Minister of State and BJP leader in Meghalaya, Bah AL Hek on Tuesday said that the group should not be amended in the MMCA Act. They have blamed the political parties for the robbery of the office of the Prime Minister on the 24th of November this year.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun said that the reason for calling the village leaders of the area was to know the problems faced by the people living in the area. various villages in the area and especially for those who are very poor families.
Prestone said the state government has not yet taken a decision to reopen schools in the state as it is still waiting for a decision from the central government.
The job of the farmers is to clean, clean and cleanse and cleanse these jyntah, which are mawria or small shutmet stones and these types of stones, have byllai Hubei, one of the provinces of China.
How much more so when they install special enhancements to the sound of the music inside the car.
However, in his mind he decided to accept Rida as soon as possible.
Through the emergence of this new village within the Raid Marwet, it has increased the number of villages within the Raid. The village within the Raid, has been a great joy to the people who live in this area and which is now recognized as a complete village.
Rapsang was accompanied by his supporters from West Shillong to the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills.
There are also proverbs that are followed by words that have not yet understood their meaning, such as insects, wild animals, rangli juki, ilaka singmana. , the old house, the fire, the raieh raidam, the money, the pieces of bread, the gifts, the khor khriam, the snier snap, the byrta shula.
According to Wanseng, if they follow the right path by voting in the upcoming elections, if Bah Moon wins, all the people will accept him as the Rangbah Shnong.
Kurmi said that if the Taj Mahal and Qutub Minar are destroyed, beautiful temples should be built that will be recognized by UNICEF and included in the Guinness World Records. the annual salary if a temple is built in the area where these buildings are located to remove anything that has been built since the Mughal rule.
They said that this sudden arrival of them, has frightened and shocked the employees and disrupted their work, especially now that they are still busy to meet the needs of the officers because they have to go to the offices. their election duty.
China on Tuesday deployed several warships into Taiwanese waters, saying it was a mobilization of China's navy and air force for security reasons. of China and Taiwan itself, in the future.
The VPP MLA said that the situation on the border with Karbi Anglong is not suitable for such insulting remarks as this could lead to serious conflict.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, CA Lyngwa, said the incident happened between 9 and 10 pm.
“We rely on dialogue, it will not be between India and Pakistan, but Assam and Meghalaya, so through dialogue, we will try to get the support of the central government, we will resolve the border dispute. and set up police outposts in those areas,” he said.
The meeting was held in collaboration with FICCI (Industry Partner), EY (Knowledge Partner), and Invest India (Investment Facilitation Partner).
When asked about the place of residence in Delhi, the mother of the child said that according to her daughter, she said that they live with an employee of the company where the daughter works. Companies have many Employees.
A few months after the Treaty of Yandaboo, Tirot Singh, the Syiem of the Nongkhlaw Hima, signed a treaty with the French on the 30th of this month. November 1826, while the Hima Sohra accepted the Company Government of the French and signed a treaty in September
Dr Ampareen said that she has recently had discussions with the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma on the construction and full implementation of Medical Colleges in Assam.
He will rejoice in Israel and in all who love him, not only among the Jews but also among the Gentiles.
According to a statement from the General Secretary of the HYC, Samla Wanteibok Lyngdoh, the DC has informed the members of the HYC that he has already sent a letter to the MePDCL department and soon. Wanteibok Lyngdoh together with the four Sengs also sent a message of congratulations to the DC for taking the initiative.
In Assam, 400 people have been given emergency treatment after traveling with an American tourist from Bhutan.
Bah Warjri said that unemployment also affects the health and education of the people.
The union alleged that the government's plan to install smart meters is not for the benefit of the people of the state. by giving prior notice to the public.
All Central Government hospitals/institutions/autonomous bodies have been directed to explain to the poor patients to use these lower priced Government pharmacies such as Jan Aushadi Pharmacy and AMRIT Store. There are hospitals inside the hospitals so that the poor patients do not have to be inconvenienced by having to pay arshah for the same medicines from private vendors in the market.
He said that the state government has been unfair to the state newspapers, where only the government advertisement price has been increased after 17 years and that too after MEPA , refused to participate in the Day of All Journalists, which was held last year.
The championship will be held for the public and school children of West Khasi Hills District.
They also said that those who have been appointed to these positions should be removed immediately after the Government issues an explanation on this matter and why those from Garo Hills have been deprived of their rights.
She said that the government has reviewed the condition, the operations and the needs of the buildings of the offices.
In response to the Lok Sabha, Defense Minister Rajnath Singh said, “The leaders of many political parties have agreed to suspend the Question Hour and then the Zero Hour. , will be limited to 30 minutes.
Police have been deployed at all places where no entry, one-way and no parking are implemented and anyone who violates the law will be arrested and fined.
The Seng strongly condemns the lack of regard for the lives and deaths of the people of the area by this foreigner without informing the village leaders.
The Seng also urges the young men and women who have the talent to write stories, to send them to the leaders of the Seng Khasi Kmie, in Mawkhar, but the words of the stories are only in their own language. religion, in which words that destroy the faith of others shall not be accepted.
However, before the 2023 MLA elections, two out of four MLAs of the PDF have resigned and joined the NPP. MLAs and although they went to support the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) 2.0 government, but they did not get the post of Minister unlike five years ago.
Give money because you vote.
Shillong: The Meghalaya State Kickboxing Organization (MAKO) has organized the XXIII Meghalaya State Level Kickboxing Championship, 2020 at Laitkor Shillong.
Here in Meghalaya, we have a very good spirit.
“When they opened the room, there was nothing, the room was clean as usual,” said Edmund.
Only Akhonijira and New Balakhawa did not take part in the election.
I'm not the son of anyone else.
Investigations by the intelligence agencies of the Meghalaya and Indian governments have not found any evidence that the former judge is in danger of losing his life, although he is now protected from illegal immigration. a PSO policeman, at his residence in Noida.
Tsitsipas started the match with confidence and played well, but Alcaraz soon took control of the match with two fouls on Stefanos from the box. part to win the first set.
From Nartiang constituency, Dr Jemino received 8584 votes while Vincent received 14773 votes.
“We cannot prevent the landslide but the department has already directed the NHIDCL to be ready to remove these landslides so that there will be no impact on the landslide. you're looking for you.
to the rich and the poor, to the honorable, to the prosperous in all respects, and to the backward.
Not only that, in the second half, Ryntih players struggled to hold the ball but couldn't score due to the skill of the defenders. MLP, but what impressed the crowd was that the goalkeeper of Ryntih struggled to kick the ball close to the goal of MLP which also put the MLP in danger every time the ball came.
Rangdajied got a penalty in the 18th minute but Lamurong couldn't score.
However, the projects submitted by the JHADC have been rejected due to insufficient preparation and have to be submitted again.
Speaking on the Iewduh which is a sacred market and a religious market which was known in the past, the CEM said that now there is no recognition in the market. “It used to be a religious market but it has turned into a Thyngngian market, it was a holy market and now it has turned into a septic tank market,” said Bah Adelbert. all the waste of the marketplace.
I am proud of my people for this and I hope this will encourage us to open more food shops in the future.
The chief executive officer of the company, which advertises to the media, has been fired for taking his webcam to the toilet and a picture of himself going to the toilet. video or Zoom call.
The Glazer Family, which owns the entire club, has already announced in November its preparations to conduct another review of the club. documents it has received from bidders vying to buy the entire club; After the owner of the club announced his intention to sell the team to others who have won the rights in their contract.
“The five days deadline for the release of the members of the party has expired, this is only the beginning and if the police continue to order we will hold more strong protests,” said the Chief Organizer of the party. the 5th Circle of Bah B.Syiemlieh.
At the same time, when the government can provide subsidies to the dewbilat factories, it should also introduce policies to protect the consumers. Local traders to trade and deliver minerals to various dewbilat factories, as at present foreign traders from Punjab, Jammu and Kashmir and other states The dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills District have been affected while the dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills District have been left behind.
The days of our years are seventy years;
Shillong:"The relationship between us and God must be perfect, because God loves us human beings and wants to save us and on the Eucharist is the sign of love, the Eucharist is the Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, Archbishop of Shillong, said in the procession today.
Ryntih SC are in fourth place with 7 points, while Sawmer SC have only 3 points, along with Nongthymmai SC and Nangkiew Irat SC. The match tomorrow, Friday 25th will be between Nongthymmai and Langsning at 3:15 pm.
According to Bah Ban, the KHADC has already opposed the proposal to amend the 6th Scheduled by the Central Government by introducing a Village Council instead of the Dorbar Shnongs.
This poses a threat to the jaitbynriew because while those who came have got a place to live here in the state, and they have also got to earn a living.
Now scientists have discovered that Cana is not the true city, which is believed to be true, but that it is farther away from the city, which is five miles north of Israel.
When the youth are not ready to enter the future of jobs, political parties must take responsibility.
The support of these two political parties for the new NPP government has been strengthened immediately with a total of 45 members, including 11 members from the UDP and 2 members from the PDF.
Immediately, Abraham, as a man who had died in love for his only son, wrapped Isaac, laid him on the altar, and took the knife in his hand to kill his son. son.
Shillong, July 10 : Mylliem Constituency has become one of the constituencies that has started to slow down especially after the MLA and former Minister of State, Bah Pynshai Manik Syiem has decided to contest again in the MLA elections. it will be in
Other village authorities of Pyrtakuna, Shymplong and Lumtongseng have stood firm against the proposal to mine coal from Brishyrnot as the arrival of factories in the area does not benefit the people.
“If the government takes action to develop this non-smoking factory, the tourism will also help the youth to work not only to become guides for foreigners and they will also get jobs through this,” he said. He said that the most important thing is that the government should also create opportunities for the books read by the students to be introduced by those who can improve their skills to reduce part-time dropout.
What will happen if the colored road is for everyone to use or walk as it pleases and it is the right of everyone? We have a role and responsibility to protect ourselves and others on the road and we must walk or ride on our side to avoid injury or death.
However, what is more surprising is that on the day the Court will take its decision to issue the order on this request, the complainants have withdrawn it for a reason they know better, in order to allow “I have asked the government not to cancel the tender,” said Bah HM Shangpliang.
On the other hand, Bah O Binong, Rangbah Shnong of Nongagang Marngar, has expressed his deep sorrow and grief over this incident which has led to the untimely loss of a young girl of the village and demanded that the government should The government should take action to ensure that such incidents will not happen again in the future to the youth of the state and the North East as a whole.
Our special thanks also go to Satya Pal Malik, Hon'ble Governor of the State and Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of the State for his congratulations. kit their rwinag.
The winner of the competition was the HBJ group which performed a short drama about Phan Nonglait.
In a complaint to the CFO of KHADC, the MC&GO said that the illegal smuggling of rnga has been very serious where trucks carrying rnga used to pass through the road from Mawmaram to Mawlyndep, Umbir. and from Lad Umsaw, then from Dongki Ingding, Umpdem, Sohjarang, Zero Point and Umsning, as well as for those who use the road from Umrit and Umling.
The witnesses took the oath and said, “The witnesses who testify against the sin of the blood of the tea must drink the oath, and the Blai Syiem pyrthad shall judge them. and the righteousness of the righteous shall be in the midst of them.
She said that the police should have sent them for treatment and the trial will continue to prove that they are guilty, especially since it is a case that the police suspect but these youths are the suspects. I don't have anything wrong with you.
Two persons including Jibarkor Thabah (22) and Banjop War (23) were arrested from Wilco Pynthorbah School.
Another problem faced by the farmers is the lack of staff in the offices in charge of agriculture, where the farmers do not receive any training or public awareness in the villages. .
Now we will go to Riyadh and hopefully we will set more records".
Promising to look into this demand, the Minister said that the Government will sit down and take a decision when it is necessary to create a new Block.
The Pa'iem said that it is no longer a matter of calling for a protest but one hour ahead of the mawjam has been done and first Khanduli and the 36 villages will stand together to demand their rights. The two CMs came at any time and the people were in order.
Mihmyntdu Village, which is considered to be one of the villages with the lowest number of educated people, but the good news that the Mihmyntdu Dorbar Shnong has come forward to honor the students who have passed well in the examination. The program was held at the Riatsaliya Mihmyntdu Hall on Tuesday.
“I feel privileged and blessed that I have been able to support TB patients who need assistance even if it is only for twelve months.
If they are not allowed to attend the personal interview, we will show our force,” said the woman.
The book tells us that it has the answers that we must act on," he said.
For a period of three years of operation of the organization.
Speaking on the occasion, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, said that although he had to leave Mawhati and went to contest from Nongkrem, but he has done well for Mawhati, where one of the He said that the road from Umsning to Sonidan will also be completed. He said that the road from Sonidan to Umsiang will also be completed.
After that I started preparing for the civil services examination.
Obedience should come from the heart and the relationship between the teacher and the children will strengthen and build the child's character.
One of the most prominent athletes from the state is Ester Mary Lyngdoh who has been involved in this sport since 2000 when she was 12 years old.
One of the 29 reasons why the party has expressed its opposition to the Congress is the government's refusal to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and other strong laws to prevent entry into the country. This state is not included in the state.
The total number of cases as of 8 pm on Tuesday was 20,903 in the past 24 hours.
The NPP has not yet revealed any signs, but inside sources say that there may be those who have thrown trees ahead of the 2023 elections.
According to media reports, the Election Commission has not yet taken a decision yesterday and has held another meeting today and a decision may be taken soon next month. .
Speaking on the occasion, Fr.Alistar Marweiñ said that the Parish Nativity of Our Lord has produced many religious leaders who hold various positions and work in all fields.
Therefore, even if those borders fall under Assam, the land and ownership will remain the same and those who have owned the land for 50 years now no one can knieh but the only thing is that the registration has not been completed. I don't have to go to Assam.
In this regard, she urged others to follow the good example of 'Sarot I Man' because the presence of such Voluntary Blood Donors can save lives. people who need blood urgently.
This has caused a lot of confusion among us youngsters because in our view, the election period has become a time of criticism and no longer a time to talk about the issues that affect the nation.
The film was released in 3,123 cinemas in India.
Amazon has asked those who own the Echo Buds to install them immediately so that they don't fall out while listening in their ears.
After a few hours of eating and sleeping, they were found unconscious, but fortunately, neighbors came and helped them and took them to hospital at Nursing Home VIP. which is located near the airport, Assam.
The game in the first half became more interesting and friendly in terms of passing and scoring attempts.
Janis said that since childhood he loved and enjoyed music and he has focused on singing and this dream of his has not been in vain where he has achieved. to release two albums – one album entitled 'Nga la shongdor' and the other 'Sona'
Alex Vadakumphala, Bishop of Kannur, admitted that the NCW leader's remarks were irresponsible and said, “Confession has been done for a long time and that people, they confess their sins with a pure heart, and these are hidden, and even if they should risk the lives of the priests.
ASHA and Anganwadi workers of the area who attended the one day training programme, received training on many aspects of the Act relating to residents with disabilities from experts on the subject. They included RJ Wahlang, Physiotherapist, I. Shadap, Clinical Psychologist, I. Wahlang, Lecturer at CRC Shillong and Dr. M. Nongphud, Pathologist.
The owner of the ISL club, John Abraham, who is also a famous Bollywood actor, visited Shillong today to witness the opening of the second round of the Talent Identification and Elite. Pathway Programs 2024-25, at SAI-NEHU with the MR of the State- Conrad K Sangma.
The incident happened on National Highway 29 in Chumoukedima district, between Dimapur and Kohima.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Rowel said that the distribution of electricity to all the villages of the state was the idea of ​​former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi, who was concerned about the plight of the people especially. in the countryside, where there is a shortage of electricity.
Especially high blood pressure and other illnesses at an early age increase due to lack of love.
The proverbs of the ancients, “San like a bsein and slow like a parrot, to suffer too much is to die”, are indeed words of advice and words to awaken us as the people of the land of Hynniewtrep. elect leaders who are wise and intelligent, who can truly lead the nation to the top of the mountains of glory in the world.
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong has warned against those people who are afraid to park their vehicles in dark or quiet places at night.
On the 27th, the SSSM held a drawing competition in which students from various schools took part.
“In 1996, they accused us Congress and won nine seats on the grounds that they promised to lift the ban. of the government, by victory they have not been able to release.
Secretary and Director of Sports and Youth Affairs WAM Booth and Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills Isawanda Laloo and Sylvester Nongtnger, SAI officers of the Sports Department of Meghalaya Government. and the children who are taught in this school.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 26: The 15th KJP Synod Sepngi Youth Service was held at the Nonglang Tynghor Presbytery Church on Sunday. and Jaintia flocked to Nonglang Madan to hear the message from the Word of God.
He said that in democracy, if there is no opposition, the debate for any issue is no longer stable and convincing.
In this research, there were about 78 fish including other insects which are the ones that have the power to carry seeds.
We also recall that the BJP had slammed the NPP after the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, did not get permission to hold an election campaign rally in June.
Under the leadership of Bah Raphael Warjri, paintings from all over the region were displayed to showcase their culture to the world.
In the 45th minute, Belgium had another PCs but it was stopped by the Indian defence.
He said that the government will send to the court the actions that the government will take against those involved in this case.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Faggan Singh Kulaste expressed his pleasure to have the opportunity to visit the development projects implemented through the ADP which is one of the programs implemented through the The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has expressed his satisfaction with the explanation given by the officers regarding the implementation of development schemes through various departments in the country. Flood District.
“We will send a fax to the Prime Minister, Governors and Chief Ministers of the states in the region tomorrow,” said Pastor Basaiawmoit.
In the census, he said that the yiar female and male yiar were sacrificed, later the water and rice were distributed to all the people who were there.
Therefore, we have decided that the CRPF will be deployed in these areas and that the Meghalaya Police will also deploy the Out Post later to avoid any differences of opinion.
She had thought at first that that information would just keep to herself.
That is why the Word of God says – “Blessed and righteous is he that hath part in the first resurrection: on such the second death (in hell) hath no power; Priest of God and Jesus Christ – they will reign with Jesus Christ for 1000 years”.
The second article states that it will provide protection to farmers in such a way that sellers and buyers must sign a soskular. they can no longer change the price when they have agreed.
I'm not sure if I'm going to die from corona virus.
She also urged that as school children, in these days they should be wise to use mobile phones through the internet and computers and avoid disclosing all their personal needs especially in relation to They don't need to have their own bank accounts or savings accounts, said Hahshah.
A case has been registered against him at Khliehriat Police Station under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
You should also advise me on what should be done for the constituency and also for the nation and the state itself because you are the youth who are the future of the state,” he said. he added further.
“From the beginning, we have urged the government to accept the VAB. We hold our demand,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
When I was young, I didn't understand.
In connection with this incident, one of the MPSOs in Ri Bhoi has lodged a complaint at Pillangkata Police Outpost. They were arrested under the provisions of Khanapara PS C/No-24 (9) 21 U/s 188/304 A/337/427, 34 IPC under R/W section-( a) of the Explosive Substance Act.
The hymmen alleged that during the attack, Bah Charming's money of Rs 40,000 and two gold bars weighing 10 tulas were lost from his body. The family of Bah Charming has demanded that the police should conduct a thorough investigation and said that she too has witnessed the assault with her own eyes. When she went to look for Bah Charming at the KSU office in Jaïaw.
Despite having enough chances, they couldn’t score until the end of the first half.
Woe to the life of man, that even after the end has been met, the day of judgment will continue for all deeds, whether good or evil.
A total of 3,352 vaccinations have been conducted in which 1,91,181 people have received vaccines so far.
When they entered the shop, they chose to sit in the more remote areas.
Explaining on this allegation, Kong RM Kurbah, said that when such allegations come out and insult the employees in the area, it discourages them, because besides their job, They have been working hard to prevent the spread of Covid-19, but they have been criticized for being quick to give a negative result if someone pays.
As you go along, you become ugly, you become dirty, you become angry, you become angry, and you don't change your appearance.
Dozens of buses carrying school children and others who had planned to visit the hotspring, but due to the refusal to pass through this bridge, they had to stop on the other side and saw to the people who walked on foot to reach the hotspring of the place they had planned to visit.
They say, die, done.
For example, Lama Hills, Pdein Lalieh, Pampyrthad, Lumjrong, Chahlyer, Mynriang, Myni, Umlong, Umpu, Umshara, Umteli and others.
"The award will be presented at the 69th National Film Awards.
She said that they are living in an age of discovery of many new things by encouraging the children to observe and research so that they can be of benefit to the society in the future.
Explaining about the release of these Khun Khla, the child said that on his way back from Umsning, when he reached near the Lum Jingtep, he heard the sound of crying. Mrad and so he went to look at the place and he found these four children, who had been slapped and there was no one to help them. and the child took them home, and nursed them with milk.
The body of the victim, who was found by the police yesterday at Umiam Pond, is believed to be of Khasi or Jaintia ethnicity, and is believed to be 32 years old. He is 4 feet 10 inches tall, wearing a blue jacket, a gray shirt, blue jeans, blue shoes with orange.
The State Government will soon send any proposal for the use of up to T.100 crore under the Meghalaya Environmental Protection and Restoration Fund (MERPF) for the revival of the environment within the state.
The Dorbar Shnong, Moolamylliang invites and welcomes all those who come to the village to witness with their own eyes the splendor of this Christmas fireworks festival.
Organizing secretary: Phaitki Suna 8.
Nongstoiñ: Several job seekers from across the West Khasi Hills District, who have also worked in a company known as Maxwell Organisation, in collaboration with the members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (WKHD), have been arrested. They have lodged a complaint with the Nongstoin Police Station against the company which has an office in Nongstoin, alleging that they have been cheated by the company.
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) will honor the students who have passed the HSLC and SSLC examinations of
Nongpoh, Jymmang 23: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri-Bhoi District today strongly criticized the Meghalaya and Assam governments for the harassment of the residents of Block II border area. although these two states are still on the road to resolve the exact border.
Lumlang said the HYC has been demanding this since 2017 when they walked from Nongstoiñ to Shillong for about 89 kilometers for the shortcomings in the field of health development in the country. West Khasi Hills area.
He said that coal is one of the sources of employment for the people of the state but it has been banned since the time of the Congress.
According to a notice issued by the Chief Secretary on 16th June, the SPs of the districts have expressed their dissatisfaction with the inability of the SPs of the districts to ensure that the highways are running and those districts which have coal mines. to curb the illegal mining and trade of coal which is in violation of the orders of the Supreme Court, NGT and High Court of the state.
The king's ministers and all those who were sitting at the feast saw that Caesar was bleeding.
He urged everyone to take advantage of new opportunities according to the modern era such as the internet and e-commerce, so that they can market their products well to the market.
