So it’s still very rare.
When planting synsar, it is necessary to clean up the forests which are water sources or places where the dewsboh is stored with rainfall and which are also the habitats of wildlife and birds. kiss.
It is these alcoholic beverages that encourage and incite them to do evil deeds.
They should be encouraged to pursue their studies so that they can become successful in their lives.
Manipur Police on Sunday arrested a man identified as a member of the United National Liberation Front (UNLF-P) along with ammunition and bullets.
In fact, the Election Commission has listened silently without taking any decision regarding the demands of the people of Mizoram, as the polling has been scheduled to be held on 3rd November. Chattisgarh, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Telangana and Mizoram will hold MLA elections on Tuesday.
He also urged the EC to monitor the exact share of the Hima which is 1/8 and also to monitor the share that should be received from the state government.
“We as the union have witnessed the excessive speeding of the vehicles carrying stone to drive their line and through this incident it should be a message to all that we should not drive too fast to reach anyone. E Khonglam, Information Secretary of the party, said in a statement.
Water makes up about 60% of our body when we drink or produce it in the form of fresh water.
The leaders of the Union expressed their regret that if the market price in Khanapara continues to remain the same, even the new price will not be able to support it. .300 pieces of meat.
We are waiting for your reply as soon as possible,” Gokhale said in the letter.
The speakers who spoke at the meeting raised the voice of the people and said that the law enforcement agencies should punish and release the robbers who have been arrested involved in the killing of the enemy. The President of the AJCVA, Bah Paila Kordor Lyngkot, has urged the law enforcement authorities to punish these robbers according to their heinous crime. They should not be released, but they should be punished completely by imprisonment or set along for the rest of their lives, otherwise such incidents will continue to destroy the society. within this region and the country as a whole.
The party also invites the elderly and young men to attend the election of the remaining office bearers of the party.
This shows that a small bank such as a rural bank receives only about T.5 lakh per day.
Therefore, the discussion will soon begin in the second phase.
Dr SV Nagachan, Director, ICAR Research Complex NEH Region, Umiam, said that the ancient farming methods in the area have produced many crops especially those related to environmental protection.
?" Yes Mei didn't.
The protesters also demanded that Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi and Meghalaya Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma should talk to the authorities to reopen the school.
Three coal miners have died inside the coal mine in Rymbai area. One of the dead was identified as (L) Ten. Siangshai, from Musniang village and the names of two others who died in the coal mine are still unknown.
According to the information collected and seen, this writer has found from 1957-58 onwards the horse polo ground now known as the Old Polo Ground and some The Shillong Recreation Trust Land has been maintained since 1923 and has a signboard on the ground floor of the Deluxe Guwahati-Tura Park. Bus now (near Ratan Lal Sighania Football Gallery) and a small part of the road from the east ground which is round in the shape of “U” has been opened for 10 years. Both sides of the race will be held for five, three and two furlongs according to the class of horses from Class I to Class VIII. There were also jockeys who started the race from these furlongs to the finishing point and the horses had difficulty holding on to the finishing point and had to run to Lawmali nearby. The Lum Jingshai Office (now MeCL) and during the minutes of the race, two gates have been installed to prevent the passage of vehicles and people through the road at Lawmali and at the 1st bridge. ground and will open again after the race and it is beautiful and enjoyable to watch the horses race and the jockeys and tap tupia jackets in uniforms of different colors and the crowd of spectators. The Race Course Gallery (now CRPF Camp) has announced the names of the horses who have won the Forecast, Winbod Place tickets starting from Rs.2 and so on. that space.
It is because of the darkness that many of the other nations have refused to stay outside, from the safety of their homes, after the sky has fallen.
He added that it is the responsibility of everyone to remember the players and pass them on to the next generation.
He recalled that the foundation stone for the indoor stadium has been laid for two and a half years now and he expressed his happiness at the inauguration ceremony.
He said that the land she has allocated for the protest is very difficult especially due to the lack of toilets.
The reason for the opening of churches is a very hot subject these days, because we see that the Government of India has not allowed it and the same concern arises for the State Government and when However, there is the same restriction on different religious groups.
The candidates for this constituency include Bluebell Sangma of the Congress, Kalpana Sangma of the GNC, Philipole Marak of the NPP and Thinkerman Marak of the independent candidate.
The JJM has also opened up employment opportunities in the rural areas.
The Umroi MLA said that Assam is one of the states with the highest increase in crime against Christian churches in the North East.
The president of the KSU said that the police department cannot blame the members of the KSU for setting fire because some of the members of the KSU were eating when the skum caught fire.
Morning Star Lyngdoh scored the first goal in the 31st minute.
“On the other hand, he said that the rumor that food items will no longer arrive from Assam is just a misunderstanding.
And they prayed as if to those gods, and they too were dead.
Every time we met at meetings in Shillong, I used to say, “Para Nong Mawlai”.
Sri Lanka's oldest batsman Angelo Mathews has been appointed as the first Test cricketer between Sri Lanka and New Zealand. Former captain Sanath Jayasuriya has become the third cricketer in the country to reach 7,000 runs in the tournament.
On the change of name to PA Sangma Stadium, he said, “You can build another stadium and name it PA Sangma Stadium because we need many stadiums and not just one or two or three.
“When she heard this speech, she didn't want to tell anymore and she thought why the Prime Minister had send to smile at me".
However, India's hopes came to an end after Ambar scored the third goal for Chile in the 67th minute.
Former JSU Executive Committee Officer G.Rymbai in his speech gave advice to all those who took part in the rally before the election of MLAs to the Legislative Assembly next year. , they should not file a nomination if they cannot resolve this issue to resolve the full boundary.
PMS is a type of DISEASE that affects the body and the mind.
She said that the party needs to take action against his remarks and act accordingly and to set an example that no one is in charge of the party and he should be suspended immediately until The leaders of the SengKmie have called for this.
“The decision of the meeting will be taken to the Chief Minister,” said Dr. Lyngdoh.
In the first match, Nonglatem beat Chyrmang Wah 1-0 goals by Grouplang Suting. for 25 minutes.
On the other hand, Bah MB Tongper said that on this day, training was also given to the people and the owners of the farms to comply with the rules such as household, feeding, water, months and give 2 months to the farmers and owners to comply with the requirements and the inspection will continue to other areas. that bag in Ri-Bhoi.
The drivers of SPTS Maxi Cabs and SPTS buses will also have to admit their negligence which is one of the causes of traffic jam in these two places.
“This indoor stadium will be the largest multi purpose indoor stadium in the North East and will also be able to host many sports such as Badminton, Squash, Volleyball, Table Tennis and others,” he said. said the Prime Minister.
Speaking to media, Robertjune said the CoMSO will wait for the decision to meet with Amit Shah and if he does not want to meet, other ways will be considered. the desire of the people of the state to implement the ILP in the state.
On the demand to implement the proposal of the 5th Pay Commission, Lahkmen said the government will examine this with the Planning and Finance Department of the state.
He expressed his surprise at the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act 1997 which was passed by the Governor on 25th June 2005, but till date there are no rules to implement the Act.
They demanded that the government through the Transport Department should immediately stop the construction of the weighbridge in the area near Nongpoh. The NTC and the DRSRBD if the government does not listen to the demand to move the weighbridge from the site, they added.
In a petition submitted to Irani, JACATAM said there are about 13,000 schools and colleges and 38,000 teachers in the state.
It is worth mentioning that recently, the police have stopped a truck carrying people without proper documents, which they found at the Toll Plaza in Pahammawlein and turned away. All these people, who intended to enter Meghalaya.
Bah Ardent has started his strike from 10 am on 23rd June which will continue until today 24th June to force the government to change the employment quota to give khambun quota to the Khasi. Bah Ardent, who had initially sat in front of the Secretariat, but at 10 pm on 23rd June, he came to sit in the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat which was specially built to avoid the rain.
Speaking to media, Kyllang S.Thongni, President of HANM, said that as a sign of reminding the Meghalaya government regarding the demand for the development of Mawsyn-ram Community & HANM, HYC, FKJGP, HUAM, KSU and others have staged a rally in Mawsynram Block. by distributing leaflets which is one of the steps they have taken to remind once again and also as a sign of continuous struggle.
The entrance fee for the tournament is 50 tyngka for seniors and 10 tyngka for juniors.
no.9615342039, Phusterwell Khardewsaw New Nongstoin Ph.
The MMSA has already sent a letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma on the 1st of this month demanding an inquiry against the Registrar and Director of IIPH. Dr Aman War, DHS (MI) of the state, has not been appointed.
Some NBFCs have achieved an 8% increase in SME lending, a 65% reduction in cost reduction and a 66% reduction in fraud detection costs.
The department has been offering this facility since several years.
However, now you have the strongest power to fight against the extortion of money by candidates or their leaders to voters or any violation of the code of conduct in this Lok Sabha election and only through your phone. You can file a complaint with the Citizen's Vigilant app or cVigil.
At the same time, all the school authorities in the State should forget about holding schools this year, as a great fight against this pandemic!
Choudary is a British and Pakistani citizen, who was recently released from prison in the past few years on three charges relating to terrorist attacks. .
Toi, once every five years, when the election period comes, it is a festival where the people rejoice, leave their jobs and rejoice that they have received a daily fee of five hundred tyngka from the candidates to go. to rise, to dance, to dance without ceasing.
The children of the hands, the beloved, whom we want to protect.
In the earlier order, it was stated that the 10TPD Solid Waste Management has been constructed and about 70% of the construction has been completed and it is expected to be completed within this year.
The resignation of these eight MLAs will take place at 11 am at the office of the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, Khyndailad.
If found guilty, the fine is 50,000 tyngka of which 20,000 tyngka will go to the fund of the Association, 20,000 tyngka to the arrestor or informant and 50,000 tyngka to the buriers of the dead animal.
The Latur Municipal Corporation has sent a letter to the suspect ordering him to pay a fine of T.1 lakh and has lodged a complaint with the police. against him, said the chief captain.
The land owners have expressed their regret over the fraud in the office of the DC and NBCC and have also expressed their regret over the loss of days.
On this occasion, Kong JU Kharpuri also led the NVD Pledge in the presence of 69 Booth Level Officers of the Sub-Division, Waheh Shnongs, political party leaders, school children, officers from the various government departments among others.
From that day on, the village did not allow Bah Ordo to stay in the village. Even though the mother of the children had died, he had to leave the house to leave the children.
Ambrosina Ksing, 68, of 5mer, died at Nazareth Hospital, Shillong, Repkolin Wanniang, 69, of Golflink, died at NEIGHRIMS, Shillong. Sibon Lyndem, 78, of Mawkdok, who died at home on the 12th of this month.
Ladthalaboh scored the two goals in the second half through Ejingmut Dkhar in the 77th and 82nd minutes.
MPUF Nartiang Circle President- Reebok Sna Vice president- Sati Maskut General Secretary- Chalbestar Myria Asst Secretary- Precious Sna Sports Secretary- Rimiki Myria Publicity Secretary – Step Rynkhlem Finance Secretary- Tony Sna Organizing Secretary- Kar Lamare Rishanary Secretary- Education Secretary- Dapmain Suwer Members include Kle Pasi, Da Ain Niang, Helper Myria, Skit Dkhar, Bas Ryngkhlem, Hen Thuba, Katnyly Dkhar and Yoo Lamare.
This will come into force from 1st July 2016 and will cost about T.5,85,69,948 crore.
Tyrsad, Nailar 14: The Nehru Youth Center, Shillong on Saturday held a Youth Development Campaign at Tyrsad Umkseh, East Khasi Hills District.
Not only that, Ma Lesi said that in politics we need peace because without peace we cannot bring about development in the region and to raise the region to a higher level. You don't have to be in the same party or household to bring about any development.
However, he said the party has not yet decided on whom to give the ticket for the Shillong Parliamentary seat.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle, today 19.02.2022, has checked the documents of foreigners in Amlarem. Laitphar Syngkrem, President Girls' Wing Samla Ladaplyne Hayong and General Secretary Samla Lurman B Talang.
Kabul: President Ashraf Ghani has fled Afghanistan.
He said that the North East has many opportunities and can be a leader for the country as a whole towards economic development.
The winner of the Greater Shillong League will take part in the final round of the Pan-Meghalaya League, which will include all the venues or centers from other districts of the state including West Jaintia Hills, East Jaintia Hills, Ri-Bhoi and West. Khasi Hills and West Garo Hills have been affected.
New Delhi: Congress leader Sonia Gandhi has slammed the BJP government for its failure to pay the state governments' share of the GST. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Sonia Gandhi today said that the refusal of the Indian government to pay the states' share of the GST is a fraud. thank you to the State Government.
Therefore, the case is dismissed.
After the tournament in Bangladesh, Ms Ri-ioh said that after this she does not know whether she will have the opportunity to conduct the tournament, as she will have to go to compete. The referees will be selected to conduct the final matches of the AFC U-17 and U-20 tournaments.
He said the EC will seek permission to meet with the Union Home Minister during his visit in October to discuss the issue of ILP. state.
In that new government, there will be no more corruption, no more bribery of officials, no more corruption in high places.
But take care! Behold, I have told you all these things.
?" asked the Rangbah Shnong.
But it’s only voters who don’t take money from election candidates who would dare to ask those questions.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Namdong Area Unit (KSU) has vowed to close down the Namdong CHC after finding out that the Namdong CHC has been upgraded from PHC to CHC in the past few months. Beyond 2022.
Ahead of the European Championship, Kroos will join Real for the sixth Champions League final against Borussia Dortmund at Wembley on Saturday. 1st July.
However, this is also difficult.
From now on, the ashes of the dead will be buried on the moon and this is NASA's goal. The company, which runs the burial service, Celestis, will provide these ashes. , including DNA, to be buried to the moon.
We read in “Ka Burom Ba La Jah” (1980) written by Prof.H.Warmphaign Sten, Book II lines 189 to 195, “... but if the enemy is strong, this cow cow.
“Because the Chief Minister is in Garo Hills, the Governor has spoken to him via mobile phone to find out the reasons for the government's silence even after the teachers had to sleep on the roads. “The Governor in a phone conversation with the Prime Minister has directed the government to end the problems faced by the SSA teachers in Shillong. Babu Aristotle said that the Governor of the State has decided to take action on the demand of the teachers to increase their salaries. They have been demanding that the Central Government should release the Adhoc Grant and First Installment to Meghalaya.
He said that on his part, he does not agree with this.
Silud didn't want to be faithful.
Manipur won 10 bronze and 7 bronze medals.
It is for such things that you should look carefully.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: There are many talented people around the Khasi Hills but they have not had the opportunity to showcase their talents and their talents have stopped. they are alone.
The United Liberation Front (ULFA-I) has admitted responsibility for the blast, which was announced within minutes.
Bishop Victor Lyngdoh is delivering a speech at Kyndong Tuber on the closing ceremony of the Cetenary and Eucharistic Procession.
It is said that when the French came to make Laban the capital, the Khasi fled farther away because they were afraid to fight together.
His duty is to slaughter the cows and slaughter the goats after the prayer.
Shillong Lajong FC started the 2023/24 I-League season with a 1-1 draw against Mohammedan SC in the first leg of the 2023/24 I-League season at the Bankimanjali Stadium in Kolkata. -West Bengal on November 3,
We value our own bodies.
From time to time, she said, he has visited his village to hold public meetings to discuss with the elders how to develop the Sohra area in terms of agriculture, income generation especially as a Synsar, Mawshun and others and she said that it was during his tenure as Chief Minister that coal mining in the state was allowed.
On our part, we have repeatedly stated that the Meghalaya Residential Safety and Security Act as it stands is inadequate and cannot protect the people. Permit system, so to wait for Parliament to amend the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act will take time or they may not work and to strengthen those entry and exit as demanded by other organizations. The MRSSA 2016 shall be strengthened by incorporating the provisions of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act into the Meghalaya Residential Safety and Security Act , or by incorporating the provisions of the Inner Line Permit System into the Meghalaya Residential Safety and Security Act Security Act to strengthen and have the provisions of the ILP.
Many questions have been raised over the death of the 69-year-old doctor.
Perhaps this is the first time that the Police Chiefs of Ri-Bhoi District have conducted a search on the roads. There were many vehicles, which were driving on the road without any permission from the authorities and which showed that they had violated the order issued by the government.
According to the union leaders, in the past few days, there have been vehicles which have gone to carry the cows, which were brought by people from Assam, but when they have not been able to carry the cows, When they arrive at the scene, they will be loaded into vehicles for transportation to Nongkhlaw and Mairang.
They also said that these sohtrun are produced only from Ri-Bhoi, no one has brought them from other places.
Nongpoh, July 21: The office of the Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, today honored three women who have brought fame not only to the district, but to the state as a whole, including Dolyne Kharbhih, Plenty Makri and Heprit Angelica Tynsong at the District Library Auditorium Hall, Nongpoh.
From the documents that have been collected and after reading them carefully, it can be clearly seen that both the Pastors, Rev. Mon Lyngdoh and Rev. JJM Nichols Roy were They have contributed greatly with their extensive knowledge and understanding of the history and customs of the Jaidbynriew.
Police have immediately arrested Meban Talang, Sambun Dkhar and their friend and conducted an investigation. kill people.
On June 9, 2023, while the school children were preparing for the sports, they suddenly started praying due to the smoke from the Meghalaya Cast and Alloy Private Limited, a factory owned by neighborhood of this school.
More than 1,19,800 people have been severely affected by the floods in Baksa, Barpeta, Darrang, Dhemaji and other districts. Dhubri, Kokrajhar, Lakhimpur, Nalbari, Sonitpur and Udalguri districts.
More than 4 lakh people living within 30 kms of the nuclear plant have been evacuated while about 5 million including 1 million children are still living in the affected areas. We have also seen the impact in Japan in 2011 when an earthquake and tsunami destroyed the Fukushima Nuclear Plant and caused it to release radiation. 1,50,000 people were forced to flee their homes and livestock.
The Committee has held several meetings to review the progress of the work.
Speaking to Rupang, the OC of Pynursla PS, Bah MK Rymbai, said that he has received a complaint that the woman has taken money from four persons, one T.200 tyngka and another T.500 tyngka. she did not return it while to two others she had already returned it.
“AND POWERS WERE GIVEN TO HIM TO BE FORTY-TWO MONTHS” and his reign will end with the second coming of Jesus Christ to Jerusalem.
Stating that they are full citizens of Meghalaya, the Forum said that like the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo, they too are “indigenous people”. They also live in Ri-Bhoi District and are the indigenous people of the State.
At the same time, he recalled that it was during the MDA-I Government that a special session was convened on November 19, 2019 and the session unanimously passed the resolution on the implementation of the ILP in the State.
Kg), High Jump, Javelin Throw (500 gms) & 800 M.And in the Under-14years Boys (6 Events), the events include 60M,600M, Long Jump, High Jump, Shot Put(3.00.
Rahul Gandhi said Manipur has now become the image of the BJP's politics.
The men include Ladthadlaboh, Kingsmen, DSE, Don Rua, Azriel, SAS-WJ, SCB, ONYXX, Newhill and Chutwakhu.
He said that other candidates come out of the classroom to the people, while the RDA candidate has served the country and the nation for decades and understands better the plight of the people. It is time to give him the opportunity to become a ksiang to advocate for the issues affecting the nation and the needs of the Khasi-Jaintia people.
Replying to questions, he said the election in Meghalaya is very different so I don't see that other parties will be a threat to the NPP and the NPP will be a threat to others because here the people turn to the candidate whom they know. I cannot serve them righteously.
Our women, too, because they are kindhearted, give not only food and drink; but they gave him their whole body and soul and invited him to sleep in their own bedroom.
It will take generations after generations for it to start growing again but in different forms.
There will also be a celebration after the ceremony, said the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
Regarding the demand of the Congress party in the opposition in the Legislative Assembly, the government should conduct a thorough research and study on the construction of the railway line as this will be an opportunity. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, u Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government has decided to open up the country for foreigners to enter Meghalaya. of outsiders is the problem.
The answer to what it says is that in our state Meghalaya, until today, there is no illegal smuggling, illegal smuggling and smuggling. -ain to the dewiong.
Entrepreneurs in the Space Economy Sector who participated in this meeting had the opportunity to showcase their work.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday lifted the curfew on 13 households in Umsamlem, Khliehshnong, who had a connection with an elderly man, who was admitted to hospital at H. Gordon Robert Hospital, Shillong.
We also hear reports that there are areas where the village development fund like MNREGA has been misused or wasted, to cause conflict between the people and the village officials.
The concert began with Jesus' call to four of his disciples by the Sea of ​​Galilee and was followed by scenes in which Jesus' miracles were seen.
Bah Ardent, who came from the ARPA, said that the Jaidbynriew dialogue is not only in the Dorbar but can be held in shops, on the streets or at home if the people need it.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 25: The Chief Superintendent of Police, Ri-Bhoi District, Giri Prasad in a statement sent to the media today said that four robbers who committed various crimes have been sentenced. The District and Session Court of Ri-Bhoi District has remanded him in custody.
These households are of Kong You Timung and Kong Kmenlang Lamin of Barato Village, West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, March 31: The Mawsynram Block Congress Committee (CDC) has received the names of two candidates, Silverstar Marwein and Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang.
God has once again given them the power to rule over the earth.
That news is very good,” began the mother.
He said that the establishment of this new office will help the people to meet their needs in relation to the schemes of various Block (MBDA, NRLM, Skill Development etc). which is in one place.
Therefore, there is no time left, now is the time to repent and turn from evil ways, because the grace period of God is nearing its end, to begin 'The day, that says Daniel 9:2
Image by Himas Rafeek from Pixabay.
Many are quick.
The program was held at Madan Mot Tirot Mairang Mission, Mairang where the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh was the chief guest in the presence of the Minister of Water Resources, Bah Brolding. Nongsiej who became the symbol of the chief.
When this reporter tried to get information through the Fisheries Department in Ri Bhoi, it was learned that the Fisheries Department has already sent all the requirements to the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board. However, until today, it has not been able to provide a report on the root causes of the death of these fish in the river.
This film is about a love story and it is also a beautiful film and today the audience who came to watch this film have praised this film and it is understood that many audience will go to see it. to this movie.
Death is not spiritual.
Julius was arrested at 11 pm by the Meghalaya Police with the assistance of the Assam Police.
Regarding private and commercial vehicles, the order has announced that only those who have obtained passes can operate within the district including Sohra and Pynursla sub civil division.
The incident happened at 12:00 pm, when the children were walking on the road, but at that time, even though the children were walking along the road, a A small vehicle, which does not see the registration number, has hit these children, until one of them has sustained serious injuries, but two others have sustained minor injuries.
These Regional Committees will complete the inspection and submit their report to the two governments by the end of November and after that the two Chief Ministers will meet again.
After this thanksgiving, the Duhalia started playing the ksing lumpaid and added the playing of seven other skits.
Shillong, Lber 10: The General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday inaugurated the Maitshaphrang Fitness Center at Mawïongrim Village.
The District Sericulture Officer has lodged a complaint against the robbers and at the same time they will cooperate with the SP of Ri Bhoi in the investigation.
The meeting was also attended by the Director of the State Education Department, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang and officers from DERT. NCERT books in schools in the State.
Arup Das scored 55 runs off 41 balls while Jayanta Dey scored 34 runs off 13 balls.
He also expressed his desire to work and unite together for the sake of bringing love, unity and harmony to the country and the nation.
When inquired, the women said that the price of textbooks is as usual except for copies and they have increased only enough and not enough to say that they are too expensive.
He said that the HPC, the Assembly Secretariat and various government departments have approved the proposal for the construction in the second phase and the proposal will be sent to the Ministry of DoNER. The incident occurred on July 3 at 7:20 pm, when police received a tip from the Secretary of a village in Shillong. a child in a forest.
Midfielders: Anita Dungdung, Anushka Kumari, Anwita Raghuraman, H Yashica, Longajam Nira Chanu, Ritu Badaik, Shveta Rani, Thanda Moni Baskey.
According to the All India Traders (CAIT), the withdrawal of the T.2,000 fee will not affect the trade of small traders, but will affect large traders, who can collect They received T.2,0
In a video posted on social media, it was seen that BJP supporters were threatened by Congress supporters while they were driving from Chandmari village after returning from the polling station. from Polo Ground in the evening and sang a song of joy after the victory of Bah Alexander L.Hek.
All you have to do is mix a little baking soda and water in your bath water, you can also mix baking soda and a little water and apply it to the areas where it is dirty and reduce it. skeletal muscle.
The mobile, which was launched in January this year, has a photochrom that can be seen through plastic or clothes.
“Lydia, who was listening to the noise from the other side of the bed, was overjoyed.
The Ministers explained that they cannot take a decision and they will take this to the dorbar and the decision will be announced the next day.
Shillong, March 30: Three political parties, including the Khasi Students Union, FKJGP and HNYF, today sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, reminding him of the , which they met and discussed two months ago and during this meeting, they discussed three main issues.
“We have decided to hold a rally and sit down to protest against these actions of the VC. The rally will be held tomorrow 12.10.2023 at 3 pm in front of the NEHU Library for the rally, and from there we will turn to his office to continue the protest,” said the president. He also urged the MCTA, NEHUSU and NEHUNSA to provide their support and cooperation.
A prayerful wife is a better equipped wife, pray always for your husband and family.
The number of entrants has reached 412 from all over the state especially from Ri-Lum Jaintia, who are also job seekers for posts other than government departments. different.
I am grateful that the video is being released,” he said, adding that 20 years ago, the issue was raised publicly.
He will be questioned for three days by the police.
He is confident that if the MLA gives his full support, he has no doubt that he will win.
“At present, we can produce only 88 million units but the need is 200 million units and the shortage of electricity generation is 112 million units,” he said. you have experienced trouble.
In the second half, Mawkhan scored the first goal.
He said that the market has changed rapidly in this era which is related to the lives of people in terms of income especially through the rapid development of media technology.
On this occasion, VPP office bearers who accompanied Bah Ardent were seen in front of the Secretariat.
Speaking on the role and responsibility of every citizen in society, Bah Metbah urged all the citizens to work hard and contribute to the work of poverty as part of bringing about economic development in the country. you are a salonsar society.
“It is surprising and the good road is in Madhya Pradesh.
The opening ceremony was attended by BDO Mawryngkneng Bah K Shangdiar while OC Mawryngkneng Lucas Sangma was the chief guest.
Bindo, who was one of the founders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) in 1997, was rejected by the party leaders, who gave the ticket to Lambor Malngiang. Speaking to reporters, Bah Bindo announced that he will contest the upcoming MLA elections as an independent candidate from the UDP-O. However, he said that he will not go his own way with the UDP as the UDP-O is only a branch of the party.
Although the EE was not present, when he met with the SDO Bah C.Kharraswai, he promised to immediately send for repairs from tomorrow.
“I don't have a shop or a special care center, because I am a self-employed person, but I take care of those who come at home,” he said.
On the same day, a Blood Bank Camp was also held at the Civil Hospital in collaboration with the Jaintia Students Union.
In the past few days I have searched for the reasons for the delay in receiving scholarships but from the search I cannot find the root cause and even so when I searched through the website “pfms.
The new Khasi song, “We pray for you” is the song for Manipur which will be released on 6th July
Bollywood actor Sunny Deol today joined the BJP to contest the Lok Sabha elections from Punjab.
“We have seen that the CEM of KAAC has expressed his intention to build the monument so the Government should not stop on this, we don't need others to come and build the monument, we need the Government to fulfill its duty.
The more than 100 people include leaders of the CCIB, land owners and people living on the border.
Jowai, Naitung 11: Police of Dawki Police Station together with C-coy, 4 Bn BSF of BOP Dawki while conducting a search operation near Riahjalong Forest on the border with Bangladesh of Dawki PS have recovered billion worth of illegal drugs were seized.
The woman was wearing a blue blouse and a pink-orange skirt.
go ahead KSUGo ahead KSU to fight our right.
However, the Amendment Bill passed on 25th November, 2018 by the KHADC needs to be clarified. mynder in Hynniewtrep and Meghalaya as well, especially those belonging to one religious group.
The youth are the future of North Shillong,” he said.
The teachers under the banner of JACATAM have already staged a three-day strike last month to demand that the government should take over all the teaching posts in the state.
He said that when KHNAM goes to attend the meeting of all political parties, it will seek clarification on the setting up of the office of the Committee in Delhi and also on the number of of the expenditure to pay for all the needs of the committee.
Bhopal: BJP MP Pragya Singh Thakur today made a new report by alleging that the opposition used magic to kill the two top BJP leaders, Arun Jaitley and Sushma Swaraj.
The KSU has learned of the cancellation of the project to improve the road from Weiloi to Mawkyrwat-Rangblang through a letter sent by Vijay Bhushan Pathak, Joint Secretary of DoNER. The project for the construction of the Weiloi-Rangbhalang road which has been allocated T.27 crore for the year 2010-11 was requested by Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya through a letter D.O letter No. PLR.113/2008/196 dated 10.09.2013 which he sent to the Minister in charge of DoNER to remove this project from the Priority List of the NLCPR. They said that the request of the Prime Minister was accepted by the NLCPR Committee at its meeting held on 13th July 2013 and approved to cancel 45 projects which have allocated Tk. .356.39 crore and to continue implementation of only three new projects out of seven other projects worth T.245 crore.
When inquired from the office bearers of AITC Nongstoiñ Constituency, they said that the Khaddar rule in the state has been in power since the Congress was in power until now. The MDA government, led by the NPP, has not fulfilled all its promises.
Khliehriat, Nailar 21: The Jaintia National Council Jalaphet Unit, has strongly condemned the robbery of a foreigner who is allegedly involved in the assault on the body of a girl. They have accompanied their family members to Khiehriat to follow up on the case from the law enforcement agencies.
Marshal Dkhar was also welcomed by BJP Ri Bhoi President Skhem B.Swet, BJP Mawhati Mandal President, Shanbor Rympei, BJP Mawhati Candidate Dr Evarist Myrsing and other BJP leaders from Mawhati.
Kharshiing said the central government in 1993 had allocated about seven coal mining sites in different parts of the Khasi Hills.
“The request for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule will not succeed if we don't have a Khasi Prime Minister because if the Home Ministry says that it cannot include two languages ​​from one state in the same state. “It's time for the Garo Prime Minister to say, 'Introduce our language first, because if you look at our language, it has surpassed the Garo language,” he said.
I am talking about the people why nothing could be done.
Shillong, Naitung 25 : The Dy CM of Meghalaya, Prestone Tyngsong, has slammed Bernard Marak, MDC from Tura and Vice President of the BJP, for accusing the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Conrad K Sangma said that Bernard should know that it is not just because he is the Prime Minister or CM that he can send the police to shoot him. for he is not above the law, but the law is equal to all.
No applications will be accepted after the above date without valid reasons and they will lose their ration due to the misconduct of the Dorbar Shnongs.
Therefore, if the Puriskam Khasi can prove that there is a creature that can transform itself into forty shapes, it will be the greatest reward that the world has given to our Khasi people.
On the day of the first raid, a pickup truck coming from Silchar to Dawki was seized along with foreigners who were illegal immigrants.
In the letter, it was written that as the state will go to the general elections in 2023, all political parties, when holding public meetings or marches, must apply. permission.
“In this regard, the Chief Minister Nitish Kumar said that there will be strict punishment against those responsible for the incident.
But know that the world does not hate Christians, but it hates Jesus.
Other dignitaries who attended the ceremony included MLA Nyato Dukam, Lower Subansiri DC Bamin Nime, former Minister Padi Richo, former ACWA president Takam Padu; Chief Engineer of PWD – Dani Gambo, Director of Skill Development & Entrepreneurship – Subu Tabin, Managing Director of PHC, Contractor of NH-13 TAH – Puna Hinda and others.
The duty of the people begins after the election of those legislators and the political party with the most MLAs can be in government and rule for five years unless there is a the attempt to overthrow the government for any reason.
This program has encouraged the women to develop their talents in the field of shet ka tiew and especially to expand the cultivation of krai in their villages.
Nongkrem and Sohryngkham have 10 points each.
Of course it is not easy to start these businesses, you need an organization, you need training to learn, you need employees because you can't do any job alone, you need helpers and you need you don’t have money to pay salaries.
Sub-Inspectors – 8414806738/9436110184/8731025753 Email: sdo_amlarem@outlook.com.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Deputy Commissioner of North Garo Hills District SC Sadhu said that the bus carrying passengers who had just returned from Chennai was heading to Bagmara to drop off passengers from North Garo Hills. Garo Hills, East Garo Hills and South Garo Hills, have planted on the side of the road, at Dudnoi village.
On this occasion, Bah Tynsong said that the notices of summons are not sent by the Central Government or the State Government as this is the responsibility of the court.
They also urged the cooperation of all to eradicate drugs from the area.
Titosstarwell said that there is no CEM in the KHADC to lead until the end of the five years, but he urged Pynïaid to be vigilant and vigilant because of this threat of resignation. even cut.
On the 3rd of June, robbers threw a petrol bomb at Mawlai Police Station causing a police vehicle to collapse.
Assam Rifles in collaboration with the city police have arrested a man with more than 276 gm of heroin, worth T.1.1 crore in the foreign market, officials said. the police chief.
Nongbri Brothers won the match 4-2 and qualified for the final against Se Lajong FC. The MFCS 2022-23 between Se-Lajong FC and Nongbri Brothers FC will be announced later.
Good Friday is also the promise of Jesus Christ to those who believe and follow Him to give eternal salvation.
In a statement sent by Bah SB Marbah, President of the Circle and Assistant Education Secretary of the Seng Kmie, he said that these people have increased rapidly in these days in the area. not only from their annual births, but also from the migration of others from other places, who were relatives, friends and others.
Residential buildings are crowded and unventilated and breed many kinds of diseases that afflict people and cause life-shortening diseases.
However, he said the agreements between Hamas and Israel were not included in the Israeli agreement at this time.
Replacing the silencer of the motorcycle makes it sound better when driving on the road.
Shillong, July 8: Police of the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) have arrested two drug traffickers from Nongshilliang.
Jesus is the Lamb of God, he was sacrificed on the cross, he died, he rose again.
Five years we have been giving to the nations, but this year they will be the foundation for our future”.
Kharpran said the UCC was approved by the Rajya Sabha on November 9,
Thus, the excessive desire for wealth has brought suffering to many who are poor.
The incident of riots at the Punjabi residence in Shillong took place in June last year which led to a curfew for more than a month.
You are playing with the electoral public.
The injured were taken to Phulbari CHC and discharged after treatment.
Many urban schools have counselors or advisors who empower and explain how to cope with stress.
The Khasi villages that go to market in Garo Hills are Nongkabur, Nongjri, Nongumkap and others.
The same BJP leaders who accused the MDA 1.0 government of corruption boarded the MDA 2.0 bus and even the Prime Minister and the Home Minister came to confirm the bus.
Blue is the color of light and blue.
Shillong, Nailar 01: Congress MLAs and MDCs for the first time have had the opportunity to hold private talks with AICC Chairman Mukul Wasnik on their dissatisfaction with their leader. Dr Mukul Sangma today visited the capital.
The shopkeeper, Rani Marbaniang, said that the foreigner has not paid the rent for more than two years.
Regarding this issue, she said, “If the people of this area know how to plant this soh, it can be one of the sources of income, because this soh is It costs about 100 tyngka each.
Congress youths and women say the increase in petrol, diesel and kerosene prices has nothing to do with the Russia-Ukraine war as stated by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone. Tynsong.
He said that the responsible members of the AC are deeply concerned about the abuse of power and mushlia in relation to the powers of the AC and the violation of the rules and procedures under the NEHU Act. Statutes bad Ordinance.
In the case of the Khasi, whether we live in any part of the Khasi Hills or outside it, if we belong to the same Kur, we understand that we come from the same ancestry and cannot marry between the same Kur (exagamous). ) because we come from the same thymmei which the Khasi call the golden womb of the ȉawbei.
About 16 coal mines will be released by PSUs. Another major change includes the integration of e-auctions and the bidding of coal through a single e-auction window.
He also threatened to kill the child and threatened that if she did not believe what he said he would not pass the examination.
He also warned the man known as Synshar Khymdeit, saying that he should not hide.
There were allegations that Mann went to Parliament at a time when he was drunk and even to the Gurdwara.
Shillong, July 7: The Dorbar Shnong Mawlongbna has been angry over the allegation by Bah Markos Jeengap of Thyllaw Village, that the residents of Mawlongbna have kidnapped him to a forest. Klining Kharnaior said that the Dorbar Shnong strongly condemns such an allegation and said that it is only an attempt to defame the people of Mawlong.
Listening to the meeting, besides the condemnation of Aisail N Marak, the strongest condemnation went to the government officials, for their lack of attention to inspect and search for the Aisail N Marak. The village authorities have registered the land in the name of Aisail N Sangma.
Shillong, July 19: There is a question whether the government will declare Garo Hills as a disturbance area due to the increasing number of insurgents.
The Minister said that after the complaints of many people regarding the treatment of Covid-19 patients and after it was found that in many private hospitals, the treatment fees and The MHIS which the government has provided, cannot cover even half of the treatment costs in these hospitals and therefore, the minister said, “The payment of treatment costs for those suffering from Covid-1 MHIS pays only 60% and more than 40% has to be paid by the people. Therefore, the government has decided to increase the payment of medical treatment through MHIS in order to make it easier for the people. people who are infected with this disease"
Chief Election Commissioner Rajiv Kumar was accompanied by two Election Commissioners, Anup Chandra Pandey and Arun Goel. They will consult with the officers of the state, including the Chief Secretary, DGP, Chief Electoral Officer of the state, police and army chiefs who are here in the state, to give their views. how to conduct a smooth and orderly election, and especially in terms of the active participation of the people.
T 1, 65,80,000.
With respect to you participants, perhaps you will be happier, please leave the word *Sngewniam* and check the truth.
May our state be blessed with peace and stability only through the hard work of our government.
No one can stop it.
HANM Nongkhlaw Circle President KL Nongum, HANM Nongkhlaw Circle President Bobby Basaiawmoit, FKJGP Langrin President P Thongni, HANM Sengkmie President Lamphrang Kharbani and others benefited from the event. , Fishery Officer Mairang Civil Sub Division, Bah PS Tariang, explained the need to protect the fish and explained to the public that they should not kill the fish by throwing bombs or using drugs. .
The Rangbahshnong invites and requests to arrive as soon as possible.
Shillong, Naitung 17 : The Jaiaw Laitdom Dorbar Shnong on Monday 17th November 2023 has awarded the Gold Medal to Damebanmerbha S.Blah who won the Gold Medal in the India Open International Karate Tournament. Championship 2023 which will be held in New Delhi from 17 to 18 July
Jowai: The BSF have seized 70 cows from Hawaitilla, Muktapur area of ​​West Jaintia Hills district.
Man United have announced in November that the club's top executive committee has unveiled another approach to strengthen the club. other; that is, by offering it as one of the ways she has chosen after she has held the meeting.
KSU South West Khasi Hills Organizing Secretary Bah Marcony Thongni said that the government should allow the officers to do their jobs. .
This is a dangerous philosophy.
Shillong, Naitung 3: The Syiem of Raid Marwet, Ri-Bhoi District, on Tuesday said that according to reports, the Syiem of Raid Marwet, Ri-Bhoi District, has been selling land. only the accusations of a few.
Musk, 50, has six children from two ex-wives, one of whom died and has given birth to three children, including actress Talulah Riley.
The US military has discovered a new technology in recent days and that is to shoot dead a person involved in terrorist activities, just by observing the movement of his blood vessels.
On the opening day of the tournament, Umrynjah Youth Club beat Syllaikariah Youth Club 2-0
Pondicherry scored 69/6 wickets for 13 runs for the loss of three wickets in 32.3 overs but Pondicherry managed to score 45 runs for the loss of wickets. Meghalaya won the toss and elected to bat first and won by four wickets.
He gathered farmers, day laborers and others to fight for the building of heaven here on earth.
He also reminded that the Mawsynram Community and Rural Development (C&RD) is one of the oldest C&RDs and now needs to be upgraded to a Civil Sub Division.
He said that for the first time, no one has been injected and for the second time, there are many who have not been injected for various reasons.
She said that the decision was taken by the High Command although from the state, they have sent a message to withdraw their support from the government.
“I don't agree to act in my own film and I have only one goal and that is to get married to Salman,” she said.
Members of the ruling party said that the Chairman should conduct the election for the new Lamphang.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah LW Nongpluh said that to avoid accidents is not only for the drivers but also for the people.
Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MDC Mylliem Constituency, said that to prevent the smuggling of coal trucks, the KHADC should write to the state government to allow them to carry more than 9 tonnes of coal. , because the vehicles now should not carry 9 tons but carry four or five tons.
One 7-year-old in Boro Ryngku and one 12-year-old in Betgora A. Three persons from one household have lost their lives in the landslide in Garo Hills. the earth shall not be mountainous.
TRH in Assam (from 26.01.1950 to 20.01.1972) The refusal of the Khasi States to be in Assam has caused a lot of trouble for the children of Hynniewtrep, and the signs of it appear in another country. On 27.06.1952, the students, after careful consideration, decided to hold a Black Flag Demonstration.
She said the benefits of the employees will come forward when the government contracts with the company to run EMRI 108 such as leave, benefits and salary.
Many of these allegations happen from time to time from outsiders and this is like a threat,” said Desmond KL Mawlong, Vice President UDP Youth Wing, Shillong City.
Senior government officials said that all the money has been borne by the central government.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the objective of the Swachh Bharat Mission (Grameen), an implementation initiative launched by the Government of India, is to achieve all villages on the ODF Plus list or villages that have been freed from illegal immigration.
Friends, what I mean is that when we talk about the anxiety of poverty, we see that such anxiety does not only affect those who are the poorest of the poor, but it also affects even to the rich because the life of a person is the richer he wants more and more, and this anxiety of poverty does not only work in the life of an individual, it also works in the family. and what is more surprising to know that this poverty works even in the authorities or in the government, we hear from time to time the complaints of the authorities, whether it is The Government of Meghalaya is now worried about the amount of money especially at this time to fight against Corona Virus. They also worry, how much more for us who are poor and don't get enough income, especially in these days of unemployment, how much more for us that this worry works better, ho, In fact, many families can say that it is because of this anxiety that causes divisions in the home.
Officials present included Bah KW Marbaniang, Secretary, Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Addison Dkhar, DHS (MI), Dr. R. Wankhar, DHS (Research), Dr. R. Nongbet, President, MMSA. Shillong, June 6: Wahlhuh, one of the villages in Laitryngew, has received its own Iingdong, which was inaugurated by Dr. PW Khongjee, former MLA. Sohra on the 2nd June, 2015 in the presence of the elders, women, children, elders of the village including the village headmen.
The Minister said she was pleased that the police had reported the truth in relation to the Nongmensong youths, she said.
which means that the Word of God clearly states that in the midst of those destructions or destruction of Nineveh, all the people who live in this city will experience the troubles and sufferings of the people. suffering because when God destroys this city he will destroy it by the sword, so at that time God promises that He is a good God, and He is the stronghold or he is the place where there is a stronghold to protect or our refuge for those who are suffering, and he says more and more that even in the midst of those sufferings, he knows us. or he knows those who trust in him.
The Jubilee celebration started on 1st March
Shillong: There will be a 12 hour prayer convened by STIEH from 7 pm to 7 pm at the Dorbar Hall of Mission Compound Shillong today.
I don't know much about this but when I read it makes me think how the government says that it is prohibited from foreigners in the villages, while every day it still allows them to come to our state.
He urged the residents to take care of their vehicles and use them properly for the benefit of the community.
They said that they want to return to their home state and no longer stay in Delhi, but for now they have to stay until the end of the World Food India program until the 5th of this month. November 2023.
But they didn't have that spirit of compassion or pity for their son.
Referring to the empowerment of women, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, “Our goal is to empower 2 crore women to become Lakhpatis among women in the world. this country.
In April this year, the Meghalaya Police were stoned and shot with bird's nest at the same place.
Therefore, in the mindset of the Central Government led by the Prime Minister of India, it may be difficult to achieve this task in order to promote that patriotic spirit.
“I mean, I mean, let Rida come to the market from time to time...” said Niakha. “Yes, tell me when you need her to come.
EKH – 21 (6 Others, 2 AF, 13 BSF)R-Bhoi – 5 (AF)WJH – 2 (Others).
Shillong, Lber 7: Peace and order has been maintained in the state for the past 10 years. All the special days of the country have been celebrated by “The peace and conduct of the district council elections has been going smoothly despite the shortage of police,” said the Governor of Meghalaya, KK Paul, while speaking at the opening ceremony of the Budget Session.
Mathura: The Uttar Pradesh government has started installing sick cow vehicles, said Laxmi Narayan Chaudhary, Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, today.
When Caesar saw that Brutus was involved in his execution, he asked him in Latin: "Et, tu, Brute?" These terms are popular and are often used for partners who later turn out to be traitors.
After the meeting with the DC, Najiar said that as the Maxwelton Estate falls under the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) and is subject to the rules of the Municipal, therefore, it is impossible to keep livestock.
In this regard, Bah CB Syiem, Rangbah Shnong of Umbuda, said that the Dorbar Shnong Umbuda has expressed its anger over the delay of the state government in relation to this project. “The government's suspension of this housing project has created an opportunity for criminals and has turned into a camp of criminals which has put even the village authorities at risk. “Look and see,” said Bah CB Syiem.
However, unfortunately, the destroyers of the environment who have no knowledge of their fellow human beings, have burnt to destroy the hard work of the farmers which has been a loss to the farmers and the hard work has been lost.
The President of the MPYC said that the price of petrol in the market is now $50 per liter but the petrol companies here have increased the price of petrol by T.2.58 tyngka and diesel by T.2.26 tyngka. in the middle of the day.
Process said the Congress party accepts the demand of the political parties to hold a special session to take a resolution to implement the ILP in Meghalaya. .
The Minister in charge of Agriculture, N Cheluvarayaswamy, told reporters that a thorough inspection has been conducted on the crops across the state. They have been ordered to submit a report on this by the 30th of July.
Conrad K Sangma said that since Dr. Sailo was infected with the corona virus, about 140 people have been registered as primary contacts and 4775 people have been contacted. kidei key (secondary contact).
It also said that it will stop the quarrying and transportation of stone in these areas from Killing Road to Umduba from 30th July
“At these meetings, on behalf of the Sengbhalang, we have suggested that the demarcation should be according to the truth of history according to the situation of the state and to listen to the voice of the District Councils. “The Hima and the residents of this area, but as time went by, there was a dissatisfaction with this decision of the government,” he added.
It was until he had slaughtered the cow that he died and went to sleep.
Babu Shanpru also turned his back on education when they were under the jurisdiction of the Assam University and the current education system is declining, although at that time the seven states of the Eastern Region. In the east, they are still under the jurisdiction of the Assam University, but students from the state themselves have achieved honors in some subjects.
The seriously injured were taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong while the seriously injured were treated.
Later, BSF troops arrested 13 Bangladeshis who had smuggled through the border near Dangar village, East Khasi Hills.
The Deputy Commissioners of Assam and Mizoram will meet once every two months to monitor the situation in the border areas and another meeting between Assam and Mizoram will be held in April. in Guwahati.
Doctors and staff of the largest hospital in Gaza were reportedly in shock as Israeli troops surrounded the hospital.
Shillong, March 24 : The Sohkha Sports Club (SSESC) on Monday 24-10-2022) held a Charitable Football Friendly Match between the MSA Team, Shillong under the leadership of Bah DP Wahang. The Chief Secretary of the State Government and Sohkha Shnong Everlasting Sports Club, and the match was a draw by two goals each.
Last month, the nar bridge at Dwar Ksuid has been damaged and no vehicles can pass through the bridge. kdiah noh, but in a short time the bridge was repaired and it was again possible for heavy vehicles to pass through the bridge.
In the tie-breaker, Eastern Pirate beat Spain SC 4-3
On this occasion, the Minister also launched a commemorative stamp for this sword.
In the U-17 women's category, Sati Raja Memorial Secondary School defeated St. Vianey's Secondary School. to 2-0 goal.
Conrad said that for Class-I to Class-V, there will be a translation of those textbooks into the mother tongue as there are schools where the teaching method is in the mother tongue.
LUKE 14:15Jer 30:5, Dan 12:1, Matt 24:21-29This note encourages Christian churches from the city to go to the countryside. the light of the Gospel of Jesus Christ has not yet taken root.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 211 new cases have been confirmed and 1839 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
The tournament will be organized by the Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy.
The Union also alleged that these reasons have led to the decline of the state in terms of economic development and income.
Leaders of the CCIB led by Bah S Myrchiang Chairman and Bah K Myrchiang Secretary briefed the Prime Minister on the problems faced by the people due to the lack of settlement of the border between India and Bangladesh.
He urged to be clean, to use a mask when sleeping and to have a blood test if we feel fever to know our health.
One company, which used to build people's homes, sympathized with the workers with pan poh, gave them cow dung and fed them with insects, because they didn't can do their job well.
Although it was a great day for the state because of its 50th anniversary, the Chief Minister of the state did not have the opportunity to attend the ceremony which was held at Madan Polo. to take part in the program from home through the means of transportation.
This market now looks like a luri lura market because there are many Khar who have been sitting on the ground along the road.
This came after the leaders did not agree to change the ticketing of the candidates within 24 hours.
the rise and the fall without end.
Former RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said that the resignation of Urjit Patel, Governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), is a matter of concern for every Indian. , have strongly opposed the Narendra Modi government over the resignation of Patel, 55, because there is a difference of opinion between the RBI and the Indian government.
At this meeting, it was proposed to introduce the Meghalaya Profession Tax.
The KSU demands that the district authorities should immediately expel the AMD employees and not allow them to mine uranium in Domiasiat and Mawthabah if the current district authorities are not agents of UCIL. The KSU said that it strongly opposes the introduction of machines in Mawkyrwat and which has been discussed through the PHE department of the district.
Looking at West Khasi Hills District, perhaps this Christmas game and dressing up as JUHE is no longer new and many have seen and known it well because not only in Nongpyndeng but there are many villages in WKH which play such games. These games have been played for many years but some villages have stopped and some are still going on.
“We have surrendered ourselves not because we are involved in this charge, but to avoid being arrested by the police and we want to act according to the law and we are citizens who follow the law,” he said. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Agnes.
The prizes were awarded by Mr. Andrico Rymbai Advisor of EJHDFA and Mr. Joshua Sajem, Vice President of EJHDFA in the presence of Mr. James Sutnga. Association.
Although the exact information has not been released, according to the information of these youths, this happened on Thursday night when there was a collision between a Khasi vehicle. suddenly foreigners from Keating Road who said they should not come to their village.
Shillong, March 30: The North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) Tura campus has introduced four new subjects recently.
Earlier this month, Parul also broke the country's 5000m steeplechase record in Los Angeles and followed it up with a victory in the 3000m steeplechase in Track Night NYC 2023 Athletics meet  in New York.
According to Bah Mangkashang, this is a plot by the Muslims from Bangladesh to invade the country because of the lack of family, until they are taken advantage of by the authorities.
Speaking to media, the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who is also the spokesperson of the MDA government, said that the state government is still waiting for the confirmation from the the office of the President of the country on this.
When asked about the upcoming elections, one of the employees said, “It is better that we don't vote anymore because the leaders promise to do good deeds, but when it comes time they don't show anything.
Babu Kular Khongjirem is an Asst Teacher at KJP Girls' High Sec School, Mawkhar, Shillong.
I am not lying but people have seen from the live telecast that they are the border guards.
Therefore, if the government feels the need for the people of the district to have peace and security in all aspects, it should implement this task.
Even in Jowai, no salonsar has been accepted because there are no scripts in use for almost 400 years since the inheritance of Thomas Jones.
“In the age of the internet, we can see all over the world,” said the father.
Gaurav and Macdonald encouraged Ri-Bhoi District to lose five wickets for 43 runs in 11.3 overs. to score 186 runs to win.
Meanwhile, Maikhuli village which the Meghalaya government has handed over to the Assam government without the consent of the residents especially the Meghalaya government has handed over to Assam the fish pond which is the source of income for the village to pay the salaries of the teachers. Neither the Syiem Raid Marwet nor the District Council is aware of the donation by the Meghalaya government to Assam.
Teachers have the power to walk and have the ability to shape the minds of the children,” he added.
The main purpose of the establishment of this organization is to monitor and evaluate the management of schools through the education of children in the state especially in relation to private schools which are the cause. bah to the bun.
The closure of liquor shops in the state will also affect the revenue of the state government from these liquor shops which line up on all the highways in the state.
He said that the chief guest on this occasion will be the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma and others.
In a recent study by the Tata Memorial Hospital, they took two groups to compare one group who went for check-up once a year with another group who didn't. There are more deaths from the disease in those over 50 years of age than in other groups.
Dr.M Marbaniang said that the admission of one person to NEIGRIHMS is because he used to travel around India especially in Delhi and it is the duty of the hospital to check. paint the screen.
When people with a lot of money come out to contest elections, they have already prepared a lot of khwai and shana how to deceive the people.
The truck, with Haryana number plate, was seized by the traffic police on the GT Karnal highway on Tuesday evening.
All these cows were owned by a private person who is not a farmer, but his responsibility is only to smuggle them. Bangladesh.
“If you look at Kiang Nangbah Government College, it has become like a market with many students and we have to split with the morning shift.
The Kur Lamare Jaintia Hills (KLJP) is deeply saddened by the killing of Rinal Lamare (64) of Barato village, West Jaintia Hills on the 3rd of this month.
The following are the issues raised by the MDCs on the issue of corruption:Pyniaid Sing Syiem: This has disgraced not only the MDCs but also the employees who have worked hard for the Council, the EC why not? know? What are you doing?
The announcement was made by the MLA of the area, Bah TW Chyne at a meeting held today at the village in the presence of the BDO of Khatar Shnong-Laitkroh Kong E Warjri and the elders of the village.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The AITC MLA from Mawsynram Constituency, Bah Himalaya M Shangpliang on Tuesday questioned the government's inability to implement the demands of the SSA teachers. before the government four years ago.
After the introduction of the office bearers and members, the Charter was read out by the President.
He said that according to the CCTV footage, at 5:30 pm on the 11th of this month, Bah Rishad Singh tried to get into the car but he did not get into it and since then he has not seen him. he.
These students have recently passed the matric examination 2021-2022, have received 1st division and have been living in Nongstoiñ for more than 10 years.
The office bearers of the Mawrathud Unit include Peter Wanphang as President, Toris Shadap as Vice President and Redington Shadap as General Secretary.
Similarly, for the second group, the Minister said that T.1 lakh will be provided by the government and the rest should be paid or returned by the beneficiaries without interest.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) today announced that the MP elections to the Lok Sabha will be held from 19th June to 1st July 2024 and the results of the winners will be announced on the 4th. The first round will start on 19th June 2024 followed by the second and third rounds on 26th June and 7th June and the ninth round on 1st July. 2024.
Earlier, speeches were delivered by the Minister of Information Technology, Ampareen Lyngdoh, in the presence of the Commissioner & Secretary, IT, Donald P Wahlang, and Deputy Commissioner, Peter S Dkhar.
The office of the DSEO should take action against such a school.
However, as a visionary and as a candidate of the party, she will focus on the goal of reaping the fruits of victory.
According to a statement, the BSF said that the stolen goods were seized from the border of East Khasi Hills, but did not disclose the location of the incident.
When you eat a bad food, the smell lasts only for minutes and the smell ties every moment and your health deteriorates.
The Office of the Superintending Engineer PHE Western Circle Nongstoiñ Cum Member Secretary District Water & Sanitation Mission (JJM) on the morning of 23rd October 2023 celebrated a special day for the conservation of water World Water Day 2023 by holding a marathon on the theme 'Accelerating Change'
Shillong, Lber 31: A Home Guard Policeman has refused to accept the offer of money from two persons riding on a motorcycle number AS-11-P-6 Drugs worth T.12 lakh were also seized.
Ladrymbai Out Post, East Jaintia Hills Police on Saturday held a meeting with the Waheh Shnongs of Ladrymbai OP to curb the crime. They discussed five issues including Law and Order, the problem on the India-Bangladesh border, the threat of drug trafficking and drug trafficking in the most remote villages in East Jaintia Hills District. , child marriage and renting a house without verifying the documents of the tenant.
The Deputy Commissioner has warned that anyone found using changed number plates will be punished according to the law including the suspension of the driver's licence.
Since then, India has received more vaccines including Sputnik V and has been approved to use the Moderna vaccine.
If you can't find it, you can talk to Bah Pynshngain.
The introduction of the Kokborok language is linked to the introduction of the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) in the Lok Sabha, where the CAB laws have been released from the border areas. the distribution of District Councils in Tripura.
Shillong, Lber 18 : U Symbud Myntri Rangbah and National General Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP), Sniawbhalang Dhar today slammed the Voice of the People Party (VPP) for making unfounded allegations against the government. MDA is not corrupt.
The union had planned to celebrate it on the 3rd of June but as it is the school holiday and it coincides with the school day of the children, the union has joined together today as it is a holiday for the children. “Easter Monday” as a sign of donation to the children, added Hah Donbok.
On the other hand, the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri said, “I stand here before you as the Minister of Sports, with a strong spirit to see the beginning of the The 5th Meghalaya Games, which was prepared for, came from the collaboration of all government departments, volunteers and athletes. the whole State.
Replying to a question on the demand of the Congress party that the Minister of Power should resign from the Ministry of Power, as he could cause trouble to the investigation teams, James said that he did not understand why such a question would arise to interrupt the investigation into this matter.
Shillong, November 10: The village of Nongdom Mawphliang has been in darkness for about six months due to the failure of MeCEL to repair the transformer in the village.
Know that Mahatma Gandhi was a fighter to escape from the powers of the French. Tirot Singh Syiem until his death in prison (recently celebrated his death anniversary on 17th November 1833) and Woh Kiang Nangbah at Iaw Musiang (whom we will lay flowers on 30th November) 30 November 1862); He said that the road from Calcutta to Dacca was covered with blood when two brothers of different religions, one Hindu and one Muslim, killed each other.
The total number of recoveries today has risen to 6,4
They have lodged a complaint with the CEM of KHADC and the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills requesting them to stop the auction of the land of the village to the state government by the Sordar alone. the knowledge and approval of the public assembly.
Sanjay Sharma, a Pandit of Kashmir, who worked as a security guard at an ATM, was shot dead by suspected militants in Achan area of ​​Pulwama district. towards Northern Kashmir on 26th June.
they bought the vote.
He said that the power outage will be in such a way that some areas will not be affected during some parts of the day taking into account the weather conditions, programs and others. -other.
As is known, Meghalaya is an English-speaking state, English-taught and no schools have taught Hindi since ancient times except in the last few years when Hindi was introduced. in schools but that also depends on the wishes of the children.
Cars were parked all the way, leaving no room for the public, especially school children, to walk.
On Saturday last month, he visited the area together with the village leaders and the War Jaintia Youth Council and found that the deterioration of the road is very bad. besides the snow.
The reason is not because they don't know the rules of driving but because of their pride.
Shillong:: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has strongly opposed the appointment of two leaders of the Non Tribal Youth Union (NTYU) by the government.
The equipment seized from the coal mines includes two motorized and two manual water pumps, two fans, two batteries, 7 mohkhiew, one quarry, one tyrnem, 100 electrical wires and 100 meters of water supply.
The joining of the residents of Khliehtyrshi to the UDP has encouraged the party even though it is the first meeting convened by the party today.
“This decision was strongly opposed by the Forum at the meeting, as Block-1 will be moved to Karbi Anglong, Assam.
Police have conducted investigation and taken the bodies to Shillong Civil Hospital for post mortem.
This means that if other parties join and cross 32 or 33 members, a government cannot be formed, that is, it is a monarchy and not a democracy.
When asked about development works in the state, Bah Kharkhrang said, “If the state government cannot pay the salaries of teachers in the state for three months just because of the delay in sending the budget from the central government, so these teachers have to take to the streets and sleep on the streets.
A Facebook investigation has found that Trump is involved in inciting violence and riots.
The traffic jam has caused inconvenience to the passengers and the traffic jam has reached a nightmare where no signs of improvement have been seen.
He said that the fixing of the stone with trees is temporary and that the stone will never fall.
Shillong, March 5: Hundreds of people have attended the rally of former MLA Bah Nit Shabong at Mawmaram Square today.
The Mawlai Sports Club (SSA) has defeated Laitkor SC in the final of the Women's Football League 2021-22 at the MFA Turf. Third Ground, Polo on Thursday.
There should be no arrest or release, but a search operation should be conducted until the source of the drugs is found.
In the complaint, VPP spokesperson Batskhem Myrboh said, “The allegation by NPP leader Pyniaid Sing Syiem that VPP supporters are involved in disrupting the NPP meeting is false. base.
In the complaint, the Junior Engineer (PHE) RWS said that these pipes were used to supply drinking water to two villages from Chimasora to Maheskhola in South West Khasi Hills. Hills District, was arrested on the 25th of June.
Speaking at the meeting, Sangma congratulated the school for achieving this milestone and said that it was the vision of the founding members, the dedication and hard work of the former and current teachers. members of the Managing Committee which has established the school as it is today.
U Bah WR Kharkrang explained on how to protect the environment and the surrounding area by avoiding the spread of plastic and other damaged goods which can block the water tanks on the roads. bad canals.
On the occasion, the Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Kur, Bah Herman Nongrum, said that he could not fulfill the wish of his friend who passed away in the tournament which included Bah Bindo M Lanong. To console the soul of Bah Herman Nongrum, Bah Spiton Kharakor said that the soul of Bah B Nishan Wahlang is still alive. he went on to investigate the Khasi calendar until he found the right day to celebrate the New Year.
On these issues, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tyngsong said that the Sakwang Presbyterian Church together with the authorities of Sakwang Village have already submitted a memorandum. ) in 2019 to inform the needs of the roads in the village.
In our age, many of these items are in the form of use and throw items that cannot be reused or recycled.
“We will give the District Council only one month to close these gates, and if they cannot do so, we will send a complaint to the Deputy Commissioner's office or to the Deputy Commissioner. Chief Secretary “If the government authorities cannot stop it, the party is ready to stop it”.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner and Chairman of the District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA) of East Khasi Hills District have warned the public that there is a possibility of rain, thunderstorms and heavy rain on the 4th and date of January.
Shillong, Jymmang 12 : The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Friday met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to request him to take action against the land grabbing of the Khasi in Manipur.
Speaking on the shortcomings he sees, he like other candidates who have come forward to contest the election, has pointed out the unemployment of the youth in the state.
Jain, who has been the Acting DGP since 2009, took over as Acting DGP this evening after the retirement of DGP Rajiv Mehta.
The RBYDSO also aims to provide special assistance with agricultural equipment to the farmers in Ri-Bhoi, as a promotion or to encourage the farmers to improve in the field of agriculture, which is also one of the lad get you get jam.
The Oregon Grizzlys defeated Unique Sports Club 48-32.
It is worth mentioning that the Tyrna people came to settle in this village because of the terrible damage to the Tyrnarim village where they used to live due to the Jumaibah of 1897 which the village also held a lyngkhuh. anniversary of the migration to this new community.
It is also necessary for the District Council authorities, in consultation with the Government under the DCA Department, to build roads and canals around the border of Meghalaya and Assam, to clearly recognize the boundary.
The Riewlum tried to intimidate Prime Minister Nehru, and often went to Delhi to negotiate for the Hill State.
Speaking to media on 14th March 2021 at Nongpoh, Bah Sumarlang Swer, President of the UDP Youth Wing, in the presence of UDP Youth Wing member B Kharmawphlang, The support of the people of Mawphlang Constituency to support Samla Eugeneson without listening to anyone's discouraging comments.
The truth about the deceased was found through her Aadhar number.
The question, therefore, is, when the Congress leaders have been in power, what have they done on the resolution of the most important issues, such as the inter state boundary of the Khasi-Garo language to be recognized within the Khasi-Garo language? Schedule-8 (Eight Schedule), the ILP and other development projects in the State, such as the Mining Act, when the State has abundant coal, oil and others.
However, in the face of the distribution and expenditure of money during the elections, these problems and shortcomings have disappeared and there is no need to solve them.
The Additional Chief Secretary in-charge of the Education Department, Donald P Wahlang, on Tuesday said that the extension of the school fees for the academic session 2021-2 10th November 2021, for pre-primary children and for classes 1 to 12th until 25th June
Police said that the child sent the message to this number and after that the police immediately rushed to the scene to arrest the robbers as told by the child.
Therefore, the public is requested to complain to the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District or phone the Toll Office if they find that the dealers do not sell at the price or kg. free No.1697, lane to the District Grievances Officer of East Jaintia Hills District.
I don't know,” replied Bhalang.
Where will they go, where will they come, how will they recover from their illnesses and where will their resting place be especially for those whom God is still able to live.
Shillong: The Meghalaya State Planning Board (MPB) has taken a step to fight against plastic by using plastic bags at the Shyllong Market, Laitumkhrah.
He said the government has created districts, sub-divisions, blocks and police stations in the state but all these are still shynrong without anything.
About 100 children participated in the experiment.
John Wick, is a successful robber, who has resumed his retirement from his job.
He said that Biolinda Lyngdoh Nonglait has joined the NPP because the HSPDP has rejected her and urged the people to vote for Biolinda Lyngdoh Nonglait. She has been educated, responsible and fully qualified to be a leader, as the new MLA of Mawthadraishan Constituency.
Punjab beat Mohun Bagan 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament in Kolkata on July
Shillong: Police have seized a small truck carrying coal (ML-06-4220) at 4 pm this morning. in Umiam (RB).
The police officer was arrested today from his residence in Golflink.
They demanded that MUDA should not interfere or block the needs of the people such as water supply and electricity supply to any household.
Then he spread all over the world.
The Waheh Shnong expressed his gratitude to this young man who came forward to celebrate his birthday by donating and helping the poor.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Sonia Gandhi have handed over 10 Aadhaar cards for the first time in a village in Maharashtra, Tembhli.
Therefore, to support farmers in these activities, new measures have been announced to provide subsidies to local entrepreneurs in the breeding of cattle, muid, goats, sheep, pigs and chicken farms.
The children were very excited to receive this book and the parents also bought this book for their children.
“If the government sends us to the Assam border and to any place to fight, we are ready to do so because we are already in office,” said Divenson Diengdoh.
After being elected, these MLAs (except Bah H.E.Pohshna) resigned.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 2 cases of high risk.
Umsning MLA Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong Umsning Proper B, Samla Charles Kylla President Samla Samla, Marcus Marten President HNYF Northern Region and Bah James were also present to welcome the programme. KSU NKHD General Secretary Pastor David Jamir, Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Umsning Police Station, Seng Longkmie and others along with 16 youths who were honored at the ceremony. day.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah George promised that if he wins again, he will continue to work for the development of the constituency as well as for the state as a whole.
In the second half after the break, the match became more intense with the presence of the fans of both the teams.
The tournament was held as part of the 50th Anniversary of the Association's service to promote sports in the District.
This time, the children of the Raid have brought up to 9 rot to Aitnar from Chyrmang and Iongnoh villages after breaking them at Aitnar.
On this occasion, the BDO also donated 10,000 tyngka as a sign of his participation in the celebration of the Silver Jubilee.
He said that the presence of an Airtel tower in the area does not make sense, as the people expect because on that day the people can use only 1 hour or 2 hours.
On the other hand, the Church requests all the members of the Church to attend the celebration of the Jubilee.
Robert said the lack of push from the people has encouraged politicians to make money without grounds.
What is needed as a family in the sight of God can be understood as a group that is responsible for all the needs and in which all these things come together.
Police said the woman was wearing a nurqa, which covered her face and body.
Shillong, July 23: Many of the traditional Khasi songs which used to be performed in different villages and townships of the Khasi Hills have begun to disappear with the passage of time.
There were people who saw the fire in the shop, so they immediately alerted the Fire Brigade and the Fire Brigade quickly arrived inside the premises, which led to the They said that they could extinguish the fire which tried to spread to other nearby shops.
Until next November or July, I still have the authority to recruit for the post of finance officer, university engineers and also for the post of registrar of the university,” said the VC of the university.
The KSU has expressed its surprise that these Coke Factories have been allowed to appear as tits.
Hundreds of trucks and small vehicles pass through this road especially trucks carrying food items and trucks carrying mawramsong.
In the 2018 elections, the ZPM won 8 MLAs. However, this time, the ZPM has won 27 constituencies and Lalduhoma as the leader is ready to take over as MLA. The new Chief Minister of Mizoram.
Shillong: U Shembhalang L Chyne, one of the BJP leaders in Shella constituency, has left the BJP and joined the PDF. The meeting was held at Saitsohpen, Sohra in the presence of PDF Shella President Leston Wanswett.
He said that it has been taught in the state that when there are meetings of the people, they should speak in a language that everyone can understand.
Adelia Fedelia Lyngkhoi took two wickets for West Khasi Hills.
In a statement, the UDP is deeply saddened, sorrowful and angry to see these insults and criticism from the Congress leader in which he accused the youth of nations are and are like armed rebels.
" He replied.
Nidaroi Mulieh of Mulang Ïalong won the title of Man of the Match and Player of the Tournament. Riphi O Shylla of 7Wasa FC, who has scored six goals in the tournament.
Shortly after, sources learned that Sonia Gandhi may send a CLP meeting to Delhi to see for herself whom the Congress party trusts to take as its leader.
Through this culture, it opens the door for ethnic groups to promote peace and harmony in society.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today visited the HSPDP leader. It may be recalled that Bah Hoping has been MLA of Nongstoiñ for 11 terms (55 years). 7 terms which means 35 years and he has been an MP for 10 terms (five years).
Therefore, the union immediately went to demolish these houses at Lum Survey.
The 75 feet tall statue of Hanuman is located at Shukratal, on the banks of the Ganga River.
There have been many writings about this hero, which have encouraged researchers to write about his work and life, in the form of books and articles.
The Samajwadi Party has accused Sakshi of unpleasant remarks which it said were aimed at creating differences and divisions among the communities.
Ma Nujorki Sungoh admitted that he has received the most road construction projects from all his fellow MLAs of Jaintia Hills.
Regarding the number of foreigners who sell land in the market without proper documents, Bah Titostarwell Chyne said that everyone has to take responsibility, the Hima. Mylliem, ministers and the enforcement department of the council as well.
“The economy of the Khasi-Pnar people in the past decade has increased significantly since the establishment and opening of the capital of Assam-East Bengal in Shillong. in the year
The scheme has been implemented by the Central Government until 2025-2
“We demand from the center in charge not to extend his term after the 23rd,” said Prof XP Mao, Chairman of JAC and President of NEHUTA. The North Eastern Hill University (NYU) has been ordered to close down after a son of an employee of the building tested positive for COVID-1
Many of our old Khasi customs have been rejected by the nation with the passage of time.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The SKKST will hold a meeting on the 23rd of this month at 10:00 am at the Sein Headquarters in Tuber Kmaishnong for the General Report and to renew the office bearers of the Sein for the term 2014-1
The men's and women's football teams from two districts of Jaintia Hills, East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills have left the district to participate in the 5th Meghalaya Games to be held at Tura from 15-20 July.
Khliehriat, March 31 : The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District and the District Sport Officer today held a celebration of Rashtriya Ekta Diwas. More than 100 people, including men and women, took part in the Run For Unity.
About 81000 candidates took the first examination, and about 46000 passed and were invited to take the second (Main) examination
They can also appear in the form of merchants, companies and merchants who exploit and enslave workers; who destroy forests, farmland and destroy the environment.
According to the initiative of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and under the leadership of Defense Minister Amit Shah, the Central Government has signed a social agreement with the armed groups in the North East since to end terrorism and promote economic development.
It is a song that calls for the good, the awareness of society and the protection of the nation.
“When asked whether the government's implementation of the roster system as it is now is for the benefit of only one ethnic group, he said, “There is no such desire to benefit any ethnic group. “In fact, from the first day of the implementation of the reservation policy, the roster should have been implemented,” he said.
When asked whether the residents are reluctant to provide land for the construction of a garbage dump because they have witnessed what happened in Marten, the Minister said, “The residents should provide land for such activities. We need to take responsibility for the good of the state, because if there are such oppositions, it is you and I who will suffer.
He said that the reason for his decision to contest the upcoming elections is because of the backwardness of the Mawhati Constituency which is due to the lack of leaders who are responsible for the task. Prof MN Majaw, the first MLA of Mawhati Constituency, SR Moksha, PW Muktieh, Donbok Khymdeit and JK Dorphang. The current MLA is Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare.
Nongstoin, Lber 03: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Riwiang Area Unit under the leadership of Samla Biangboy Sangriang today met with the head of the Nar Rod Company in Riwiang. The Union of Village Sordars of Riwiang Area (SSSAR) on many of the problems faced by the village and the area due to the company.
You know how many people you live, but you don't know how many people you're looking for, you're looking for someone who's looking for you, you're looking for a person who's looking for a thwsum...you're not looking for a kiwi. you enter the room and how many members of the household,,,, yo wyrai phi ki, khut you wow come to you, don't call if you understand that you don't have to come to the house .
St Paul Marbisu Higher Secondary School, Marbisu has received T.45 lakh from the government for the construction of a new stone building. The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the MLA of the area have already announced this in the state government. The annual meeting of the old and new students of the school was held on Tuesday as part of the preparations for the 75th anniversary of the school.
Jowai, July 27: A fire broke out in Ladrymbai on the road leading to Rymbai village on the occasion of Republic Day. the two to three homes in the area even if no one is injured.
“I urge the Minister of Education of Meghalaya to request the North Eastern Hill University to give more time to the students who have not yet completed their examinations,” said Bernard M. Marak. In a letter to the Minister of Education, Meghalaya, Rakkam A. Sangma.
This was announced by the Chief Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya.
PM-AJAY is a scheme funded by the Central Government and combines three old Central Government schemes namely – (i) Adarsh ​​Gram Component of the Pradhan Mantri Adarsh ​​Gram Yojana; 11500 more villages have joined this in 2022-23; 4351 villages have been identified as Adarsh ​​Grams (ii) Special Central Assistance to Scheduled Castes Sub Plan (SCA to SCSP); the assistance is T.50,000 or 50% of the cost of living whichever is less, for each beneficiary or household; (iii) Hostel portion (former Babu Jagjivan Ram Chhatrawas Yojana (BJRCY); The allocation for the PM-AJAY scheme for the year 2023-24 is T.2050.00 crore.
It is to be recalled that the management of St. Anthony's College, Shillong on 29th November 2023, has issued a directive to the students, that this year the students of this college should not wear no uniform.
Meanwhile, the Maruti was heading to Mawsiang Nongshken, Pynursla.
The MMDR Act, if implemented properly, will not allow this,” he said.
The day was also enriched by fish competitions, volleyball, tyllai and others. Besides the competition to promote fish farming, awards were also distributed to 11 fish farmers from 11 fish farmers. districts of the state which have played a major role in the development of fisheries in the state.
Police on Tuesday morning recovered the body of an elderly man from Wah Umiam near Umroi Nongrah, Ri Bhoi District.
This is according to a statement sent by the Vice President of the HYC Shella Area Unit.
Damian War, Organizing Secretary of FKJGP, urged the government to investigate those involved in the burning of the houses and urged the government to find ways and means to bring peace and stability so that the residents of Khanduli they shall go and plant and sow.
Mr. Gigur Myrthong, MDC and MLA of Mawshynrut.
Phrangki Dhar scored the first goal for Luti Tuber Ïalong in the 41st minute.
Kong Lumspah cried sadly and so did her children who were at home.
The award for the best restaurant in the state was received by Bah Balawanpynskhem Suting, also known as Bah Richie for the Aiti Belti Trattoria from Khyndailad, Shillong on 1st November, 2023 in Delhi.
According to Ardent, it is understood that he believes that it is the newspapers that have mislead and spread the issue which was spread on the opening day of the KHADC Dorbar. Many of the MDCs, especially those from the opposition, looked up at the seat of the journalists.
According to the Constitution, admission to any college (BA, Bsc, Medical, Engineering etc) is decided by the Center and the State.
The East Khasi Hills District Badminton Association (EKHDBA) today launched the 7th East Khasi Hills District Open Badminton Championship 2023 which will end at 29 July 1 May 2023.
“We will have to go to the National Green Tribunal (NGT) if the government cannot do anything about our demands,” he said.
However, during her appearance, there was a clash between the MPs of the Ruling Party and the MPs of the Opposition.
Mr. Ardent M.
Rather, he believes in brotherhood, equality and harmony in all aspects of life.
On the other hand, East Jaintia Hills where we used to receive support from the coal trade from the 1st of July, we have to link our Adhar with our pancard. We all know that the ban on coal mining has caused a severe shortage, so I appeal to the people to surprise the people and stand against the increase in the price of food items. ,LPG gas, medicines, petrol and others, I request the government to listen to this demand which is for the safety of the people”.
Speech was also delivered by the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma who praised the college for receiving the A+ grade from NAAC Bangalore.
At the time of writing, their bodies have not been found and the residents of the village are still searching for them.
There are eight trucks carrying coal from Bhutan to Bangladesh via Dawki.
The awards were distributed to the winners of their respective categories including Banrilang Bleine, Wanpliborlang Nongsiej, Abhay Mukharjee, S. Rebecca, Veronica Buhroy, Amalisha N. Sangma, Khrawborlang Jyrwa, Rijun Kharbani Malvin. Kurbah, Christina Kharbuli, John Thounaojam, Walsall M.Momin, Mawdaker Marweiñ, Toiaibha Mylliempdah, Da-i-labynta Ryntathiang, Sumita Paul, Sahil Sinha, Lamphrang Mame Allya, Divieja Om Bali, Davis NR Marak, Bapynkmen Ajar, John Rajdeep Ghosh, Anjali Singh, Jeremy Nongrum, Marbarisha Mylliempdah, Anthony Lakiang, Shirley Mary Kharbuli, Balarisha Rani, Pynskhem Surong, Mathiush Sangma, Bibatdor M.Syiem, Verisha Maring and Balarishisha Rani.
Besides the existing facilities, the state has also used government buildings and converted them into Corona Care Centers and Institutional Quarantine Centres.
The house will contain the seeds of 6.7 million plants, animals, fish and insects in the world.
According to the guidelines of the Ministry of Forest and Environment in a statement issued on 8th June 2022, this MMMRD fund will be used for the acquisition, improvement and replanting of trees in these mining areas. they are those who have been cleansed and those who have been cleansed.
At the time of writing, thousands of vehicles including small cars, trucks and night super buses have been stranded during the 24 hour road blockade. and the mountains fell upon the ground.
The school has qualified 7 Wasa Utd to win and reach the semifinals of the tournament.
Speaking at a rally against the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) 2019 held by the Congress at the State Central Library, Shillong today, Hima said, “Tomorrow we will go to the dorbar and watch on TV what happens in the dorbar.
“This ICP in Dawki will always provide services to the people of India and especially to the people of Dawki area,” he said. in order for development to take place".
Rajasthan has ranked fifth in the country in terms of mining activities and seventh in terms of GDP growth, he added.
Looking at the border areas of Meghalaya, many villages do not have proper roads and some villages have to use the roads of Assam because the Meghalaya government has not yet provided them with proper roads. It has not yet been able to build its own roads for the convenience of the people in the border areas.
On the other hand, the HYC leader, after receiving a summons from the police, went to the Sadar Police Station on Tuesday, accompanied by dozens of members. President of the HYC, on the occasion of the inspection of the houses suspected to have been illegally built by the foreigners at Lum Survey, on the 23rd of this month.
The UDP has sought clarification from the CEM including the appointment of Magistrate Subordinate District Council Court. to July 10, 2015.
Mawlai Police Station has launched an investigation into the incident.
This map also shows detailed nursing home locations.
Act (ak) which means to do something, to imitate the actions of others.
The chief guest, Bah H.Kerwood Thabah, ADC, West Khasi Hills said that the information of the electorate and their participation in the election process is important in democracy. it is very important to understand the importance of electoral participation, especially by young people.
In the first leg, Sutnga SSCC beat Dhana SC 3-1 with goals scored by Sumarbha Bareh in the 3rd minute and Ioanis Suchen in the 32nd and 74th minutes.
Here, even if the Coronavirus or COVID-19 wants to spread, it will not be able to spread because the roads are too narrow and there is no place to walk away from each other, except to walk around. neither shall I walk in the darkness, nor shall I walk in the darkness.
Shillong, June 22: The HNLC today imposed a curfew on the occasion of the arrival of BJP President Amit Shah in Shillong.
Tura: The body of an Assamese named Nur Aziz was found from Kherapara Hill in East Garo Hills on Tuesday morning.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Iewrynghep said that they have spoken to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong and they have promised not to do anything to the people. because they wanted them just to return the items.
Shillong, Naitung 19: U Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui on Tuesday admitted that the report of inquiry submitted by Justice T Vaiphei after conducting the The investigation is ongoing with the Personnel Department of the state government, said Samuel Biam President of the SSMP after a meeting with the Minister.
Yeddyurappa, 75, took over as chief minister after the BJP won 104 MLAs, although it needs to reach 112 MLAs in the 224-member Karnataka Assembly.
Ri Bhoi District came second in the men's category while West Jaintia Hills came second in the women's karate category.
At present, the public can send information on their grievances through the CPGRAMS, MEGGRAMS, CM WhatsApp Helpline which leads to the delay in receiving a response from the relevant authorities.
Jowai, June 08: Today, which is also the 'Musiang' Market Day, groups of shopkeepers have come to Musiang Market with specially designed market plates, khoh, shang and tiffins. for buying necessities from the market.
Oresterwell Langshiang scored the fastest goal in the MSL, and the other two goals were scored in the second half to move to the top of the group with 10 points. point and the Ladthadlaboh.
The suspect was identified as Emanuel Suchen of Lumshnong.
“Because our power is what we can do now for the future.
“I don’t want to say when they will submit the report.
There was no subject Khasi or Garo, although these are the two mother tongues of the state, but it was shown that the examinations were only for English. Science, Arithmetic.
Shillong: The hearing on the border issue between Meghalaya and Assam will be held on 24th June and the Indian government, Meghalaya and Assam governments will have to write an affidavit to the Supreme Court on the case. Fenella Lyngdoh, the lawyer.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 24: The Coordination Committee of WKSU, WYF, MYF and UHM has demanded and reminded the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District regarding the need to set up a khilon at each border of West Khasi Hills, as a welcome to foreign tourists and outside the District, as well as to identify the starting and ending points of the District.
He said that the Syiem of Nongmynsaw Hima has registered the land and household foundations of those who have settled there.
Even in the midst of this time of challenges, it is a pride that our state ranks second in the country in terms of vaccination capacity according to the report released by the Immunization and Technical Support Unit. (ITSU), Ministry of Health & Family Welfare.
In many such incidents, when the land owners go to demand or explain that the land is owned, these government authorities start showing force and demanding that the people should show the documents.
It is only a suggestion to ensure that the party gets enough candidates,” said the legislator who has won five terms from Pynthorumkhrah. to contest or not) is up to senior leaders.
Tripura tied first after Meghalaya, who won the toss, failed to bowl first.
Three other Meghalaya batsmen lost their wickets before lunch and Sachin lost his wicket at the beginning of the second innings at the hands of Karnataka wicketkeeper Aashish Mahesh.
We often assume that mental illness and self-destruction can affect only those who have not been able to reach their goals, who are poor or who have not been able to succeed in their jobs. with a throw.
This protest of the people is very justified and well-founded, because the people in this area have already experienced many violence and oppression by the army without respecting the land owners. “It is the right of the people to oppose,” said Bah Kurbah.
Expressing concern for the people, Sangma said, “The Central Government is sitting in Delhi to repeal Article 370 in order to achieve its goals. of me.
Of these 584 cases, East Garo Hills has 13 cases, 7 cases from police; In East Jaintia Hills, 42 cases were reported from Lad Rymbai, 7 cases from Nongsning, 7 cases from Parampaithlu and 13 cases from Rymbai.
In terms of khadar rule, we see that many of our leaders do not have a strong foundation like those leaders. of a stranger.
So far, only the NPP has remained silent on the candidate for the constituency.
Khonglah said 378,300 solar lights have been allocated for installation in all the capitals of the state, 78 in Tura and 300 in Shillong.
It is worth mentioning that this is not the first time that such incidents have shocked the family on the death of children abroad. In 2018, a young woman named Wandalin Kongor, 22 years old, died. Purdua Kharpati, an 18-year-old woman from Purdua Kharpati, has been killed by robbers in Delhi, leaving her family in darkness as she is also the only daughter who left home to work abroad to support her family. The body of the girl was found in Delhi which has caused a stir in the family of the girl.
The covid19 pandemic has revealed two characteristics; one spirit of helping and supporting each other and secondly the disease has also revealed the inner nature of people which is full of hatred and enmity towards their fellow human beings.
Since June, weekly meetings have been held in the districts and the PDIA Model has been used to reduce maternal and infant mortality.
In a complaint lodged by Poonam Singh at Laban Police Station, she said, “This morning I sent my husband to pay some expenses for my son. my.
We also remember from the Bible that after Pharaoh, the king of Egypt, he was greatly astonished at the dreams he had because no one could interpret them and it was not until Joseph was able to interpret this dream of his.
“Passengers stay in safe places, don't go out to travel if it is not necessary, and park your vehicles in safe places, travel only if the weather is good,” they said. state.
JOWAI: The Shnong Amlarem has conducted a cleanliness drive on the 17th of this month in the entire village.
About 200 members of the Joint Action Committee on Indigenous People's Economic Right (JACIPER) today left for Lumshnong to protest against the lack of transportation of goods by state-owned trucks from the dewbilat factories. They also demanded that the transportation fee for trucks should be increased according to the price set by the State Government, which has been implemented since 22nd November 2005, which is T.1.25 per quintal. I'm going to go for a kilometer.
The hospital is located 7 km from Jowai.
Lajong won the trophy of T.5 lakh, while Rangdajied won the second prize of T.3 lakh.
“The special status should not be confused with the development schemes of the central government,” said the DoNER Minister. said, "This is a different matter.
They added that the bus driving job has been a job for them since they were children until they got married.
Furthermore, the party strongly condemns the MLA of the constituency, Snaiawbhalang Dhar for his silence to speak before the government on the new block in his constituency. C&RD department still year.
We remember here the writing of Bah EMR Syiem which says, “As the Megna Carta belongs to the English, so the customs established by them belong to us Khasi”.
Robert said, “We have come here to stop the work because we have received a complaint from the residents of Langkeroi that there is a road construction without informing the district authorities of the two cases. District.
L. Mawphlang from Mawlai, second Samborlang Pyngrope from Mawusam and third place went to Patsha Lyngdoh from Sohra Rim.
Many people pray to be rich but God says – “Those who desire to be rich fall into temptation and a snare and many senseless and hurtful desires, which plunge men into destruction and ruin” 2nd Timothy 6:9.
Prestone said the Dwarksuid Bridge will be a new bridge, but it will be built on the same site and the same bridge will be completed within a year. to this bridge.
The same is true for a paid knup paid trap from the Northern part of Shillong and who needs to go separately to the Eastern part of Shillong or a paid knup paid trap from the Eastern part of Shillong. Shillong and who needs to travel separately to the Northern part of Shillong.
The arrested persons are currently being held at various police stations in the state, police said.
“The police department should cooperate with the village authorities on this issue and conduct daily searches at the entry and exit gates of the state,” he said.
New Delhi: Jagat Prakash Nadda has been sworn in as the new president of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
The Hima Mylliem has had a stronger relationship with the Khasi Hills District Council in many matters of the Hima.
As it happens in the political process, we have to expect that the new Council will be able to do something about the issues that the people expect and that is that the Council will It stands on the basis of preserving the uniqueness of the Khasi Pnar people and it is the only one at the forefront.
The traffic jam is expected to decrease by midday.
“The Symbud Myntri Rangbah has said to call the officers of the Municipal and the Urban Department to seek clarification on this,” said the President of the HYC. The HYC leader said that this is the household affairs of the state, and foreigners should not interfere and the Dy CM should not listen too much to foreigners. If the Government takes the opinion of those people from abroad, it is a very weak Government.
It means that from the fourth generation Israel began to return to the land of their ancestors until now.
The President of the KSU asked the state government whether the railway line will bring about development by saying, “The railway line will not develop anyone, it will not develop anyone”.
The JSU has urged the Chief Minister instead of building the railway line but to build schools, health centers and roads in Jaintia Hills and to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) within the State.
However, over time, this view has changed, and some have seen it as a way to expand their business for personal gain.
Syiem has filed a PIL in the Meghalaya High Court against the district councils in the state.
After the meeting, members of KSU Wapung Unit together with school children and teachers took part in the planting of 70 trees.
Thousands of residents of Assam have flocked to the square in Khanapara, Assam to witness the arrival of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. also bring traffic congestion on the road, which has really affected the movement of the people.
However, the Helping Desk for Missing Persons of East Khasi Hills District under the leadership of Havildar S Pandey and Sub Inspector Topoon Marak through their hard work has recovered these children from Tumpreng West Karbi Anglong. Police will also conduct an investigation into the cause and why they fled their homes, said the SP.
He said that the party has already decided that the people will get adequate houses and on this too, there is a need for cooperation with the village authorities. The government will deposit T.500 crore in the bank and from the proceeds of this money, roads, paths, water supply, to meet the needs of the people during any large gatherings or gatherings of the people, as well as to set up various committees to look after the needs of the people.
He said that his support will strengthen our determination to preserve the name and honor of Syiem Tirot Singh and also to work for a brighter future. to rights and freedoms.
Meanwhile, Mukul Sangma has denied that the sympathy will work in the mid-term MP elections from Tura due to the death of Purno A Sangma. not in politics.
He didn't know that those people he went to talk to came and told me everything he had done,” said the Prime Minister at the public meeting.
These schools have been directed to submit a written submission on this issue, after which the government will submit a report on the timetable for the implementation of the NEP. , the heads of all educational institutions will send us their views or concerns on this issue to implement the NEP, and on this, the Government will take the appropriate decision, " he said.
I'm just going to smile.
Shillong: The increase in the number of drug users in these days has increased to a great extent even in the early hours of the morning. the robbery of people who walk in the marketplace.
“This country has a large ethnic population spread across many places, including many from the ethnic Northeast.
In his speech, u Wailadmiki Shylla congratulated all the nurses who have dedicated their bodies and souls to provide the best health services to those in need. This is the most important work to help the sick.
She forced them to carry their children once again as she had brought them.
The scrutiny of the names of the NCP candidates will be on 11th June, the withdrawal date will be on 13th June and the polling day will be on 27th June. long on 1st January
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Secretary of Sakhri Village, Bah Enos Sdor, said that the lack of roads has affected even those women who are pregnant and children who need to get injections regularly. He said that pregnant women and children can get the injections only during the dry season, while during the rainy season they cannot get the injections, although they You have to complete various injections as directed by your doctor.
This is according to the reports of passengers passing through the NH-0
just send the money and order them to stay without leaving.
He also alleged that the MPYC leaders have misled the people and said that the allegation is just a childish behavior without facts.
According to the WHO, more than 7 lakh people have died from depression.
Mumbai: In the midst of the fierce fighting for the transformation of India into India, there is news that is different these days and that is, that the Byculla Zoo in Mumbai, It has spent ₹ 8.25 crore for the lion sanctuary, ₹ 7.15 crore for the suri sanctuary and ₹ 3.82 crore for the lion sanctuary.
In the long run, they can be beneficial to avoid stomach problems and also to lose weight.
He said that while he is alive, he will continue to build these coffins so that the nation and especially the Christians can pay tribute to their loved ones who have passed away. earth.
Since there was no Tymmenbasan that day, the congregation chose me to conduct the service.
The crowd, when they saw these men carrying firearms, began to panic and immediately, they began to gather and shake hands with these two men.
“Islamic State troops have attacked a gathering of Christians in the city of Krasnogorsk, near Moscow, killing and wounding hundreds of people. before the troops withdrew without any resistance," the report said.
The death of these three persons occurred after robbers opened fire on a Kuki village in Ukhrul district.
When asked, Ma Sñiawbhalang Dhar said that if he wins again, he will complete the pending works and one of the things he wants to complete is the Pynsiñ Market where he wants to bring a multiplex in this market.
Sialung Ialong beat Dulong 3-1 in the 1st Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Friday said, “To implement this decision, it is necessary to go through the path that both the states need to agree on the decision taken at the meeting. of Prime Ministers which was held on November 30, 2023.
These powders, when mixed with other ingredients, are very beneficial to the skin.
“Who will send you away?” said the mother.
Other friends, when they saw him, called out and informed the school.
The Creator does not want a man or a woman to be the owner, but he wants a life of harmony in the household where the two of them have love together, and then the community and children in the household. knowledge of house, knowledge of family, knowledge of people and knowledge of God.
He admitted that in the last three elections, Gabriel has campaigned against the Congress Party, including the MDC, MLA and MP elections. “We don't know because he lives in Shillong (Umpling), but this is like an insult to us because he has come to eat only pork, while other problems are unknown".
The point here is – All the churches that emerged from the Church of Thyatira in 1500 AD during the Reformation, and this Church still exists today and will be able to enter the final the last month foretold by Daniel the prophet.
This ryntieh which God speaks of creates a rainbow and will be a sign of the covenant between Me and the world.
Satan's job is to go up and down, looking for someone to deceive.—2 Peter 1:8
Only if the BJP Government in Delhi fails, these demands of the Meghalaya Government may have been met.
Now there are those who are against wearing masks in America and they are gathering these days, in Florida and they are claiming that wearing masks is an act of Satan and that it destroys the ring and breathe.
The proteins that we can get through rymbai are based on the availability of complete protein.
The Legal and Human Rights Departments (LHRD) of the MPCC, which held a meeting today, also urged the government to build understanding with the district councils to ensure that the laws passed do not conflict.
Meghalaya scored 141 runs in 40 overs while Arunachal scored 104/6
He said that as a resident of the constituency, he cannot promise the people what he cannot do but it is his duty to look after and ensure that everyone in the constituency will benefit. .
SP Office won the Inter-Office Cricket Tournament 2022-23 by beating AH & Veterinary by seven wickets on Friday at Polo Ground.
On the other hand, the HYC would like to thank Bah W.Nongsiej, IAS Deputy Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, for his attention to the request of the HYC to visit this road.
Mawkyrwat, July 08: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today expressed its deep sorrow and condolences over the incident of electrocution of a 3 year old girl. They have lost both their hands from Mawkohphet Village, South West Khasi Hills District. They have met face to face with the Deputy Commissioner of the district to inform her so that she too can take action.
Shillong, Nailar 11 : The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday announced that the 15th of this month will be a day of drug ban in East Khasi Hills as part of the celebration of Independence Day.
“Due to the price of petrol which is more than 97 tyngka per litre, the robbery and robbery of the petrol pump is very high from the people,” he said.
Let me stay tomorrow so that he can clean up and prepare for the Bhalang.
“I think someone has been sent and 'Times Now' shows clearly the willingness of the tarajur to turn others against us," he said.
It is from this that the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of the country was issued to preserve, protect and promote the uniqueness of the Khasi people in terms of khadar, customs, land and others.
Thomas Jones's information to the authorities angered Harry Inglis until he was ready to be released.
The Fire and Emergency Services (F&ES) on receiving the information, sent fire trucks to the scene to extinguish the flames inside the house. There is a shop known as Janata Furniture and a warehouse for clothes and other items.
The smuggling of drugs into Shillong has increased with the passing of the days and this beverage which is a 'Ksuid' has entered the hearts of many young men and women.
The RBCSU has made it clear that it does not want the interests of the students to be used for politics by anyone. And where is the money you have spent? The Union has already decided that if it cannot resume the work, it will not hesitate to hold a strong strike.
Nongpoh: One man from Amphreng village and another man from Refugee Colony have been killed in a 'Poratha' competition between two men, which was held at a shop in Amdubighat village. The clashes between the ethnic groups living in the Umsiang area on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Media reports, which have received reports today, said that the holding of the mawbynnaw festival in Mawphlang, has not been smooth and for this reason, many of the MDCs of the party Congress did not attend the meeting, including the Speaker of the House, Bah Fabian Lyngdoh, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, MDC of Sohiong, did not attend and others.
“What kind of vehicles cause traffic jam in the city,” said Bah Shylla.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the government has already directed the police department to take action to arrest and punish according to the law, those who attack and injure passengers especially in Civil Hospital, Shillong.
“What is more surprising to the union is that since October, the school has not had a chemistry teacher and it has caused a lot of problems to the students of this school,” said the union. establish.
Romans 11:25.
The Addl.SP of WJH, Chemphang Syrti said that these three persons have been staying at the tourist spot since Thursday night.
When the answer is not clear, it is the responsibility of the Meghalaya government to go to Delhi and talk to the Government of India on the ILP demand. The government and the people can understand what else needs to be done in the future.
Shillong, Nailur 23: Two residents of Meghalaya, Bah Toki Blah and Kong Patricia Mukhim, who expressed their concern over the situation in the state due to the protests on the demand for ILP, Bah Toki Blah and Kong Patricia Mukhim today visited the The United Democratic Party (UDP) has urged the United Democratic Party (UDP) not to consider other options instead of the ILP, but the UDP has stood firm on the ground that they want to implement the Inner Liner Permit. ILP).
Opposition Leader Dr Donkupar Roy asked why the government is delayed in completing the construction of the scheme.
He also explained the aspects of TB including Pulmonary and Extra Pulmonary TB, the signs and symptoms, treatment methods and prevention measures.
In this regard, the Nongstoiñ Police Station has arrested and registered a case against the suspect under various sections of the IPC and the investigation is ongoing. .
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) together with the Hima Mylliem on Tuesday announced a decision to bring back the beauty of the market. was held on 28th May , to lay down rules and measures which will be implemented soon.
She said that in the appointment letter issued by the MRDO signed by the president of the MRDO E Chullet, chairperson P Pyrbot and a person known as J Hynniewta who did not claim to be the Director of RBI, Shillong.
The union has expressed its concern over the occupation of land by the army from time to time whether in Happy Valley, Laban, Laitkor and other places.
For those working in factories under the N.I.Act, 1881, shopkeepers, hourly workers, day workers and those working outside the Constituency shall be entitled to Paid Holiday even if they do not may arrive at work as a result of the election.
A party like the VPP should contest within six months, this Expert Committee should complete its work and no more than that.
Bah Pynïaid is an MDC who has been elected twice and won two MDC elections in 2014 and
These strong fires flew in the sky, which falls in Pingtan, and produced a white and strong smoke along with a slightly stronger sound.
D. They also demanded that the university should build six more hostels, two new ones for each department for men and women, which means for UG, PG and Research Scholars.
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the party is preparing to give sympathy or shabuk to one or two MLAs of the party who have started to cross the line. by negotiating and consulting with other parties.
Every day there is nothing wrong with that.
Some of the Wajri elders and the India Every Home Crusade have helped to donate these food items and clothes.
On the other hand, police have evacuated the people walking near the Civil Hospital, Shillong as there is a suspicion that there is a bomb near the hospital.
“Conrad also congratulated BJP Sengkmie President JP Nadda for the performance of his party in these three states.
Das is close friends with Hedrick Dhar, Prime Minister, Elwis Khongiong, Secretary and Long Dhar.
It is said that the vaccine is one of the ways to prevent the spread of the disease, but the Modi government has misled and abandoned its responsibility to manage the vaccination system which has brought shame to the country. the whole country.
At the same time, they explained that the meat they sell in the market does not affect the health as they cut and sell only disease-free cows.
On the other hand, FKJGP-East Jaintia Hill strongly warns that from now on all Assam vehicles should cover their goods like other vehicles carrying coal to Ribhoi.
However, suddenly there was a voice from some of the Riew Rangbah to demand their share for Jaintia.
It is better for you to go to hell than to go to hell.
Jowai, March 09: The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 1st Division Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai on Tuesday. Kiang Stadium, North Jowai.
Expressing its concern over the increasing water levels and the appearance of dewlynnong in the Umïam Dam, the KHNAM said that the appearance of dewlynnong raises the question why the Government allows the army to tan water from this dam every day even though it is clear that if there is a shortage of water in this dam there will be a shortage of electricity for the people of the State.
However, it has affected especially those who are poor, they don't have to buy food at home but for the ticket fee they get it.
When asked, he said that the Government will not say anything yet, but will wait for the hearing on 6th June, and said that the Government will prepare an affidavit in this regard. The fact is that it is impossible to draw the boundaries or the map without the consent of the two States, and added that this is the responsibility of the Government of India. It is the responsibility of the Government of India to determine the boundaries of Meghalaya and Assam.
When asked whether there has been any discussion between the party leaders and Teilinia on the MDC election, Witting said, “Until now we have not been able to talk to her face to face. We don't believe the news that we hear from the mouth of Teilinia, we believe the news that comes from the mouth of Kong Teilinia.
These two villages of Wahiajer, Thadlaskein Block and Shangpung Mission, Laskein Block received the award with a cash prize of T.1 lakh.
All the villagers rushed there, and when they saw that two of them had died, they thought it was the plague.
Lok Sabha MP Dilip Saikia said on Twitter that he had contracted the disease and was undergoing treatment at Gauhati Medical College Hospital (GMCH).
Eva (Divya) deserves praise for her courage as well as her ability to fulfill her role.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has not yet confirmed whether the money has anything to do with the election campaign. the owners after the election that too if their answer is sufficient.
The CEM of KHADC has joined hands with Argentine football star Diego Maradona in the fight against the MUA-II government led by Dr Mukul Sangma.
Speaking on the occasion, Goyal expressed his satisfaction that the project has been completed.
Speaking at the briefing, Bah Enbor Syiemiong, President of the Jakrem Youth Association, said that the Inter-School Sports Meet is part of the Inter-School Sports Meet. Jakrem Village to have a spirit of compassion and also to develop the children in the fields of sports because it can be said that Jakrem Village is one of the villages that attracts men and women. youths who have excelled and have also represented the district and the state in various sports.
He said that if the state government signs this soskular, it will violate the Land Transfer Act and the Sixth Schedule and this will be a sad incident for the nation.
Religion is just words or phrases that try to explain and express faith.
At the end of the rally, the UDP Mawlai leaders also welcomed Bah Process to the party after he could not join the four other MLAs who resigned from other constituencies. party at a welcome meeting held by the UDP recently.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 50 new cases have been confirmed, including 45 cases from East Khasi Hills, 4 cases from West Garo Hills and 1 case from West Jaintia Hills.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 15: Three political parties including the KSU, FKJGP and RBYF of Western Ri-Bhoi District have expressed their special greetings to the MDA government and also to the MLA of Jirang Constituency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun. Therefore, the people of this constituency have never experienced development projects in the past.
“The cases of destruction of water supply systems will be strictly enforced after the implementation of this Act,” said Prestone.
Nongsiang said that through the tenure of Macmillan Byrsat as MLA, many works have been witnessed by the people of Pyndengrei and Nonhstoiñ Constituency.
All Saint's scored 105 runs for the loss of five wickets in 13.5 overs.
The survey was conducted by the National Election Watch following the certification of 30 Chief Ministers of various states and Union Territories.
Speaking on the occasion, General Secretary Bah Lambor F Wanniang said that the Mawrusyiar Youth and Cultural Club will celebrate its 50th anniversary on the 7th July, The Golden Jubilee Celebration will be held on July 6, 2024 if no further notice.
After this story, Fr. Michael Makri, who is also in charge of the Media, met with Larisa Khongsit, who received the miracle through the intercession of St. Don Bosco. Fr.Makri said that she cannot help but express that since I received this miracle I have a dream in my life that when I will meet again. Don Bosco face to face and with great joy she expressed that she had been able to meet him again and especially his coming to live forever with us including his living right hand. which was in this relic which was placed in the shadow of his snap".
Vehicles with numbers 0,2,4,6,8 will pass through this road on Tuesdays, Fridays and Saturdays.
As far as the east is from the west, so far hath he removed our transgressions from us, because he remembered that we were dust" Psalm 103:6-14.
The WOSY has convened this meeting as part of the program to share culture among the students and to honor the foreign students of NEHU in this programme.
Dr. Celestine's point of order was supported by the All India Trinamool Congress (TMC) and the Voice of the People Party (VPP).
However, he expressed his regret that the authorities do not believe in taking action despite the fact that the party has often given suggestions on many areas to improve education in the state.
We are living in this age of gratitude not only for the powerful but also for the wicked.
It is not necessary to teach the bad things but the good things to spend time and effort to strengthen them.
When Jesus saw that those who loved him did not want to come near him, he said to them, “I am thirsty.
About 25 young boys and girls from 11 districts from each district participated in the programme.
Two AK 56, 9mm, 105 live Chinese rounds, two Improvised Claymore Explosives (15.7Kgs), two Claymore Boxes, two Timer Devices were recovered from the vehicle. plastic bag, two batteries, one multimeter voltage tester and other accessories.
The family members of the deceased have lodged a complaint with the police and the police are investigating to arrest the vehicle and those involved.
On this occasion, the MLA of Gambegre, West Garo Hills District, Saleng Sangma, expressed his regret that even though the state has celebrated its 50th anniversary, there have been no good training centers for the candidates. He said that one of the problems in the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) is the large number of foreign IAS officers in power in the state.
We don't want the government to take the fish from the shops that have already distributed the trucks because we don't have the responsibility of the private sector. Andhra Pradesh" he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: U Bah Finely Pariat, General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA), has been elected as one of the Vice Presidents of the Athletics Federation of India (AFI).
Speaking as the chief guest, Saloni Verma congratulated the Catholic Women's Association, the school and the St. Gabriel outreach for taking part together with the world to celebrate this day. all to take action to protect the environment not only on this day but every day by keeping the area around us clean and green.
It will take action to improve education, to assist students and will take issues to demand increase in fees, to demand that fees be paid on time, to conduct programs to improve students such as public awareness, vocational training and various trainings related to youth, coaching classes, to demand from the government to have adequate educational facilities and to demand from the government to introduce an appropriate Education Policy for students.
In another program held as part of the same celebration, a quiz competition was held at Mairang Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Mairang where Langtor Higher Secondary School, Langtor won the first prize. The first place went to Mairang Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Mairang, while the third place went to Mairang Presbyterian Science College, Mairang.
Pynshngain MDC said that if the government talks about the floods in Shillong, the Umkhrah River should come forward to prevent the floods.
“India is a country with freedom of food, drink and beliefs according to the Constitution,” said Thakur. on the basis of economic development and to bring about good governance according to its rights.
The Meteorological Department has also warned that there will be thunderstorms, lightning and heavy rain in parts of the state and especially in the East Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 17: As part of the preparations for the Platinum Jubilee celebration of St. Dominic Savio Mawlai Parish on 26th March 2014, Father Jose Varickaseril has invited all the faithful of Mawlai Parish to the Day of Priests and Religious to be held on the 24th of July
We come here with heartache, sorrow and hope that the Government will listen to our problems.
The presence of farmers can also bring glory to the village or the state and even the country in front of the world.
At the time of the incident in Langpih, the chief of Assam came to knieh ai suloi, that is the truth 5 years ago we made a mistake in choosing a tree, a stone, a business man, and this incident in Mukroh it’s your fault.
“This resignation of Bah RV Lyngdoh in the Legislative Assembly, whether it is from the fact that the Dorbar Shnongs are involved in the allocation of land to the mynder,” said the union. the Village Headman.
The incident happened on the evening of 14th June 2019 while the residents of Umwali village were at a place in the village to assist in the construction of the electricity line. of the State of Meghalaya.
Ri-Bhoi Police, after arresting the driver and the follower, are conducting investigation and the names of the two arrested persons have been kept secret as the investigation is ongoing. and prohibit the arrest of others involved in this crime.
“My mother and Niakha have now received Panah...”“Oh, when didn't you know, what man did you know...?” Niakha was informed.
In my opinion as one of the elders who visit Langpih, it would have been better for the District Council Government to do an X-Ray first to find out the cause of the disease of the Khasi living in Langpih. this area.
Meghalaya managed to restrict Vidarbha to 243 runs for the loss of nine wickets at the end of 50 overs after winning the toss and electing to bat first.
The widespread spreading of plastic, water bottles, bottles, clothes and other garbage along the river and in the middle of the river has stopped the water flowing due to the excessive amount of garbage.
This includes EGH: 14 (Others), EJH: 39 (Others), EKH: 371 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –01, Others–370), NGH: 16 (Others), RBD: 142 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –10, Others–132), SGH: 03 (Others), SWGH: 51 (Others), SWKH: 11 (Others), WGH: 83 (Others), WJH: 27 (Others) and WKH: 16 (Others) .
She said she would look into the shortcomings of the MHIS and the Prime Minister's schemes related to health.
Bah Thabah was charged under the MPDA Act, but was later released on the advice of the Governor after he went to the Advisory Board to review the work of the MPDA. Thabah was scheduled to be brought to Shillong District Jail on November
After the JYF inspected the NH-44 Jowai-Shillong, the KSU Laskein Circle together with the media inspected the Lad-Mynska-Myrtang road. Mynso, Nartiang-Nongngi, Amlarem-Muktapur and others have been destroyed.
“Among many other parties, I chose the UDP first,” said Bah Syntar. “When I think about it, I find that the oldest and best party is the UDP. The leaders who supported me through the Lyngwiar Sain Pyrkhat Ban Ksan ka Lawei, also agreed to have one voice at the meeting on Saturday”.
“These issues are at the forefront of this government to come with the party,” he said.
Guwahati: The Cabinet of Ministers of Assam has decided to hand over the investigation into the shooting death in Mukroh village to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).
Samples were taken from these polling stations and up to 20 samples were taken from each polling station and the total number of samples collected was 1200 to determine the ethnic identity. , religion and age, allowing gender participation.
Nongpoh, July 07: As a good example to many people to take care and not to kill animals and birds, a District Public Relation Officer, Bah B Jaraiñ today said: A dkhoh has been rescued from his residence in Nongjri and handed over to the Wildlife Department in Nongpoh for further investigation.
“Ka Seng Khasi doesn't have the words to criticize or use its condemnation, but as a human being who still knows and understands in the mind, who still has that spirit of knowing as a human being, who still knows “It is still open to discuss and resolve such a matter,” said the statement.
Referring to the opening ceremony of the road, Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, said that he is pleased to see that the cleanliness drive was conducted by the residents. inside the village of Nongpoh Proper, they are united to work for good deeds in the village.
“Bhalang, look here, son, and know the day and minute that you will win.
He also urged the farmers to immediately inform the officers of the Department of Agriculture if they find this disease.
We also received training sessions under the training of coaches at Atletico Madrid, Stuttgart, and Augsburg which was perfect for the children.
The company is headed by Anastasia Kharlyngdoh as Board Member and Methodius Dkhar, MLA from Mawshynrut Constituency, as Director.
Malki are in second place with 4 points while Mawlai are in first place with 19 points.
The Waheh Shnong of Ladrymbai Khliehdupon, Bah Marius Siangshai, said that the Dorbar Shnong also strongly condemns the foreigner who has defamed the village and said that such people should not be allowed to do such things. kind of people who want to bring shame on the village.
Do the people elect the Leaders or the Leaders?
Ardent said this while speaking at the VPP's thanksgiving meeting to the supporters who supported the party's candidates in the last MLA elections.
When asked whether this rule involves the HNLC, the DIG said, “I cannot say and just guess now.
Jowai, Lber 2: The construction of the Kurliya Bridge on the Myntang River connecting Block I and Sah Sniang in West Jaintia Hills has been suspended today. and to stop the ongoing construction.
A total of 605 people have been discharged from hospitals in the district, 375 are still undergoing treatment and 13 have died.
On the other hand, the NPP candidate from this constituency, Kong Grace Kharpuri, while speaking at the meeting, said that almost everyone asks her whether she is strong enough to go to the border villages. The reason for this is that the meeting was held in the area near Shella village.
“The government has sent the case to the court while the court has sent the case to the government and for that reason the government should take responsibility for this issue and not leave it alone because it will affect the youth,” he said. said.
He is also one of the leaders of the KSU who has retired from his party.
“We urge the Garo not to say that only because the Garo have settled in the village is their land because many of these land have been owned by the Khasi as private individuals and the Hima and the Garo. it is only the residents,” said the statement.
Therefore, a clean and pollution-free environment is essential to help a person stay healthy.
The education department has sought clarification from the college after the photograph spread on social media.
She said that she has received the money in the past few days.
He said the department is ready to build the Central Prison on a 25 acre plot in New Shillong Township.
Looking at the election in Sohiong Constituency, although other parties, including the Congress, HSPDP, TMC, BJP have fought hard to win the election from this constituency, the turnaround has been slow. The NPP and the UDP, the two strongest parties in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance-II coalition government, will contest the contest. Samlin is a former MLA. He won the election in 2018 from the HSPDP but before the 2023 elections, he has joined the NPP, one of the strongest parties in the state. Up to 18 MLAs will be elected in the 2023 election.
overs In the innings, Dippu Ch Sangma took four wickets for 43 runs in 10 overs.
The Crime Crime Tracking Network System will help the public to lodge their complaints and problems through the internet.
Meghalaya Baby League schedules in other central centers will be announced later.
In accordance with the authority conferred under Section 144 Crpc, the District Election Officer of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes IAS, has issued an order banning all political parties and their supporters from following the rules and regulations. these instructions prohibit avoiding the provisions of the Act.
