The NESO also expressed its concern over the situation in Manipur, especially after six months have passed but no signs have been seen that the situation has improved. Now.
“Soon if we come to power, the first thing to do is to implement a census to know exactly the number of people included in the OBC category in the country,” he said. Gandhi in his speech.
The President of the Voice of the People (VPP) Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit on June 15, 2013, said that the National People's Party (NPP) wants to strengthen the JHADC by The salaries of the employees have been reduced for many months.
It is to be recalled that Bah Hek, Minister of Agriculture in the State, has written a letter on 18th March, 2023 to Dr Mansukh Mandaviya regarding the need to upgrade NEIGRIHMS. to the status of AIIMS especially as the Central Government intends to build AIIMS hospitals in each State under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Saraksha Yojana (PMSSY).
In total, about 40 office bearers of the Hills State People's Democratic Party (PDP) have joined the party.
Mother and sister were surprised that Peter was late.
During cooking, do not wear flammable clothing such as nylons.
C.Paul), the Missionary of the Serampore Mission, to teach the Khasi to write in Shella, Bangla, and published a book at that time; but no one knew how to read it, and it was useless.
So far, only the Chairman and CEM elections have been completed in JHADC and what remains is to hold the Deputy Chairman and other elections.
When inquired by Rupang, it was learned that the meeting today did not want to give any opinion on any candidate, whether it is from Shillong, which does not have an MP, who is still in office. now this work or the same from Tura.
Lamare said that on this day we should also remember other fighters of the country who have sacrificed their lives including women and youth.
He said that in 2019, when he was in charge of the Market Department, the EC had allocated T.20 lakh to install solar lights in Ïewduh.
In a speech in Italy last year, Musk made it clear that it was only a large number of children that could sustain the human race and that this was a very dangerous issue in places. that you have increased your income.
Many states have taken steps in this direction.
Besides, the Seng cannot fail to point out that this Rangbah is one of the leaders of the people who speaks out against the policies and laws of the State Government or the Central Government as well as those which are a threat to the Jaidbynriew and It is only Bah Shylla as a public leader who has raised his voice to demand the Inner Line Permit in the State and to strongly oppose the Citizenship Amendment Act of the Central Government, which has been protested by various Sengbhalang groups. all shit.
There are 28 houses damaged in the past 24 hours, 4 houses damaged without form, 3,455 houses damaged severely and 6 houses damaged completely.
More than 350 former students of Don Bosco will attend.
The program was held at Chilliangraij Hall and was witnessed by the children of Niamtre from all over the country.
In 2021, the police have arrested Cheristerfield Thangkiew.
Nongpoh: The leaders of HANM, Ri Bhoi District, have expressed their deep sorrow and condemnation over the incident against a poor woman, who has been rejected by many health centers since Nongpoh and Shillong as well and which forced the poor woman to give birth inside the 108 Ambulance.
In West Khasi Hills, there is only one high risk contact.
Thus, the budget prepared for the budget year 2024-2025 is through a revenue of T.204,63,23,500 from the expenditure of T.218,22,60,3 The total revenue collection of the Council for the fiscal year 2022-2023 is T.113,62,46,064, out of the total expenditure of the Council. T.117,81,88,185.
“The State has already done since the Congress rule to provide food allowance to the elderly, and the MDA Government has already increased the food allowance of the elderly from T.6000 per annum to T.9000, “Whether the Central Government will reject again those who receive schemes from the State Government,” she said.
He had to live as a disciplined soldier.
The incident happened last Tuesday.
From this experience, it has humbled people very much.
The new cases include 211 from East Khasi Hills, 104 from West Garo Hills, 20 from Ri Bhoi, 14 from South West Garo Hills, 11 from South West Khasi Hills, 10 from North Garo Hills. 6, Eastern West Khasi Hills 5, South Garo Hills 4, West Khasi Hills 2 and East Garo Hills
The High Court of Meghalaya on Tuesday directed the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to explain why the North East has faced neglect in the construction of roads and has not done anything.
Ajay Mishra, denied the allegation, saying that his son was not in the vehicle, but said that some of those who were riding lymbung, threw stones at the vehicles. His vehicle fell off the road and killed two farmers.
The root cause is that we have been bought and deceived by money.
He said that as an MP, Ricky will be part of the government to advocate for the issues of the state from the Indian government, but it is up to him how he will walk especially in politics. pay to India.
There are 29 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in East Garo Hills, 1 case in West Garo Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi District and 1 case in South West Garo Hills. one.
He said that all government departments have had to set up a Roster Register and send it to the Directorate to send to the state government.
“What is the final step that the EC will take if the government does not release or will it look for other ways for the government to release?” On this occasion, the CEM said, “From the government We have taken action and the state government will listen after we write to the Ministry because in the past few months we have already spoken to the Ministry.
“If we don't get any answer, we can't violate the law even if we don't want to because we can't just obey because they don't want to listen to us. go ahead" he added.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chairman of the HLC, Prestone Tynsong, said that the High Level Committee has already submitted its full report to the state government. The Government will consider the report at the Cabinet meeting which will take a final decision on this matter.
Besides, if they join other parties, they can corrupt as much as they want.
If the Assamese continue to commit these illegal activities, the union will start harassing the Assamese living in Meghalaya whether they are Government employees, contract workers, students or traders. Therefore, Assam should order its own people to stop the harassment of the Khasi Pnars in order to bring peace and stability like all the states. who went to the neighboring villages.
Shillong: "As an MLA, I am pleased to say that I have to look after many churches, not myself and the duty of the MLA is to make laws and bring in proper policies," said the MLA of 17 North. Shillong constituency to Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
Shillong, July 3: The KSU-NEHU unit has strongly opposed the decision of the NEHU authorities to deploy about 800 BSF personnel on the grounds of the university.
Has the Prime Minister taken action on any decision taken by government officials which is contrary to the working methods of the Government? These are questions that the public should ask.
When we walk down the street they make us feel that we don't belong in this world," they said.
“On my part, I will have to direct the Secretary to send Bah Paul to hand over the files to the KHADC,” he said.
The implementation of this has affected the youth because in the areas where there is a shortage of Garo youth, more Garo youth have been recruited and less Khasi and Jaintia youth.
Both the trucks were damaged and the driver of the truck was seriously injured and was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital. Police are conducting investigation into the incident.
The cases include 15 cases from East Khasi Hills and 12 cases from civilians.
He also asked whether he does not know what has happened to the state in the last 50 years.
As the BJP leader in the state, Bah Ernest said that he has witnessed with his own eyes the insult to the indigenous people in West Bengal who have not received as promised by the party. TMC and the people of the state should not ignore the TMC party's promises to the people if it comes to power.
One of these villages where the residents have moved to another place is Tyrna Village, which is located in the Riwar Sohra area.
In addition, the VC said that the University has taken care of the shortcomings in terms of infrastructure and facilities in many colleges affiliated to NEHU. develop a curriculum that can be implemented from 2023-2024 without increasing the number of classes and buildings for this year,” he said.
The district authorities in Pathanamthitta have developed a system in which they use GPS to track down those who have been quarantined in the district to control their movement.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Centerwell Doloi and Bah Receive Pator, leaders of the JAC, said that the JAC has decided to ban the passage of vehicles. The JAC will take another route against such vehicles which have destroyed and damaged the public road.
“Those who have already applied for subsidy or assistance, should immediately lodge a complaint with the Gas Agency to provide this subsidy,” said the DC. T.425 subsidy and T.25 home delivery fee and the total is T.
Sporting Lisbon, who are fourth in the Portuguese top flight, beat Denmark 5-1 in the play-offs. They have finished third in the Champions League group this season.
Replying to this, the Executive Member in charge of Revenue and Mines and Minerals, Bah Fantin J Lakadong, said that the EC will take action and write to the State Government regarding the collection of revenue from various taxes and will also write to demand an increase in the share on natural resources from 25% to 35%.
However, they believe that they came from the land or sea created and inhabited by their ancestors.
Explaining on this, Conrad said that a detailed clarification will be seen once a detailed explanation is brought soon to all groups, political party leaders as well.
Their vision and selflessness has given us the future generations our own state which we can take as our own.
There are 5 cases from Lummawrie and 3 cases from Pynthorumkhrah, 3 cases from Guwahati, 3 cases from Nongrim South and 3 cases from Upper Mawprem. , 1 from Laitumkhrah, 2 from Sawlad, 1 from Oxford Laban and 3 from Nongmensong, from Bihar.
At the meeting, the 25th Anniversary Cake of Bah Sanbor Shullai was cut, and he was honored with a sponge jain, a paila and a ryndia. and the elders of Laban's city.
The government authorities in charge of education in Gujarat, seeing the delay in the enrollment of girls in schools, have struggled as much as possible to attract them to the schools. benefits for them.
There are four candidates from the constituency including Laitsing Shylla (Congress), Jesse Suiam (NPP) and Jwatmot Pariat (independent).
He also urged the Sengbhalang and the private sector to be ready to join hands for the areas which still need assistance in all aspects.
When asked why they don't support the Congress party which doesn't have a candidate who is also the current MDC, some of them said that if they support the Congress candidate, it won't help.
According to the Minister, pre-paid meters are safer in the calculation of electricity bills, they do not require a security deposit and other benefits but it is difficult for the government to implement them because that it costs too much to do everything at once.
On the other hand, the Sirdar said that today, the family members of Ditino Diengdoh have informed that he died on a tree.
Members of the Wah Myntdu and Members of the Jaintia Fishing and Environment Protection Association (JFAA) inspected the Treiongriang area and found that the land acquisition from the construction of the new road is not only thoughtless but also dangerous. It may also destroy the quality of the Myntdu and Mynkrem Rivers in the coming days.
The Governor's speech also highlighted the creation of six new blocks including three in Khasi Hills including Bhoirymbong, Sohiong and Mawlai and three in Garo Hills.
There are currently 700 cases in Rajasthan, 532 in Madhya Pradesh, 504 in Telengana and 452 in Uttar Pradesh.
Regarding the unemployment of the youth, he urged the SHGs to come forward and set up their own businesses as this can open the door for the future. their.
The school has urged the children not to hesitate when their parents send them to school.
The Eucharist is the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ which Himself reveals to us God's infinite love for mankind,” said Archbishop Girelli.
Arbin Singh (4/54), captain Akash Kumar (2/41), Kartik Pawar (2/53) and Md Nafees (1/23) were the wicket-takers for Meghalaya.
For this reason, there has been a heavy crowd at the college and the overcrowding has been excessive and the students have to sit up to 5 or 6 people in one bench.
Regarding the health sector, Kong Ampareen said, “In the health sector, this is a golden opportunity for me to ensure the health care for women, I think this is another area where as a minister I have to work hard.
And what remains now is the first place in all the lists.
The Indian Lawn Bowl teams did well in the CWG, where the women's and men's teams won gold and silver medals.
However, if it continues to interact with these Hindu groups, political and non-political enemies also have reason to blame it.
The Rtn.
On my part, I would like to express my gratitude to the ASHAs who have worked physically and spiritually during the Lockdown.
AITC leaders from the state who attended the protest include Dr Mukul Sangma, Charles Pyngrope, George B Lyngdoh, Zenith Sangma and others.
It is not clear who was wrong in this incident until the truck managed to hit the Maruti Car which collapsed in the middle of the road. arrived at the scene for further investigation.
Instead of the Government recruiting more employees to fill the vacant posts, the lack of brokers to do that job has really prevented many young people from looking for jobs in the state. we.
The All India Public Sector Sports Control Board (APSC) has organized the tournament in which 10 teams and 58 players from various government departments have participated.
This is the style of shniuh, in a shop in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India.
It is impossible to say that Sohra has been blessed by God with the presence of valleys, creeks, bridges and this has attracted tourists from all over the country. special of God.
He said that a farmer named Rijambor Shylla, who was inside the house, was seriously injured in the shooting. he.
Meghalaya beat Uttarakhand by 10 wickets in the Senior Women's One Day League plate group match played in Bhubaneshwar today.
The tournament was concluded with the presence of Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh as the chief guest, Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, RB Shadap, RR Makdoh and others. elder of the area.
New Delhi, November 16: The Congress will hold its meeting on 17th July next year, and the AICC meeting will discuss the preparations for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. come.
Perhaps there are those who say that we don't need medicine, we should just trust in the will of God, but just saying or thinking that is not enough.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by the Deputy Executive Member of the Khasi Hills District Council (KHADC) today called for a meeting. The meeting was held between the Rangbah Kur of the District Council, in the presence of the Rangbah Kur of the District Council, Bah Titosteewell Chyne and the MDCs. KHADC, is to discuss and discuss in a fair manner so that the issuance of the Syrnod or certificate will be in accordance with the customs and traditions and the discussion on the Khasi Social. Custom of Lineage 1997.
It is worth mentioning that Bah EK Mawlong, has been the leader of Umroi for seven terms, which means 25 years as a leader of the people, besides that he has also been the Chief Minister of the State Government and also the Chief Minister of Umroi. as Lamphang in the Legislative Assembly.
ADR is a tool for resolving disputes between families, people in court disputes.
“NEHU has already submitted its report, but to be sure on this matter, the government will wait for the inspection by researchers from IIT Guwahati and now as this institution is still holding exams. they will come down to inspect this after the exam," he said.
He said that the District Council is still asleep, even though it is the protector of the land of the jaidbynriew.
It is true that there is a thought and fear that the small Hynniewtrep people may be overwhelmed and disappear from the face of the earth.
The chess tournament was sponsored by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government.
A foreigner cannot interfere with our kur and should be ashamed to interfere with the kur and jait of others.
Many of the MDCs said that Bah Teinwell is an older MDC who has been an MDC since 2004 and said that they don't need to talk at length about what he should do, but He understood because he was an MDC who knew all the rules and regulations of the District Council.
We asked a householder in Bilat about the smart meter and he told us that in Bilat there is no compulsion to install it.
The investigation found that the department has not confiscated the weighbridges nor has it done anything to collect the outstanding money from the gatekeepers, which has resulted in the loss of the annual collection of money amounting to Rs. to Rs 9.49 crore.
“There have been 35 cases in the past 24 hours alone,” said Nirupam Das, chief administrator of the foundation.
The department also found that they contained 2B carcinogen which can lead to cancer or thyroid disease.
Out of the 318 cases, 93 cases were reported in East Khasi Hills, 38 cases in West Khasi Hills, 100 cases in Ri-Bhoi, 42 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 39 cases in West Garo Hills and 6 cases in East Garo Hills. They are the judges of the Special Court in these districts.
These petrol bombs, which were seized by the Nongpoh PS, are suspected to have been hidden by the robbers for a long time. fuel.
Nongpoh, July 04: The Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CoRP) Nongpoh Circle today took the initiative to hold a tree planting ceremony at Pahamskhen village in Ri-Bhoi district. on the existence of the lymbit cremation or Pnah kyndeng, which is also part of the celebration of World Environment Day and also the 25th anniversary of the organization.
“This market has faced many challenges but we have been able to persuade them to keep it in its current form,” said Bah Gavin. maintain its beauty.
On the other hand, he said it is regrettable that in the invitation of the Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA) to congratulate together with the leaders for the participants who will represent the South West Khasi Hills. Hills District in the Meghalaya Games 2022, but the participants in the tournament have not been invited.
The mission to save the lives of the poor, the needy, the sinners.
It is also surprising that there are people who dare to speak against even the religious leaders and dignitaries.
Syiem said the failure to set up a Police Out Post at Mukroh shows the weakness of the Meghalaya government which has allowed Assam to do whatever it wants.
The Congress has not yet announced the name of its candidate although Bah Vincent H. Pala, the incumbent MP of the Congress party, is the leader of the Shillong seat.
After receiving the complaint, Rupang today met with the office bearers of the Union of Shyiap Workers, Mylliem East Khasi Hills which is a group recognized by the government.
It is money that corrupts and destroys politics.
It's a Christian state.
Shillong: Gaurav Narleng and Macdonald Makdoh of Ri-Bhoi District Cricket Association (RIC) took a four-wicket victory against Shillong Cricket Association (BCA) in the zone. Group 1 match of the U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament was played at Umbuda, Nongpoh today.
When asked whether the VPP will contest from Sohiong Constituency, Ardent said, “When it comes to Sohiong, we will look at the rules of the Election Commission of India.
Salaroh beat Rymbai Shkenshynriah 1-0 in the second semifinal and with this victory will face Mukhla for the first title of the (L) Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football Tournament organized by the WJDSA. Mukhla FC have reached the final after beating CSA United 2-0 on Thursday. In the semifinal on Saturday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Salaroh won the title. You won 1-0 in extra time.
The winners will be awarded tomorrow.
JOWAI: Sahsniang A village today inaugurated an Aganwadi center for children and women in the villages to provide them with nutritious food and drinking water. to provide water to the Sahshniang community.
Keep your friends from being surprised before you fall into the trap of thanksgiving for yourself.
Since 2010, they have sent letters to the government and held many meetings but the government has ignored their demands.
Earlier, the staff of the hospital had put forward this demand before Rev NS Phawa, Senior Administrative Secretary of the KJP Assembly.
Shillong, July 05: U SG Esmatur Mominin, MLA of the National People's Party (NPP) who resigned from Phulbari constituency on Tuesday joined the Trinamool Congress (TMC) MDC of Raliang Constituency Robinus Syngkon.
“I urge the students of IIM-Shillong to make the most of their education and contribute to the development of the country as well as to bring about improvement in the society,” he said.
During the inspection, the CEM has sent for a search of the Tehm Ïewmalong area where there are many foreigners who sell shana on the footpaths. The Enforcement Police have found that none of these vendors have a trading license and the CEM has ordered them to close down immediately.
He said that the UDP as the main opposition party will do its job as directed by the people.
Nongkhlaw: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today paid tribute to Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem at the 188th death anniversary of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima.
“There is no strong party.
The mobile phone has been seized by the police, the owner of the house said.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Central Executive Council of the EJNC (EJNC) on Tuesday held a meeting chaired by Bah Shanbok L Syad, President of the EJNC. This month, it has decided to raise the flag in East Jaintia Hills on the 24th of July as a sign of deep sorrow over the shooting death of two persons on the 24th of July, 2014 at Mookhep.
“We don't know the truth of the allegations against Williamnagar but the Congress will win from Ampati because it is a constituency where Dr Mukul Sangma has done a lot of development works,” he said.
“All MLAs will face challenges and have to work hard to win again; that is the truth.
The village was established in 1996 as a club and is now recognized as a Dorbar Shnong.
God is now inviting all the people of the world to the table of peace and God has not forsaken anyone.
Shillong, Naitung 17: Four political parties in Jaintia Hills, KSU-JHDU, AJYWO-CGB and FKJGP-JHDU have been deceived by various companies. and HNYF-ER today visited Rose Valley which is one of the NBFC's located in Ladthadlaboh Jowai.
Speaking to media, Bah Hamlet said that he took this step because as a leader and former leader of the KSU he wants the central government to speak clearly whether they will allow or not. They did not meet these demands that the state had already announced.
The knowledge received by the students through the teachers makes them skilled workers in various fields, responsible citizens and contribute to the development of the country in various fields. diverse.
Musk announced his plan to allow everyone to travel to Mars and said those who do not have money can take a loan from him so that they can feast on Mars.
Witnesses of the accident said that the cause of the accident was due to the speeding of the driver of the Mahindra.
Shillong, Nailar 31: Various civil society organizations in Lum Garo including the Garo Students Union (interim body), Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC), A'chik Students Welfare Association (ASWA) and Tura Government College Students Union (TGCSU) and others, have held a rally and march today to protest against the government's decision not to allow non-tribals to contest MDC elections in GHADC. The MDC elections in GHADC will start on 12th March, 2015 which is only six months away.
He said the government is preparing a plan for this.
We congratulate this rich leader who, as hoped, will succeed in serving the country.
“I can't allow this, we should warn those who do wrong,” said Bah Ronnie.
According to the Khasi Khasi, Jirabam District was newly created by the Government of Manipur in
The Joint Director of the Board, Bah M Marbaniang, said that this step was taken after the Board found that many schools have not been able to pass the examinations. children to 50 percent for three or four years while receiving a high salary from the government.
“The place where she was killed is very long.
Last year, the Safety Audit conducted on the Umiam Bridge showed that the safety of the bridge during the passage of vehicles is still adequate.
Besides, the Seng said that every year the state government spends crores of rupees for the development of health centers in the rural areas far from the urban areas to ensure health facilities.
Security forces have stepped up their patrols in the area after the incident.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: The BJP Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, wants to become the Syiem of Meghalaya and his wife. “Meghalaya is not a Hima for Mukul Sangma to treat himself as Syiem and Dikanchi will be the queen,” said Nalin Kohli, who came to Shillong to campaign for NPP candidate Conrad K Sangma. K Branch.
The gold medal winners included Heprit Isapynbiang Lyngdoh, 8, Heprit Support Dkhar, Reyana Syiemsad, Banpynkhraw Warshong and Thangoulian Manlun.
Approximately 17 percent of participants drank two to three units per day, while less than 5 percent drank more than three units per day.
Wildlife officials, who do not allow people to stand too close and do not allow to feed these birds, have taken action to guard these birds as these are the Himalayan Vultures that have been killed. “There is no need to turn shajan to protect people from diseases because these birds eat rotten animals and it may affect the health of people,” said Bah. SP Lamare urged the public not to stand too close to these birds.
The benefits are in relation to the prevention of environmental degradation but on the other hand it also leads to economic stagnation and increased crime.
But when that man falls into the trap, we leave him alone.
The DMHO also expressed its concern about the delay in opening the Maternity and Child Hospital Panaliar Jowai, where the DMHO has informed that the government has already allocated the posts at the hospital but there is still a shortage of doctors. and it is on this basis that the opening of this hospital has been delayed.
We are waiting for this disease to end, but we don't know when it will end. We are waiting for a cure for this disease, but we don't know when the scientists will find that cure. .
This assistance amounts to T.1,500 crore for the Shishu MUDRA loan.
(Gen.2:24).
Furthermore, it was seen that the area has become flat without seeing the houses of these illegal immigrants and also the beds, bedding, khiew shet khiew tiew and other household items that are not visible. I can't see those who have been thrown into the streets.
He said that the relevant authorities should take action otherwise the party will take other strong measures to listen to the government.
The elders call this time of marriage Nai-khatsawsynnia. At this time the husband and wife have already prepared themselves together with their thoughts. tnum u tyndai is a household that is an example to its neighbors.
Heroin is very expensive.
D) from North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) in the subject Tourism and Hotel Management, on the thesis “Event Tourism in Meghalaya: Status, Prospects and Challenges”, under the supervision of Dr SK Kulshreshtha.
On the other hand, the young woman and all the relatives want that this man should not be released from jail but should be imprisoned for life.
The pandemic should bring closeness, love and support for each other.
Because it has been seen that Russia has invaded Ukraine for 10 years and it is also said that it is very good for Finland to join the NATO list, for the sake of Happiness if anything happens later.
It was also announced that there will be a Last Round, which will be more expensive.
On this occasion, the lympung was conducted by Br.
He said that plastics with 50 micron or more have been ordered to be allowed.
The team is investigating whether Ajay received help from local residents when he escaped from the custody of the police.
This is part of the fundraising for the Council, although it is small.
During the investigation, it was found that the two occupants of the vehicle, Shri Samim Ahmed Mazarbhuiya (40) were released. ), who is from Silchar, District Cachar, Assam.
Magistrates and Police raided the Bihari households on the order of the Court for illegally occupying the property of Kong Silvinia Kharkongor.
“From now on, we will continue to do more to other villages and townships, from now on we will try to seek assistance from the government but as the Model Code of Conduct is in force, I don't. “I can go and ask for donations but I have to follow the guidelines of the government,” said Bah Surong.
He said that the laying of the foundation stone for the construction of the new office of the BDO is not for the benefit of the BDO alone or for the employees or even for the leader but it will be for the benefit and benefit of the BDO. for the people of the constituency and the villages in need.
The NPP has contested against the Minister and MLA from East Shillong, Ampareen Lyngdoh from the Shillong Parliamentary seat.
The District Magistrate has imposed a curfew to ensure peace and order in the area.
Speaking on the occasion, James H. Mawphniang, Assistant General Secretary, KSU Central Body, as the chief guest, congratulated the KSU Mawlangwir Unit for organizing this event. come forward in their studies in various examinations.
Greville Kharlukhi in the presence of JHDS Director Fr. Manbha Pakem, JHDS Coordinator Denis Kurkalang and other staff of JHDS. Certificates and cupboards were distributed to 20 trainees.
Jackiush M Sangma, Congress candidate, PN Syiem, PDF candidate, MM Danggo, former Ranikor MLA, has also filed his nomination papers today. register today.
The death anniversary of the Father of India, Mahatma Gandhi was also celebrated on this day.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the president of Khooid Ya Ka Wah Myntdu, KL Pariat, said that the meeting discussed the money donated by one of the contractors, Friday Hinge T. Five lakh for the improvement of Myntdu.
Include a spirit of service to others.
The number of new cases of Coronavirus in India has risen to 4,01,993 in the past 24 hours. The death toll has risen to 3,5
Signal Ch Sangma is one of the GNLA members involved in the assassination of former Minister Saleng Sangma in July last year.
At the same time, the CEM said the Council will convene a meeting of the Chiefs of Dorbar Shnongs and Himas to discuss the situation in the state.
Many drinking water sources may disappear completely after a while due to insufficient rainfall.
Phrangki Buam is the son of Childa Buam and Manmi Kassar.
Khliehriat, March 21: The Daistong Presbyterian Youth Church, East Jaintia Hills District, today laid the foundation stone for the construction of a three-storey office on an area of ​​1020 square meters. feet.
“Although the works are progressing well, it is necessary to improve the working methods as I have already spoken to the Chief Engineer and the contractors to ensure that the project should be completed on time,” he said. Suck.
It added “From the information, which I have, the people who were arrested from the resort by the police on the evening of 22 May 2022, were visiting the resort and vehicles that They were arrested by the police and those who were involved in the incident were arrested.
Hek said, “I don't understand the Gaming Act, which has been introduced by the state government, because if you say that the Gaming Act has been introduced by the state government, it is not only for the Gaming Act. part of the casino, but will include many games including jackpot and team shooting"
In his speech, he said that it is encouraging and pleasant to see that the Seng Khasi is fighting to preserve its own customs and traditions and congratulated them for this.
“Many of the cases are still in the early stages of investigation.
It is terrible to fall into these traps which cannot be seen from the beginning, but it is only when those who have been trapped have reached the point where they can no longer hide that they can be seen publicly. .
They said that many of those people who take their own lives are trying to escape the suffering they are facing and this often happens to those people who have lost their way and who have not There are those who encourage them in such a time of trouble.
The price is also according to the size of the shops.
Aamir is currently married to Kiran Rao, with whom he has a nine-year-old son, Azad.
In his speech, CEM of KHADC Titosstarwell Chyne said that the lesson they have learned is to follow the example of Tirot Singh and not to rely on others and that no one shall allow the right to be taken away by others.
Khanduli every year with the permission of the JHADC, they have gone to cut down trees and there has been no interference from any authority, but now the officers of the Assam Forest Department have come to take over. This is the place near Mokoiram.
The new certificate was distributed to the Rangbah Shnongs at the Auditorium of Mawlai Polytechnic.
To talk about money, everyone only loves it and everyone knows it because without it in this age of knowledge it is over, not a single person can live without it.
He said that even the officials of ICAR Umïam including Dr VL Verma Director, Dr M Bilashini Devi who is a scientist, Dr Vanlalruati and Dr HD Talang, came to hold the event. Training on how to cultivate various kinds of plants such as flowers, skud and other plants.
He said that the strength of the state is due to the presence of the youth, so a program like YESS Meghalaya provides an opportunity for the youth to participate in the activities to ensure that the strength of the state is deployed in the country. to do meaningful and good works.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Commissioner Secretary, Dr Vijay Kumar, Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, Isawanda Laloo, Working President of the Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs. MSOA, John F Kharshiing, General Secretary Finely Pariat and others.
In her place, O Panneerselvam was elected to lead the new government, as per Jayalalithaa's wishes.
In addition, a good infrastructure will also encourage young people to explore new opportunities.
The tournament was organized by the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills with the participation of 26 schools and 824 participants in various sports. Saitsnad, Mawlangwir, South West Khasi Hills District.
The District Council which stands on the foundation to preserve the country and the nation, our customs and traditions and the sacred heritage of the nation should immediately remove these people who have started to appear. to turn into myrsiang who intend to destroy the sacred heritage of the Jaitbynriew.
We are surprised in the state because they (candidates) have also applied for tickets from Shillong and Tura and we think that the BJP will fight anyway,” said Prestone. Their wisdom (BJP) perhaps the thinking of the High Command (BJP) is the best because the NPP is working within the National Democratic Alliance (led by the BJP).
When there is a dispute in the Villages, Elaka or Hima, when it affects the body, they start telemalishing the EMI/c Elaka Admin or the CEM of the District Council.
There was also a new award known as the Kelvin Cine Writers Award to recognize the contribution of story writers to the development of the film industry in Meghalaya.
It is said that the 12-year-old sister is mentally disabled and he used to take advantage of her. my brother.
He said that the opening of this hospital is only an election campaign for the people of this area.
Is the judgment of the NCST, a government agency appointed under Article 338A of the Constitution of India, wrong? The border dispute in Meghalaya is due to the failure to fulfill the provisions of the IOA & AA in which the Khasi states have been forcibly occupied within the border of Assam since 1950 and have been ruling by force. through the Sixth Schedule.
Indeed, in the past, those preachers from across the sea tried to mislead our ancestors by saying that only Christianity can lead us to the path of eternal life.
The Act was proposed to be submitted to the KHADC but was passed by the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and approved by the Governor on 23 May .
Speaking to Rupang, the CEM of KHADC said that after receiving information on the construction of the casino in Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District, he sought clarification from the Syiem of Raid Marwet. NOC to build a casino in this area.
Almost every day two hours of time were stolen from working hours.
The new system was inaugurated by the Executive Member of the Information Technology Department together with the Executive Member of the Taxation Department Bah Fantin J Lakadong in the presence of the Executive Member of the Development Department Bah C Sohshang. and EM Arts & Culture Bah Victor Rani.
The child was treated at NEIGRIHMS, where about 7 liters of salt water was used to clean each tor covered with khleiñ.
It has a short, hand-coloured shniuh and a 5 feet tall ryngieng.
The NRC was implemented on the orders of the Supreme Court and the first list was released on 31st November 2017 and 1st July 2018. Out of the 3.29 crore people in Assam, it was confirmed that There are 1.9 crore citizens of the state, while more than 2 crore others are still under investigation by the Assam government.
The petition was signed by UC Kharkongor and UC Marbaniang.
Khongwir said the state government has taken note of this and will fulfill its responsibility.
She said that there are times when the BSF returns the goods and there are times when they don't return the goods.
However, to base it on religious feelings, feelings of family, feelings of village, feelings of clan is only a short-sighted thinking and a shortsightedness of politics and khaddar rule.
In this regard, the leaders of FKJGP Maweit Circle, on Friday, went to the PWD department to repair this road.
The union urged the Meghalaya government to immediately resolve such violence and if the state government remains silent, the time will come when there will be a lot of work to destroy and destroy. There is no time left, and where can we improve the development of the villages?
In his welcoming remarks, Dr.BDR Tiwai said he was very pleased to remember and look back on how these states were acquired.
If the people don't like the NPP party, it's like the Garo party or the AITC party in Kolkata, the MLAs who will win again will die. there is like a dead body in the thit.
At the meeting, after hearing that there was opposition from the people, these Ministers promised to stop the allocation of land and promised to inform about the matter. to the Durbar Raid and to inform the villages about this.
“The citizens are exempt from paying Income Rax but we have to ask if there are those who deposit money who are well off, where do they get money or if there are those who deposit with them,” she said.
Maitshaphrang Club opened the scoring in the 15th minute through Meban Rynjah.
There was also a dialogue between the Jaintia Students and the Karbi Anglong Students on the border dispute.
Shillong: A Bangladeshi national has been arrested by the residents of Muktapur village in West Jaintia Hills.
He said that after the clashes intensified, the district authorities sent to shoot to intimidate the people by shooting in the air and in this clash there were also injuries to people. and security forces.
They were the patients, who had contracted the disease, and their companions, who had returned to Guwahati from Mumbai with a 13-year-old child.
Those over 18 years of age will be able to get their injections at government hospitals from July 21, he said in a televised address.
The relatives of the child said that while he was playing, the child entered the transformer and the place where the transformer was installed. there was no lock.
In Meghalaya, especially in the districts, the distance has been tens of kilometers.
The Association would be pleased if the Bench could be established in any part of Garo Hills and suggested that it would be better to set it up in Williamnagar as it is the center of traffic.
Mawlai SC won the match 1-0
He said that the Lokayukta is not under the full control of the state government because the goal is for the Lokayukta to give an impartial judgment and it is not a government department.
He was appointed General Secretary of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee in 1975 and held this post until
Although the death of the child has shocked many, the cause of the death has not yet been determined as police are conducting a thorough investigation.
On the other hand, former Umroi MLA, Bah Ngaitlang Dhar, father of Bah Dasakhiat, said that during the election campaign, there is only hatred for the NPP and those who are rich. and other things shall be done.
For his part, he said that he did not want to end like this.
Caramai Kharkongngor, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, said that since 1960, the policy of the government has been to provide electricity to all the villages. Saubhagya, a scheme which provides electricity to villages and every household to solve the problems and provide convenience to the people.
During our journey to Nongriat in these few days, we have met strangers from Italy, Israel, Switzerland, etc. and from all over India, men and women, who have come Visit this wonderful little village, and almost all those who have to carry siej trees, which cost 20 tyngka each, to climb and descend the rivers, which only the young men and the elderly , which can reach the root bridges and Weitngam Valley, Rainbow Falls.
Oniram Nongrum, you are a school teacher.
This decision was taken at a meeting chaired by the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Bah DM Wahlang to discuss the prices of various mur in the district.
At the summit, Amazon announced a number of initiatives to boost India's digital economy and exports, in line with India's commitment.
For if that first covenant had been faultless, then no place would have been sought for a second.
“I had eaten at Sudarshan Guest House at 2:30 pm and in the evening, I went to the temple to perform puja.
Bah Kharpran said that if the children are still in power, the family, the counting of families is still strong because in the agreement the child is the leader, but there is a child who is no longer in power. your personal action.
Before the launch of the scheme, the Prime Minister laid a wreath at the India International Convention and Expo Center in Dwarka.
Shillong: U Juvinia Lanong, wife of Bah David Lyngdoh Marshillong, has lodged a complaint at Laitumkhrah Police Station, saying that her husband has gone missing from their residence in Nongrimbah, Laitumkhrah Block-4
However, one of the towers which the company has erected in Sangriang village, has not been operational for 10 months.
He said that sometimes the drivers of two wheelers do not believe and act improperly even when they see people using diengduhlieh walking on the road.
The meeting was attended by ADM Donny M Wahlang, DIG Mahendra Singh, ND Bahugana, SEC DIG, SK Singh DIG, SP. Hubert Lyngdoh, DIGP A Sunn and others.
JOWAI: The School Managing Committee of Panaliar Secondary School, Jowai has awarded 15 students who have passed well in the SSLC examination of the MBOSE.
Ardent said the Meghalaya government has also promised to the people of the state that the Meghalaya government has taken a step that the arrangement will be on the basis of “Give and take markylliang ia areas in the border areas of both the states.
However, she didn't understand and imagine how that would happen when her mother was at home... So she decided that whatever happened didn't happen... She turned her mind only to her remaining exam. While Rida was continuing to write her exams, Panah also went every day to congratulate her on her success.
According to the results of the research and experiments of Dr. Nandi and Mr. Bhattacharyya at the Citrus Research Station at Burnihat, about 50 miles from Shillong, they found that the soh sying tree Bengalee Pani Jamir (Citrus Ilmonia variety Iimetta) is the best, according to its size and growth in the field.
The Chief Minister has already convened a meeting with legal experts and government officials next month.
A case under the Narcotic Drugs and Phototrophic Substances (NDPS) Act has been lodged at the police station and the investigation is ongoing, police said.
The first category was won by Beltina Pyngrope of Mawpat, followed by Leena Ryntathiang of Mawpat.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) on Tuesday said that the introduction of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) to amend the Constitution is only an amendment to protect the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Dr. Mukul Sangma on his Schedule Tribe status.
The state is rich in Khyndaw products.
“The report on 07/10/2023 should be submitted by the Deputy Commissioner to the Committee,” he said.
Many of the bodies that remained dead have not been identified, although the identification of the bodies of the deceased is the responsibility of the Police.
The Chief Secretary also inaugurated the Tribal Pride march by the tribal pride groups.
This has shocked all those others who do not have the spirit to accept Hindi, the Devnagri character in their own understanding, such as the leaders of DMK, Congress, TMC and to say the least. the party is the opposite party.
The driver reveals many of the good deeds that the lawyer has done and that he has met himself.
This can be disturbing to many writers especially school children.
She said that the construction of the bridge will be in the evening, as it will not disturb the people coming and going as it is a busy market place.
On Saturday, the Super Division match will be between Nangbah Mulang and Mynthong.
Delhi Police have recovered the body of a woman identified as Wandalin Konger, resident of Munirka, House No 262(A) in Delhi. The victim was identified as a resident of Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District.
The rituals that complete the raij include the Knia Syiem Pyrthat, the Knia Kupli and Yale, the Knia Klam and Ram Shyllong and finally we have completed the Ryngkaw Knia. which is the largest religious festival in the Mukhla Seiñraij.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: 300 foreign workers, who work in four penny companies in Ri War Shella, have been without proper documents.
As the saying goes, 'The law is above all,' the law should be implemented as it is and no one should be protected.
And there was no one to argue with this.
They know that they are so small that they cannot be seen even under a microscope.
Other awards presented on the occasion include Visitor's Best Award to Lipavi Yepthomi, LLB, Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam Best PG Student Award to Jhuma Khatun MA Rural Development, Chancellor's Award to Khughali G Assumi. MA Political Science and PA Sangma Best Undergraduate Award went to Atiqur Rahman B.Sc.
They have already appeared in Court as usual.
There was no other great war, but this was between Israel only because of the jealousy and hatred of Israel.
Six of them will compete in the 24th online cluster final.
Palestinian authorities say the death toll in Gaza has risen to more than 35,000 in months.
Shillong, Naitung, 27: “To talk about the Khanduli and Psiar is meaningless as they still fall under Meghalaya.
“Isn't it our duty to protect our fellow citizens?” asked Bah Louis.
Misra was interrogated for 12 hours by Lakhimpur Kheri police. Upendra Agarwal, Deputy Inspector General of Police (DIG), Saharanpur, said that Ashisha Misra was arrested for refusing to cooperate with the police and for not answering questions. The incident occurred in Lakhimpur Kheri.
Rangdajied United (Group-B) and MSL 2019 champions Shillong Lajong (Group-C) will face each other in the first semi final at 1:30 pm at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. you are in Jowai.
Bah Chyne said that besides the creation of Sohra district, the residents should also turn to the issue of income generation and employment opportunities.
Macron was visiting Drome, in northern France, and met with restaurant owners and students to discuss the post-pandemic situation.
Shah said that during the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, a social agreement with the NLFT was signed in 2019, an agreement with the Bru and Bodo in 2020 and an agreement with the Karbi in in 2021 they are completed.
Eligible participants must be 5.4 inches tall and unmarried.
The State Government's decision to start the market in the border areas and the release of construction work is unnecessary especially at this time. and it is also a lack of responsibility of the state government to fight against the virus.
“In my personal opinion, the roster system should be implemented from now on and not from the past,” said Bah Hek. It is important to review the Reservation Policy as it stands and to conduct a consultation and discussion by inviting all stakeholders.
Other new office bearers of the High Court include Sr Advocate HL Shangreiso and Sujit Dey as Vice Presidents, Pillan T Sangma and Deity Majaw as Secretaries and Queenborn Lamare as Treasurer.
May the soul of Bah Sumar Sing Sawian rest in peace.
John Madur Vicar General of the State of Shillong
They want us the people to follow the laws they have set, but they themselves are breaking what they have set.
I am sure that Meghalaya will continue to grow and emerge as the most beautiful tourist destination not only in India but also in the world,” said Sangma.
Women are dressed in gold and silver jewelry so that they can benefit from these jewelry and wearing them regularly from an early age can help strengthen their bones.
During his visit to the village, Zenith saw that people have built barracks on the road to cook and drink for the purpose of getting food and drink. Administration to do whatever is necessary for these people affected by this heavy rainfall.
An earthquake measuring 6.1 on the Richter scale struck at 5:15 AM on Thursday. The epicenter of the quake was located in Myanmar at latitude 22.77 north and longitude East.
Meanwhile, the match between Mynthong and Sohmynting ended in a draw without a goal.
The Meghalaya BJP is eager to nominate its own candidate as it has not forgotten the 90,000 votes it received in the 2014 MP elections.
“We will consider this and discuss in the EC how to improve the donation and also the schools,” said Executive Member of the Development Department, Bah Martle N Mukhim in reply to a question.
When asked about the claim that foreigners (Dkhars) are better at building houses, churches and others, these mysteries said that in fact there is no such thing. the difference, in that what these foreign workers can do they can also do.
The Congress leader, who is also a member of the Lok Sabha from Shillong, also expressed his concern over the decline in education in the last five years and the lack of schools.
We have been able to build 1200 Km of rural roads under PMGSY in these years.
At present, the KSU said that there are only two C&RD Block in the district, Mawkyrwat and Ranikor and this has caused suffering to the people of the district which covers an area of ​​1,341km square. and whose population exceeds 1,15,0
However, between 1600-25 AD, they were invaded by the Syiem Kashari (according to history, we too were invaded) and fled to parts of Jaintia Hills and lived under their rule and administration. to the King of Jaintia Hills.
Anger comes from expectations - the expectation of raising perfect children.
In the past, they used to cut down tall trees and build many floors, but now they don't build many floors anymore.
Speaking on the occasion, the invited guests expressed their satisfaction that the youth of the area have such ideas to promote sports for the school children which was held after 2 years of meeting. ing because of the lockdown on covid
For the same purpose, on the 20th, Shillong City BJYM held a meeting at Khyndai Lad and today at Mawlai NEHU, as well as in other districts Nongstoin, Khliehriat and Umsning.
Therefore, as the senior leader of the Seng, I urge you members not to take sides on any issue, especially regarding the border issues, because if the members of the Seng go to sit in the Border villages, the most difficult problems will be faced by the people living in such villages.
The order was issued by the East Garo Hills District Administration.
Besides driving fast, drinking and eating, playing music, which is true, not only causes danger to those who sit or the driver, but also to the people who walk. on the streets, which sometimes are slapped and turned into paralyzed hands and feet just because of a momentary shock, it brings back a lifetime of suffering to the people who walk and stand.
The Prime Minister advised the children not to allow the problem to turn into a victim.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang, said that the initial investigation of the police has revealed that the theft of money from the ATM should have been 16 numbers of the ATM card.
On the other hand, SURE's goal is to learn how to preserve the traditional food, the traditional farming that the ancients taught because in today's world many of the children today do not know the traditional food.
Shillong, June 24 : The three ADCs - Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), JHADC and Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) today demanded that the State Government should provide an accurate account of their share of minor & major taxes and motor vehicle tax.
It is necessary to show the image of women so that other Khasi men will not fall into such a type of women.
Bah Martle was welcomed by the party at a meeting held recently at Jongksha, Mawkynrew.
According to sources, all the games of the tournament have been scheduled to start from 18-27th July this year and cricket for the visually impaired has been included. also now at the World Games for the first time.
“Suddenly, there was a young woman, who was walking along the road, this man was watching a video in front of the young woman,” said the Asst.Rangbah Shnong.
The governor’s job doesn’t end with just reading a speech in the Legislature.
So far, the polling or election of those leaders has gone smoothly although there are 95 Polling Stations without risk and 54 Polling Stations without risk, according to the Election Commission in Ri Bhoi.
The prizes are as follows Prizes – 1 st Prize 7,000/- 2 nd Prize 5000/-, 3 rd Prize 3,000/-  consolation prize 4 to 8 th Finisher Rs 1,000/- individually, Veteran Top 50+ Finyeshers (5) nurse.
He said such a thing happens only in the states, where there is no understanding between the Governor and the state government or between the state government and the central government as happened in West Bengal and Tamil Nadu.
The President of the Kyrmen Foundation, Bah Fourness Dkhar, said that the Kyrmen Foundation has many objectives to be fulfilled for the benefit of the disabled. The Ephohatha Society in collaboration with the Kyrmen Foundation has started opening a school in the district for those with disabilities. Therefore, this camp was held today to inform all the parents who have children with disabilities that this school will open soon and to send their children to attend this school.
Prof. Niaz Majumdar from the American International University, Dhaka, Bangladesh presented and spoke on the topic of art and creativity as tools of education entitled “Education through Arts and Aesthetics: Teaching the Philosophy of Rabindranath Tagore”.
When she couldn't think of it anymore, she got up and went to sleep.
In terms of India's 'Most Valued Celebrity', not only movie stars have been named but even the country's famous sports stars have been named.
However, there are other government sources who have estimated that there are lakhs of people and others who have estimated that there are about 80,000 people. IAS are throwing away their numbers and are given only about 50 thousand.
“We parents strongly warn the MUA II government of Mukul Sangma to take responsibility if the youth of Mawlai and the Hynniewtrep people go to take up arms and carry guns again. .
In the afternoon, thousands of people came out to witness the funeral of Khnong Blai and left for the funeral at Pohsawiar.
At present, tourism is well developed in the rural areas of India and Meghalaya is no less prominent.
In anger, he immediately left the place of writing and went to write to another woman, who was nearby.
At the same time, he said that when it comes to protecting the identity and culture, the ILP is a powerful tool to protect the indigenous peoples, culture and the citizens.
Shillong, July 20: The Joint Director of Health Services (SS), Shillong, on Tuesday said that no one has come to take the body of a patient named Ramu. Sharma, 70, resident of Motinagar, Shillong, who was admitted to the hospital on 27.05.2022 and died on 17.06.2022 at 3 pm.
The voting closed at 5 pm on 27th June.
Why does AIS Suja preach religion in the newspaper?
The main objective of the BJP is to set up Booth Level Committees to work hard for the victory of the candidates in the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections, he said. State President of BJP Meghalaya State Unit Bah Ernest Mawrie.
Speaking to Rupang on Thursday before going to the polls for the MDC election, Bah Latiplang said that the MDC election to be held on the 24th of June will be held on the 24th of June. in the will of the people whom they will support to become the Leader of the District Council.
That is good news for us that we are saying 'Good'
The different ways of speaking and writing the Khasi language and perhaps linguists should still be examined because they are the perfect snapshot of the Khasi language and writing.
Ranikor, 'Nailur 15: It is a very sad thing and puts them in many difficulties because of the lack of roads and streets, the people have had to ride by boat built by themselves. and they shall sing together the siej, and shall not hold the wah blei from one side to the other.
“Many of the works have been shown to be in progress and some have not yet started but the funds have been released up to 50 percent and have already been withdrawn by the Committee,” said the GLCDS. 1,34,99,085 crore.
Shillong: A meeting of former deficit teachers of Meghalaya will be held on 28th November 2019 at Mawkhar Christian Higher Sec School, Mawkhar Shillong at 11.00am to discuss the problems and challenges faced by deficit teachers. from time to time, especially after retirement.
On 4th June 2019, Lavasa said that his presence at the EC meeting was meaningless, as his opposition was not written in the decisions of the EC.Shillong: One Mohan Boro, 27, son of Gojen Boro, Umtyrnga, Ribhoi District, has committed suicide by hanging himself at his residence. on the 22nd of November
Kishan and Ram continued the match this morning by scoring 68 and 61 respectively.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets in Mizoram to protest against the discrimination against the Kuki, Hmar, Mizo and Zumi communities in Manipur.
According to information, the Governor's request for clarification was on the protest of the Thma u Rangli (TUR), Seng Khasi Mawsynram, and others who have lodged a complaint with the Governor's Office. This VAB has not been accepted because it is still incomplete.
He said that the entry of foreigners, the right to marry and do business in the country by foreigners, are the threats that the nation should protect.
St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Nongthymmai came second with 19 medals, 8 Gold, 3 Silver and 8 Bronze medals while H. Elias Higher Secondary School, Nongthymmai came second. She won 6 medals including 4 Gold and 2 Bronze.
After discussing all the matters, Niakha left and went to the market.
A five-month-old child, who was killed in a bomb blast in Colombo on Sunday, was buried today.
Even Bah Renikton Tongkhar Minister PHE Etc came to ensure that the village should have enough water at that time.
that is the trick of the devil.
Before the distribution of the gifts, a prayer was offered by Bah W War and the gifts were handed over by these elders.
The meeting was attended by Rikynti Marweiñ of Highland Post, Powell Sohkhlet of Mawphor, Bhabok Laloo of PCN and Rining Lyngdoh of Nongsaiñ Hima.
Therefore, all the residents are requested to come to these offices and bring their EPIC, Certificate from the MLA/Government Officer to prove that they are residents.
To mention a little bit here, it would be a mistake if the sentence “This is our own house” is mispronounced as “This is our own house” or “Lane our own house”.
What!! Don't be discouraged on this issue and as a person who is trying to work and dedicate himself to his country I will always be with you and whatever I can I will try without hesitation just because there are disruptors one and two.
“Once the Bharatiya Janata Party government is formed in the state a committee led by Supreme Court judge will probe all the corruption cases and all culprits will be put behind the bar by following all norms laid down by our Constitution," he added.
The proportion of SCs/STs is proportional to the population.
Nongpoh: Police today recovered the body of Santus Sunar (35) from Assam, who committed suicide at Umiam Lake.
But at that moment, Rida came out and said, “You're too late... I'm too late, Babu.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 10: Police in Ri Bhoi District today night arrested Samla Baiateilang Lapang, President of the Ri Bhoi Youth Organization (RBYO) for further investigation. pump is not available in Byrnihat.
There will be five days of the dorbar and the days of government business will be on the 21st, 25th and 27th of November. on 24th and 26th November 2018, according to a statement from the Commissioner & Secretary, State Legislative Assembly.
In another match, Myrjai beat Chyrmang Wah 1-0
“The border that we have been fighting for so long has not been resolved and for 46 years we have had our own state, but we don't have the right border to resolve it. There are many problems with the border because of the many problems and the government will not be able to remove these problems right now and I don't want to promise what I don't want. I don't know why, but I promise to take action slowly because there are many ways and means to resolve the border issue. If there is no proper border, there will be clashes, bloodshed and killings and we on the part of the government will arrange to invite all the sordars and riew rangbah. Langpih area together with the MLA to discuss,” said Bah Dohling.
The abductee was rescued by the East Jaintia Hills Police along with seven other abductors.
We don't want to violate the laws of the government because we are afraid of being imprisoned by the government authorities.
Thei too should think about the future.
On the following day, the 15th, the Rangbah Kur had already held a meeting with the village leaders regarding the destruction of the house and the stoning and shooting of the children of the family.
The willingness of foreigners to trade illegally and freely within the border of Jaintia Hills has put the indigenous people in great danger in all aspects,” said the statement from AJYWO. to conduct an urgent awareness campaign on the importance of the Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) and the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC).
“This has encouraged us and we have tried our best to protect and improve the beautiful places in these four villages,” said Tyrnit. The valleys, the rivers are suitable for walking and the forests have all kinds of plants and wildlife.
Who will think of the country and the nation anymore? If there are only a few, how can they be saved?  Patriots during elections later become selfish and betray the nation that elected them to fight and defend for the country and the nation.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the Wahiajer Multi Sports Complex and said that the government has set a target to increase the number of sports construction projects in the country. the last 45 years.
Laitkyrhong beat Nongkrem SC 5-0 while Langsning FC won easily as Lamlynti SC did not come out to score today.
On 11-5-2020, the Central Government has released the Devolution Revenue Deficit Grand 2020-21 and when comparing the share of Meghalaya with other states, The Central Government has allocated tens of thousands of lakh crores for others, but only Rs 4 billion for Meghalaya.
Following the NGT order dated 11th October 2022 which gave up to two months to the MSPCB to complete the order to the coke factories to pay Environment Compensation, the department The MSPCB has failed to do so and after this the NGT has given two months to complete the works as per the order issued on 11th October
Those spectators were confused for a while, as it was thrown into the air, in a very large coin, but because of the crowd, they were able to throw the coin back into the air. field.
From Nongskhen, the contest will be between Grace Mary Kharpuri, incumbent MDC, UDP Banalari Khongwar and Congress Anthony Kongwang.
All these new leaders took the pledge to work for the good of the college in the presence of the Principal of Kiang Nangbah Government College S.De.
Emanuel Suchen joined the HNLC in 2002 but in 2008 he was arrested and charged under the MPDA and imprisoned for three years. After being released from prison, he returned to Sengkiengatiar and today he surrendered.
Therefore, what we need is that sicknesses and sufferings come but when they come throw them to our Lord because He has power over all sicknesses.
Meanwhile, Rgh.Synroplang Kharshiing, Asst.Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie, who said that the following is a mistake, urged the members of the Seng to be strong in the traditional religion as allocated. u Blei the Creator Creator of the universe.
Speaking on the occasion, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Arpit Upadhyay as the chief guest, congratulated the El Elyon Institute for taking the initiative to complete the training in the field of shñiuh. It is also an opportunity for them to start their own businesses and stand on their own feet.
If they have given, they should be abolished because as the union we see that in the past years, the existence of factories has benefited only a few and does not bring benefits to the residents and their fellow citizens. blood.
“The collaboration between water resource management and disaster preparedness is essential to protect the resources of Assam so that it can increase its income.
The party urges all the 60 MLAs to discuss this issue and find ways how to curb the smuggling of drugs in the state and also to pass strict and strong laws. power to punish drug traffickers in order to be able to as part of curbing drug trafficking and consumption in the state.
The Chief Minister and the district authorities of West Garo Hills have announced to conduct an inquiry into the collapse.
Mawkyrwat, July 13: U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Minister in charge of Water Supply and others in Meghalaya, today launched the foundation stone of the development schemes for the construction of The BDO, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block in the presence of Bah T. Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District. The meeting was held at the Multipurpose Hall, DC's Office, Laitlawsang.
In this regard, the Chief Guest, Most Rev. Wilbert Marweiñ, Bishop of Nongstoin Diocese, in the presence of Bah V.Swer MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills District, opened the ceremony. Dr. Lakyntiew Warjri Senior Scientist & Head KVK, Dr. Lakyntiew Warjri District Agriculture Officer Nongstoiñ.
The match was postponed to extra time to decide the winner but no goal was scored until the end of the first half.
Also present on the occasion were District Project Officer Elizabeth Kharjana, GA Lyngdoh, teachers and others.
Nongpoh: Two men from Umden La-ang village, Ri Bhoi, have died after being caught in electrical wires.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Kong Santa Mary Shylla said that she will assist Bah Paul Lyngdoh in the need for footpaths to reach the beautiful valley in Narwan for the development of the country. tourism in this area.
The drone was shot down and fought against.
At least 150 electricians in Tapovan-Reni have been missing and are believed to have died in the floods, the Indo-Tibetan Border Police said.
From that moment on, the woman disappeared.
That Advocacy on “Culture” is in conflict with “Culture Improvement” (“Culture”!!).
At the same time, Mawrie said he stands on the ground that the government should set up a CBI inquiry into the allegation of illegal mining and trade in coal in the state.
Without the MNREGA scheme, even tourism in the rural areas would suffer.
Joshi, 85, won from Kanpur in 2014, but BJP leaders have said he will not contest this time.
In the distance, it was covered with trees to allow people to walk without having to step on the tree trunks.
“It is unfortunate that the MUDA issue was discussed in the House on 19th November, 2015, but the news has come out that Bah Ardent has disappeared from the House. MUDA, as the people, should judge and decide on this.
Shillong, July 18 : UDP President, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, on Tuesday said that all candidates need money to contest the elections. but it does not mean to use the power of money to buy the rights of the voters.
Jowai, Jymmang 22: A group of people from different villages have been arrested in East Jaintia Hills.
(4) the righteous are appointed to judge in heaven with Jesus.
She also asked that if they work in government departments, why don't they send them to the quarters or residential buildings used by that department? Why do you have to give a special place to all the ethnic groups in Them Mawbah?
HDR Lyngdoh is a former Minister of Home Affairs and is also the UDP candidate from Sohiong constituency.
Lumshyiap FC beat Nongkhyriem FC by 2 runs.
It is not possible to write in detail the meaning of this topic in this article, but the main points are sufficient.
Shillong, July 11: The North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) today released the results of the II Yr B.Com examination. Those who passed Honor passed better than those who passed General or passed in terms of percentage.
“This morning (Tuesday) I sent my husband to go and make some payments for my daughter.
Thus we see that God did not put the spirit of fear but Satan.
“We have already held a meeting with all the parties where there have been meetings with various parties, the District Council, the leaders of the political parties and others,” he said.
The body of Kong Kharbani was found in one room, while the bodies of Bah Dohtdong and Bah Kharkrang were found in another room.
In a notification issued by Dr Andrew Simon Commissioner & Secretary to the Legislative Assembly, “We have recognized Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Member of Legislative Assembly (MLA), as the Leader of the Legislative Assembly. against in the Legislative Assembly of the State and this will come into force from 8th July”.
The Parade Commander Major T.Shengboi Singh of 58 GTC led the parade to celebrate the Independence Day.
From infancy, childhood, youth to old age, the LORD has already placed that wisdom in the minds of mankind.
He said that they have been allowed to showcase their talents without having to pay anything.
He said that although there are still some works to be done in the Horticulture, Education and PHE departments, he hopes that through the hard work of all the officers especially the authorities, The district is under the leadership of the Deputy Commissioner of the district.
When asked, he confirmed that the TMC will contest the Lok Sabha elections in both the constituencies (Shillong and Tura).
Shillong, November 29: Twenty-four cows worth T.5 lakh have been stolen from a truck at Zero Point, Ri-Bhoi district on the night of the 23rd of this month. by 8:30 p.m.
The Youth Congress (YNC) on Republic Day held a dharna outside Congress Bhavan in Tura and burnt the statues of Vincent, Deborah and North Tura candidate Billykid A Sangma and Gambegre Saleng. The Sangma.
Meanwhile, the leaders of the Sur ki Nong Mawlai, have thrown hundreds of these dates in front of the Secretariat, which is guarded by the Shillong Police.
He said that he has introduced the GST scheme in Mawlai Phudmuri and he will focus more on the schools which are mostly poor.
“After waiting for 10 hours and in fear of any tragic incident, we had to leave with great sadness,” Chaudhury said in a letter.
Since Tuesday, the death toll in Italy has risen to 1,420, showing that the outbreak has slowed in the country of 60 million people, which has been under lockdown since the 12th. Lber 2020 and that public meetings and many shops have been closed.
KL Pariat said that according to the rules, if anyone applies for RTI or the right to information from any department, the answer should be received from the PIO within 30 days, but even after the expiry of 30 days. “Therefore, this lack of reply from the PIO of JMB has prompted me to appeal to the CIC for his decision,” said KL Pariat.
He will visit the villages in the border areas and also the survey of the border areas.
According to the announcement, Sai Yei Sap Production & Entertainment has invited talented actresses/Supporting Actresses aged 18 to 30 years.
In terms of development, Mawshynrut still needs a lot of infrastructure whether it is health or education.
Both of them also visited those places of difference, flying from the air and on the ground.
Replying to a question by Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh in the House today, the Minister said, “The amount of money to be paid from NEEPCO and Other central government electricity distribution companies have reached T.527.07 crore till October this year”.
When he stopped thinking at work, he said to himself, “I'll decide later tonight.
According to a letter signed by the Chairman of Umlaper Village, Bah P.Pdang and the residents, sent to the Senior Manager of Amrit Company, Pawan Yadav, He said that there is a footpath to reach the national highway, which has been used by the people since ancient times which is about 4 kilometers long which has to pass through near the company and this road leads directly to the village. However, the company has now closed down this road by building a well and this has caused problems to the people in coming and going.
And it is not heard that the son, when he asks, should speak harshly to his father or to his mother.
He said that Touchline has trained about 70 children and hopes that from them, they will become proficient not only in basketball but also in football and other sports.
The Seng Khasi Umtyllun Sohsynnam, located in the Lawbah area of ​​four villages near Lawbah, Mawlyngbna and Mawtepiew, East Khasi Hills, about 75 km from Shillong, informs. On the 4th June 2024, the Shad Suk Mynsiem will be held at 11 pm and after that, at 2 pm, the Shad Suk Mynsiem will be held.
Shillong: The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday said that up to 100 posts of meter readers outside MeECL have been filled with the recognition of officials and those in power. to get lost because there is no Minister or high official to help.
Nehimaia said that during the tenure of Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma, Defense Minister Lahkmen Rymbui and several ministers visited the families of those who died in The surprising thing is that instead of watching and meeting with the Rangbah Shnong, Rangbah Dong to find out what happened.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (KEM) of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) Tuliram Ronghang today announced that the road from Kheroni to Jirikendeng will be constructed through Asom Mala.
"Perhaps listeners and readers may wonder about the question mark at the end of the words “Eternal Life”.
The briefing also aims to promote healthy eating and showcase the government’s initiatives to tackle malnutrition by promoting healthy eating habits.
The child, who did not want to be named, was taken from Ghazipur in Delhi near the Uttar Pradesh border.
Everyone wants to do the right things to improve himself, his family, his clan, his relatives, his community, and others.
Therefore, he urged that it is necessary for parents, SHGs, VOs, and all to cooperate and to have consultations and discussions in various areas so that such incidents will be rare and will become change agents in society as a whole.
Shillong, Lber 03: Shillong Lajong FC will continue their I-League match against Churchill Brothers FC at 7 pm today. you Tilak Field in Goa.
Shillong, July 23: The murder of a mother from New-Mawlangsu area on the 15th of this month has shocked the residents of Mawlangsu area. Although the robber who was involved in the crime has surrendered to the law enforcement authorities, on Friday, dozens of women under the leadership of the Union of Ki The Malangsu Area Women's Association (WPA) has visited the Superintendent of Police and the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District to demand that they should not release bail and demand an investigation. details in connection with the case in order to find out more about others involved in the crime.
Therefore, the Seng immediately suspended the implementation of the project after hearing the complaint of the land owners of Hingaria.
He said that although India has skilled teachers, it will take up to 80 years to receive the Nobel Prize.
He added that the shopkeepers have already requested for adequate security measures due to the Christmas season and due to the lack of security forces this step has led to the robbers to take advantage of the shopkeepers. confused many stores.
The program was initiated and supervised by the Ministry of Youth Affairs & Sports to clean up the surrounding areas and to educate the residents on how to keep clean and take care of the environment. It will be held from 15th September to 2nd October, 2023 across the country.
What do you think about this action of the scholars? I will tell you by quoting the words of the scholar Soso Tham who said, “There is nothing perfect”.
The Special Task Force (STF) of the Assam Police has stepped up its investigation to identify and track down the robbers involved in the drug trafficking in the state.
It is learned that a government official fled from the Secretariat when the gatekeepers asked for his ID and this angered him.
“The political leaders who used to speak against the residents of Them Metor have not said a word or visited this place to express their concern over this incident or to support the residents,” he said. “Therefore, we strongly urge the Central Government under your leadership to take immediate action and do whatever is necessary, not only to conduct an investigation into this recent violence, but also to to punish those involved in the smuggling of foreign citizens.
Meanwhile, Babu Kular Khongjirem, Secretary of the Committee, said that the purpose of the committee is to help the poorest who do not receive assistance from MLAs or leaders, or even from the blocks. ioh is the one who is rich.
Meanwhile, in Jaintia Hills, various villages and district authorities of East and West Jaintia Hills in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnongs have conducted cleanliness drives.
“177 years ago, Ri Khasi was still in darkness,” said the Pastor. He said that it was in that year that the KJP Assembly talked to the state government to honor U Khasi. Thomas Jones.
The funeral service will be held on 02.10.2020 at Darrang Village, Amlarem Sub Division.
In the past few months, the government has ordered the HNLC to send its top leaders to continue the talks. conversation ceased.
The CEM said that this is the beginning and it is also the pavement for better recognition of the services of the media in the years to come.
The ordination of Bishop Wilbert was conducted by the Archbishop of Shillong, Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh DD in the presence of Archbishop John Moolachira of Guwahati, Archbishop Dominic Lumon of Imphal. of the Holy Mass in the presence of other Priests and priests from other religious states from the North East in the presence of Archbishop Leopoldo Girelli. The Pope of India.
So there was war between them.
Shillong: Today, 9th June 2021, commercial vehicle drivers from Upper Shillong have marched to shout their demands from the State Government regarding petrol and diesel in the State.
Some women lack vitamins and iron in the body during pregnancy which leads to the deterioration of the health of the baby and also leads to later deterioration of the body.
Like you, I understand my own mistakes now that I am old.
On the same day, the Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) of East Jaintia Hills District was also honored by the Deputy Commissioner. He also honored another youth from the District, who has now escaped from the drug addiction, who has returned to a new life. 14 years old and has been drinking drugs for more than 20 years and now he has succeeded and can leave and return to a free and happy life, Bah Kyrmen Shylla has handed over the moment sha you are young.
The chief guest who was present to witness these two finals was one of the stars of sports whose name has remained until this day, said Bah Agustine Kharkongor. Aiban Dohling, Redeem Tlang, I.League player Samuel Shadap, Aiborlang Khongjee and Aibanjop Shadap have been present. Eugeneson Lyngdoh MLA Mawphlang Constituency and Treasurer of the Meghalaya Football Association Wanshan Kharkrang. .
The marriage of Khasi women has been excessive, compared to other ethnic groups, and we are excessive.
The amendment to the Act will allow the Government to borrow only 5 per cent for electricity generation projects.
“Those who used to go to Delhi (Congress MLAs), I have never met my friends who used to go to Delhi,” said Bah Rowel. as it appears these days and he is doing his job".
The State is now looking forward to other sources of electricity generation after the generation of electricity from hydropower by damming the rivers has not been satisfactory, and the Government will create mechanisms on how to build hydropower projects. coal and from the sun.
At the time of the burning of these two shops, many of the market dwellers who lived nearby had not yet arrived because it was still early in the morning. open shop.
He said that the attendance of the people at the meeting on that day has encouraged him once again that they will win when the results will be announced on the 2nd of October this year. .
Shillong: The North-Eastern Hill University (NEHU) will conduct the selection trials for Kickboxing, Wushu, Taekwondo, Judo (Men & Women). Men & Women), Boxing, Archery and Yoga from 23rd November 2019 at NEHU Permanent Campus, Shillong.
The injured was identified as Lt Saurakh Chaudhury, 47, of Lalpur, Assam.
When we say a leader, we mean a person who leads a group who has well organized the activities of that group.
The by-election in Tura will be held on 16th June after the death of MP Purno A Sangma in October.
Please note that before reading this article.
The Minister of Home Affairs, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui on Tuesday laid the foundation stone for the construction of the first Sub Divisional Hospital in Jaintia Hills and the second in the State.
According to the office bearers of the Khasi Jaintia Butchers Welfare Association (KJBWA), since the price of meat has been increased from T.280 to T.320 per kilo, the purchase of meat has decreased.
Thus, they remain shrah and rkhiang, such places if the area authorities produce lyer khluit and those wells near these places collapse.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 93649 and out of these 91950 have recovered and 1587 have recovered.
All the members of the Kur Tariang, men and women, Rangbah and Samla are invited to take their time to attend this General Meeting so that the work of the Sein Kur will be successful.
Which of these articles do you choose? Don't be foolish and don't let others take away the crown and the throne that God has prepared for you.
If we implement this law, there will be many complaints.
On the allegation that if the ARPA collapses, the UDP should take responsibility, Donkupar Sumer said that it is not only the UDP that should take responsibility. If the ARPA fails, the HSPDP should also take responsibility.
The creation of Meghalaya was also on the basis of raising the level of development to the level of other parts of the country.
The meeting was conducted by Rev. Dr. ES Langstieh and prayer was offered by Rev. KB Snaitang, Executive Secretary, KJP Western Synod.
“At the beginning of the scheme in the state;  4,550 households have received drinking water in their homes, but now it has reached 1,98,000 households who have received drinking water in their homes.
Speaking to reporters, NEC Secretary K Moses Chalai said, “We will improve and transform the bazaar.
“We will not allow the politicians to interfere with government departments because it affects income, and this is one of the problems when misusing what can be beneficial,” he said.
Croatia, who finished fourth in the world in 1998, and their goalkeeper Davor Suker won the Golden Boot. and as the player who scored the most goals in the World Cup.
The group of journalists praised the dignity and sustainable way of life of Meghalaya which has been in harmony with the environment since ancient times.
On July 5, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, MLA West Shillong Constituency, came forward to clarify the allegation from many churches that he left the state while there was a protest to demand reconciliation. the Reservation Policy.
However, as soon as Bah Shylla left for Shillong, the Dkhars were very happy and fled from their hiding places.
On the government's preparation to relocate them to the SMB quarters, Tynsong said the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) has not yet given its word to the government but the High Court (HC) has decided to relocate them to the SMB quarters. They shall answer within four months.
In a country like India, where people of different religions and ethnic groups live together, it is important to have leaders who have a true vision for the welfare of all ethnic groups. in society,” he said.
At the same time, Suchiang said that the NHAI's collection of revenue from the Tool Gate Plaza in Lumshnong will be meaningless if the work cannot be done properly. Thousands of vehicles pass through this national highway every day as it is also the road used by people from different states of the North East.
The carrom tournament will be held at the ground floor of the DC Office, Jowai and the badminton tournament will be held at the Indoor Sports Hall of the Seiñraij Jowai.
To this day in Israel, the Jews cannot accept the name of Jesus because they do not believe that he is their Messiah.
Synrem said the second phase of the scheme covers many types of diseases to treat women and children, and will also help the families by reducing the burden of diseases. wages that they have to pay.
He said that the residents who had planned to visit the Malidor River saw the new road on Monday morning and immediately informed the village leaders and they went to inspect the area.
During these times, she has also supported the BJP in Parliament.
Speaking at a meeting in East Singhbhum on Tuesday, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Hemant Soren, on Tuesday announced that besides providing two wheelers to the village leaders, he will provide and build houses for them.
Khliehriat, Nailar 14: The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, today announced the examination for the National Means Cum-Merit Scholarship Scheme (NMMSS) 2023-2-2 The examination will be conducted by the Department of Education, Shillong, Shillong on 4th November
Esophageal Cancer is the most common type of cancer in Meghalaya, where the state is witnessing the highest incidence of esophageal cancer. most cases of this type of chronic disease within the entire country.
As it has appeared in the media, the UDP will have to elect another Leader or President.
Paragraph 5(b) protects them from becoming members of the Seng upon the expiry of their term as Speaker.
" When the mother spoke, the father began to think about the words of the mother.
“However, when we arrived at the hospital, the Medical Officer informed us that these four persons have already died,” he said.
However, we don't understand why we hear only the loss everywhere.
Because I haven't seen you yet...” She told him, “When did you give me another place to sleep?
There is a fierce struggle to board US and British aircraft to flee the country, which is occupied by Afghan militants.
Mylliem SC started the match at 2:45 pm but Mylliem SC scored the first goal through Donbok Majaw in the 22nd minute of the first half.
The AITC has been in the Opposition after 12 Congress MLAs joined it and now it seems that the AITC will have only 10 members even if there are no more MLAs. heroes died in the election.
Prima said that it is through his revelation of his corruption because the BDO does not know not only the retirement time of the officers, but also the retirement time of the officers. The retirement of Bah Tngen Singh Basaiawmoit has been extended.
There is nothing wrong with the 'Bakhraw'
The micro containment was lifted after the completion of active surveillance and testing of high risk contacts at the house of N Lyngdoh and according to the report, the spread of COVID-19 has been curbed.
Dkhartnar said the two groups have also agreed to accept Pradip Kurbah as the advisor to SBUK and on the cost of operations and results of any projects conducted by SBUK and the FACES, will be perfected with the joint efforts of both teams.
• They must provide a certificate of negative results after testing.
Therefore, regarding the illegal construction of the road by the Assam government in Bakhlapara, the Hima will lodge an Ejahar against the contractor, who is known to construct the road, so that all the truth will be revealed.
He said that regarding the elections in Selsella which will be held within these months, the party has not had any discussions to take a decision yet.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today informed the public that the police department has arranged vehicles for the safety of the people passing around Mawkhar.
The theme of the celebration was “Our Nurses, Our Future”. Those who were present on the occasion included Dr.STS Momin, who is the Medical and Health Officer Incharge of Khliehriat Civil Hospital, nurses and staff of Khliehriat Civil Hospital.
The bodies of Sheba Kharbani, 40, Rupert Donbor Dohtdong, a cleaner and Backstar Kharkrang, a cleaner, were found at the school.
What happened? A few years later, King James I of England published the Authorized Version in
Chennai: A husband has lodged a complaint with the police against a government hospital in Cuddalore for the death of his wife after giving birth.
The ATM is owned by Akmenlang Pohshna.
This happened to fulfill the words – “This gate shall be shut, it shall not be opened” Ezekiel 44:2
It is a matter of shame for the entire state that the Meghalaya High Court will have to criticize the Meghalaya government for not taking action against the operators of illegal coal mining factories and those involved. to illegally mine coal.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 46 cases including 17 high risk cases, one ILI case, 3 cases from Returnees, 13 cases from Armed Forces, 7 cases from Golflink Cluster, 2 cases from Jail Road Cluster and one case from Laitumkhrah Cluster. and 2 members of the Lapalang cluster.
Jakistar Mawkhiew scored the first goal of the match.
The training will start on the 17th from 7:30-10:30 pm.
He also criticized the candidate by saying that after the government has not allowed him to enter the office, he has started to appear in the elections by misleading the people by distributing protest clothes.
She also admitted that the Engineer Department of the Block has no information on these four works and the BDO has not accepted the suggestion of the Asstn.
The Executive Members (EMs) who are members of the new Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be aware of the portfolios appointed by the Chief Executive Member (CEM), Bah Pynïaid. Sing Syiem, but it is expected that the Finance Department will be looked after by the CEM. The Finance Department is expected to be headed by Bah Pynïaid because in the past years, when he was EM , he took hold of the treasury.
General Secretary Jarain.
This is part of the efforts to curb the spread of rumors, videos, photographs and articles, which could increase the violence in the state.
Therefore, the NGOs urge the Minister of Agriculture to immediately stop the plan to relocate the factory.
Ha, U Syiem Khyrim, Regarding your complaint against some people from the Dolloi Darrang District, Jowai Sub Division for the Khlang Kyntang and others, a Murderer.
On this occasion, the Dorbar Seng Kur Warjri has organized a flower exhibition, painting, essay and poetry, dance and sports such as Football and Basketball. .
Speaking to media after a meeting with the leaders of various political parties, the Prime Minister also expressed his regret to see that there were unpleasant incidents on the day of the protests. in the last few days.
no.9615294847.
“In the last few years, crime has decreased in the state, most of the crime has happened in any part of the state by the police department. work hard to stop these evil deeds".
India is governed by the Constitution of India.
This can only happen in those families who do not have such an attitude, whether they are poor or rich.
To improve the PDS, the State Government has signed a memorandum of understanding with the United Nations World Food Program to support initiatives such as the computerized implementation of the TPDS, the strengthening of the delivery of food items to the TPDS, the use of a food collection point and a mobile app for data collection.
Shillong, June 7: The District Election Officer of West Jaintia Hills District has issued an order banning the elections of the Election Commission of India (ECI) dated Polling Agents or candidates or Election Agents shall not carry mobile phones inside the Polling Station and also this order shall apply to all voters except Presiding Officers, Commission's Observers, Sector Officers, Micro Static. Observers and other officers authorized by the Returning Officer for use in the field of elections.
However, any household that has unity, understanding and mutual love has that fear of doing evil, but if a household is divided, it cannot be. There are many problems in the fields where there are evil deeds because there is no 'Shabuk' like the Nonglur who persuades the cows to dig the fields to complete the work.
However, it is not surprising because it is a weak government and weak leaders,” he said.
Two militants are believed to have been under the encirclement of the army and police team, police officials said, adding that more reinforcements have now been deployed. of troops to capture the insurgents and in outlying places where they have escaped.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has expressed its deep sorrow over the reply of the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri to a question raised by Bah Gabriel Wahlang, MLA. Nongstoin constituency regarding the provision of artificial turf in West Khasi Hills which is the wish of the youth of this area.
These tourists feel that it is something sacred and unprecedented in other villages in Meghalaya.
Three persons were suspected to be involved in the incident on the night of the 17th of this month at Dangar. that there are only two people involved in this crime.
In that Christian Household the Sons of God were brought forth from it".
In addition, teachers will have to do both online and offline and will not be allowed to attend classrooms.
At Nongkhlaw, a large meeting was held to commemorate the day in the presence of Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Chief Executive Members, Bah Brol Nongsiej, MLA Mawthadraishan, Bah PK Pangniang. , Rambrai-Jyrngam MLA, Kennedy Khyriem, Mawphlang MLA and the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima.
He said that as stated by the SP of West Garo Hills, there is only one media outlet which has been able to ring about the raid on the Rimpu Bagan bus and this is the media outlet run by the the house of the Chief Minister of the state.
Donboklang Lyngdoh scored the first goal for Lajong.
As the days went by, his age grew older and older, and one day he built a Rwiang khwai and went to khwai in the Umiurem River at Thwei Pynkai Syntu Blai. Wamon at the time of the KOPATY PUJA of RAIJ RALIANG, as soon as he reached the thwei, there was a woman talking to him from the thwei but he didn't see her. He replied, 'I want to go fishing here,' but she said, 'Go away and go home and come back another day. I will take you to a place where there are many fish. return home as she said.
The DC Supply of East Jaintia Hills District has sent the department to weigh the kilos of rice at Pamrakmai FPS Centre. .
In addition, the Women's Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of New Nongstoiñ has handed over the drama to the Women's Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Nongstoiñ, to produce a drama to raise awareness among the public that drugs are a bad drink. longsem and society.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Cement Limited (Topcem) on Tuesday immediately dismissed two employees of the company for insulting the public, which led to a stir in the Public Hearing to discuss the issue. The project of the company was held at Thangskai on the 24th.
The ceremony was also attended by the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, CEM of KHADC, Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDC Fantin Lakadong, Grace Kharpuri, Lamphang Blah, MLA Ardent. Miller Basaiawmoit, Shakliar Wajri, Chief Secretary DP Wahlang, Deputy Commissioner RM Kurbah, DGP Meghalaya, Dr Lajja Ram Bishnoi and others.
Air India will purchase 220 Boeing aircraft at a cost of $34 billion.
Police said that the bodies of these two persons were found on the roof of the house where they lived.
He said that by increasing the price of 50 naïa per litre, the state will collect more than Rs 5-6 crore per annum.
Therefore, in this case, on what basis will this sympathy work when Kni (Bah HDR Lyngdoh) was defeated by the HSPDP (Bah Samlin Malngiang) in 2018 with the help of his own brother? .
“If we understand that after the arrangement, there is still a shortage of jobs for our brothers and sisters, we don't mind if they fill it but it shouldn't be like it is now.
The chairman of the party, RG Pradhan, said that the issuance of OBC certificates has been suspended since
The current Durand Cup season will attract a lot of spectators as the tournament will be held for the second time since the outbreak of Covid-19 and will be played in four venues. The stadiums are located in Kolkata, Guwahati, Shillong and Kokrajhar.
Moscow: At least 60 people have been killed and 145 others injured when gunmen dressed in military uniforms opened fire on a crowd in a room in Moscow. , on Wednesday night, according to the report.
According to a report from the USGS, the earthquake struck about 90.5 km and its magnitude was estimated at 5.7770S latitude and 131.4780E longitude.
Members of KSU Laitumkhrah Unit on receiving information about this incident immediately went to meet the Khasi youth to inquire about the actions of this foreigner. KSU Laitumkhrah Unit and some members of the unit have lodged an FIR at Laitumkhrah Police Station so that the law enforcement agencies can arrest and punish them. while shah is lawful.
During the investigation, the police have asked for their documents and ID cards to verify where they came from and whether they are genuine people who have not come illegally to the state.
For example, if the sick person sees that everyone is giving money to the sick, he too can give money.
peaceful.
However, later on, the CSWO sent a letter to the chairperson of the CWC of the state that the police have ordered the family members of Paliar to bring her children. Paliar has been spending time at the police station with her children.
“Vikas got married in 2014, but when we were shooting for Queen in 2014, he treated me badly and used to tell me that I sleep early and that I don't sleep early. have fun with him at night".
At the same time, the residents of the area were requested to respect the staff of the Health Department and to follow the directions of the Government and not to take stingy this disease at such a time when the Government The curfew has been extended and facemasks should be worn when leaving home to go anywhere, especially in public places.
They include 11 cases from East Khasi Hills District, one case from West Khasi Hills District, two cases from Ri Bhoi District and one case from East Jaintia Hills District and one case from West Garo Hills District.
“Most of the time when people need an ambulance they have to call 108 or private ambulances. When we ask for an ambulance from the DHS, the answer we get is that there is no ambulance,” he said. he said.
The JSM found that these closed schools include four government schools: Lumkhudung Government School, Samatan Government LP School, Myngngor LP School and Thadmuthlong Government LP School.
The lock-up and breaking of the belongings of their house outside the house in Umle village, according to the allegation, prompted Bah Transhon and Triansiai to lodge a complaint against the. Philadoris Nongrum, President and Yoris Markhap, General Secretary, Seng Longkmie.
The winners of Miss Meghalaya 2023 and Miss Teen 2023 will have the opportunity to represent Meghalaya at the beauty pageants to be held in the Northeast and India.
Therefore, the union will not stop, but will continue to meet with the District authorities of Ri Bhoi District to seek clarification and demand the rights of the people in the area.
The report, published in the Indian Express, said that those health workers who cannot get even one man to surrender in 2019-2 , they will lose their salary or be forced to retire.
GOD be with you.
In 1853 the Syiem of Khyrim moved the capital of the kingdom from Lyngkyrdern to Nongkrern and here the dance was held.
However, due to his lack of service to the team, the team has had three captains who have led the team in the last four ODIs along with him. Smith is preparing to become the fourth captain of the team in the last five ODIs.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MLA) Inter-District U-23 tournament held at Nongpoh today was won by the Shillong Cricket Association (U-23) and the U-23 tournament at Mendipathar. Shillong Cricket Association A (SCA) beat East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (BCA) by 110 runs in the first innings of the second innings. Tura District Cricket Association A beat East Garo Hills by 29 runs in the first innings.
Furthermore, it is learned that these youths who have returned from these states, have already been checked at the railway stations and airports, as well as at the thermal center in Byrnihat. , but no youths have been arrested in Byrnihat.
The final quarter final will be played between Mynsngat FC and Salaroh FC at 2 pm on Saturday.
We have seen for many years the plan to build a Medical College at Barapathar, Shillong, where there is a TB Hospital now. and Hospital which treats about 2 lakh patients annually as reported in previous newspapers.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to 66, bringing the total to 2,0
The program was also attended by Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh, Balajied Ranee MDC, Arnol Syngkli President RBYDSO, Iaikyrshan Jynthem President RBYDSO 20mer Circle, Village Officers, Members of RBYDSO 20mer Circle. RBYDSO 20mer Circle youths and women from 6 villages in the 20mer area who benefited the people on this day.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of State for Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, MDC Mawsynram Bah Alvin K.Sawkmie, EE PWD Mawsynram, PWD officers, Officer Incharge. Mawsynram Police Station, the Rangbah Shnong & Secretary of Mawsynram Village, and the elders and people of the area.
He said that the NESO, Meghalaya Students Union and others are the leaders of the KSU. Sounder S Cajee said that the name of the KSU should not be lost.
The demolition started at 9:30 am.
The water has slowly swept away the foundations of their houses in the floods which has put the owners of the houses affected by the floods in shock.
When I looked, all these things were beautiful in my eyes.
This Kopati Puja is a ceremony and thanksgiving to the Creator who has placed and distributed mankind on the earth.
Prestone said the state government will have to look into the levy of tax on petrol and diesel, as this is a cess for the education sector.
This comes after the player won the Surbiton Trophy at home.
However, what has happened to these Khasi women who used to receive money from these foreigners is after the courage of the Khasi brothers who shop nearby, who have seen all the facts, and this time they did not. They were silent, but they came forward to testify that these shops do not belong to those women who have not been owned, but belong to foreigners and have been used by them.
They were sworn in by Samla Ostranic Marbaniang, Organizing Secretary, KSU Sengkmie, in the presence of Samla Shiningstar Kharbihliew, Assistant Education Secretary, KSU Sengkmie, leaders of KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit, General Secretary Samla Kwillness Suchiang, Organizing Secretary Samla Deiniwan Lyngdoh, Finance Secretary Samla Shaniahskhem Dkhar, Assistant Finance Samla Cherity Suja and other leaders from the District and Circle.
On the same day, 28 executive members were elected and more members will be added in the coming days. The MCPC welcomes those who wish to join the MCPC. join the group, concludes the statement.
“Fortunately, we have a warehouse, so we immediately fed the children with watermelon.
The incident occurred at 12.30 pm on Tuesday morning, when the Maruti Car driven by Bah John Dkhar collided with the Maruti Car driven by Bah John Kenny Longshiang. .
It is the first time for Rembrandt Iakmenlang Kharnaior as a film director who has developed his talent through the inspiration and encouragement of the most experienced filmmaker, Bah Raphael Warjri.
“I can't promise that after the training they will get a job but once you get the knife in your hand that means when you get the syrnot in your hand it depends on your knowledge. to find a job" he said.
On the other hand, Bah Mayral Born Syiem will also visit other villages including Umsaw Nongbri which came second with 625 votes, Polling Station Diwon which came third with 557 votes and Jermanai Polling Station came first with 74.29%, Umsaw Nongbri came second with 71.83% and Mawryng Kang came second with 71.83%. 70.79%.
She suffered from Covid-19 and died at 2.55 pm.
These are the only two incidents that the people remember of the shooting by the Assam Police against the residents of Meghalaya but there are many incidents that have happened in the past years where the Police have shot dead. Assam has attacked residents of villages on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Nongpoh, July 22: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Tuesday said that the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) through its President Bah Eddie G Kharbani, on Tuesday said that the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Appointment of Security Guards, who are foreigners in all places like Industrial Areas, Byrnihat and Umiam and other offices.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The High Court (HC) of Meghalaya on Tuesday expressed its expectation that the government will install weighbridges and check posts to curb the overcrowding of trucks. and those who walk in the streets.
The program was inaugurated by the BDO of Laskeiñ Block Bah Bari Niang as the chief guest in the presence of the Village Members, Seng Members and trainees from Kyndongtuber, Pammanik and Mynso.
D.Sun Chairman and W.Lyngdoh Secretary, Sur Ki Nongwest, said that Hubert Paliar comes from a low income family, so the help of the people is needed.
Every night, there were many plans and suggestions among them but nothing happened, but in the end somehow one or two of them decided to spread false stories. .
Albert Kharjahrin is currently admitted to Nongstoin Hospital.
There was also the false teaching that those who belong to the Khasi, Hindu and Islamic religions cannot go to heaven because the teachers say that they are idolatrous religions.
In 2019, the 'Bag of Happiness' campaign has been able to unite people by distributing donations for students.
Such things we do not want to happen.
The traffic jam on Pynursla Road occurred in the Khohyiar area due to the fall of a huge rock near Lad Mawkhap, a few kilometers from Rngain.
The death of these two passengers was caused by a collision with the truck while they were trying to escape from the vehicle, but the driver escaped death. He was admitted to the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
“We will find out whether the government in the past years has issued an order to implement this policy,” said Bah Wahlang.
We have also tried to cooperate with the MSACS, as well as the CHCs, PHCs, ANMs and ASHAs,” said Banarwal.
The researchers explained to the farmers that sohphoh tet cannot be found in other countries of the world, but is found only in Meghalaya, Manipur, Nagaland, Burma and Malaysia. .
If anyone gives false evidence, he will be punished according to the law.
The Under Secretary, Ministry of Coal, has said that the Government of India, together with the State Government, have not been willing to take a decision on the issue. The letter, written to the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, on 13th June 2018, reminds us of the demand of the State Government, The President of India has issued an order to exempt Meghalaya from the MMDR Act 1957, but on this issue, there has been a discussion that there is only one way and that is that the The coal mining should be handed over to the Corporations and they should take over the coal mining in the State and the Corporations should work together with the owners of the coal mines in order to work together in the coal mining in the State. State.
The Inner Line Permit (ILP) is a legal provision of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation
According to police, more than 300 policemen are on the roads around Shillong to ensure smooth operation of vehicles from 7 am to 9 pm and sometimes until 10 pm.
We strongly support the rights of the Garo, Khasi, Jaintia and other ethnic groups of Meghalaya.
He also urged them to instill in the minds of the students the spirit of struggle of Tirot Sing Syiem, who was not only a great man of the nation but also of India as a whole.
They think more about the future of the country and the nation just to earn money like casinos, than about the future of their education. child.
In the report of these two investigations, the witnesses have said the same thing and that is that the police killed Sengbath after sending him running.
To ensure safety in traffic and to avoid accidents and tragic incidents, the West Jaintia Hills Police on Saturday conducted a Road Safety Awareness Programme.
On the other hand, the Seng honors this day of the Hima but cannot accept the misdeeds of this Head of the Hima.
They threatened that if the authorities do not change the name, which means that the people of the village, will close down the hospital.
On the other hand, Kong Roshan Warjri expressed her appreciation for the time during the struggle for independence under the leadership of Bah BB Lyngdoh, Bah GG Swell, Bah Hoping Stoen Lyngdoh and others.
At the same time, the doctor said that although the disease is very serious, it cannot spread to others if they live together in the same house and don't wear the clothes they have worn. Because the spread of the disease is only through blood and sexually transmitted diseases.
"The International Tourism Mart is a program conducted once a year by the Ministry in one of the states of the North East, with the aim of opening up the opportunities for the people of the North East who participate in the International Tourism Mart. The purpose of this project is to consult with stakeholders from home and abroad as well as to provide information on tourism opportunities in the North East and to display the equipment. tourism, heritage, special heritage including traditional customs, traditional dances, arts, crafts and textiles to the people of the country and abroad as well .
There are about 30 participants from the Khasi Mawphlang Association including men and women.
A Khasi woman who gives birth to a husband is no longer a Khasi and her children lose their Khasi identity.
He said he hopes that the opening of the Agro Food Park in Babadam is a good example that can be followed in other parts of the state.
“I request the Prime Minister to take action against this issue and stop the violence of the Assam Government for the failure to implement without interruption the development projects that will benefit the people living on the border,” said Bah Charles. Marngar while raising a supplementary question during the Question Hour in the House on Friday.
On the other hand, the JHADC has gone to argue that the Dolloi should not collect taxes at all and the Jaintia District Council has said that the lawyers of the Dolloi have threatened them. employees of the Jaintia District Council, located in Delhi.
Those who lose are completely lost and those who win will fight and decide as they please.
He said that the construction of this well will cost T30-35 lakh and only 30% of the work has been completed. They also expressed their regret over the government's inability to help this village because the government has not been able to explain to them that this village belongs to a rural or urban area.
Shillong La opened the scoring in the 33rd minute through Brazilian captain Daniel Gonsalves, who headed in after a cross from Japan. Takuto.
First, the consumption of ‘supari’ rice that is not controlled by regulatory standards poses health risks, as it can become toxic through toxic mixtures.
In the U-13 Boys Single category, Mewanbhalang Pathaw won the title in the U-13 Boys Single category. -13 Girls Single was won by Dolcy Doreen Basaiawmoit.
She said that the threat or hatred of others should not be a curse to the nation, because as Christians, we should love our enemies and being able to stop a thief from within would be better than shu he you you.
However, the waste from these areas cannot flow into the rivers because there is no treatment plant to prevent the flow of waste into the rivers.
Meghalaya will play against Arunachal Pradesh in Group-2 on Saturday in the final match of the group stage of the U-17 women. Sikkim will play against Assam at 3:30 pm in Group-1
At the time of writing, the body was taken to his residence in Ummulong, West Jaintia Hills.
He also congratulated the Mupyut village for extending the decision even after it opposed and requested the government to provide a complete garbage dump to Jowai to solve this problem in the coming days.
Jowai, Nailar 03 : The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) in collaboration with the Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides, West Jaintia Hills has launched a campaign to improve the cleanliness of the village and surrounding areas. 'Keep Jowai Town Clean'
Four people have died in East Khasi Hills.
Christians are spectators, not doers.
The residents of Jaïaw Shyiap – Lumpyllon and Riatsamthiah praised the police and said that the police should patrol the area from time to time especially at night.
In another match of the tournament, Morningstar College defeated Sohra Govt.
“Regarding the refusal of the CBI by the State Government to investigate, Prestone said that we have not stopped the CBI from investigating. They have to get permission from the State Government and this has been done since 2010-2011 not by this Government.
Shillong: The four-day sit-in-demonstration at Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong, today ended with a sit-in-demonstration. The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (COMSO) has decided to start implementing the ILP from the 12th of this month. around the state.
“Only this, the people will be surprised and think twice from this Lok Sabha election,” said Bah Pala while speaking after a meeting with party workers in the presence of the AICC chief. Meghalaya Dr.A Chellakumar.
It lowers cholesterol, contains many nutrients and fiber.
East Khasi Hills has 582 cases, West Garo Hills 59, West Jaintia Hills 13, Ri Bhoi 29, West Khasi Hills 6, South West Khasi Hills 5, East Jaintia Hills 5, South Garo Hills 1 and North Garo Hills The total number of cases in the State has risen to 85629 and out of these 83439 have recovered and 1489 have died.
Finally, about the vaccine to prevent the spread of COVID-1 I know that many Khasi brothers and sisters are still in doubt whether they will accept it or not.
In the states of Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh and Odisha, the Tribals, the Adivasis, the indigenous people and the owners of the forests, hills and rivers have struggled to protect themselves from the invasion of The chiefs of the saipan, who are now increasingly exploiting the land resources and who are eager to take over Lum Niyamgiri, the sacred mountain of the Dongria Kondh people.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The General Meeting of the Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) will be held on 13th June 2017 at Ri Khasi Free School New Nongstoin at 11 AM. The office bearers of MUPSTA will be renewed.
After struggling to find sufficient evidence, the union immediately lodged a complaint with the MBOSE on 19th June, 2020 regarding the negligence of Riwar Jaintia College.
“In connection with this incident, we have received information through a phone call that Ajay has been beaten up by people, and we don't know who those people are.
“If it had not been suspended in Sohiong, the number of voters would have increased,” said the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) FR Kharkongor on 28th June.
The newspaper said that both the Congress MLAs want to appoint BDO from their own person and have urged the Minister of Community and Rural Development, Prestone Tynsong to convince him.
At the same time, the UDP strongly condemned the attack on KHADC officials and journalists abroad.
Shillong: A group of teachers and students at NEHU today marched against the Citizenship Amendment Bill,
He also urged those who have not yet joined SHGs to do so as SHGs help to promote the spirit of cooperation and mutual support for the development of the country. the whole society.
Shillong: The owners of sawmill factories in Jirang Hima, Ri Bhoi District, on Saturday protested against the invitation of civil society groups in Jirang Hima to meet with the Dkhar sawmill operators in Jirang on Saturday. 11th November without the knowledge of the landlords.
Rangdajied played slowly without any hesitation in passing, passing and trying and this has led to the victory. Compared to Lajong, which has had many attempts but has failed.
Other departments with the highest share were General Administration (T.15.09 crore), Forest Administration (T.4.67 crore) and Revenue and Finance (T.3.73 crore).
Because of his love for this sport, he began to move to another field.
At the time of the collapse, the Bolero was heading towards Shillong, while the bus and the Datsun were heading towards Pynursla. The incident occurred when a bus, which was driving in a hurry, was hit by a landslide and it was also in a narrow and narrow area near the quarry in Rngain.
This is what Rahul Gandhi has said before the elections to the State Legislative Assembly.
The distribution was led by the Director of JHDS Fr Manbha Pakem in the presence of JHDS Coordinator Ma Denis Kurkalang and staff of Childline East Jaintia Hills District.
The weapons were identified as Rashid of Burbaktela, Sujan of Telagaon, Piyush of Banglabita and Appu Akbar Ali of Khanjoy, India. Markos, a former ANVC member from Rajai village, who worked with Markos, a former ANVC member from Rajai village, was involved in many crimes in Rajaju, Khanjoy, Nongkhalam, Ansur, Nangjori, Amar Singh, Kolagaon and others. They also hide their clothes and belongings inside the areas of India and after they have done their work, they return them. their clothes and act like mercenaries during their cross-border crossings.
The 29-year-old said the initial four-year sentence could also extend his participation in the Paris Olympics 2024, but the 29-year-old said he was able to take the drug later. for he knew not that there was anything wrong with the food.
There are no such people as 'Industrialists'
This will be the first time that agricultural products have been exported from the district.
Shillong, Lber 10: The Leader of the Opposition in the House, Dr Donkupar Roy, on Tuesday said that those people involved in the appointment of teachers by removing the blanket should be punished according to the law.
He said that he will give his right hand in the work even if he is outside the KHADC. “I am also an MLA,” he concluded.
On the 19th June 2023, the State Government has decided to temporarily suspend all vaccinations in the State, while the Committee headed by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh The report on the implementation of the roster system in the state has not been submitted.
The letter also urged the Meghalaya government to inform the Assam government not to allow its personnel to inspect the areas under the sector, while the Regional Government The Committee on Border Dispute has not completed its inspection and has not sent its reports to the State Governments.
After nearly three months of treatment and it is the second round of chemotherapy, dozens of soldiers and blood counts have not yet recovered from the accident. the first chemo drug.
“In the line of duty, nobody comes out to help each other and everyone is putting their belongings away,” said Kumar at the meeting.
He said that until now he has never met Tony and has never seen him take part in party activities. “I have seen this person in the party,” said Bah Thangkhiew.
Rukmani scored the first goal for Uttar Pradesh in the 63rd minute and in the 74th minute she scored the second goal.
Baghdad, May 23: Al Qaeda members claimed on Tuesday that they had raided two prisons in Iraq and released 500 prisoners. prison.
On the occasion, the PSDDC leaders and NPP Jirang leaders welcomed the new SDO of the Civil Sub-division. They welcomed the new SDO of Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division.
On the other hand, after beating Pakistan 4-0 in the first round, India are looking forward to beating Nepal again to secure their place in the semi finals. in this field.
Four of the deceased were from East Khasi Hills District.
Police in charge of the fire department said that the fire started at 5 pm and they have sent about 34 fire engines to extinguish the blaze.
Grimes later announced that the child's name had been changed to 'X Æ A-Xii' because California law does not allow it. first name.
FKJGP President Willbirth Rani said that all the 13 parties have confirmed to attend the meeting and only two or three leaders from each party will attend.
At present, the fourth teachers in the state receive only T.6000 per month while other teachers except the fourth teachers receive T.9,900 per month.
The Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, has expressed his hope that the Sohra International Half Marathon will be held every year.
It also means that “Youth have the power to build or destroy a nation.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said, “We are pleased to be able to conduct this program for the benefit of farmers, self help groups and civil society organizations in the villages and the government. Our department has worked tirelessly to improve the status of farmers across the state.
In this regard, they informed that the authorities in charge of these trees have already lodged a complaint and urged the District authorities to take immediate action.
According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police (City), Bah Vivek Syiem, the police have fined the owners of motorcycles and wheelchairs which were covered with ktang pait. rim.
The distribution of food items was attended by the Waheh Chnongs of these villages, ASHA and Aganwadi workers as well as the mothers of these children with disabilities.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday made history by speaking Khasi and Garo in the Legislative Assembly.
Khliehriat, Nailar, 24: Meanwhile, during the clash between the residents and the police of East Jaintia Hills District to enter the venue of the public hearing meeting, it was also witnessed that some of the foreign workers of the Topcem company which urged the police to send threats and throw sticks at the protesters by issuing slogans against the protesters.
He suggested that the government should intensify awareness programs and especially to create jobs, so that the youth can get rid of these alcoholic beverages.
“This will be taken into consideration by the EC to discuss and get land and financial assistance from the government.
After a thorough investigation, it was found that the cause of the collapse of the tower in Byndihati was due to a misunderstanding between the inspector of the tower and the fuel supplier of the Vodafone towers in East Jaintia Hills. District.
The report by retired Australian Olympic athlete Ïan Campbell said that as a state, the country is blessed with the talents needed to shape the future of sport. of them, who came to seek talent.
Meghalaya Known as the State of Lyoh, Bapli People in the Darkness Surprised Where It Is From The Border Of Sam, Until The Thung Kam Thung Jam.
Also, cleanse them according to the time you have set.
About 80% of the natural resources are in tribal areas.
Heavy rain fell across the area along with freezing temperatures Sunday evening.
He said that the most important thing in the NCC is to have order between women and men in order to bring unity in the country and to encourage the youth to take up the defense positions by entering the jobs. soldier.
The countries of the world are now increasingly hostile to Israel and are not sleeping but planning how to destroy it, especially Iran.
The appointment letter that Raju brought to the four was from the Eastern Air Command.
Stand firm on the principle of 80% reserved for Indigenous Scheduled Tribe of Meghalaya in all fields of employment and education – based on merit – Teach all ethnic groups to work hard in their studies and not to sit idly by in the fields the Reservation Policy.
There is a saying that if the Khasi are united, the world will be destroyed.
Waheh Shnong Yooshida Nongspung said that the forest which falls within the boundary of the Khanduli Dorbar Shnong is also under the jurisdiction of the JHADC and has full land holding. .
Total: Rs 35.29 cr.
Mawtawar SC have won the Second Division Football League 2023 on Tuesday afternoon.
At the same time, Dr Sangma assured that the government will not ignore the voice of the people.
The meeting was chaired by the Symbud Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong as Chairman. Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun, Mawhati MLA Charles Marngar, Umroi MLA Damanbait Lamare, KHADC MLA Damanbait Lamare, Chief Executive Member (KHADC) The Regional Committee from Assam was led by Chairman Atul Borah and Chandra Mohan Patowary. Government of Assam with the presence of officers.
Speaking on him as one of the candidates for the MP election, Hek said there are three candidates contesting and the party will decide on the right candidate from these three names. for the seat of Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
He said that the share of mineral resources is only 40 percent which the Council receives from the state government.
They also informed that through this day, they will re-elect the full leaders of the Association by participating from all the Contractors and Suppliers and after receiving the full leaders and members of the Association, they will strengthen the Association. services and especially to look after the problems of contractors and suppliers from Ri Bhoi District.
In Meghalaya, there are many places that are blessed with beautiful nature but it is not enough just to have the beauty of the places. and a sense of ownership to continually improve the facilities.
Besides Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, the opening ceremony was attended by Bah Corrnelius Laloo, one of the youth leaders of the district. Nongmawlong village and other elders of the area.
On the decline in the price of synsar, he said that they will take action to follow up with the government so that the buyers will not be able to reduce the price of synsar from the farmers as synsar is now recognized as an agricultural commodity. .
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest said that the purpose of the peace festival is to discuss the customs and traditions.
The village leaders and farmers expressed their happiness that their dream has come true and congratulated the MLA who has worked hard together with the officers of the agriculture department to restore what they had never dreamed of. .
From the conversation with the elders of the village, it is understood that this stone was regarded as a kind of mother, who was the farmer and the farmer, who took care of the children of thousands of raij. They are in trouble and distress, they go to thank God and fall in this place.
When the father went out to visit, the mother sat separately with her son.
This was announced through a newspaper.
“Service to the people and the state never ends.
In the quarterfinals, 104 players from 13 categories completed the quarterfinals.
The Government Notification issued in 1973, stipulates that the land under the jurisdiction of the Shillong Municipality shall be outside the Khasi Hills, which means that it shall no longer fall under the Khasi Hills District Council.
According to the Notification dated 3rd November 2007 published in the Gazette of Meghalaya, the Governor of Meghalaya has announced the laws on the removal of trees from Non-Forest Areas.
In Ribhoi District, 15 cases have been confirmed, of which 9 cases are males and 6 cases are females, one case in East Jaintia Hills and 6 cases in West Garo Hills. ,5 males and one female.
In the past, police used to seize only knives, rifles, SBBL or sometimes made of wood in the shape of a gun, but this is the beginning of the gangs. The police have been shocked and have taken seriously the matter to investigate and find out who smuggled the firearms into Garo Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 9: Among the agricultural products sold at the market, rice is cheaper than other agricultural products at present.
Raising this issue, Bah Bindo Lanong said that in Shillong there are many people who come from Manipur, who bring and put the society in trouble, fear that they will stay and look for permanent accommodation.
The award is known as the 1st Otto Offenmuller Excellence Award
Once we have all the facts, we will reveal them,” said Bah Erwin.
It is said that the jyntah is the jyntah kyn, which has provided all the musli musla and recipes that satisfy the taste buds of the eaters.
During the inspection, the KSU also had the opportunity to talk to the vice principal of the Institute and to ask for clarification on why there are not enough equipment for the training of the children at this institute.
Benny and Frida have no children, but Agnetha and Bjorn have a daughter, Linda, and a son, Peter.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Government has directed the police to search and arrest the leaders of the Sengbhalang especially if they find anyone who causes disturbance during the night curfew called by the Sengbhalang.
“Our inspection today is that the NHAI which has awarded the construction of this road to Simpex Infrastructure Ltd is too slow to implement if it has taken over the work from 10th July I as the Minister of PWD, I have seen with my own eyes that many parts of the road have been destroyed for a while. NHAI should immediately implement this road so that it will facilitate the traffic,” said Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar.
Mondal said that at the National Conference, Union Minister of Electricity RK Singh urged the Ministers of Electricity of the State Governments to turn to solar, Wind and thermal power because they are all available.
John 3:1–21.
On 21st March 2022, the High Court directed the HPC to respond within six months to the proposal or blueprint submitted by the government.
Regarding Passes, applicants can apply online through the website of the district and permission for writing and communication can be sent to the permission holder's email address @gmail.com.
In this regard, the Hyc War Jaintia Circle has given one day to the Jio Company and if it cannot provide network to the people, the HYC will take the necessary action, said a statement from the President of Hyc War Jaintia Circle.
Speaking to media after the ceremony, the Minister said that after receiving the mining lease from the Government of India through the Coal Ministry, they will start mining coal according to the scientific method. in the State, they invited for a ceremony to thank the State Government for its support in many areas over the past five years, which has led to the lifting of the ban on coal mining and to resume the new mining method.
According to the Financial Year 2022-23, the revenue from all items was T.113,62,46,064/-, while the expenditure was T.117,81,88,185/-.
As part of the three-day program (27, 28, and 30 June 2022) to celebrate the 121st anniversary, the annual program of the Computer Training and Languages ​​Units was held in two parts at 27 June.
On the other hand, the reporter also found that the officers were ordered to park the road to check the movement of coal trucks inside Sohpian WKH village, which is also a two-lane road. They also found that there were several officers including Bah BK Surong, DMR officer and police.
One from Shillong and one from Tura.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: Banbatjuban Khongwir has won the 31st Annual Armwrestling State Championship 2022 while Magret Pathaw has won the 31st Annual Armwrestling State Championship side of women.
Shillong: The State Government in 1996 has introduced the Meghalaya Casual Worker Scheme, which has been implemented since 16th November the State Government.
Sangma, writing on Twitter, urged everyone not to show force or fight against the incident, as the state government is investigating the incident.
After the video was posted on Facebook, police have filed a suo-moto case against the rich man and his friends.
Democracy is the realization of the ancient thought that we, the Khasi-Pnar, came into the world to rule and develop and earn the rights of the people.
The video sent by the Prime Minister's Office shows that the Center is almost complete and each hall has beautifully lit lights.
He urged the government to take action and conduct a surprise inspection before holding major tournaments in the state.
Cricket Smit failed to tied first and scored 129 runs for the loss of five wickets in 20 overs.
The pigs should be fenced off so that they cannot walk freely, and the house where the pigs sleep and sleep should be cleaned with lyntang and should be adequate to protect them from the rain. the wind, the sun and also from the cold, because pigs are lighter animals.
The cost of construction of the ship is expected to be $700million (£500million) and is expected to be completed by 2025 and will be built in Europe or South Korea.
To improve education in the state, 9 Model Schools and 20 Residential Schools have been opened besides colleges and other schools.
The two-day tournament was inaugurated by Bah Ian Lyngdoh, Vice President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association. He also informed about the Meghalaya Games which will be held soon in November.
The Sohra MLA said that according to the 2011 census, Khasi-Jaintia make up only 47 per cent of the 29 lakh population of the state while Garo make up 27 per cent.
Paul said they are ready to meet with the Minister of Education, Lahkmen Rymbui and submit to him a letter regarding the reconstruction and repair of all the buildings of the Kiang Nangbah Government. College.
In 2018, Ampareen opposed the speech of the Governor in Hindi.
However, it was not until the 26th November, 2022 at about 2 pm that through the hard work of the Dorbar Shnong Nongkdait-Nongtwah and the neighboring villages together with the SRT from Shillong and South West Khasi Hills. The district has recovered his body from a grave where he was buried.
Bah Hamletson said he is hopeful that the people of Mylliem constituency are intelligent people, people who have responsibility for the society.
When asked what is needed to be a cyclist, Kevin said that the most important thing is the ability to endure hardships and hard work, because without these it is difficult to compete in the race. Cycle.
Mawsynram MLA HM Shangpliang said that his decision to leave the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) to join the BJP is because he wants the benefit of the state as a whole. not to benefit the leaders alone.
When they arrived at Niakha's house, after sitting for a while, they had a drink and then Niakha started filling in all the forms and gave them the money to pay. I'll go tomorrow, my son, to pay... So that you can get there... Take this money, take it carefully.
He said that the violation of law and order is due to the political parties who go into hiding to create peace and order and other problems.
These strategies of the French increased the conflict with our ancestors when the French conquered Burma and annexed Assam through the Treaty of Yandaboo. signed on February 24, 1826 between the French and the Burmese.
John Anthony Ryntathiang scored the first goal for Phanniewlah Rum to take a 1-0 lead at the end of the first half.
According to some of the market residents, the people who used to commit crimes have managed to flee from the Nongstoiñ market as soon as they saw the police. It was difficult to track down many of those who escaped.
On the other hand, Bah Lodestar said that the farmers should have paid tribute to the leaders of the HFU Central Body including Commander Shangpliang and Bah Alfondbirth who have expressed the issues for the farmers especially to convince them. The Government should recognize the cultivation of sohmrit, tyrpad sla and to release taxes on synsar.
Earlier, Sangma wrote on his Facebook page that there are three cases of Covid-19, including one BSF personnel and two others, one of whom came from Bihar. and one who came from Delhi.
Nongstoiñ: The MLA of Boko, Kamrup Assam, Nandita Das today visited Langpih area to inspect the situation after a clash with the Assam police. Meghalaya Police have been arrested for allegedly setting up a camp in Umwali.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Union Minister of Science and Technology, Dr Harsh Vardhan, today said that he has visited the NEIGRI HMS Hospital to inspect the condition of the hospital. serve the people of the area.
Every time, I see that at least 4/5 Ministers go and follow their boss.
I request the authorities of the law not to allow such people to make unfounded accusations that humiliate our fellow Hynniew trep Hynniew Skum.
The pastors of these two churches have also submitted reports to us that there are no more people living in the churches.
Regarding the railway line, the union has sought clarification from the Prime Minister and the Prime Minister has said that he will send a letter on this issue, concluded the statement sent by Ma Hambertus. The BFI East Zone Men's Boxing Championship, 2023 will be held from the 17th to the 19th of this month. April 2023, at Kurkalang Square, Ri-Bhoi District.
The State Election Committee has already met several times in this regard.
In Jowai, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Dasakhiatlang Lamare, Minister of State for Home Affairs, Dasakhiatlang Lamare, Minister of State for Home Affairs, has unfurled the tricolor flag and received the National Salute. On this day, there was a March Past with the participation of 32 contingents, while the winner was won by the Q.C Spring side. Higher Secondary School, Police Public Secondary School and Little Flowers Secondary School.
“Now the people are still busy, we have arranged to hold a meeting on the 5th of next month to take a decision,” said Bah Teibor Pathaw.
HANM leaders Ajit Makri, President and Mintu Lapang, Vice President and members of HANM, when they saw that the banks in Byrnihat are open, including the State Bank of India, HDFC Bank, Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank, Canara Bank, Northeast Bank, Syndicate Bank and ICICI Bank, so these HANM leaders, have closed down them on the grounds that they do not respect the Shad Nongkrem holiday.
You don't have to have any law if you do anything good.
We remember that in 1997-1998, the BJP lost power in Delhi just because of the excessive price hike of piat.
? Panah asked, “What do you want?
This new law is different from the National Policy on Education, 1968, which followed the 10+2
When I thought about it, I was really surprised, where did they take that money?
On this occasion, Dr.A.War appealed to the public not to be discouraged, but to accept the fact that there is no COVID-19 case in Parad. He also appealed to the public not to feel anything about this mistake, because in practice and especially when relying on the machinery, he added.
“Those who do not apply for the DTS will have to buy at market price and will not receive subsidy from the government,” Goyal said.
There have been 76,570 new cases in the US, according to the Johns Hopkins University.
He said that the VPP as the hope of the nation will work tirelessly until the nation is in a safe place.
“Now the tyllai phasi is on the ryndang of a nation.
“On this occasion, KSU Khliehriat would like to extend its Behdieñkhlam greetings to all the children of Hynniewtrep, Hynniewtrep, Hynniewtrep and especially to the children of Seinraij Tuber. I am proud that the Seiñraij, Tuber has been able to hold Behdieñkhlam in compliance with the COVID-19 rules.
Therefore, the scope of the writing is to extend the meaning obtained in the hope that all the words that will come out will be like “one stone and five birds will fall.
On the issue of the District Mineral Foundation (DMF) Fund, Bah Balajied asked whether the affected mining areas have been prioritized in the implementation of the fund.
Therefore, the story of lorni especially the story of slander against others comes from the people in the rural areas more than 7 mer, Laitkor, Nongmynsong, Mawïong.
In another order, it was announced that due to the presence of 9 households in the ground floor of Birma Jalan, opposite the residence of Income Tax employees, who have tested positive for Covid-1 The entire Keating Road, starting from Jha's shop, Khyndailad to the office of the new Employment Exchange, including Mohan Makin's Road or the road leading to the office of the Superintendent of Police, Shillong to Saigal Motors shop.
In this regard, the meeting decided to cooperate with the Mairang Constituency, where 12 elders, including the Syiem of Mawïang Hima, the Acting Syiem of Myriaw Hima, Sordars and elders were selected to meet with the MLA. Mairang to cooperate for the demand of the District.
He also encouraged them to be encouraged by Bah Kelvin Suting who has faced the same challenge, but who has become a skilled teacher and who has received an award as an example for they.
The Chief Minister, Shri Conrad K Sangma today announced that the word Khasi and Jaintia Hills District has been removed from the Preamble of the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation
After the Grand Finale, the All Meghalaya Dancer's Association (ADA) will be invited to the All Meghalaya Dancer's Association (ADA) to promote the talented youth of the state and the Jaintia Hills region. suddenly.
As of 11 pm on July 5, the traffic police have not received an order from the authorities to ban odd vehicles from Ïingkashari to Khyndailad and Motphran as previously. The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District has announced his appointment.
Dr. AK Nongkynrih, Professor of Sociology, NEHU, passed away this morning while undergoing treatment at Bethany Hospital, Shillong.
“Many of these foreign workers do not have EPIC and this has made the Seng suspect that these people are not Indian citizens,” said Bah Roy Kupar Synrem General Secretary.
He said that the people of this city are fortunate to have adequate educational facilities brought by the British in the past and they should not miss this opportunity.
Bah Latiplang joined the PDF on Tuesday.
The cleanliness drive was attended by the SRS, the KSU, the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), the SSSS, the Lympung. The LKSK, the Meghalaya Women's Alliance (MWA) and members of the Shillong Cantonment Board.
It is worth mentioning that the District authorities of West Khasi Hills have set a target that the demolition and demolition of the Atoskhana of these illegal coal mining factories will continue and be completed within 30 days.
He said that the time has come for the government to have a mission on the cultivation of biscuits through the Department of Agriculture in these two districts.
Any Candidate who holds a Public Meeting in the villages near Panaliar Village, shall not park his vehicle within the Boundary of Panaliar Village.
“On the other hand, the residents have to apply for permission from the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority before building houses on their private land but on government land the houses have been built without permission,” he said. .
He said that this month, members of the KSU Jowai Circle have been arrested twice by the law enforcement agencies, just because they are working hard to eradicate the activities that destroy the Jaitbynriew.
Until they parted, they enjoyed that meeting again.
In fact, the presence of these living creatures brings pleasure to human life when he hears their pleasant sounds.
The union said that the stem taxis do not work and the whole of East Khasi Hills is a place for them to earn money and the problem arises that if the border is divided, it shows that Most of the land falls under the rural areas and if so, whether Shillong can provide 6,000 stem taxis to operate in Shillong alone.
The Minister said that the district authorities have strengthened their patrols to curb the illegal mining and trade of coal by using drones.
In the past, the villages with priestly priests under the Raid Nartiang were Larnai, Nongdhar, Nongkrem, Nongmulieh, Takhniang and Nartiang.
He said that Mukroh village still falls under Meghalaya.
This year, the KWYWSC has planned to participate in other sports such as Basketball, Badminton, Cricket and so on.
“We have tried to bring peace in Garo Hills and the arrival of the members now to surrender is the way forward,” said NGHVF leader Wilness Marak.
The KSU said that the area where the BSF wants to set up camp is a village far from the India-Bangladesh border and there is no fear of the people of the area.
However, according to a survey conducted by Indian TV analysts, it shows that the BJP and the Congress can fight almost equally.
The question now is whether the NPP will continue to cooperate with the UDP which has 11 seats.
On the other hand, Dr War said that the contract tracing is still ongoing and these departments where these employees are employed have been temporarily closed.
These children will be trained by the coaches of Rangdajied United Football Club and the training will be held twice a month on Friday evenings and Saturday mornings.
“It is unacceptable to say that evil deeds will bring something good,” said Bah Ardent.
Police have searched for the suspects but have not found anything.
The incident happened at Achongba village near Mendipathar in North Garo Hills, about 125 km from Tura.
“The sad thing is that he promotes (gives ministerial posts) to those who destroy the party while those who surrender to the party he rewards,” said Bah Rowel.
The first was when the First World War broke out when the British Empire or Great Britain arrested the Christian Fathers from the Catholic Church in Shillong, known as the German Fathers.
Noting that the FKJGP Riwar Mihngi Circle stands on the basis of the demand for cow and goat farmers in the Bri u Hynniewtrep, she said, “Because it is only for the sake of The smuggling of meat to Bangladesh has affected the income of the meat farmers. Sadly, the meat farmers have almost collapsed despite the fact that it has improved their livelihood. FKIGP Riwar Mihngi Circle has warned that from now on it will continue to ensure that illegal trafficking is not allowed in the region.
The containment area has been set up as a containment area due to the need for contact tracing, quarantine, testing and cleaning.
Roikhih Nongtdu (61') and Dibinroy Nongspung (63') scored two more goals for Lawsohtun.
“We lack staff from the ranks of Inspector, vehicles, and other necessities besides the government allocates very little money for this department which is only to pay salaries,” he said.
The swine fever, which started in seven districts of Assam including Dhemaji, North Lakhimpur, Biswanath, Dibrugarh, Sivasagar and Jorhat, started in June 2020, but later spread. to the three districts of Majuli, Golaghat and Kamrup.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the Indian Forest Act 1927 has not come into force in Meghalaya. law, so that it does not affect this state.
It will last for four days and will focus on training the youth through training provided by scholars and experts from Bangalore.
On the other hand, Bah John F.Kharshiing, President of SAM, delivered a speech and welcome speech.
He said that he does not remember at what time the incident happened but he remembers that it was about 8 pm when he was surprised to understand the incident.
Shillong: The Khasi Department, St. Edmund's College in collaboration with the IQAC of the College, in collaboration with the IQAC of the College, on Tuesday held a webinar on the theme “180th Anniversary of Rev. Fr. Thomas Jones - I'll Be There.
However, as I told you, if there are facts, the government has to investigate and act according to the law by directing the police and the authorities to take action to investigate and follow up on those allegations”.
That means no discrimination in 2020.
It has been witnessed from time to time that we have often seen and heard that there is disunity and division and from time to time there is also a difference of opinion between one group and another.
Smit scored the first goal for B. Khriam in the 18th minute and F. Rani for Lawsohtun SC in the 40th minute.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Government today approved the establishment of the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) to protect and look after the human rights of all people in the state.
According to a statement, MPS, Commandant, 6th Battalion Meghalaya Police, Umran, who produced the song and video, said that since the independence of the state, there have been 127 people. Police who lost their lives during the fight against insurgents in the State.
Speaking to media, Syngkon said the party is fully prepared to contest the election.
The Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) on Tuesday demanded that the government should create new posts and transfer 12541 SSA teachers from the State Implementing Society to the State Education Department according to the RTE/SSA rules as well as to fill up the vacant posts in Lower and Upper Primary Schools.
The expenditure allocated to these departments is for the payment of salaries and other requirements of the department.
Jeremiah Biam (29) scored the second goal for Mookswan.
“Before June this year, the word 'Roster System' did not exist in our minds.
The court has taken note of the absence of the state government from the hearing on the violation of the court order even after the third hearing.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Leston said that he has decided to retire from the upcoming MDc elections despite the pressure from the people to contest.
Perhaps the question is why Israel doesn't have a Temple anymore when all the nations of the world have the right to a Temple or place of worship? While the Israelites didn't get, when they had their own country, their own power and authority, while they didn't get a house to worship God? Maybe the world will surprise you in this regard.
There are other festivals of different religions which are held once a year, once a month or once a year.
Therefore, the participation of the students will also encourage the office of the District Sports Officer to continue to organize such games in the coming years. to exercise every day and to showcase their talents.
Besides the DTO, there will also be a Motor Vehicle Inspector (MVI), an Upper Divisional Assistant (UDA), an Assistant System Engineer, one Peon and one Chowkidar.
Mynjurlang is the producer of shynrai.
“The leaders of the JSU, FKJGP, JYF, KSU and others have been accused of sleeping and knowing what happened to them. the sur shouted.
“We are not against the development of the mine, but we find that the mining area covers an area of ​​42.051 hectares and is located near the Wah Lukha, Wah Lunar. We are worried and we don't know what will happen to the future of the environment and especially to the health of our people in East Jaintia Hills district if this plan of the company succeeds.
When inquired, it was said that the arrest will be not only for the owners of these factories, but also for the people or villagers who have registered in the operation of these factories.
“I don't want to answer questions because I don't want to be a predictor especially in relation to the HNLC peace talks and what will happen in the end,” said Lahkmen.
The village is also not allowed to clean the entire Yungwalieh Hall during the Public Meeting.
Imphal: One more person has been confirmed positive for Covid-19 in Manipur, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
Jowai: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District today issued an order to quarantine several households in Nongthymme village in Ialong village, West Jaintia Hills due to the outbreak of Covid-1 he was able to spread it to some people in the area.
She also extended her special thanks to the people of Umsning, the Sengbhalang, the leaders of the RBDSA, the Umsning Town Dorbar and all the friends who welcomed us. on the welcome of the people.
Meghalaya Urban Affairs Minister, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on July 13 said that childhood under the age of nine years is very important in a person's life.
The victim was identified as Westinoris Nongmor, resident of Nongkdait-Nongnah, South West Khasi Hills District. She has seven children.
Shylla has also been with us in the field of journalism, where in the 1980s, he published a newspaper Pateng Mynta and a few years ago, he was in the Meghalaya Times, but he did not stay long. on this line.
Hamlet said that if the PDF expresses this proposal to the UDP, the party will sit down to discuss with the party workers from Shella circle.
Nongrang said that the robbers were also seen through a CCTV camera of the shop.
The deaths occurred after a clash between supporters of Javanese club Arema and Persebaya Surabaya, after Arema were defeated in a match at Malang Regency, East Java.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Mariahom Kharkrang, said that a man named Bah Halorsing Kharumnuid (46) has been arrested on suspicion of possession of alcohol. who is your house.
When the Syiems of Mylliem Hima, Hain Manik Syiem and Ron Singh Syiem, signed the Agreement in 1878 and 1913 to transfer these lands to the Municipal Administration, but according to the provisions of the Draft, Constitution of India on which villages/townships/areas of Shillong shall fall under the Tribal Area or Tribal Areas and it was Dr. Ambedkar who introduced the Amendment that those villages/townships/areas/ The lands within the Hima Mylliem shall be Tribal Areas or Trai Ri lands (as defined in Para 20 sub-para (2) of the 6th Schedule).
She is also the player who has reached the final of the WTA 1000 for the third time this year in Miami.
The Executive Members of the KHADC have appreciated the decision taken by the CEM of the Council who is also the MDC of Bah constituency. Titus W Chyne.
Mawhati MLA Julius Dorphang has been charged with the trafficking incident at Marvelene's Inn.
Therefore, from the beginning of reservation in Meghalaya, the fee is 40p.
Pastor Rangba, who is also the first Pastor of Mawthoh Myrdon District, was ordained as a Pastor in 1983 and since these years, he has given a good service to the faithful of Mawthoh Myrdon District. Presbyterian Church of these nine churches and until his retirement from the pastorate.
Shillong, Jymmang 6 : As the age of the Umiam Bridge and Dam has expired for about 15 years, the government has taken action and created the necessary measures to avoid any tragic incident. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the government is now ready to build a new bridge to pass through the area used by the army for sports. sport underwater at Umiam near the Shillong-Guwahati highway before the dam.
The country is in the midst of danger, We cannot believe in it;
In her speech, Dr Zsofia spoke about the role of the Unitarian Church in empowering women in many ways with the aim of improving their education and income.
Such unsubstantiated claims not only endanger soldiers operating in stressful situations, but also lead to avoidable conflicts of interest.
Khasi Hills should not become a global refugee village.
It is not yet clear whether the baby will survive or die, as the condition of her body is still difficult to determine whether she will survive for more days.
Jowai, Jymmang 18: Police in East Jaintia Hills today collected illegal money from trucks passing on the NH
Regarding the 2-Phase border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam, the Chairman of the Regional Committee, Sniawbhalang Dhar, said that the Committee will try to do its utmost to meet the requirements. through collaboration with District authorities.
In the Assembly elections in Meghalaya, the BJP has contested candidates in all 60 constituencies.
There are 18 cases in East Garo Hills, 15 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 4 cases in Bataw Cluster, 4 cases in High Risk Contact and 3 cases in Rymbai Iawpynsin Cluster.
Khasi youths from our state have won in various categories in the Agri Expo, Dimapur Nagaland on 28th and 29th June
In this regard, the sister of Daphisha Kharbani, Annie Kharbani, has appealed to the people of the state to support her sister, who is currently competing in the Dance India Dance Season-6
Speaking to reporters, HANM-SC President EJ Law said that the sanction and implementation of the road has cost about T.6 crore. other is not really enough.
Of these, 19 are BSF personnel, 9 are from other Armed Forces, 6 are from East Khasi Hills District and 3 are from Ribhoi District.
Rajya Sabha MP Narayan Rane said, “An elected leader has the right to criticize any work done by the government on the basis of the benefit of the people, but I don't agree. I apologize to the officer who was involved in what Nitesh and his followers did.
He was identified as Jamaluddin of Hassanpur, near Badarpur.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Pynsuk Youroy, General Secretary, said that today the drivers have stopped working because they came to encourage Bah Ardent because they understand that this protest is necessary for the heritage. to come.
As an MLA, he will continue to meet with the people as there are many who could not attend the meeting, as it is the duty of the MLA to meet with the people to get their opinion on this issue. “When we protest, it will be for the benefit of the people as the government has set up an Expert Committee on this issue and as an MLA I will be able to add my opinions to the committee,” he added. .
Referring to the employees, the Minister said that the government will not dismiss them, but they will remain in office because they are already in office. car 108 the government is looking into it and the promise is that there will be no dismissal.
Vivek said the department has received a complaint on 16th June 2023 regarding the presence of this person who does not claim to be an IB officer of the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA), who is applying for a job. He said that the robber had ordered the plaintiff to collect money from all the people who wanted the job according to their qualifications.
The Minister said the Meghalaya Milk Mission was introduced to bridge the gap between demand and production, according to the availability of milk.
Piwell Shylla (Independent) and Amos Dkhar (UDP) of Musniang Rangad Constituency.
Regarding the village rules, the Rangbah Shnong explained that the Dorbar Shnong has its own rules within the village that any household who has left home for more than three years should be removed. The village has treated all the households within the boundary of Kmawanrum village.
They said that they have received information from the Commissioner & Secretary, District Council Affairs that the Ministry of Home Affairs has not yet sent the Final Draft on the number of MDCs in the District Councils.
Four organizations including the Garo Student Union (GSU), the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), the Association for Democracy and Empowerment (ADE) and the A'chik Youth Welfare Organization (AYWO) The curfew was imposed and shops were closed especially in Tura and surrounding villages.
The ECHO India innovative hub model has experienced experts to assist in the training of participants.
Speaking to reporters, Obama also spoke in Hindu, saying, “Namaste.
...this is my personal belief and personal opinionInstead of demanding the rights of the teachers they threaten to destroy the temple of the school childrenInstead of demanding the border of Sam which is the right of the people they demand release but Julius was not.
He said that people have made fake pictures and spread rumors that the chickens have become sick and this has frightened and frightened the people to eat the chicken meat.
Since then, the MDA government has tried to meet Amit Shah and Prime Minister Narendra Modi but have not had time as they are busy.
On another issue, he said that the arrival of the BJP government in Delhi has made many people think and said, “In the past, if the Congress came to Delhi, it has not changed. “Even now, when the BJP came to Delhi, the eastern states of the North East have turned to the party”.
He said that besides the demand to suspend the recruitment while the recruitment policy and roster system have not been reviewed, they also demanded the appointment of an Expert Committee, which will consider the matter. which included the elders from both the ethnic groups of the state along with experts who know well this field.
Speaking on Priyanka's statement, Kangana said that it was all because of Karan Johar's actions and strongly condemned him.
Grace, who is now an MDC, has many strong bases to win votes, as does Banalari.
Specialized schemes include Ayushman Bharat, PM Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana, PM Swanidhibad PM Awas Yojana, among others.
The Minister said that in April he will convene a meeting to review the working methods of the Anganwadi Centers in the state and will also look into the problems in these centers at this meeting.
Ezekiel 28:2.
The earthquake in Shangbangla happened at 4 pm this morning, while the incident in Umdihar happened at 5 pm on Tuesday morning. These earthquakes did not cause any casualties or injuries.
If the people say we will elect first we will win first we will give schemes to help us when you sit down that is the right way if the people understand what they should do to restore a clean governance. suspicious.
Shortly after, the police imposed a curfew, as the protest was intense.
The Last Days are now.
This is the first time in 28 years.
The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday said that no relatives and others have accepted or accepted a woman who is mentally retarded. on 29th June 2019 while wandering around Amsarin area in Amlarem village and now inside the Halfway Home (Female), Sabahmuswang, Jowai.
Cham Cham village is about 33 km from Jowai and about 24 km from Khleihriat.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that Meghalaya has been freed from the Corona Virus after one person tested negative for Corona Virus. ' after sending for re-examination.
Amlarem came fourth in terms of percentage, with 90.97%, which means that 35,608 voters out of 39141 voters.
The elections in the state will be held on the 27th of this month where the people will elect the members of the Legislative Assembly for the first time.
If the Election Commission of India (ECI) does not introduce and introduce the requirement to issue TIKA or complete the test to the people who refuse TIKA between the date of election of the Leaders to the Legislative Assembly, then it will become a problem. attempt to overturn the decisions of the Court without regard to the “Fundamental Rights” of the Supreme Constitution of India as well.
In the 20th position, Adiel Johanan Surong of Government Boy's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Vanlalrinchhani Sailo of Brookside Adventist Higher Secondary School, Shillong and Yagna Lamsai of Seven Set Higher scored 544 marks. Jessica Marweiñ of S.Ferrando Secondary School, Sawsymper, Albin L.Marshyllong of St.Joseph Secondary School, Nongkasen, Dalamni Dauni Rymbai of KJP Synod Mihngi Higher Secondary School, Jowai and Rilanaika Sari of North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai.
The KSU leader said that he was at his residence that night and fell asleep and at the same time he said that Bankerlang, the driver of the Alto which was arrested by the police, was not a member. I don't know if it's true or not, but I'm sure it's true.
This unity to follow the wise leadership of the Longshuwa is an honor to the Raid and the Hima.
Kharchandy, a student of St Edmunds School, has passed his matric examination and has been cycling (DH and Enduro) for three years.
It is to be recalled that in the past years, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh when he was Minister of Agriculture, had promised to create the facilities to export biscuits to Bangladesh but until now. days it didn’t work out.
If you search carefully for this word “SWEET LIFE" there will always be one word that follows this word.
Finally, we turn to the rulers of the district, or urge them to put a strong Adong in their respective districts, especially the Khasi Government (District Council) and not to waste time. without sleeping without sleep only to make bills to increase their own salaries, or to turn the fertile and fertile hills of the country into dew ksang dew lyngki with kharkhuti and to cover the green hills of Ri Bhoi.
Shillong, July 20: Three artisans and craftsmen have received the State Award Scheme for Handicraft Artisans 2021-2022, at a function held today at the Conference Hall, Directorate of Commerce. & Industries, Lower Nongrim Hills, Shillong in the presence of Bah MR Synrem, Commissioner & Secretary, Commerce & Industries Department, Shillong as the Chief Guest.
“We feel that Bah Lambokstarwell should resign if he doesn't know anything about this behavior of his members and if he doesn't resign we feel that it is no longer a group of students but it has become a group of wild animals," said Bah Charming's son.
N.S Marwein.
The Minister also informed that the department will soon implement the Aquaculture Mission Version-II, which aims to increase the number of fish seed farms as the lack of seeds from the state has increased. put pressure on fishermen who take up fishing as a profession.
Earlier, Additional Solicitor General ARL Sundaresh, who led the ED team, told the court that there should be no penalty against the head of the team without written notice.
Therefore, the residents of the village on Tuesday 19th June 2020, welcomed the arrival of these people from Assam.
According to the MDC, it is understood that there was a discussion between the HSPDP MDCs before joining the PDF but the discussion failed as the two MDCs did not attend the meeting. However, Teilinia Thangkhiew sent them to her residence and he and LG Nongsiej did not want to go to her residence.
The KSU, after considering all the above, has understood that there is a great threat to the indigenous people of Meghalaya after the NRC in Assam.
Why not build a rainbow bridge from the Civil Ground to the other side to reach the other side of the highway, remove the one in the middle, build it well to park only ambulances and patients.
The command has three functional areas, namely operations, maintenance and administration.
“We were never allowed to meet family members for months.
Mawkyrwat, March 30: Two tragic incidents have happened in South West Khasi Hills District in which two precious souls have lost their lives due to the drowning of a child. three years old and a young man forty years old.
“The village itself has been severely affected by the sudden flooding of the Lapbah and that is from the roads in the village and the houses, because the water has entered all the houses and shops. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Aju Timung.
Earlier, he said that the EC has not written whether they want to postpone or not but has sent a letter from the Committee.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today entered the office of the Director of Printing and Stationery (FKJGP) Shillong to demand his resignation. office, along with alleged misappropriation of funds amounting to over Rs 2 crore.
At the same time, the Minister said that there has been no punishment for those who spread the news that there is no distribution of food items to the athletes.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 28 new cases have been confirmed and 319 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
The MLA was accompanied by Rangbah Shnongs, Community Covid-19 Management Committees, ASHAs and Anganwadis, Head Master of St Vianney Sec School and others. Through this inspection, the MLA also donated money, masks, Hand Sanitizer, Hand Gloves and other necessities.
Khliehriat, June 12: The President of the EJHD, Jhanika Siangshai, in a statement, has said that perhaps the time will come when she will decide to resign from her post. She said that the reason was her own and there was no reason to criticize the Congress party.
On the other hand, the Mawshynrut Coal Labor and Transport Association under the leadership of President Personal Marthong and Secretary Shanbil Wanniang and several members, this morning visited the victims and provided some assistance to the victims. such as cans, rice, vegetables.
Shillong: Members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday night arrested a foreigner involved in spreading a message on WhatsApp under the name “United for Equality”.
Speech was also delivered by Bah WL Snaitang, Secretary Dorbar Shnong Mawkyrwat.
Lyngdoh said the Supreme Court has ruled that land vendors should get land to sell their goods and the government is trying to find land for this purpose.
When he could not find him, he threatened his younger sisters and other relatives.
The meeting will discuss many of the border areas in Block-1, Psiar-Khanduli, sources said.
Today, these husbands donated 10 kilos of rice to 80 low income families, who have been affected by the lockdown to fight against Coronavirus.
Peter went back to his house.
