The LSC invites all the football fans of the area to come and witness the match between the two teams.
Regarding the problem faced by the residents of the area, Bah Wansalan Dhar, said that all the residents of the area and those who use this road, urge I urge the government and especially the MLA to take action to inform the government, in order to improve and clean up this road, so that it will be convenient for the people of many villages who use this road. , he added.
It is also the greatest and most honorable name that women receive, and it is a name and a wonderful creation of God.
Earlier, a meeting was held at Dr H Gordon Robert Hospital, Jaiaw.
“Since the closure of NGT, it has affected our income, but through the skills of my husband, I have turned to flower farming and I hope that this will improve our income. you will not benefit.
In furtherance of the Government's vision on the celebration of the country's various rights and customs, the Statehood Day of the two States was celebrated at Raj Bhavan, Shillong today.
Meghalaya beat Delhi 5-1 in the semi final of the 76th Men's National Football Championship for the Santosh Trophy held in Bhubaneswar today.
“As employees we need to receive the same salary as other employees in various government departments to live together from the needs of our children, health and others,” said the Council employees. He said that the Christmas and New Year holidays are approaching and the school fees of the children.
The strong appeal to the Churches especially to the Leaders, Pastors and Elders of the Churches is to follow exactly the teachings and examples of the politician of Jesus, because He was the great Politician. the world's largest.
The reason for the load shedding every morning from 9 am to 11 am is due to the non-payment of 620 klut by MeECL to NEEPCO. Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, has urged the Meghalaya government to pay up to Rs 65 lakh per day and Rs 20 crore per month to NEEPCO. not to do anything that disrupts the peace and order during the New Year and New Year celebrations.
This road has not been maintained by anyone except the muster rolls, but due to the excessive deterioration of the road, the muster rolls have not been able to improve it.
The Sein Raij Tuber through the Longdoh who is the head of the religion with the help of the Maji, Sangot, Dulhia and Shutia performed many kinds of rituals during these four days and three nights.
The medal winners on the fourth day of the Federation Cup 2023 are: Women's 100m Hurdles:
One of the places where the KHADC has visited Hat Ichamati, where the journalists who attended the meeting found that there are only 5 or 6 Khasi selling licenses while Most of them are foreigners, who have claimed to be residents of the area, although they do not have voter ID cards or other documents to prove that they are residents.
The two players scored 96 runs together to help the team score another 96 runs.
Regarding the support of the elders from all over the constituency, he said, “I don't have anything old or new and the supporters support me with love and I and my family have given a wholehearted service. to all the people.
Maidong Mukhim scored the first goal for Demthring in the 81st minute.
The actress has now paid $500,000 in court orders to Trump's lawyers.
Application forms can be obtained by phone or Whatsapp at 9612095234 &
Michelle congratulated all those who voted for her to be one of the recipients of the Oscars.
The KSU has made it clear that if these students of this school cannot get proper education how will the government think for them? The KSU also said that the government should take responsibility and also to find ways and means so that these students can receive proper training before they prepare themselves to write their examinations.
“But I will try to play well so I can come back.
Nongpoh, Naitung 31: The presence of shopkeepers who are willing to sell expired food items in their shops, has caused a serious threat to the public who go to buy and eat such food items. This was witnessed after a man named Bah Pholin Lyngdoh from Nongtyrlaw village, received a piece of bread from a shop known as Meghalaya Bakery. you are in Nongpoh.
“Therefore, this proposal has been accepted by the Law, Finance and Personnel departments and now our duty is to strengthen other departments so that this university can become a reality,” he said. Bah Priest.
According to sources, the members of the union were arrested at Umpling this morning on charges of involvement in the rioting and destruction of a shop in Police Bazar on the 5th of this month. The arrest of these HNYF members was made without their knowledge, but was arrested from their homes.
Zelensky said Ukraine has no intention of attacking or taking Putin's life, as Ukraine is still fighting hard to protect its own border. Russian troops have invaded Ukraine.
The award ceremony was held at Nirman Bhawan, New Delhi on 8th June 2022 and the award was presented by Dr Sunil Kumar DGHS, Department of Health and Family Welfare.
About 127 coal trucks have not been allowed to enter Bangladesh this month after it was suspected that they used fake challans.
On this occasion, the union has arrested many of these foreigners who live in Malki market.
“As one of the citizens and a leader we demand the intervention of the central government and all those involved to restore peace and order in Manipur,” he said.
On the other hand, Ram Gopal Varma, one of the filmmakers, said that Ranveer Singh's appearance shows the difference between men and women these days. “How come no one complains when a woman shows her body, while men don't?” and “If women can show an attractive body, In the photo, which was shot for a magazine, Ranveer is seen lying on a dress and wearing nothing all over his body. .
Therefore, it is not appropriate to hold Tamasa on such a day.
All the exercises were conducted in accordance with the Incident Response System (IRS) and all the teams involved in the incident response including the Operations, Planning and Logistics Sections were conducted in accordance with the exercise. it went smoothly and orderly.
On the other hand, Ms War urged the people of the state especially the youth to come forward to promote and preserve the culture and the state government is ready to provide assistance for the needs of the community. society.
Ramani said that when she went for an interview for a job, she was invited for an interview at a hotel.
On 21st March of the same year, the Director of Public Instruction Assam replied to the letter by agreeing with these elders and acknowledging that the children need to receive education in their mother tongue until you are primary.
When the Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the polling on the 10th June 2023, the family of Bah HDR Lyngdoh has appointed the brother-in-law of Bah Synshar Lyngdoh as the winner of the election. On the 13th of this month, Bah Synshar Lyngdoh defeated the NPP candidate Samlin Malngiang by 3,422 votes.
There is also an important theme “To preserve the customs and traditions of Longshuwa Manshuwa” which taught the heritage to respect each other and to use their talents properly. teaching others what is best.
He said that the work has been suspended because the Secretary Border Areas Development has directed the department not to stop the construction of the 4th Grade Quarter until there are staff in the Post Grade IV.U. Marak said that the Secretary of Border Areas, Bah B. Dhar, has ordered to send the UC which has completed more than T.26 lakh to the Forest Department through the Divisional Forest. Officer, Social Forestry Division, Jowai has already been sent.
Jowai, Jymmang 05 : The Chief Minister District Level U-12 Open Football Tournament 2023 for boys and girls was organized by the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills. The tournament will start on the 8th of June at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Shillong: The two Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya will meet Home Minister Amit Shah tomorrow to discuss the issue of peace talks. The border between the two states, which is being prepared to be resolved, at six border points.
“The scheme of T.101 crore will provide assistance to orphans and children living with their families, especially children with disabilities, poor women and the elderly.
They said, “From now on we too will give birth to our children as you do.
The Minister said that according to Rule 132 of the House, it is clear that this should not be discussed, but the government has an intention to resolve this issue which has been pending for many years. .
The South Pacific region is also currently facing problems due to rising sea levels due to global warming and soil erosion due to deforestation.
They robbed any man, often without knowing exactly whether he was married or not.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday requested the Manager of the State Bank of India (SBI) Ladrymbai Branch to explain and explain to the public after the The union has received a complaint about being cheated and defrauded in the financial industry by promising to pay a small fee through fraudulent Online Gaming and Online Trading Companies.
The first is to shut your mouth twice a day for at least two minutes.
In his own understanding, Socrates felt that those who lack the power of speech are very wise.
He said that the Seng also demands the establishment of a separate library for the School of Technology (SOT), and also to be transparent and transparent in the marking system for the students. and others.
According to a thorough survey of market vendors, domestic workers and day laborers, it was found that out of 100, about 55 or 60 people do not have ration cards, bank accounts or MHIS or Government-sponsored health assistance.
“In 2022 we have not yet become MLAs, but as a newly formed party we see the plight of the youth and this makes us take action on this issue,” he added.
The petition said that the Supreme Court had earlier, in its judgment on 18th November and 2nd November 2015, convicted Tennydard Marak, but empowered him to plead the case. Your case is in the High Court of Meghalaya.
“He would go to the villagers, the contractor would deposit money, the DC would deposit money, the handyman would deposit money,” said Denis. The donation of these funds, in one trip, was not less than T.2,000 at that time.
On the one hand, the wilderness was a place where Jesus prepared himself for the battles that lay ahead of him.
After FIFA president Gianni Infantino was re-elected to restructure the federation, the president announced that the prize money from For the upcoming Women's World Cup in Australia and New Zealand, the prize money will be up to three times larger. the donation of the last tournament in
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) Jowai Circle on Monday conducted a search operation against foreigners who are selling goods at Iawmusiang, Jowai.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah also praised NEPA especially for recently receiving the recognition of “UTKRISHT” from CBC and NABET and also praised the Director of the Academy and all the staff of the Academy.
The establishment of the Meghalaya State Skill Development Society (MSSDS) has also been an opportunity for the youth of the state to stand in their own jobs and not to rely only on government jobs. This program is available for training.
Last month, Damanbha Pde won the silver medal and Saralin Rynghang the bronze medal at the All India Karate Championship in Chhattisgarh.
Although it was a small meeting, it was a peaceful one in which speeches were delivered by all those who attended, along with prayers by all.
All these are only answers to delay what needs to be done.
Although the need for trains is understood, it is also necessary to mobilize our residents to get support,” he said.
Therefore, in the final match of the boys under 17 years old, Mawlangwir Higher Secondary School will face Mawjaraiñ Presbyterian Secondary School and Rangthong Christian Higher Secondary School will face Lyngdoh Wanniang Secondary School, Marshillong. Women Under 17 Years Tournament will be held on the 7th of this month at Artificial Turf Ground, MDSA, Mawkyrwat.
Nongstoiñ, July 10 : The government's promise to resolve the border issue with Assam in the Langpih sector has not yet come true.
The union also urges the law enforcement authorities to track down these people who have committed this crime and to find out the reason, as it may be for many reasons whether they are the villagers or the people from the country. The company is responsible for this,” said the statement.
The total number of cases is 163 and 122 in East Khasi Hills, 3 cases in West Khasi Hills, 23 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 1 case in East Jaintia Hills, 6 cases in West Garo Hills and 4 cases in North Garo Hills.
Many of them are pseudo or wannabe intellectuals and such people are also found in Rikhasi.
“We have received orders that all the students should be sent home.
Regarding the decision to lodge a complaint with the District Council Affairs (DCA) against the CEM of KHADC for failing to give a clear answer to the requests of the party for explanation on many of the delays in the work of the CEM, the media said. The union is not in a hurry to send the complaint, but will send it to the DCA Minister Prestone Tynsong until the end of the KHADC session. When asked by the UDP MDC from Nongkrem, Bah HS Shylla, whether it is true that the UDP party does not allow to create distrust, Bah Shylla said. It is true that at that meeting, the party was asked to bring a no confidence motion against the CEM, but they refused.
The names of two Judges of the District Council Court, ie the names of the Judge and the Additional Judge, may be submitted to the Collegium for consideration and approval. (Justice) in the High Court, Meghalaya.
Parents teach their children how to walk and stand; The girls were explained in detail how not to laugh especially in front of men.
It is here that the youth of the jaitbynriew begin to question the Roster System, and also begin to lose confidence in the Government's intention to implement the Roster System without consultation with those affected.
More than 1,000 Israelis have been injured by gunfire and Hamas shelling.
If you want to eradicate the race, you have to do it, like the doctors (Dorbar Shnong) of New Nongstoiñ.
Nongstoiñ, March 6: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Rambrai Circle, after receiving the Public Information Act, on the PMGSY schemes in the Hima Rambrai, has found that there has been a serious corruption in the PMGSY schemes. The union has been surprised to find that the report has been completed but according to the union's findings, there are still many roads that have not been completed. and there are those who have built and dug.
On 30th November, the border talks between the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya decided to hand over the investigation into the Mukroh incident to the CBI. A commission has been appointed to investigate the incident.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting at Umroi Airport, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of Transport, said that as of now, there is no doubt about the government's intention to expand the airport. The airport at Umroi, but there are still a few complaints and some land owners, who have not yet received their payment from the government.
While the Committee is still working, Meghalaya has not yet decided on its own.
In a letter signed by Enrico D Passi President of the union, the union said that the DC's order is an attempt to obstruct the smooth running of trade. Neither the Court nor the NGT has specified that the coal trucks should pass only through the NH-6 or near the DC's office, Nongpoh.
Therefore, the village invites all those who read this news to inform others, so that they can be aware of this violence and rudeness of this organization, who do not understand and do not know the laws of their different villages that they have established in their villages.
He said 92 teachers from Jowai, 21 from Tura, 37 from Amlarem, 43 from Dadenggiri and 60 from Shillong have been dismissed.
“After coming to power in 2018, the Government has changed all the schemes.
Chauhan contested the last MLA election from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) with 10,553 votes.
The second means that Jesus is the head while the various church groups that followed his teachings are the branches.
Jethmalani was Law Minister and Urban Development Minister in the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government and chairman of the Bar Council of India.
It is for this reason that the Nomination Committee has proposed the name of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh as the President of the party.
Shillong, June 30: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Saturday sent a petition to the Vice Chancellor (VC) of the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) demanding that the university should not be appointed. Professors and Assistant Professors at the university.
And we must be clear on the true basis of the UCC so that we can avoid being influenced by political ideology.
The match will be broadcast at 7 pm on Euro-sport India, Indian Football and Fancode YouTube channels.
The crackdown is partly to curb the motivation of some people who plan to carry illegal money during such election periods.
During the collaboration between the CRPF and the Women and Child Development Department, the three teams from Srinagar, Shillong and Kanyakumari will talk to people involved in the BBBP. ) such as school children and college students, women's SHGs, NCC cadets, children of CCIs, NYKS members, youth men and women, anganwadi workers in various districts.
You must be a member of the party.
Roy said the HYC does not support the implementation of the MRSSA, 2016 because it is a toothless Act which only allows to collect information from those who live abroad in Shillong.
Research suggests that there is a change in the appearance of stroke, but stroke is more common in the elderly, the elderly and the elderly compared to the young and healthy.
A pH of 1 to 4.5 means that the soil is extremely acidic like those soils in coal mines.
But he will turn steamy and fall.
He said there are four routes through Assam to Bangladesh, but the route through Meghalaya is shorter to reach Bangladesh.
Bernard said that the money for schemes from the Central Government like NREGA, PMAY, old age allowance, food allowance for students and others has been delivered online to bring about cleanliness in the country. you are right.
He explained that the threats and orders from the DC on the implementation of the Green Tribunal are man-made orders and there is no problem in amending the Act through the Delhi leaders. and from the State Government.
It was heard that the neighbors said that he was a man who was stupid and arrogant.
Speaking on the Government's intention to provide financial assistance to education, Conrad said, “Today I am meeting with the officials of the Education Department to discuss the maintenance of schools.
This place is very beautiful and besides Mawbynna, from this place you can also see various villages of Shillong and the beautiful valley which flows from the Umshyrpi River to the Bidon Bishop Valley. Falls.
I don't know how to hear Thad news.
“We also demand that NEIGRIHMS should inform as soon as possible about the vacancy and take measures to provide special information to the youth of the state on this recruitment process. the newspapers," he said.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 3 cases.
The residents of Shella and Sohra area through the Joint Action Committee will hold a public meeting tomorrow to protest against the SDO (Civil)'s call for registration of foreigners in the Sub-State. division.
“How can we expect the government to treat the people when its ministers are only thinking about their own constituencies,” said Bah Pynshngain. Bah HM Shangpliang) also allowed him to attend a non-governmental meeting held in his constituency in Mawsynram.
Ko Bah Pynshngaiñ, if you want the inhabitants of our area to disappear and lose their uniqueness as a nation from the face of the earth, disappear first your Hima Bhowal"
The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (MRTH) has allocated Rs 1000 crore for the construction of a two lane road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah and 30 km from Wahkaji-Phlangdiloin-Ranikor under the SARDP-NE scheme. The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has delayed in issuing NOC to the 2-lane road Nongstoin-Wahkaji-Mawthabah and the Wahkaji-Phlangdiloin-Ranikor road. and others under its jurisdiction.
The handover ceremony was attended by the EE Engineer of PWD Building, Bah Ransom Sutnga in the presence of the Principal of KJP Higher Secondary School, school authorities.
This came after they beat Water Resources XI 9-1 in the last quarterfinal match.
South West Khasi Hills District came second with two gold, silver and three bronze medals.
Asked how many times since the thied has been to the store “About 4 or 5 times I still go to the store, I don’t want to show people that I own it, I don’t want people to know that I the owner" he said.
After the fire, the Nongpoh Police Station has rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire and remove the burnt items from the highway. .
If I must die for it, let me die.
Khimusniang beat Lumiawmuchai Shangpung 2-1 in the Super Division Football Tournament sponsored by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
Likewise, at that time we didn't have light, TV at home, mobile and internet and we didn't know anything about it.
Researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, say that in people with advanced sleep phase syndrome, the body's circadian rhythm works faster than in other people.
In 1948 Israel divided Jerusalem into two parts, one West Jerusalem for Israelis and the other East Jerusalem for Palestinians.
So that time of reconciliation between God and the Gentiles was nearing its end.
The MP of the Rajya Sabha may change and the BJP will not get a majority for the following reasons:-1
During the inspection on the 13th of this month, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah was accompanied by government officials and contractors implementing these projects.
Nongpoh, July 04: Thousands of poor families in Mawhati Constituency in Ri Bhoi District, today received the tins of household items distributed by the MLA of Mawhati Constituency. Mawhati at a meeting held at Umroi Nongrah.
Talks are underway with the authorities in Qatar to allow the sale of beer in five stadiums; However, as of now, the Qatari government has reportedly banned the sale of marijuana at sporting events.
The New Year 2023, has come to an end, in which mankind around the world, has already prayed, with the hope, that it will be a blessed year, both in terms of of employment, income, health, education, agriculture in which mankind has bowed down to ask for all these things from God.
“For LPs, the interview will be held on 15th November 2023 and we will try to complete it before Christmas and before Christmas the appointment of those who pass the interview will be completed,” said Rakkam.
The disease is most common in Maharashtra, Delhi and Karnataka.
Avoid bathing for at least 10 minutes during hot weather and first make sure to rinse or pour water on the lower parts of the body.
According to information received by Rupang from the media, some of the patients have become ill due to the anxiety of waiting at the Ultra Sound Center and some of the patients have become cold. They were cold in this place and were in the middle of a weak body.
Shillong: A vehicle (ML.01.7031) of Shillong Special Public Transport Service (SSPTS) Rongsaw collided with a truck at 7mer this morning.
Nongpoh, June 02: Ethnic clashes between Khasi and Nepalis have broken out in Jatalong village, Ri-Bhoi District on the border with Assam, following the shooting death of several Khasi youths from Ri-Bhoi District. Khyndewso village in these communities.
“When this incident happened, as the party in charge of the state, we went to Balakhawa on Saturday to know the truth and what they want is to see that the government should do something. “Such incidents should not happen,” said Dr Mukul.
They said that the visit to the MLA's house is not for any personal or political reason, but it is the issue of the Khasi people to demand from the Government that The Reservation Policy has been revised as the number of employees in the state has increased significantly compared to the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
In this regard, the union has strongly warned and will take action if such officers are found.
Now, don't expect the HNLC to come back to ask for peace like a ksew that wants shyiengdoh,” he added.
India has reported 240 new cases of coronavirus on Tuesday, while the number of confirmed cases has risen to 2,3
There were 61 cases yesterday and 89 cases today.
He said that the Forest Department will be more vigilant in this regard and continue to inspect vehicles passing through the checkgates to detect illegal rnga vehicles and also to take action according to the rules of law.
The FKJGP also urges the DC to direct the relevant authorities of the Department of Forest and Environment and the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) to expedite the felling of trees and relocation of electricity posts in along this road of project 4 lane so that the work can start in areas where there is no need for traffic.
“I strongly urge the government and district authorities in Garo Hills, GHADC and Bar Associations not to recognize such a person and to be vigilant that no one should take advantage of such a person. This is the kind of person who plays chess,” said Rinaldo.
Archana was rushed to hospital for treatment and the incident occurred at 3 pm on the night of Diwali. Archana was on the balcony with her daughter. he burned the Diwali fire.
East Jaintia Hills District is also the district with the highest number of drug traffickers in Meghalaya.
The statement said that a complaint was lodged with the Secretary, Bureau of Energy Efficiency, New Delhi on 27th November 2013 but even after several phone calls, the office did not respond. Nothing has been done and for this reason the parents want to inform the media so that it will not affect the future of the students.
New Delhi: The Ministry of Home Affairs of India has directed a committee to hold 1951 as the census year to find out the number of citizens in Assam and to implement the census. The Inner Line Permit (ILP) Act in the state has also been implemented to curb the influx of foreigners into Assam.
He also said that he will work for the change in the field of justice.
(Not fatal, it can cause hearing loss, vision loss, memory loss, sleep loss and others).
He said that as Maieit Hoping founded the HSPDP with his father, he too as a son will stand firm on the foundation for the sake of the sovereignty of the country and the nation. .
After extinguishing the fire, the team recovered two bodies from the plane.
She said that climate change has brought great harm to all living things, especially to human beings, whether it is gradually affecting or human beings have to face. no now too.
The leaders of the 36 group have more than 47, while the leaders of the 24 group have only two or three, so it is easier to control the 24 because there is no shlan. ban mushrooms.
My youngest daughter who is studying class-XII and my grandson who is studying UKG-B go to the same school.
Speaking after inspecting the road with the PHE and PWD officials, PT Sawkmie demanded that the PHE department should complete the construction of the road within two months. months, because for more than a year they have given time and patience, but they have not been able to finish it yet.
Besides, the amateur league of the MFA, will be ready to once again raise the spirit of pride in the villages, because as it is now, football is no longer the most popular league, after the state, because There are many clubs competing even at the I.League level, many of the players from the villages have had to leave, because the clubs have paid the fees.
:Khanapara Police Station on 9th July 2024, at 08:30 pm, received a tip that an employee of MePTCL identified as (L) Bah Paimon Khongkrom who is the husband of Kong Keldaris Mawlong, has committed suicide by hanging himself with a market plate inside the door of his room at MePTCL in Bara Killing Ri Bhoi District under Khanapara Police Station.
Nongpoh: U Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, President of the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (MIDC), on Tuesday said that the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (MIDC) is strongly opposed to a project introduced by the government in Umiam MIDC. Umiam MIDC has allocated T.8 crore for the completion of the project.
The way is for us to turn only to the Lord who can bring peace and happiness into our lives.
Mukhim said the Umsning-Mawhati to Jagiroad road is about 80 km long and includes 60 villages. It is also a blessing to the people and will relieve traffic jam on the 4-lane road.
Shillong, July 19: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has expressed its strong opposition to the recent decision of the Meghalaya High Court to dismiss the Rangbah Shnongs. Rangbah Shnong and District Councils to request the court to quash the decision, and at the same time she requested the court to reconsider the decision.
On the other hand, the party said that the party wants all the polling stations and villages under them to fall exactly as the Umsning Constituency was divided in the last MLA elections.
It is learned that the army vehicles, which were parked at Bardang, near Singtam, were drowned in the floods.
Pool-E, Demthring, Ladhlaboh, Mookymphad Mihmyntdu and Ksehsylle Ïalong.
This is the order issued today by the General Administration Department.
In a letter sent to the SP, the Sonapyrdi village and the union demanded the immediate evacuation of the BSF from the area.
Bhalang called to the village to announce the good news.
“When I was in the Congress party, I saw the same thing when there was a conflict even though we were in the same party,” he said.
According to officials, 7-8 wild elephants crossed from Bangladesh to India at about 5 pm on Friday at Kamarpara.
Among them, Bah Bindo is the oldest MLA in the UDP, a former MLA and MDC of the KHADC while Bah Metbah is the three-time MLA and the oldest. The oldest of these MLAs is the current UDP.
In the presence of school children and government officials, the Prime Minister also took the oath of office of the NIPUN Bharat Mission.
This will continue," said the SP (City).
On the other hand, Masro Kyndait (U-21) 1500mts, his absence from the tournament was bad as he suffered from pneumonia since the day he left with the team. If these illnesses or sufferings had not affected his body, he would have been able to hold the third place, a record that he In Guwahati, it was worse after he scored in 4:08 seconds.
“As an organization that looks after the welfare of the people, we cannot even close the tollgate at Lumshnong because it is useless to collect from the people, while the road has not been improved”.
John 3:6.
This corruption has reached our blood vessels and started in 1984, only 12 years after the birth of Meghalaya.
It encouraged the pastor to return after 55 years to the place where he lived when he was a child.
Officers and employees of the State Government and KVIC attended all the programmes.
“It is hoped that the AAI and the state government will complete the necessary investigation within the next few months,” the order said. .
From the findings of researchers and intellectuals, it can be said that the Khasi are the Trai Ri according to the definition of the 169th Session of the International Labor Organization and therefore they have the right not to violate the protection measures. The first issue that UNDRIP has taken up is the rights of indigenous peoples to land.
The cause of death was reported as pneumonia and ARDS, COVID 19 and pneumonia.
As part of the efforts, under the orders of Guntur District Superintendent of Police Arif Hafeez, Tadepalli Police have stepped up their security operations and deployed security personnel. Signboard prohibiting swimmers on the banks of the river and prohibiting people from entering dangerous areas.
On the other hand, the PWD has already informed the district authorities if there are any vehicles passing by which could cause danger to the people.
Amen" (Here stands.
The Congress has promised that 20 per cent of the poorest in the country will receive T.72,000 per annum,” said Rahul Gandhi. to confirm the scheme.
Perhaps many of them have forgotten to check whether these buses have number plates or not, because just seeing that the color of these buses is red is enough but one man without thinking said that while he was sitting in the bus When he reached the place where he was stopped, the vehicle went straight without believing and the driver did not listen to the order of the driver and went on his way and stopped 10 kilometers ahead of the place. not stopped.
The police outpost in Saitsama has not been able to provide protection to the people at the Khanduli border.
The wind passes over him, and he is no longer in his place, nor is he recognized.
When asked whether it could reach the point where they will leave the party, Diverland said, “We will not leave the party at all, but we will fight within the party”.
“It is surprising that even the first Olympic runners have not been able to complete this distance,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh while raising the issue in the Legislative Assembly today. .
However, the High Court has also made it clear that the deployment of the CISF will be at a fee and according to the agreement between the State Government and the Central Government.
“India has reached the moon, we have put the glory of the country on the moon,” he said.
“Go yourselves, for it is not possible to build the house.
Warjri said the Meghalaya government has not yet given permission to the Assam government to construct these roads and the Syiem and Hima Dorbar demand to suspend the construction of these roads until permission is received from the Meghalaya government.
The RKJ also said that the court should have sought information since the government has not appointed jobs in various departments, such as Agriculture and others.
The Chief Guest, Mr. Harlington Shadap, former Waheh Shnong, appealed to the public to help purchase the Lucky Draw as a donation for the improvement of the school.
The former Jaintia Students Union (JSU) leader expressed his deep sorrow over the accusations of the NPP leaders against the people for their inability to repair the garbage dump in Jowai.
Father Mathew Naickomparambil, VC, prayer and healer of various diseases, while speaking on the occasion, said that God is the Healer and he prays to Him. May God have mercy on the sick and restore them to full health.
The BJP has won 41 MLAs in Tripura, while the Left, which has ruled the state for 25 years, led by Manik Sarkar, has won only 18 MLAs. piece.
Dippu Sang has taken 17 wickets in all the matches of the tournament.
He said that 90% of the funds come from the central government and 10% from the state government.
Meghalaya will soon elect new leaders from all 60 constituencies in the Legislative Assembly.
He wrote to the Minister that the Meghalaya Building Bye-Law has been drawn up in terms of Floor Area Ratio (FAR) while the Building Bye-Law of the Cantonment Board has been drawn up in terms of Floor Space Index (FSI). and the people in these areas were not allowed to build houses according to the needs of their families.
The elections for the election of new leaders in 230 constituencies in Madhya Pradesh were held on 17th November. Voters in 199 out of 200 constituencies in Rajasthan went to cast their votes. on 25th November and in Telangana for 119 seats on 30th November.
This is not the time for us to leave the mosques and if we stay in the mosques, Allah will bring peace to the world”.
THE Israelites were destroyed.
“Look what happened last year when Bah Cheristerfiled was shot dead but now this issue has disappeared even though at that time it was a hot topic and I don't want this to happen. “The incident in Mukroh will be like what happened to Bah Che,” he said.
At present, it has been observed that in the areas where tourism has developed, the influx of foreign and domestic investors has increased.
“What is clear is that we have to beautify this place and according to the law of the Government of India and the State Government, it will not be allowed to have a church or school in the area. market, so we will have to remove schools and places of worship from these places".
The penalty came after Reign M's kickstart sent Ïeitlang Syiemlieh into the box and Alanki didn't miss the opportunity to score. he scored in the first half.
“It is painful to see the situation in Manipur, and I hope that groups like the NEIPF will take up this issue in order to restore peace in Manipur.
"That man should preserve his life is the law of nature.
However, the Cherry Blossom Festival held at Lumdaitkhla Bhoirymbong Madan Kurkalang has brought shame and disgrace to the community and the state. The famous singer has given a sad and sad message to the world.
It doesn't mean that just because you vote for me, you can take the Kur Dhar.
Linus Dkhar, MDC Sohmynting, West Jaintia Hills District, has passed away on December 1,
Shillong, Jympahng 28: A day after the polling for the election of new MLAs to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has ended and the Exit Polls have predicted the victory of the political parties in the state. NPP President Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has left for Guwahati to meet with the Convenor of the North East Democratic Alliance (NDA). NEDA) and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma to discuss the formation of a government in the state between the NPP and BJP, sources said.
The residents of the village have expressed their concern over this, alleging that the contractors who got the project have worked only to complete the project, talking about the lack of equipment and no one has gone. Please note that the electricity department will not correct all these errors.
The Christian faith teaches us to fear only God, but when the BJP came to power as the Central Government, all the Christians forgot to fear God and feared Modi, Amit Shah, the RSS Hindubta and have feared all the Hindu gods and forgotten to fear God, God has rewarded us Christians by publishing in the Shillong Times and NALOR PULPIT. to the brothers and sisters, don't let this incident that is known in the newspapers make you ashamed and discouraged because it has been revealed for our sins by God, Matt 10:2
Bandi Sanjay Kumar, the BJP leader in Telangana, was arrested at his residence in Karimnagar after midnight. His arrest came a few days before the visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to the state.
Referring to his brother James Sangma as a responsible leader who has worked not only for his constituency but for the state as a whole, Conrad congratulated the people of Dadenggre for their trust in him.
In this regard, the Dorbar Shnong Lawbah, through the Rangbah Shnong Bah DK Wahlang, expresses its gratitude to the Asst.EE MPDCL. , Mawsynram Sub-Division, IJE MPDCL, Mawsynram Sub-Division who have kindly assisted in the installation of another transformer, which has solved the problems of the residents, especially the school children.
Exodus 19:3-6.
This statement came after the recent clashes between the Karbi and Khasi-Pnars in Khanduli, West Jaintia Hills District.
With only four months left before the Lok Sabha elections, the voice against the Congress has been spreading across the country and this has worried even the Congress leaders. in the state of Meghalaya.
However, there have been many delays in this project due to the lack of strength of the pumps to pump water from the ground to the Treatment Plant at the top of Lum Mawphlang.
At this meeting, the DC and SP strongly warned not to create any disturbance which could disrupt the smooth running of the Durga Puja at the Temple of the former Jaintia Syiem.
Leaders of the Sein Kur Dkhar from Wapung Circle, East and West Jaintia Hills District today visited the house of Ajay Dkhar, son of Empor Dkhar, at Mookhep, East Jaintia Hills District. to honor him with souvenirs and a cash prize of T.15450/-.
New Delhi: The Rajya Sabha session has ended today, but the BJP government has not passed the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill CAB).
He said that the constituency division Bill should be suspended first as it does not meet the needs and wishes of the people.
It completed the house in 95 days according to the rules.
He also urged all the political parties to unite for the greater cause of protecting the country and the nation.
So far, two people have died, one in Delhi and one in Karnataka.
On the same night, the authorities informed the relevant department and sent helicopters to patrol around the area. .
“The Minister and the Cabinet as a whole should take responsibility which has been the main reason why the necessary works of the jaidbynriew have had to be taken to the streets,” said the Seng. The government has not taken responsibility for putting the life of Bah Ardent in danger.
Two Khasi, Skendro L Mawnai, 68, and Twendro L Mawnai, 70, of Mawnai village, Nongdron, have been arrested in Guwahati.
In the Vocational Stream, there are 8 males and 9 females.
Last year, 97 participants took part in the festival.
According to the information, the owners of this house have not used it for about 3 years but have stayed in one of the houses from the village through the office of the Block Development. At the same time, the Rangbah Shnong of Kmawanrum, East Khasi Hills District together with the owners of the houses affected by the fire The Dorbar Shnong Kmawanrum, 2022, today explained to the public that the Dorbar Shnong Kmawanrum has been involved in the incident. the family.
It may be that the TMC leaders have not been taught that they should first create and strengthen the foundation.
“Look at Nongpoh, MDC Bah Balajied has left the Congress and joined the UDP. It has never happened since I have been an MLA for many years that MDCs from other parties come to join the UDP. ," he added.
Ronaldo Sohlang scored three goals for Pyndengrei in the 3rd minute, Pynbhalang Marweiñ in the 64th minute and Rangkynbha Wahlang in the 78th minute. Lenny Kravit Lyngdoh scored the first goal in the 25th minute and Khrawbor Lyngdoh in the 85th minute.
She said that the issues and principles that she wants to achieve in Mawhati Constituency include the establishment of a C&RD Block in Mawhati, a Market Complex, a Model School and also to develop the Tyrso-Umru area. the fame of the Amur Falcon from across the sea and other development projects which are of real benefit to the people.
That previous article referred to foreign diseases.
“Dr Mukul said that while the peace talks are ongoing, the government should drop all the cases filed against the HNLC, 'until the soskular is signed'
Most of the shops that have been injected are foreigners and there are very few Khasi.
He said he has been in politics for 35 years and 25 years as an MLA and today's dorbar is his last session as an MLA. Sometimes to be like the Lamphang, she feels lonely and quiet only during the dorbar.
Prof Shukla said that NEHU has already implemented the NEP 2020 for the Post Graduate (PG) courses for the year 2022-2023 and from 1st July 2023, NEHU will implement the NEP for Under Graduate (UG) degrees.
Kuroiler chickens were also distributed to 500 beneficiaries.
Besides Bah G Tangsang, Bah L Mawnai, President Byrnihat Circle, Central Body Member and other members of the party were also present.
Another step in the education department has been taken by the state government on the acceptance of the use of NCERT textbooks by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) from the start of the month. class I to class X from next season.
In the second leg, Chaphrang United beat Golden Rise 6-5 in a penalty shoot out after the first leg ended in a 1-1 draw. .
The State Government has also informed that the movement of the public in the areas of Shillong Civil Hospital has been strictly controlled for several days.
The Crafts Bazaar showcased handicrafts from across India including One District One Product (ODOP), GI certified handicrafts and indigenous and women handicrafts. .
The arrest of these foreigners came after receiving detailed information that these foreigners had arrived in Shillong on the orders of a contractor, and these foreigners were carrying a tourist vehicle carrying They reached Lad Umsaw Damsite, after which they turned into a local taxi to escape being checked by the security forces at Mawiong.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie suggested to the SHGs that they can also set up embroidery shops, sewing shops, beauty parlors and others.
Lobkush is studying BA (English) at ICFAI University, Shillong and is also close to another drug dealer known as Haleem Miah who was recently arrested by the police from Nongthymmai.
Trinamool Congress (TMC) leader Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday denied reports that he had met with BJP leaders in New Delhi recently.
It is truly wonderful and it is the Word of God even though the writers and places differ, but the most wonderful message that comes throughout the Bible is the message “The Wonderful Love of God God to the world, and that Love of his is evident that he sent his only begotten Son into the world.
KSU President Daniel Khyriem said the CCIB demands that the government should stop the survey without the knowledge of the land owners.
The protest has intensified among the Congress MLAs as both Dr Mukul's faction and Bah Lapang's faction have admitted that they have received the majority, but it all depends on the decision of the Congress MLAs. Sonia didn't give me a decision.
Rudra Singh Rathore took four wickets while Pankaj Sharma took three wickets.
I also saw that the building of their houses was so strong that even if the earthquake came, it wouldn't shake anymore. seek God.
The group also visited Shnongpdeng and spent time near the clean Umngot River.
Jowai, July 3: The Jaintia National Volunteer (JNV) has conducted a cleanliness drive at Syntu Ksiar on Tuesday. other waste polluting and polluting and spoiling the beautiful area- tourist attraction and picnic ground.
The 19 sports to be held at the Meghalaya Games include Archery, Athletics, Badminton, Basketball, Billiards & Snookers, Boxing, Cycling, Football, Golf, Gymnastics, Judo, Karate, Shooting, Swimming, Table Tennis, Taekwondo, Tennis, Weighlifting and Wushu.
Shillong, March 25: Music is not just a pleasure but a plate of food that fills the stomach, said Dr Helen Giri while speaking at the cultural program of the Mawlai Mawroh Dorbar Shnong.
However, in all these three residences, there was not a single sing, not a single suri or not a single ksih and thus, the fact is, that the money, which has been spent, which has reached T. crore, to these households, who have nothing at all, according to a survey by The Young Whistleblowers Foundation.
According to sources, members of the KIA/KIO went to attack and attacked members of the armed groups stationed in Chungkhao, Henglep sub-division of Churachandpur area. district, Manipur – the border area with Myanmar.
“Those who are rich don't think about the future.
Mawlong together with other leaders took this step as part of addressing the needs of the orphans living in the orphanage in Mawsyntai.
But when the branches of that tree are cut down and cut down, it breaks his soul.
The meeting was conducted by the General Secretary of Chiliangraij, Orilan Shylla while the Waheh Shnong, DH Pde expressed the plight of the families regarding the garbage.
For the Under – 16years Boys (11 Events), the events are 100M, 300M,800M,2000M, Long Jump, High Jump, Shot Put (4.00 Kg), Javelin (600 gms). ), Discuss (1.250 Kg), Medlay Relay, Hexathlon (Six Events) (100M, Long Jump, Shot Put (4.
However, he was a Hindu leader who was able to shake India through his Hindutva.
Regarding the fire, it was learned that the two houses that burnt down were the houses of Kong Sirda Mukhim and Kong Aidalin Mukhim, who are mothers and children. The victim was identified as Linus Marngar, husband of Aidalin and brother-in-law of Sirda Mukhim.
The JHADC has issued another order recognizing Lephing Pyrtuh as the full Waheh Shnong of Sohmynting according to the notice (No.JHADC/Pol/33/2007/61 Dated 16 July 2019) according to the confirmation of Lephing Pyrtuh. Dolloi of Amwi District on 23rd June
The reporter also spoke to DJ Yanny Tadar from Arunachal Pradesh, who said that she earns a lot of money from this job and goes without a contract.
Rangbah Shnong (Thangskai, Wahiajer, Cheruphi) if the garbage from your factory goes to other villages.
“If we as a society don't condone and avoid such violence and ethnic discrimination, it means we don't want to be affected if there is any incident of violence in India,” she said. TUR.Ka TUR concluded by saying that the silence on the incident of violence and brutality within one's own land is unacceptable.
This incident has happened twice this morning, in the morning at about 5 pm, which has caused a lot of damage to vehicles along the Umtyngngar-Pynursla road.
As these three persons did not reach their homes even in the evening, the residents of Mowjem and other villages went to look for them and found them at the Police Station, said the JACBoM. The Officer In-Charge, who was at the Police Station, ordered the police to arrest these residents and the child who was present at the time. the body because you have been tied to the sword.
These stones are said to belong to Said Kharkongor or Nongthymmai.
Also during the Question Hour we received clarifications from them even though there were questions that we did not receive answers to that day.
The following are the names of the players: Under 15 Boys (Single) Lechan Suchiang Anoris Mukhim Dapmon Suchiang Under 15 Boys (Doubles) Lechan Suchiang & Dapmon Under 17 Boys (Single) Under 17 Boys (Doubles) Banshan & Wompher Hunbait & Lechan Nehipaia & Salon uma Anoris & Dapmon Under 19 Boys (Single) Banshan Lamare Owawan Dkhar Heinipaia S Manner Leminelson Suchiang Wanjur Niang Kyntubhah Bamon Under & Doublesh & Doubles Ontuwa ( Wanjur & Leminelson Hunbait & Salon uma Open Category (Single) Mebanker Chullai Gregereo Passah Deilang Nongpluh Buromlangki Lakiang Ram Najiar Dauru Laloo Owawan Dkhar Heinipaia S Manner Marbiangki Bareh Dabiang Law Johnny Mawlong Iadami Iadagory Mendiah Kyban Freddy Dou Caloo Caloo Grego Iadami & Dabiang Dauru & Ram Inner & Marbiangki Freddy & Sactification Burom & Deilang Under 15 Girls (Single) Sakani Lyngdoh Open category Girls (Single) Pretty Open category (Doubles) Sakani & Pretty XD Mebanker & Pretty Deilang & Sakani.
There are dozens of Khasi villages in the Langpih area.
The district authorities have also announced a curfew from 10 pm to 5 pm on Tuesday.
The Health Minister's reply that the machine incinerator is only available at the Civil Hospital but is no longer available only at NEIGRIHMS Hospital and the wrong reply of the Minister of Agriculture to count the 1917 vehicles Every district has 28 districts while in his reply, he said that there are only 18 districts.
He said that there should be a restriction on the entry and exit of people in the affected areas.
According to police, the incident occurred while the child was walking in the area.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Sanata Mary Shylla said that the visit of the Committee members to Nongstoin was on the basis of explaining to the district authorities such as the Police Chiefs. and lawyers, that after registration of cases they should expedite in providing evidence according to the circumstances of the case and also as requested by the Hon'ble Court.
The group urged the Mukul Sangma government to call for talks with the Sengbhalang, not to listen to the Prime Minister, because the ILP protest of the Sengbhalang is an issue that all the people of Bri ju 7trep support except him. and those who were bought by him.
According to the owners of the house, they cannot tell when the robbers broke the four tires of the vehicle because they did not hear any sound. the strength of the lyer.
The inspection was attended by MLA Nujorki Sungoh, Executive Engineer RWS Division Jowai, S. Najiar SDO Sub-Division, PHE Jowai and several officials of the two departments. three villages.
Shillong, Naitung 1: Many shopkeepers whose shops have been destroyed have been forced to stay at home because they don't have a place to live.
Besides, the party also condemns the MLAs of the area who have remained silent without saying anything to protect the people or to demand the rights of the people as they said during their election campaign. with the people if their rights are violated.
The number of new cases in the country has risen to 2.67 lakh.
Addressing the problem of plastic pollution has been a challenge faced by all countries.
Today, the match will be played between St. Mary's College v/s Synod College and Lady Keane College v/s Balawan College.
It is a nation that is divided, envious, fighting and hating fellow Khasi.
Shillong: The 1st Badminton Tournament 2019 was held at the Umsning Area Indoor Hall on Saturday.
The meeting discussed the leadership and the use of modern technology in the development of business education.
He said that although some of the residents of the village had tried to protect these youths, but the arrival of the people in vehicles had frightened these youths and the driver of the vehicle had tried to shoot them. flee from this place.
On the other hand, after the meeting of farmers held at Nongnah to express their concern over the destruction of crops at the same time which threatens their lives, on the 31st of July They also met with the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills, Bah T Lyngwa to inform him about the problems of the farmers. The roads to relocate these wild elephants which have been in the Ranikor area for about two years.
Look at the poverty.
There were also those who suggested that all the 60 MLAs should go to Delhi to persuade the NDA government to take an immediate decision to implement these issues.
As they are young people who are still in the process of training, they have been assisted by the Meghalaya State Skills Development Society, Avanues Jingkieng and Micro.
A.Nongrum is a War because he lives in the war area while B.Nongrum is a Khynriam because he lives in the Khynriam area and K.Nongrum is a Bhoi because he lives in the area. They call it Ri-Bhoi and one of the things that unites us is that the Nongrum of War, the Nongrum of Khynriam and the Nongrum of Ri-Bhoi are brothers.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Tourism, praised the richness of the environment and the Ri-Bhoi District. It is indeed a place blessed by God as there is also a saying that when the seed is sown in the southern part of Ri-Bhoi, the body and the soh.
Shillong, Naitung 5: The BJP has won four states in the North East, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Nagaland, on Tuesday said that the BJP has won four states in the North East. The days have passed since the party came to power in Meghalaya.
In his speech, Bah Ronnie suggested that the KHADC should consider making it easier to issue Trading License to foreign companies who carry out development works for the people of the state which the indigenous people are not able to do. and to strictly issue licenses to them if they apply to do work that the indigenous people have been able to do.
Pynshaiborlang Rani, Office Secretary Spaindonsing Lyngkhoi, Sports and Cultural Secretary Eric A Nongkynrih and Environment Secretary Shiningstar Kharbuhkhiew.
However, while the group was returning to the police station, TMC supporters led by Estamur's wife Hasina Zaman, blocked the road at Bholarpita and released the man from the police station. hands of the Police.
The MBOSE should also issue instructions/directions and guidelines to all schools that teachers teaching Social Sciences should no longer send questions from the text book. ) from each chapter but will allow teachers to frame their own questions according to their knowledge to create questions from each chapter as they do for the Khasi subject.
Shillong, July 25: Bah Adilbert Nongrum has sent an apology to the ANVC-B for his speech on the issue of Garo MDCs in the KHADC. Rupang has asked various Sengbhalang for their views on the issue.
Hamlet said the reason for his decision to join the NPP was on the right grounds and issues.
Boston Marak was arrested after the Lokayukta filed a chargesheet against him on charges of corruption.
Meghalaya will play against Tamil Nadu on Saturday.
Two days were allocated for government affairs, where the Demands for Grants and Supplementary Appropriation 2018-19 will be submitted, three days were allocated for various issues. by family members.
In the first half at 2:30 pm, Ïasnohktilang opened the scoring through Jerina Mawlong in the 36th minute but Daphishisha Syngkli scored the second goal in the 42nd minute.
Are the law enforcement agencies still willing to arrest the mynder when he can hide under the clothes of our Khasi girls?
We would like to thank Dr. David Tariang for his excellent care, the JJA, the office of Nongsiañ Hima, Batesi TV and Syllad.com, Kong Santa Merry Shylla, SI .E.Pohchen, the staff of TopCem and others who came to comfort and console us in the midst of sorrow and grief.
To achieve all these, we need the cooperation not only of the Dorbar Shnongs or the youth, women's organizations but especially from the household.
On this occasion, the Catholic Parish Byrnihat not only celebrated the World Environment Day, but also conducted a training to the public to understand the importance of environmental protection. At the same time, 150 trees were planted in the grounds of the school and in parts of Baridua village.
The party urged the members not to be afraid but to stand firm.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The petrol and diesel refinery at Umiam, Ri-Bhoi District has been idle for many years. The incident occurred at Lokhra TAP of Point, Assam.
The incident occurred after an Improvised Explosive Device (IED) was planted in a vehicle that was on its way to the scene.
The public acceptance and praise of the 11 rapists as innocent or good or pure people because they are “Brahmins” is an insult to women who have suffered discrimination and you're being rejected.
Tura, Naitung 26 : Police in West Garo Hills have arrested 35 persons for threatening to throw stones at the Chief Minister's Office, Tura. and to attack the residence of the Prime Minister in Tura.
“If anything happens, we on behalf of the Dorbar Shnong cannot just watch or listen,” he added.
Meanwhile, the Additional Director of Health Services (SS), Shillong, said that the body of a deceased patient named Regina Marbaniang, 52, who lived in I live in Shillong.
Besides distributing certificates to the trainees, startup kits were also distributed to the trainees to start their business.
There are many leaders who are not only farmers but not legislators or policy makers, so it has been seen that there are no adequate policies in education until teachers have to lead themselves to demand their rights. They have the right to sleep on the ground just to get their salary and also to improve their education. The students have to come out to force the government to demand the right scholarship. right is yours.
Regarding the opening of the KSU Mawshynrut Circle office, Bah Marngar said that the KSU Mawshynrut Circle office should not be above the Dorbar Shnongs. They should be under the village leaders and cooperate with them.
“I will not be afraid to drive away your Panah.
At the same time, this crime has damaged government and private buildings such as wells, decorations and others.
Pala received 209,288 votes while Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit received 1,68,940 votes.
He said that Meghalaya is the education hub of the state and the presence of this university has brought the glory of Meghalaya to continue to grow. in the development of education and training of the youth of the state and the country as a whole, he added.
After the meeting, the journalists went to talk to the CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, but Bah Adelbert, said that he did not intend to talk to the journalists, because they wanted to talk to the KHADC. can long jar-jar.
When asked about the failure of the students, the Secretary of the MPSC said that perhaps it is the high pass mark set by the Directorate of Accounts & Treasuries which has caused the students not to pass because compared to others. Other Government Departments have set the Qualifying Marks at only 33 marks and those who come first will be selected.
He said that the residents of Mukroh are in shock and 25 families living in the area have had to flee the area and flee to the village centre.
LMK Lynrah, the first Chairman of the SSSS, said that some of the members of the SSSS are Rangbah Shnong, Tymmen Basan and he complained that some of them have received doctoral degrees, but, they don't even know how to run the Dorbar Shnong.
He said that immediately after receiving the information, he wrote to the district administration, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the KHADC to oppose the proposal to sell the land to the army.
For many years now, street vendors have been demanding and expecting the Government to enact and implement the Protection of Livelihood Act of the Government of India on street vendors. and Regulation of Street Vending) Act, 2014.
The Executive Member of the MDC from Nongshken, Kong Grace M Kharpuri, has left the House without arriving.
Shillong: The Ribhoi Students Union (USU) has arrested two drug dealers from Iomawroh on the border of Assam and Meghalaya at around 1:00 pm this morning.
Nongstoiñ November 17: The Youth Service of the Umyiap Presbyterian Church, Umyiap District is one of the oldest youth services in the Presbytery. year 1948.
Every nation on this earth lives and grows because its language survives and flourishes and passes from one generation to another. Those who use their own language properly not only survive but become a great country.
Eugeneson has made history for himself by becoming the first player to score for Bengaluru FC in the Asian Continental Club. Johor Darul Tazim beat Malaysian Football Club 2-1 in the AFC Champions League qualifier.
The church in its infancy had apostles and prophets to protect its listeners from false teachers (Eph 4:14-16).
Shillong: If Ampareen Lyngdoh and Agatha Sangma win the Lok Sabha MP elections, BJP leader and MLA from 19 South Shillong Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, on Tuesday said that if Ampareen Lyngdoh and Agatha Sangma win the Lok Sabha MP elections, they will become Government Ministers. Middle.
The Government has also allowed the parties to bring in two other party members besides the elected members.
NYV, Mawkyrwat also gave a speech on the purpose of the program and urged and encouraged the youth to work together to bring about development in the community and in the country. you live your life.
However, the best way to build a nation is by setting examples and with advice that can make all those who commit unacceptable acts in society aware.
He said that the coal buyers are now buying coal with proper documents as the coal has been auctioned by Coal India Limited (CIL).
We must know the history, so that we can discuss both sides.
Those who have arrived in the State today, are
There are also places where the people want the party to hold meetings especially in the constituencies where we did not field candidates in the last election,” said Dr. Syngkon.
Replying to the comments of other candidates, Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, said that where is the development of those who have become MLAs who are leading and intelligent, “But I dare to do it. Under my leadership, which others call a fool, which has caused this Umroi Constituency to change its appearance and especially in terms of roads”.
On the same day, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, donated T.20,000 to the Upper Primary School in Mawrong, for the repair of the school. .
This includes EGH: 07 (Others), EJH: 10 (Others), EKH: 260 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –07, Others–253), NGH: 01 (Others), RBD: 130 (Others), SGH : 03 (Others), SWGH: 04 (Others), SWKH: 02 (Others), WGH: 19 (Others), WJH: 18 (Others) and WKH: 11 (Others).
Teibor Lamare scored two goals in the 23rd and 43rd minutes.
The Kur has also decided to announce publicly that in clause A (4) of the bye-rules in the Constitution of the Kur, it is clearly stated; the Dorbar shall not recognize or convene any other Dorbar or Consultative Assembly not appointed by it, or recognized by the Constitution, or not authorized and authorized by this Dorbar and neither shall he accept any of their judgments.
6 wheelers carrying etching materials will cost 30 tyngka and radium reflector 100 tyngka, 10 wheelers carrying radium reflector, first aid box and fire stop will cost 300 tyngka.
It is not known whether he was killed or not in the blast.
He also praised the KSU and its work especially in its ability to overcome many issues affecting the Khasi people.
Speaking in the Legislative Assembly, NPP MLA from Mawkynrew, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that although the incident in Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills has been going on for almost two years, the guard gate of the Assam Government is still there. in that place to this day.
Nongpoh Leaders of four political parties including the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF, today met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, to inquire about the delay. and the Government's failure to build Entry and Exit Points in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong: The DHS(MI) of Meghalaya, Dr Aman War, today said that the state has a shortage of doctors in hospitals and there are those who have gone to study doctors from the state who have signed the bond. and are now in the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19 : Three MLAs of the National People's Party (NPP) have lost their tickets in the party in preparation for next year's MLA elections. state.
To protect the Wah Myntdu, jars and skhens have been used so that the jars and skhens can catch the blei, which will be taken back tomorrow to break the most of them to the place where they should be broken.
KHNAM, which won four MDCs, now has only two MDCs including James Ban Basaiawmoit whom the party doubts will remain in the party.
Therefore, with the passage of time, the residents and the management of the school felt that there should be a Secondary School in order to make it easier for their children to go to school and to pursue education according to the you age.
“VAT of T.17.01 lakh from the bill of the contractor for the work of T.181.40 lakh has been spent for the construction of the Byrnihat Market Complex,” said the CAG report. This matter was reported to the Council in 2012 and no response has been received yet.
On the part of the Sur ki NongMawlai, they have requested the residents including the elders and youth to come and take part in this meeting tomorrow.
It is to be recalled that the Muktapur Borghat road connects East Jaintia and West Jaintia Hills District through Lumpyngad Kharkhana Pasadwar villages. street.
The end is the mother of wisdom.
He concluded his speech by congratulating the volleyball players who have brought glory to the district and will continue to play better. Five players from South West Khasi Hills District have been selected to participate in the tournament by the Meghalaya State Volleyball Association (MSVA).
, Mawiong, Pankaj Kumar Rasgania, IPS as Special Superintendent of Police (CID), Vikash Varma, IPS as Superintendent of Police (SCRB), Naman Kumar, IPS as SDPO Raksamgre, Dewansh Pandey as SDPO Ishan Gupta, IPS, SDPO of Dadenggre and Ashish, IPS, SDPO of Sadar.
When he got out of the car, Siddaramaiah and others saw the gun.
“20 years ago, you should have asked again where the videos of Bah Ardent's speech are, because at that time, he was the party leader.
The court said that the road to NEIGRHIMS is a bad road and there are many schools and offices and this is for the benefit of the people.
“We will never allow the Majai to be forcibly occupied since
The MPCC has removed Thombor because they believe that Shiwat, MDC from Nartiang Umladang, has close ties with Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is still in power. He was recently removed from the post of Minister on charges of intending to join the Nationalist People's Party (NPP).
“Because of the government's negligence, it has allocated T.85 crore to strengthen the factory,” he said.
“The inability to implement these demands shows that they (the Government) do not have the will to look into and resolve the problems of the people and especially the problems of the teachers,” she said.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Spasterlin Nongrem, Secretary of Mawïamsyiem Village, Bah Piion Ramri, Sordar of Nongkdait Village, Bah Phangstar Nongsiej, Sordar of Mawphathien Village and others.
At that time, those who were in the area, were bombed by foreigners and in this incident, a KHADC policeman, Bah Teilang Thangkhiew, sustained serious injuries to his head. and the blood ran out upon the ground.
Abal said that on that morning, the police threw stones at the house where Sengbath was staying and sent him outside and shot in the air.
Maitchaphrang Mowtyrchiah has qualified for the final of the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
Rangbah Probin K. Raswai (UDP) received 8674 votes, Cornelius Nongbri (NPP) received 3000 votes, Rangsandor Syiem (HSPDP) received 3000 votes. Desmond B. Wanshnong received 238 votes and 136 votes.
Even the animals that cannot do their own will have their own value in this world.
Shillong: Two persons have died of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District today.
Shillong, July 15: Officials of the Uranium Corporation of India Limited (UCIL) including engineers and officers today met with the Chief Secretary of the State, KS Kropha. to meet with the Chief Minister of the State who is not in the State.
However, the village headman, Kong Isirin Mawnai, said that she does not agree with the CEM's reply and especially his call to elect only the villagers.
The price of coffee is $100 (₹7,381), the price of slasha is $70 (₹5,167), and the price of kait is $4 (₹3,336) and a bottle of shampoo, which costs $200 in Pyongyang, HK News reported.
The lack of staff and stinginess is also a sad thing as many lives have been lost due to the power outage.
What our great men like Tirot Singh and Kiang Nangbah did not do, they counted blood and were killed.
As the CEM responsible for these border villages, I will ensure that not even 10 inches of land should go to Assam and in this border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam, these land should not go to Assam. They are not affected because they are not from Meghalaya”.
We see that if it is not the government that decides on this, one day, the courts, whether it is the Supreme Court or the High Court, will decide.
Besides protesting, they informed the Pillangkata Police Outpost, who rushed to the scene.
“The people should understand that the Lokayukata is the working body of the people, not the working body of Prime Minister Conrad Sangma or the MDA government,” he said. support the VPP which has come forward to strengthen the work of the Lokayukta and should not allow the government to interfere in its work.
Amen ….
Ko, the Government of Meghalaya will not lie, will not thank the people of Meghalaya.
Jemino Mawthoh said that the teachers' problems are not only due to the Minister of Education, but also due to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. finance department.
The Minister of State and MLA of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Bah AL Hek, on 3rd June said that the perception of the BJP as an anti-Christian party is one of the reasons why the party did not win more than two seats in the recent elections in the state.
The Dalmia Bharat Foundation aims to improve the society and income generation in the rural areas and surrounding areas where its offices are located in North East India.
If this happens in our beloved Khasi Hills, it will affect the foundation of the Church; for the heart of the Church is the spirit of personal worship among its members.
“It is a political strategy that I have decided to contest from two constituencies, because there are many issues, and it depends on the demand and there is a demand,” he said.
As a precautionary measure, she urged the residents to get tested even before arriving.
The market falls under the jurisdiction of Wahiajer and covers an area of ​​4.91 acres.
Therefore, there is a serious problem in getting adequate electricity and the electricity has to be turned off for many hours in Shillong and other parts of the state.
The churches in Lawse are the Presbyterian, Catholic, Meghalaya-Assam Church, Khasi-Jaintia Church, All One in Christ Fellowship, Assembly Church of Jesus Christ India, Church of God, Bible Believers Church and Seventh Day Adventist.
Shillong, Nailar 4: Nine robbers have been arrested from Mawiong village and handed over to the police on Saturday.
The office of the Electoral Registration Officer, 7-Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency, 7-Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency, informs the public that Booth Level Officers will come to the Polling Stations to work for these posts from 01-11-2 until 30-11-2
The ceremony was attended by the former Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Dr. RC Laloo, WL Lyngdoh, Retired Additional Director DSEL and Jt. State Secretary Bharat Scouts & Guides, invitees and parents of the students.
Nongumlong SC will play Lumdiengjri SC at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium at 11 am. Lawmali Pyllun SC will play against Rynjah at 1 pm. Lapalang SC will play against Gorkha Association at 3 pm.
(iii) To ensure that the commitments are fair, reasonable and enforceable and to outline the ways in which funds can be raised for them.
These Rohingyas should be careful because instead of receiving humanitarian assistance, they are working hard.
Donborlang Nongkynrih scored the first goal for Mawlai SC in the 30th minute.
This mistake has been going on for 50 years.
Also present on the occasion were Dr. Philling Rynjah, President of SADKS and one of the prominent Khasi doctors, Bah SA Kurbah Adviser of SADKS; JK Basawamoit, JMawlong, Rangbah Shnong Umtrew and others.
They both wanted to unite the countries of the world with one government, one army and one ruler.
Four days after the internet was cut off in Garo Hills, it has been reopened from this afternoon, the report said.
Ithamula shisha from the leaders of these organizations to the people who support them.
Two days before the start of the festival on the 25th of this month, a group of EMs of KHADC including CEM Pynshngain N Syiem, KHCF Chairman Titos Chyne, KHADC Finance EM Antonio War. EM, Irene Lyngdoh, Grace Kharpuri and other EMs were present today to inspect the preparations for the Monolith Festival.
SHANGPUNG: “Nurses play an important role in ensuring the complete recovery of the patient,” said Comingone Ymbon, Minister of Fisheries and others.
Nongshlong said that in the last election, the NPP won 18 candidates from Garo Hills.
And for fear of him the keepers did shake, and became as dead men.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Comingson Dkhar, Chairman of LNPRAC. and the need to preserve it.
Dr Mukul also said that the NPP will not win more than two seats which means it will not win more than 10 seats in the upcoming elections.
The group would like to thank Susie R Nongrum, Shimborlang Kharbuli, Mebanrilang W. Laitthma, Pynskhem Lawriniang, Miriam Ryndem, Wanstar Thabah and all those who took part in the production of this music video. win.
After the meeting, Tyngshain Makri, President HYC, Bhoirymbong, said that the reason why the party met with the CEM was after the HYC. There has been a lot of foreigners who have come to work in Bhoirymbong.
The purpose of the competition is to preserve and protect against the influence of other beliefs but to remain steadfast in one's traditional religion.
Therefore, we must do righteousness in our Longbriew path, a clear payment to God from our earthly life.
Rupang also spoke to Bah LG Nongsiej MDC Nongstoiñ, a follower of Maieit Hoping during his lifetime.
Let us send legislators who think for the good of the state and also for the Khasi people.
Although there is no detailed definition in the Constitution, Schedule Tribes must have the following characteristics: (i) ii) it is a separate culture (iii) a place of residence that is remote and does not interfere with others (iv) avoidance of contact with other ethnic groups and (v) backwardness.
Regarding the protest, he said that it will not affect much in Lum Jaintia but they will join hands as a sign of support for one or two days.
Besides these medal winners, we are proud to announce that one of the youths of the area, Shaiborlang Lyngdoh Mawphlang, has been recognized as an International Referee, to take part in the judging of the games. said Bah Sam Lyngdoh.
The 11 persons are undergoing treatment and are recovering.
Police have also registered more than 700 offenses against the suspects and all those who have been arrested have been following up and checking at other entertainment venues. different ones across the country.
He said that the SDPO has made it clear that the arrest of these two members of the party is only on suspicion and there is no evidence to prove their involvement.
And the protests must last to the end and must reach the goal.
At that time, the Williamnagar MLA stood up and said, “Why are you afraid?
These are the temporary relief measures to support the poor, including migrant workers, farmers, small businesses and street shopkeepers who announced today:-4
“The loss of revenue faced by MeECL is due to the tax imposed on the people,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Congress MLA from Mylliem, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, denied that there is a protest within the party to overthrow Mukul Sangma as Prime Minister.
A youth has dropped the keys of a car at Ladthadlaboh, Jowai on 25.04.2022, in the evening.
He said that according to information he has received, there are 12 Nigerians imprisoned in the state and out of these in Shillong jail, there are 6 Nigerians imprisoned. All of them are men and 6 persons have been detained in Jowai jail including 2 women and 4 men. don't be in prison in this state.
“Who can tell us that if we give ticket to someone we will win, no one can tell us,” he said.
O/C Sadar PS : 0364-2224818 / 2224400 / I/C Police Contrll Room, Shillong 0364 -2222214 / 2222215.
Hindro Samakha, Chairman of Raidmynsaw, said that the suspension of the leaders of the Regional Committees from visiting the border villages has caused a lot of concern to the people because in the past months, the The MDA II government has announced in the media that in June, it will send the leaders of the Regional Committee, headed by Bah Paul Lyngdoh MLA as Chairman along with the members appointed by the government, They have asked them to go to the border villages to meet with the people, to listen to their voices and to submit a report to the government, but so far no one has come forward.
According to the village leaders of the Khasi villages, this land encroachment has happened since the newly created Jirabam District by the Government of Manipur in
Speaking on these four works which are the cause of the incident, Prima said it is surprising that a work order was issued for these works on 10th March 2013, but In just two months, on the 10th November, 2013, the work has been completed halfway. He said that it has never been heard that half of the work can be completed in two months at a cost of T. 32 lakh rupees.
What are those rules? The moon, the sun, and the stars.
Remember that righteousness will be lost if you do it wrong.
We are the generation that sees these things of the end of those days.
The government has issued this order after the Supreme Court of the country has issued an order that all shops in the country within a distance of 500 meters must be closed and anyone who violates will be punished. by the law.
Many of the security measures taken by the Police Department have been able to better control the smugglers who are accustomed to roaming around the city every night.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26 : The Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat National Senior Championship sponsored by the Central Government and the Roll Ball Federation of India from 27th to 30th May 2022 in Pune, Maharashtra.
Metbah said that the post of Director (Distribution) has been suspended since June 2021, but now MK Chetri has been appointed to the post. of the 5 others in front of him.
Shillong: There are 21 Coke factories in West Khasi Hills, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today said that there are 21 Coke factories in West Khasi Hills.
Pynrope said the Establishment Department of the office has ordered them to speak to them, and he said the members have spoken to them only verbally.
It is true that the lack of jobs and despite the strength of women get stingy jobs, they have a good time to tell stories and most of the time they see only the goodness of their husbands but their own husbands. don't just shit.
“If it hadn't been for the Commission, this wouldn't have been publicized,” she said.
Kynshi Stage-I was completed in 2007 while Upper Khri Stage-I & II were completed in 2012-2
He denied the allegation that the BJP is anti-Christian, saying “in Nagland, Manipur and Assam there are BJP MLAs who are Christians”.
Ah! When will all people respect and obey the laws made by men and God?
Improve the health of the blood pressure and heart.
The competition was organized by the Meghalaya Body Builders' Association (MBBA) on 30th November at Aurobindo Institute, Shillong.
Mawkhar, who played their first game in the OC Blue SPL, struggled to score two goals but failed to score.
In the first leg of the tournament, Mawkriah West SC beat Laitkroh Sports Club 1-0 with a goal scored by Damutskhem Nongbri. 24th minute.
Emerson Pala scored 46' and scored an own goal in the 70'
However, due to the deterioration of the road, it has become a huge loss to the residents and traders where vehicles are no longer allowed to pass through this road.
We have sent an inquiry into this, let the report come first and we will find out how it happened and it should not happen, and we should think that this is necessary and we will not allow anyone to make such a mistake because it is not good and it is very dangerous," she said.
Even the tourists of our state have started to speak out when they see this widespread deforestation of our hills and rivers and many of those places used to have forests.
To provide a vehicle for transportation in collaboration with the drivers for the purpose of transporting and transporting the women and relatives who accompany them to the Hospital.
Earlier, it was reported that the building codes do not exist in the state but these are still only in urban areas but in relation to rural areas especially near law kyntang, wah, pung, ei. These natural environments are not included in this Act.
In Group D, Tura, Wasa FC beat Warima Youth Club 3-1 while in Group C, Mawkyrwat, Riangdo YSCA beat Mawten 1-0 Phinilboy Rashik in the 70th minute.
Jesus also fights for us and the Christmas message we have to give to the world is that Jesus came not only to save, but to rebuild and give abundant life.
“However, the Government and the relevant department will take immediate action to find other partners or perhaps with the same partners but in a new arrangement because as I said, the reason is that These projects as they are now, do not meet the price set,” he said.
“These ELCs will be set up in Higher Secondary Schools and Colleges.
Through their talents and contributions they have tried hard to give the villagers a meaningful life.
However, in 2020, the BJP took power from the Congress with the departure of one of the Congress Youth Leaders, Jyotiraditya Scindia who also led with many MLAs until the election. the Congress government.
According to section 21, to establish a State Commission in the State, the chairman shall be a retired Chief Justice of the High Court and the members shall be two persons who have held the post of Chief Justice of the High Court. One Judge of the High Court and one District Judge in the State and two other members of the Commission may be appointed by any person who has experience in the field of human rights law. The Penal Committee shall elect or appoint the Chairman and the members of the Commission shall be the Chief Minister as Chairman, the State Home Minister, the Speaker of the Assembly and the Leader of Opposition of the Assembly as members.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that they will have to move forward to implement the National Education Policy (NEP) in the state on the grounds that this will benefit the students.
Disability should not be a cause of marginalization in economic development but should be worked together by including them in society and fully implementing their rights, which are the means of restoring the hope of their lives.
After investigation by the IO, a charge sheet was filed against the accused under sections U/S 376/511 IPC. The court found him involved in the crime and charged him under section 376 (2)(f) IPC, and later sentenced him on the 8th to 10 years imprisonment. .
Why didn't you change the name Nongstoin diocese? What do you mean? Francis has given me an ultimatum to explain clearly who I am and what I am doing.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Khliehriat Circle has renewed its office bearers for the term 2021-2023 and at the same time has introduced 20 new members to the KSU. Stremly N Suchen has been elected as the President of KSU Khliehriat Circle.
The Rangbah Shnong of Maitdein, Darphi Sariang, said that in the past 3-4 days, Borato village has warned of an attack on Maitdein village and lodged a complaint with the police on the 25th. and within two days, on the 27th, more than 25 vehicles including trucks and small vehicles along with a group of more than 300 people armed with knives and guns have arrived. came to attack the city of Maitdein.
“May God bless them to be able to contribute to the poor, who have never received that assistance for the first time through your shlem”.
The Minister said that the Pradhan Mantri Virasat Ka Samvardhan (PM VIKAS) scheme, which has been implemented since today, will be a step forward for income generation, improvement of education for the poor. They also have the opportunity to learn.
The Outlook Traveler Awards were awarded after the village was reviewed as one of the most popular tourist destinations and as the village has become well known in the tourism industry.
The MLAs/MDCs themselves have been angry because they meet with each other from time to time, for that reason they want a new opinion from those who are not leaders.
The money is still there, but the people have not benefited.
Scientific studies have shown that dewbilat factories are the main contributors to the loss of forests in a short period of time, and the increase in the number of these factories in the region will The forest areas of Narpuh area will be destroyed within the next 5 and 10 years.
In order to solve the problems of the people of the area, the Seng has demanded the construction of a good road from Moolasngi to Daistong which is a remote area within the Nongkhlieh Elaka which has faced many problems due to the lack of have adequate roads, drinking water supply, health facilities and others.
The shopkeepers who earn their living from this market are in despair and are facing difficulties as they have to find ways and means to meet their daily needs.
Moreover, the encounter, which even interrupted the completion of the remaining body of the father of the household, became even more exciting.
The incident happened while Pynbhashisha, 11, and Lidia Ryntathiang, 9, were returning home from school.
The Mexican Civil Defense Ministry confirmed that there were no casualties or injuries from the quake but ordered coastal authorities to evacuate ships and areas. neighbors to think about the dangers that surround them from the forces of nature.
In such a drama, no independent MLAs who support the government or MLAs from the Congress party have been seen to support the demand of the opposition to accept the adjournment motion to discuss the ILP. Ronie V Lyngdoh, MLA from Mylliem Constituency, who expressed his opposition.
In Jewish culture Gomer's behavior was not beautiful and it was not for a woman to walk or stand alone without the accompaniment of an elder or a husband.
The proverb of Aesop has taught us all that, 'There are many people, there are many things.
Torahs Ch Marak lodged a complaint that on July 12 at about 7:30 pm, robbers stole his mobile phone at Dorambokgre, South West Garo Hills.
Preparations are underway to broadcast the program in Ayodhya on big screens in public places in India and abroad.
In addition to 01.01.2023 as the deadline for registration of new names in the Electoral Roll, according to the Registration of Electors (Second Amendment) Rules, 2023 on 01.04.2023, 01.07.2023 and 01.10.2023 can advance their applications and such applications will be processed on the relevant dates. their.
Rakkam said that through this donation, the employees of the Mid Day Meal scheme will receive the remaining salary from June to June 2023 and at the same time the state government will pay the salary of all until April 2023.
The incident occurred at two shops in front of the Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank and five shops near the Nongpoh Town Shopping Complex.
“And so the tribulation was until the half-century of Israel, until the fullness of the Gentiles (the kingdom of the world) had come in. Then all Israel would be saved, as it is written: The Deliverer he shall come forth out of Zion, and shall turn the righteousness of Jacob.
The Assam health authorities are searching for 111 people who have been in contact with a carrier of Covid-19 in different parts of Assam.
It is on this basis that those who intend to stand or leave the Seng have hesitated.
The employees of JHADC, after being ordered to come to work, today gathered to discuss the problems they are facing.
Replying to a motion by Bah Bindo M Lanong in the Dorbar Tlang of KHADC on the measures to be taken by the Council to ensure that the Khasi Villages and lands of the Khasi Hima should not be lost. On the other hand, Bah Jambor promised that as a member of the Regional Committee appointed by the government, he will try his best to bring to the committee to express the wishes of the council. It has been established that it belongs to the Hima Khasi and should not belong to Meghalaya.
The song has reached about 10 million viewers.
He promised that the new blocks will be used for development or various projects for the benefit of the people.
They said that the government department through the Directorate of Health Services should do something to innovate in upgrading the Sub-Centres to PHCs or Health Wellness Centres.
Recently, the government has issued a notice that all married couples must register themselves at the DC's office and this is in accordance with the Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act.
To get the cooperation of the Dorbar Shnongs, the union said that it will also talk to the Dorbar Shnongs and select the villages to set up a Community Gym as part of the measures to divert the youth from drugs.
Twenty-nine vehicles were purchased and used only by the Assistant Inspector General (Administration) of Meghalaya.
Let's look at the Word of God:I Timothy 6:6-8 “But godliness with contentment is great gain.
He said that many schools in the state do not have electricity and drinking water along with other necessities of the children that should be provided in schools.
He said that at first glance, he may be a skydiver but he doesn't know exactly because they are not scientists.
In fact, those who have taken over the lyngkor should already have the knowledge and understanding and how to act according to the positions for which they have been elected.
Later, however, the resident realized that he had been deceived.
NESO Chairman Samuel B Jyrwa and General Secretary M Thobu expressed their condolences to the people of Manipur.
The incident happened on the first and second day of the month in parts of West Khasi Hills District while in Mawnai area on Friday. Severe cold weather has hit parts of Mawnai village in West Khasi Hills District, which has also damaged crops such as biscuits, jhur, especially rice which has been harvested. he shall be destroyed in the sight of the evil one.
She urged the Dorbar Shnong Umran-Dairy and other neighboring Dorbar Shnongs not to allow this while there is still time to close, as the presence of troops among the people will affect the peace and order. The village, the community and the Ri-Bhoi region as a whole.
The arrival of the troops to inspect the land has shocked Mawmaram and after inquiry they learned that the troops came to inspect before buying and paying money to the owner of the land.
He also praised the Prime Minister for announcing the Har Ghar Jal program which will transform Meghalaya through the mission to provide drinking water to all households.
ADIPR: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has imposed micro containment in Lumrymmu village, Mynso following the confirmation of COVID-19 cases in the village.
“I tell the people, why do you come to me for small things?
Through this goal, the team has been able to encourage the team to play hard.
However, we are surprised to see that the Meghalaya State Sports Policy issued on 10th July 2019 has not been implemented yet.
Arkimeai Kharkongor (13), Debormy Kharkongor (32) and North Garo Kasai Gamrik (39) scored the other goal.
Speaking to reporters at his office in Nongpoh, the District Election Officer of Ri Bhoi District and Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhayay said that since the Election Commission of India (ECI) India has announced the date of polling and the Model Code of Conduct has come into force in which we have to follow the rules so that the election will be held smoothly and the voters will get their rights. to choose those leaders.
The purpose of this maintenance is to provide convenience to the people passing through the highway while the construction of the fourlane road has not been completed.
These tenders are intended to collect data on all beneficiaries of the PDS scheme. This data will be monitored by the staff of this department from the top to the civil sub divisions,” he said. the head of government.
The Bible Convention and the healing of the sick was opened by Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh DD, Bishop of Jowai Diocese. Participants from various Parishes of the State of Jowai.
He said that the Council receives only 25 percent of the coal and 75 percent is received by the state government.
“We all know that the state is on the border of Bangladesh and Assam, there is a right for foreigners to enter the state and they can get anything. the opportunity to register themselves and become full citizens of India".
We would like to express our strong opposition to the proposal to build a Medical College at Barapathar, for the following reasons:-i.
The meeting was attended by officials from IDBI Bank, NRLM, KVIC, RESTI, Public and Private Banks and about 300 people from the Government of Meghalaya. Shangpung area who came to take part.
Shillong: On 27th July 2019, robbers broke into the Pynthorbah Presbyterian Church and stole two rnong flower pots, 50 plastic plates, thermo flask and other items from the church, according to the complaint.
In this regard, the Court hopes that the government will resolve the matter as soon as possible and has fixed the date for the hearing in two months, on the 18th of this month.
The family members of Bah Marbaniang have lodged a complaint in the High Court after the Special Investigating Team (SIT) appointed by the government to investigate the incident failed to submit its report. ended on July 18th.
The two-day festival was organized by the Hima Jirang in collaboration with the Block Task Force on BBBP Jirang C&RD Block. Tourism activities in the area and also to preserve the customs and traditions within the Hima.
“We don't have any objection to any party to nominate a candidate but the decision will be taken by the RDA whether the candidate is from the UDP or the HSPDP,” he said.
Most of the residents have to walk along with vehicles on the road because the roads and footpaths have been covered with khar die madan.
Regarding the preparations for the Isolation Centres, Ma Pyrkhat Shylla said that 20 beds have been allocated for each Isolation Center and the beds have been arranged with school benches and mattresses received from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. district.
Not only that, the residents of Samasi, Larket, Pala, Kseh, Khahnar and Muknor have to live in poverty due to the poor road conditions to pass through these villages in East Jaintia Hills.
The KSU has decided to take over the responsibility to immediately close down such shops which destroy the income of the locals after the council has acted unfairly to close down the shops run by foreigners.
Regarding the impact of the Forest Department, the EJNC has nothing to challenge on this issue as the EJNC feels that it has no intention of challenging the impact on the development of the EJNC. It cannot do anything about the pollution of the environment by the dewbilat factories without any development for the indigenous people.
There were also those who said that this action of the VPP will cause trouble from the judiciary and will lead to the loss of the indigenous people.
Shillong, July 18: The body of BSF soldier Satish Kumar Singh of Maudha, Ghaziabad, who died in an earthquake at Lalghat BoP, has been taken to Bagli BoP, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today. The Chief Minister said that due to the cut off roads from Bagli to Shillong, the body of the BSF soldier cannot be brought to Shillong.
R. Lamare, General Secretary HYC (JHDU) Chancellor Talang JSM (Western Region), Firstborn Sari President VDP Phramer, AR Marak Sub. Inspector Phramer Traffic Cell, Kong I. Nongrum of Women (Infiltration) PS Jowai, along with members of the two organizations from different circles and units.
He said that he has a great desire to provide the best service to the people of Umsning Constituency and hopes to get a ticket from the UDP party as he wants and desires.
In the personal opinion of this film, the old films should remain as they are and should not be changed or renewed just for the sake of making money.
Povlsen owns 220,000 acres of land in his name and plans to improve the forest and hand over the large area to his children to take over. which shall be after his death.
The question is, what else will the government do to these 400 people who have violated the quarantine as directed? Would it be enough to encourage them not to break the laws? That they shall not come forth again.
The union also urges the government to take action and if it does not, the government will have to take responsibility for the movement of the people.
On the 28th of this month, Madanrting Police have arrested Smti Sapthangi Chhak from Thembasuk, Madanrting and seized a plastic box, three boxes of gold and heroin weighing 16.50 grams. and a sum of T.16,4
“I hope that within six months we have received the preparations from the KHADC. He said that the preservation of the identity of these ethnic groups in the North East is his dream.
In a statement sent by Dr. Batskhem Myrboh, Spokesperson of the Seng, the District authorities said that the District authorities have allowed the Topcem officials to harass and tie the people and the police have bombarded the people. The MDA government is not the government of the people, but the government of the rich.
New Delhi: A bomb blast has occurred in Delhi at 5.30 pm this evening.
However, on the other hand, the Minister of PWD, Bah Dhar, was not pleased with the work as it was very slow.
Shillong, July 25: The CSWO has slammed the bail of a policeman who raped a woman and expressed its deep sorrow that former SI Nurul Islam has been granted bail and the charges of rape have been dropped. on 24th July 2015 at the District Sessions Court in Shillong.
Noting that the Clan Bill has more provisions than the Lineage Amendment Bill, Chyne said that this is because only the purpose of the Clan Bill has been included in the Lineage Amendment Bill. don't be faithful to the bniat.
Shillong: Police have arrested Bamanbha Marsharing at 5 pm this morning when they found some youths burning tires on the road near Malki Point, Shillong.
Superintendent of Police (City) Vivek Syiem said that during the raid, police seized 26.61 grams of heroin, 31,380 thousand rupees, 4 mobile phones, 4 mobile phones, Three boxes of soap, five golden tins of tobacco, four blood vessels and one injection syringe, one scooty TVS, one red i-1
“We don't need to be fighters for change in a terrorist way, and this is how Norok and Jagring are not worthy to be members of ANVC-B and they fled and were killed, stolen, kidnapped and turned into that thief.
In the Junior Girls' Kyorugi category under 46 kg, Ibapyhnun Kharmyndai of East Khasi Hills defeated Joynilla Ch Sangma of South West Garo Hills while Nokgrikchi G Momin and Jheanchim B Marak won the second prize. gold copper.
According to her, the opinions of the district councils are very important on this policy.
Praising the decision of the MDA Government to resolve the issue, Saleng said, “It has been a matter of decades and no one has taken any steps to resolve it. claim.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Raghavendra Kumar, said that after extinguishing the fire, forensic experts have been sent to examine the remains of two children.
While we were sleeping in Lukha, in the evening, a truck suddenly came down to the other side of the river, playing Christmas songs.
Regarding the third Temple in Jerusalem, let us know that God did not command it to be rebuilt.
The national squad for the tournament includes: Arjun Deshwal, Pawan Sehrawat, Naveen Kumar, Sachin, Aslam Inamdar, Mohit Goyat, Sunil Kumar, Parvesh Bhainswal, Nitin Rawal, Nitesh Kumar and Surjeet. Singh & Vishal BhardwajStandby players:Vijay Malik & Shubham Shinde.
On the same day, the KSU sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member of JHADC requesting him not to issue the NOC for the construction of the railway line in Jaintia Hills.
On the presence of a BJP MDC in the EC of Bah PN Syiem, he said, “It is part of the synrop rule, where there are parties, which are not allowed to participate in the EC. He said the UDP has been involved in the synrop rule in KHADC since the EC of Bah Ardent, after the EC of Ardent. Bah Adelbert and now, during the time of Bah PN Syiem because the UDP wants a strong EC in KHADC. “If they want to ban it, we will oppose it, because it is against the customs and traditions,” he said.
When we look at Shillong, the inhabitants, the way of life and the various celebrations have become the customs of the foreigners which is a shock and excitement to the Longmynta and which is also a surprise. and the judgment of the elderly.
The Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act 2005 has been passed by the KHADC to protect the rights of the people of Suhpein, Beinbsah. Kiaw Masi Khlaw, we have lost many lands and places and our children no longer speak their own language, they speak foreign languages, Hindi, Bengali, Assamese, Arabic, Punjabi, Behari, Nepali, Bangladeshi, and They were known as the Khiahshipun and the Khaitpohjar, because they came from the Khasaitpohji.
In Borjhar, too, it was reported that the meeting of Queen Ojha was not peaceful.
Shillong, July 25: The Tourism Department of the State Government has denied the allegation that it has used nothing at a place called Peak Lodge in Lum Shyllong.
It was not until the newspapers published reports that the price of jhur u jhep and other food items has become too high that some organizations started to protest.
Shillong: At 9:27 pm on Tuesday, one of the office bearers of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle found a screenshot comment on Facebook.com through a post in the group “KA LYMPUNG KI KHUN KA RI" Damu Aryal Upadhya has strongly criticized the Khasi people for the spread of the Corona Virus. Ksew and Jacob.
Nongstoiñ, July 21: Hundreds of supporters from the Congress, HSPDP and other political parties in Shilliang Wahblei constituency have joined the National People's Party (NPP) on the 18th of this month. , where the MLA of the area, Bah Gigur Myrthong, in the presence of the leaders of the NPP Mawshynrut, welcomed the new supporters of the party.
Despite these, the High Court said that the government has done its best to ensure that the situation is stable.
Shillong, Naitung 12 : The Horticulture Department of the State Government has taken steps to promote and strengthen the cultivation of Khasi Mandarin Orange as part of improving the income of farmers in East Khasi Hills. South West Khasi Hills, South Garo Hills and other districts of Meghalaya.
After you are sure the light is off you can remove the electrically trapped.
Speaking on the occasion, Nongpoh MLA, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, praised the Alpha School and especially the production of intelligent students has brought the name and glory of the school. The District as a whole.
After the welcome ceremony, speeches were delivered by Bah Ombarly Wanniang, Bah Jethrowell Syiem, Bah Ristonding Marweiñ and finally Bah KP Pangniang President of the party.
Here too, the Chairman voted again for the UDF, although Article 100 of the Constitution of India (COI) stipulates that the Chairman or Speaker of the House shall not support without consent.
In the men's division, Ri-Bhoi beat East Khasi Hills 63-34 in the men's division while West Khasi Hills beat West Khasi Hills 54-0 -12 against East Jaintia Hills.
Nongpoh, November 04: Chicken smugglers together with CoRP and HITO Ri-Bhoi District today lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District regarding the collection of 30,000 chicken vehicles. One vehicle to enter Meghalaya and the district authorities should take action on this issue.
In fact, this dam was built by the government for the farmers to store perishable crops such as rice, jhur and others.
“We are pleased that we have conducted the inspection on Friday 19th July,” said the EM in charge of Trade.
It is ready to welcome and allow those who wish to start their journey in this field by working with the party.
“Education is not enough to get government jobs.
Police have taken the two youths to Sadar Police Station, Shillong this morning and have taken them to the District Court for trial.
Although the team did not win a single gold medal from the tournament, it has announced that it has completed its journey with 7 medals, 6 silver and 1 bronze.
Bah SS Syiemlieh in his speech urged the women not to be jealous of each other but to have unity in their working methods so that they can improve their income for themselves, the community and the society.
We understand that his relationship with the people in the constituency is long and his untimely death is a great loss”.
Now we hope that he (Vice Chancellor) will implement what has been approved by the Academic Council.
The second issue is how many square kilometers will be allocated to Assam.
In the Senior Women's T20 Trophy, Meghalaya will face Saurashtra today.
The Forest Department is only responsible for the cleaning of the park and the flowers, while the Tourism Development Corporation is responsible for the cleaning and food shops.
Therefore, they often find ways to deceive them.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle today led by President Laitphar Syngkrem, General Secretary Lurman B Talang, Organizing Secretary Leningrad Tariang and Finance Secretary Kindly Khyriem today met with the Deputy Commissioner, War Jaintia Circle. Garod LSN Dykes has protested against the government's plan to release or allow a company called York Print Pvt.
The JSM sends its condolences to the family and children of Ma Teilang Dkhar and hopes that the Creator will console his family at this time of grief.
The Commission has inspected three Rehabilitation Centres, two in UP and one in Uttarakhand run by self-help groups.
“This is why we have decided to do it ourselves,” he added.
Jowai, June 19: Ladrymbai Police have recovered two bodies each from Rymbai Road and another from the Khar Nepali workplace in Umshnong this morning.
Those groups of College Teachers who have taken a strong determination to fight against such arbitrary decisions should also be praised and advertised forever.
The Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) has been working hard on many cases but nothing has changed, she said.
The lack of wealth:- In my opinion, if we give to the man the trade, the inheritance of our Khasi will also increase from one inheritance to another.
The Seng warns that if anyone is found causing trouble, using rude language that affects the community, it will arrest and hand over to the Village Leaders to investigate and take necessary action; This is according to a statement from the Publicity Secretary of the Sohryngkham Pyllun Youth Association together with all the members of the EC of the Sohryngkham Pyllun Youth Association.
W.Mountain.
Nongstoiñ: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), HANM, WKSU and WYF today met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah T. Lyngwa. to resume the electricity distribution in Umwali village in Langpih area after the work was stopped by the Assam Police on 14th June 2019 which has led to clashes and injuries.
Mairang, July 17: The office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, today announced to all households in the district that the ration shops have been distributed through the ration shops. Food Security Act, 2013 for the month of July
You should respect your parents and you should repay them for what they have done and at the same time if you do well you will not be disappointed in the future and it will be a pride for your family. the whole nation,” he said.
However, the CEM of KHADC learned of the meeting and became angry and on the same day he phoned HDR Lyngdoh and Pynshngaiñ. He said that HDR should not interfere in the matter of the District Council.
India has won bronze medals in the men's and women's compound shooting events at the Archery World Cup in Medellin. in the group stage as the opening ceremony of the country's teams in the current tournament.
On Tuesday morning, the hospital handed over the body of the child,” he said.
When asked by the High Court on the status of these weigh-pads, the state said that no equipment has been sent.
In the past two months, Conrad has met three times with the Indian Coal Minister and it is understood that the talks have come to an understanding for the release of coal. coal mining in the State.
On the other hand, the MPs of the ruling party said that Moitra has not cooperated with the committee by rejecting many of the questions put before her.
The theme of this celebration is freedom, equality, and giving people’s rights.
They said that due to the lack of electricity from Meghalaya, even when they need to charge their mobiles, they have to go to the border of Assam, because in Assam the electricity is not available.
ENE Falcons and Langsning Greenergy Lions became the winners of their group.
The use of money during the elections will be one of the issues that will be looked into.
I don't know what classes I take to apply for homeguard.
The residents of these villages in pick-ups and Sumos marched to Deiñchynrum to march to the DC Office with slogans demanding the construction of the road. The MDA government on the neglect of the children in the area which has affected not only the economic development but also the income and health.
Welcoming these supporters, Bah Lapang, who is also the president of the MPCC, expressed his satisfaction with the willingness of these supporters to join the party. He added that the arrival of these supporters has strengthened and strengthened the party in the preparation for the upcoming MLA elections.
District authorities have deployed security personnel at all places of worship to ensure that there will be no incident. In Shillong, magistrates, police personnel were present at the place of worship. and members of the Central Puja Committee to ensure the smooth running of the service.
“Political affairs in Maharashtra have deteriorated,” the poster put up by MNS leader Laxman Patil said. in the Shiv Sena and now in the Nationalist Congress Party.
Various departments including Soil & Conservation, Forest, PWD, PHE, Fisheries and others have joined hands to improve the village in West Khasi Hills. The government's plan to make this place one of the most attractive tourist destinations in the state.
Jowai, West Jaintia Hills District will be another venue for the Meghalaya Games in 2025, which means that the oldest city in the state will be ready to host the Meghalaya Games. Games will be held in Jowai.
The employees support the demand of the civil society to send an inquiry into the case of GVK, as there are 43 vehicles while the report to the government when it sends the reports is Their strike is for the benefit of the people and at the same time as the workers they will have to get their own wages for their work and not to be paid while they are working. They are happy, as it is said that they do not fall under the Labor Law, or the Minimum Wages.
Look forward.
It is believed that the double laning and the new laning will not end at Mawhati but will continue until it reaches the junction with Jagi Road.
A total of 2896 candidates sat for the examination and 2337 candidates passed, with a pass percentage of 80.70 percent.
However, as he was in a hurry to attend the meeting, he told me that he was not happy with the outcome of the election because the BJP had tried to win more,” said Dr Mukul.
Speaking to Rupang, the pylleng traders said that these days, they cannot buy pylleng from Guwahati and the traders from Assam have stopped selling pylleng or sell very little to the buyers from Guwahati. Shillong and it is for this reason, which has prompted the traders, to sell at T.7 per pylleng and which may be higher in the coming days.
The KSU NKHD Unit through this statement expresses its strong will to continue to oppose the attempts of the brokers, brokers, himas and so on to expedite the sale of documents. “The chiefs, the district council should stop the sale of land to the BSF. Don't try to issue NOC because the people know that you are the stieh of the jaidbynriew to protect the land. “If you make a mistake and auction the land, the people of the state will get a response through your work and the KSU will give a strong response,” said Samla James H Mawphniang, General Secretary, KSU, North Khasi Hills District Unit.
The funeral service will be held on 30/7/2022 at 12 noon at the Presbyterian Church, Nartiang.
“There is a complaint from the farmers and traders that I went to Iewduh to have a meeting and after discussing it was found that there is a shortage on both sides and we have arranged with another voice. The District Council will keep a record of this decision,” he said.
Protests, flag raising, strike by MeECL engineers and employees and demand for the removal of the Minister in charge of the Electricity Department as well as the CMD, MeECL continue.
The Working President said that due to the absence of the Commission, there is no sufficient opportunity for the people to send complaints against the violence against the police. I don't have these problems with the police.
She said that it is the duty of the Commission to write to the department to ask and if they don't have guidelines, the Commission will provide or assist them on how to provide tupia. , or breakfast and so on.
The General Secretary, Lok Sabha, Utpal K Singh, said that 725 or 92.4% of the 780 MPs cast their ballots and 15 votes. , which thep wrong.
On this occasion, officers from the Ministry of Agriculture gave training on how to use the pesticide on plants so that it does not cause damage.
Ardent, who is also the former CEM of KHADC and former President of the HSPDP, resigned from the post of President after the HSPDP won only two MLAs. The party has gone to form a government with the BJP which he opposes.
" La said by Rida When he reached the shop, Rida's father said, “Why are you slow?
Speaking to media, Conrad said, “We will not reject the petition because we have followed the right path and we will follow the law.
Boston R. Marak, Former CEM, GHADC2.
According to the testimony of these victims, it was seen that it was because they had lived a life of addiction to alcohol, drugs and alcohol which had caused them to lose their love and strength. mental strength to be able to live together with their families.
The CoMSO would like to thank the Directorate of Infiltration for their cooperation and hope that it will continue in the coming days.
In the first home match last month, Shillong Lajong beat United SC Kolkata 2-1
“There is no one who created the world and no one who controls our lives and this has made me convinced that there is no heaven or another life after death and I believe that the thought of life after death is only our own imagination.
The farmers, after the Rangbah Shnongs have submitted their reports to the government departments, are now waiting for assistance from them through the Relief Fund.
The Nongpoh MLA urged the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to take action and implement the PHC, so that it will be of great benefit to the people living in the area. the areas bordering Assam through Sunapur.
Although Mawshbuit tried to turn the tide, they couldn't score until the end of the game and suffered their first defeat in the tournament.
Regarding these protests, he said that the market is not going well as usual because many people are afraid that there will be any incident inside the market.
The request of Meghalaya Cement Ltd was accepted and NOC was issued to all three villages after the company agreed to sign the Agreement for the benefit of the people of the three villages.
Earlier, the Soviet Union lost 15,000 troops during its invasion of Afghanistan in 1979, which lasted for 10 years.
From anyone can do. To do the work of the Lord is a spiritual work and cannot be done with the works of the flesh.
The foreigner who was accused of kidnapping the girl was identified as Faruk Uddin of Kalain, Cachar district.
In the midst of the end, people will become thieves and robbers.
Without water and food, there is no place for mankind on this earth.
The maintenance of the road will have to be done taking into account the weather conditions and rainfall that the road will have to withstand.
And Micah said unto them, And thou Bethlehem, in the land of Judah, art not the least among the kings of Judah;
Malki SC beat Mylliem SC 3-1 to win the tournament.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday demanded that the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) should immediately call for talks on the issue. leaders of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) before the fire broke out.
Thus they say, 'It is better to climb a man than to climb a religion'
“We have met with the Heads of Government today and we have put forward these proposals which the Government will consider next month to take a decision,” said Gurjit Singh.
Ma Kyrmen Shylla, will hold the post of Social Welfare, Revenue & Disaster Management.
Speaking to media, Sangma said, “We have reformed the working methods of the MPSC and the recruitment process by setting up more boards to help speed up the recruitment process. .
He said that economic development should not only be brought to the region but there should be the development of the people and for this purpose it is only through the production of goods from factories and agriculture.
Shillong, Naitung, 02: Although the number of COVID-19 cases in Meghalaya has increased day by day, the State Government has been vigilant to ensure that there will be no impact as has happened in the past two years. they have not left.
Commenting on this, Congress leader Kapil Sibal said, “The Indian government does not have the money and the revenue has dropped to less than 5 percent and the money is running out of millions of rupees. pay the MNREGA wages and now they want to sell the valuable goods of the country”.
The FKJGP has also warned that the party will take strong action against those selfish people who try to take advantage in the name of the nation and has warned against foreigners who try to take advantage. Khasi women to be treated as living Dulir Khaii, said the statement.
The age of participation is 18 years old for males and females.
The match will be played between Chutwakhu SC and Sailung Ialong SC at 2 pm tomorrow.
Don't encourage or encourage others to think of peace except with those who live with you.
He said that after receiving the report and the CWC meeting, it will be announced to proceed.
It was also seen that these two men were carrying pistols and shot themselves.
The market will close until the 30th of this month.
The demonstration on how to protect and rescue in case of an earthquake was held at the Khyndai Lad prepared by the Response System (IRS).
One of them has prepared to contest from the NPP and the other has confirmed to contest from the UDP. He left the Congress and joined the NPP but in the mid-term elections, although he contested with the Civil Sub Division, he was defeated by the UDP candidate. Congress MLAs who have joined the Trinamool Congress under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma.
Figo Syndai Silver, Wandajied Ryngkhlem Silver.
“Kmie, I have to go back to Sor tomorrow to go to the police station.
Wanniang and others were welcomed by the people from 7 villages in Lad Umroi together with Kong Irin Hujon, President of CSWO and members of the organization who expressed and encouraged Kong Christabell to be ready to surrender. to go to jail for the rights of the people of the nine villages.
The Minister said that if necessary, the flyover will be extended to Anjalee.
This incident happened in Sohra rim, on the road to Sohra.
Indeed, God performed His miracles through the rod of Moses.
General Secretary of the BJP Meghalaya Unit Bashai Khongwir said that the party will write to the BJP leadership to introduce ILP in Meghalaya and Manipur.
The winners of the men's race were Rockystar Lyngkhoi, Johnstar Sohphoh and Nangkyrshan Kharwanniang.
Two of them died at Gandhi Hospital, one at Apollo Hospital, one at Global Hospital, one at Nizamabad and one at Gadwal district.
Pala said the BJP had promised in its manifesto that within 180 days the mining of coal would resume but so far nothing has been seen.
These robbers also demanded five lakh pieces of silver.
Perhaps other districts can follow the example of West Khasi Hills and implement the same rules.
I said to the Engineer, “Did you see with your own eyes or did you just suspect, Sir?”
According to Bah Nongsiang, after this group, another group will come where they will also give certificates to those teachers of KJDSTA who came to be trained after their training.
“We have informed NEHU that our colleges are not ready to implement the NEP from this year and for that reason many have requested to postpone it and start from next year,” said Rakkam.
There are many young people who are skilled in making various kinds of drinks from the fruits of our country.
This initiative is also supported by another of the implementation issues of the KFW, which is allocated for farmers.
There are 7 lakh women which means that they have to pay Rs 840 crore per annum.
Is it possible to cure INFLUX with ILP as suggested by the scientists of the NGOs University?
He said KHNAM will meet with the MLAs especially those from Khasi to discuss this issue in the House to change this policy.
Shillong: A Bolero, which was driving boldly, has escaped from a road at 2:30 pm this morning.
The offensive by up to 30,000 Iraqi troops against Islamic State militants has prompted the militants to begin withdrawing from the city of Tikrit, Iraqi military officials said. Iraq.
Shillong: About 300 members of the Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GSMC) have just started their march from the Additional Secretariat, where they will proceed to Khyndailad and return to the Additional Secretariat.
If we look back, first of all, it was the Congress party that planned to introduce the UCC in India, but after many discussions and discussions, and seeing the opposition from many sides, it was suspended. The Directive Principles of State Policy have been directed to the States of the country to try to follow without any compulsion.
In the 2019 elections, the BJP won 301 seats, while the Congress won only 50 seats.
The body was found at Dkhiah West village.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
However, the Khasi who lived there did not have the right clothes to wear in Lakhempong.
The Superintendent of Police (City), EKHD, Shillong on Tuesday said that the EKHD Police have conducted several raids and patrols to ensure the safety and security of the people. and to prevent from any incidents that may arise during the ceremony.
She said she has already submitted her candidacy for the Shillong Parliamentary seat in the state.
There will also be a trekking to the famous places from Khimusniang to Krangshuri, which is the station of the army of the Syiem of Jaintia.
Seeing her daughter's progress in sports in various competitions, Marbarisha started to move forward in her life.
For this reason, I was angry and angry because of the fact that I myself have faced many problems because of the condition of this road.
Shillong, June 10: U Bah Kitbor W Nongrum, one of the writers on the 7th of this month, has published a book, 'Ka Sor Shillong' (New Edition 2014).
The Aayog, which is under the Ministry of Fisheries and Agriculture, Government of India, is continuing to encourage the public not to use cow dung products during Diwali and not to There is no need for Chinese equipment.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 30 : The Mawlangwir Sports Club (MSC) will hold the Mawlangwir Community Football Shield 2022 at Madan Saitsnad. .
However, he said that the government should not be stingy but should always be prepared and vigilant.
From that time on, he decided not to leave his mother but to take the example of the cow.
The suspect has been handed over to the police on suspicion of selling them and the investigation is ongoing.
SCA-A won the toss and elected to bat first and TDCA scored 110/1
“Perhaps the candidates we have won only 5 seats but this is not the end and disappointment for us because if we look at the last election we have more votes than the Congress and the parties that have been here for decades,” said Mr. George.
In terms of population in the state, it is 50% to 30%.
The Priest puts on the foreheads of the believers in the form of a cross and says, “Listen, listen, man, you were created from the dust of the body and when you die from this world, you go back to the 'dew-met.
The Annual General Meeting of MPA Jowai Branch will be held on 10th May 2022 at District Library Auditorium, Mynthong Jowai at 11 am.
The CEM recalled that during the short period of ARPA, the nation has been revived. “For many years, the nation has been discouraged, hopeless, we want to give a message. “The hope of the nation, the wind of encouragement has come back to the families of the nation,” said Bah Ardent, who recalled that earlier there was a widespread statement that the The District Council has been closed down and this is due to the sleepless nights of the people who have been sent to the District Council to implement the laws. cleanse again the 'er iwbih of the nation.
Hilar Thabah was named Player of the Match for four wickets.
It is the people, the politicians, the ministers who are polluting it.
Besides wanting to hold a Special Session in the Legislative Assembly, the Nongpoh MLA will speak and send a letter to all the CEMs, whether in KHADC, KHADC and GHADC, in order to urge them to There should be a Special Session in the Councils, and in such a Special Session, they should discuss the border issues and why Assam is too brave to cross the border. of Meghalaya.
He said the project will be completed within 12 to 18 months.
At the time of the announcement of the Special Session, there was a speculation that the Central Government may introduce the One Nation One Election Bill or the Bill to hold simultaneous elections for the Lok Sabha. Sabha and all the Assemblies in the States of India.
The Government has to address this issue immediately so that the fire does not spread quickly.
Therefore, the statement of the KHADC that the jait kpa is the source of the customs and traditions is only a rymmiang which does not fall anywhere.
And it shall come to pass in that day, that the people of the LORD shall go up, and say, COME UP TO THE MOUNTAIN OF THE LORD, TO THE HOUSE OF THE GOD OF JACOB.—Isaiah 2:3
“The HPC wants all the 342 households, which were censused in 2008, to be relocated to one place belonging to the State Government, which we have approved,” he said.
According to the NCS, the earthquake struck at 3:33 pm.
For this reason, there are all the records that have helped the Dorbar Shnong to collect censuses and detailed information on the names of the residents (foreigners) who have been submitted to the Dorbar Shnong.
The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District should take responsibility if there is a positive case in South West Khasi Hills District because it is its anti local policy that allows them to enter the district. “You can arrest KSU members, but they will not hesitate to stop foreigners from entering the state and the District Administration of South West Khasi Hills District and the government authorities should issue another law. decision to ban foreigners from entering the country in the name of highly skilled labourers.
Rev.DH Malang, Pastor incharge, who congratulated and encouraged the youth, and Chief Secretary Bah Chibor Wahlang, who encouraged the youth, gave a speech. The District and the youth to continue to produce more sports so that the youth can avoid many evils and finally the Chief Guest Kong Synta Mery Shylla expressed her gratitude to the District. She was invited to be the chief guest on this occasion and gave many words of encouragement to the youth to be smart and strong in many sports activities for the sake of the country. for the benefit of the body and health and to serve God as an example to others.
However, he left the TMC before being elected as the Opposition candidate.
On the other hand, he demanded that the Indian government, if it recognizes the Khasi people, should recognize the Khasi language in the Constitution.
Such religious leaders are no longer interested in those who have fled.
“I would like to clarify that there is a case in the High Court which I cannot say anything on this issue because it is a matter which questions the powers and functioning of the District Session Courts and to our courts,” he said.
India has decided to deploy a patrol force of up to 50,000 mountaineering troops to guard its border with China.
The Seng through the expression of the people requested the government authorities of the PWD department to take immediate action in this regard. AJPM (CB) Vice President Rijen Dkhar said that the AJPM (CB) has been working hard to improve the quality of life in the country.
“I still remember you, you have come,” said Santa to Banri's mother.
Speaking to media, the President of HITO Shillong City Samla Banpyntngenlang Syiemlieh said that the search of foreign documents is because most of the foreigners earn a living in the state. , while the indigenous people are suffering from income problems because they have been deported to foreign countries.
He said the PDF is new and 'to grow suddenly is not the right way'
The Congress Youth Leader said the Congress party has done more than it promised in its election manifestos and is also fighting to bring unity in the society. its allies are trying to create division and division among the people,” he said.
In a letter sent to the MOEF, the JSM said that according to the notice issued by the Union Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change No.S.O.2942(E) on 6th September, Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary in East Jaintia Hills is rich in wildlife and plants.
Jaish-e-Mohammad claimed responsibility for the incident in Lethpora, 30 kilometers from Srinagar.
After the installation of CCTV cameras in Nongmali Block 1,2,3, Prestone Tynsong said, “The installation of CCTV cameras is due to the need for security. I am proud of the 3 blocks for the works that have been suspended for years before and after the elections. The NPP has decided to open an office to meet with the people and from there the NPP fire will spread to the constituency and the state as a whole.
"This demand led the British Government to appoint Boundary Commissioners, including Deputy Commissioners of Kamrup and United Khasi Hills Districts, in accordance with Order No. 1668 Fort William 23 November The purpose of the Commissioners is to inspect and clarify whether the 10 villages fall under the Kamrup or Khasi Hills District.
I would like to remind you that Bah Sawkmie won the MLA election for the first time in
According to reports, the man has been missing since 30th November.
The BSF has seized up to 2000 cows from different parts of the Meghalaya border since July,
The Vacation Training Office of the Veterinary Department, Kyrdemkulai, Ri Bhoi, has been set on fire by robbers this morning at about 2:30 pm.
The death of the woman was caused by the fire, which consumed many parts of her body.
Qatar, who lost 2-0 to Ecuador in the opening match, were beaten 3-1 by Senegal in the second leg and now suffer a 2-0 defeat. goal in the third leg against the Netherlands.
He said that since we got the state, this government has been the worst.
Dangaitlang Mulieh scored the first goal for Mulang Ialong in the 70+1 minute.
He said that the government has already completed the construction of six Office Blocks.
From the times of the Old Testament until the times of Jesus Christ, Jerusalem has grieved God and the Son of God.
At the same time, Bah Carmel requested Mooshahary to talk to the new Governor to take over KK Paul on this issue.
Mawkyrwat, November 21: The Umsaitshriew Sports & Cultural Club (US&CC) in collaboration with the office of the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS), Nongstoiñ has celebrated the Vikas Diwas Day 2022 on the 17th of this month. The meeting was held at the Community Hall of Umsaitshriew Village, South West Khasi Hills District last month.
Until now, according to the information received, there has been no announcement from the government on the remaining 50 sq km as claimed by Ardent. Has the MUDA protest of Bah Ardent's group been successful as he claimed?”
Nongpoh had a chance to win the match after the two teams ended the match through penalties and Nongpoh beat Lajong by a goal.
He said he does not know about the name of Dasakhiat Lamare but they will look into it and maybe they will know who it is because it is the party that will decide.
Regarding Para 12 (A), Pangniang recalled that in 1986-88, the HSPDP under the leadership of (L) Maieit Hoping, had invited the leaders of seven minorities. pait from the North Eastern States at a meeting held in Shillong.
HANM Mawshynrut Circle has sent a letter to the Engineer of PWD (R) East Garo Hills to repair the road and bridge through Nongdambur West Khasi Hills. Ronga Agal East Garo Hills, so that the residents of the two districts can easily travel and transport.
“Satyendar Jain was taken to Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital.
“I would also like to say that perhaps the new PDF will reach the point where the PDF is the 'Pynshngaiñ Democratic Front'
Shilpa is also happy to be involved in this film with Dhurva.
The ejahar also named several Khasi students involved in the attack and these are Friky of Weinia Hostel, Meban, Johny (Weinia Hostel), Wantei (Mawthadraishan Hostel) and u Sam (Mawthadraishan Hostel).
JTS Thongni said that this decision was taken at a meeting held last April which was unanimously approved by all the members of the Association.
Shillong: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP) Jirang Circle, under the leadership of its President Samla Rolan Lyngdoh, on Tuesday inspected the factories in Nongrim Jirang and found that there are dozens of factories. These four mills do not have any documents and they are the owners of these four mills.
He also urged the residents to continue to maintain the spirit of cooperation to bring about a clean environment and especially to use the toilet properly which is essential for a clean environment. morning inside the village.
The JAC has alleged that besides the inconsistency in the method of implementation and the funds, they also alleged that there are unfinished projects worth less than Rs 2 crore including Site Development, Landscaping, Drinking Water, Solid Waste Management, Resting. Shed, Illumination Nartiang Monolith and Illumination.
The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) as part of the implementation of the Link Worker Scheme today held a health camp at Moodymmai village under Thadlaskein Block.
Thieves: Thieves of spirit like wild beasts who do not respect man or fear God.
He said he did not know exactly about the closure of the petrol station but the government and the company have decided to close it because within 100 km of the distance from the tank, it is impossible to set up a depot or to stock up on gasoline.
Speaking after a meeting with the Superintendents of Police and Commandants on Tuesday, the Chief Minister said that the state government will have to think carefully before taking such a step. .
Whenever Jesus went to preach the good news and perform miracles, the people were filled with joy and hope.
In Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh and Mizoram, the civil society provides food to 92.8 per cent, 91.7 per cent and 88.5 per cent of the population.
Shillong: “It is a programme that has touched my soul,” said the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills today, while speaking as the chief guest at the programme. “It's not like we're going to look at other MLA schemes, but we're going to start from ourselves,” said Laloo, while speaking at the distribution program for the poorest of the poor. the poorest of Rupang.
On the other hand, the Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum (KJCLF) today strongly condemned the incident against the two religious leaders of the Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Church, Pastor Reuben G Laloo and Tymmen Basan T Nongkhlaw. , were attacked by robbers while on their way to the church field in Bihar on 11 June
Therefore, the Sengbhalang invites the residents of East Jaintia Hills District and other Sengbhalang friends, to come and join hands in this protest by sleeping in the middle of the highway.
Unlike the VPP and its aim, it wants to stop the recruitment of jobs for unjust reasons.
Those who wish to purchase this centrifuge can inquire from the college mentioned above; Indian Institute of Technology, Cawnpore; or the company of Kirloskar & Brothers, Satara.
In the raid conducted last November, the staff of the department witnessed 19 cases and seized 95,700 liters of pyrsi and 37,205 liters of phareng.
In the first leg, Nidawanchwa Kharlukhi scored the first goal for Sohmynting in the 57th minute.
At present, the salary of ASHA workers and assistants is 7,500 and 3,250 tyngka per month.
Naik was reportedly seriously ill and was shifted to Goa for treatment.
The success of this operation is due to the cooperation of the residents of Mawlai Phudmawri, who want no illegal activities in their village.
“If people say that the MDA government is not enough, I will give an example that while there are 29 members in the Congress party, why does the government fall and every three or four months? There is no such thing as a monthly battle.
He said that in the 2023 elections, it will be known which constituencies support the CAA and which are against it, but one thing is clear that the NPP MP from Tura has supported the CAA in Parliament.
“I don't know if there are 20 candidates but I don't think if there are 20 candidates I will count all 20 candidates but I don't have the qualifying criteria. “Out of these 20 candidates, there are 2 candidates who are eligible to give tickets,” he said.
Commenting on the performance of the MDA government, Bobeeta said that even the President of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah Ernest Mawrie himself has told the media that the MDA government is a corrupt government even though the BJP is a corrupt government. part of the MDA government.
“If the people elect our candidate to the Lok Sabha, we feel that we will be able to express our views in the House especially on the issue of ILP and other issues that are necessary for the State. " said the Vice-President.
The article describes the Bio-Microchip, which explains its size, how it is used to inject into the human body such as the eyelids or hands in the back and What is the function of the Bio Microship, in which it is written that there is no need to use those passports, debit cards, passbooks, or checks. Everyone must have the Bio Microchip and if they don't, they will be arrested and considered a criminal.
Before the meeting between the HFU and MCS leaders, a briefing was held on various missions which the government has already announced including the mission on the cultivation of Lakadong shynrai, the planting of tit, the fish farming and others.
On the tourism industry, the Minister said that the construction of the cable cars from Pongtung to Pynter is underway to attract tourists. This will also be the first scheme in Meghalaya and the second in the North East.
The Government Fruit Conservation Center has earned a reputation for providing quality training and cleanliness, unlike other Government factories which have waste.
He said that there is also a village in West Khasi Hills and South Garo Hills District, called Khalu which was destroyed by the Rongkai River on the morning of Thursday 17th July, The floods have also destroyed houses, schools, a community hall and a church.
However, there is hope that soon new faces will emerge, ready to speak for themselves and intelligent, who will contest the 2023 elections without the support of the old political parties (whether they are who is from Ri thor or from Ri Lum).
Check that the victim is still breathing and check that his or her bones are still working.
England's Harry Brook has moved up 18th to 18th, Ollie Pope has moved up 10 places to 23rd and Ben Duckett has now moved up five places to 34th in the table after a good performance against Ireland.
It is worth mentioning that it is because of the demand for issuance of licenses that the city police in the past years have monitored the corruption in the District Transport Office and exposed the involvement of its employees and those brokers to obtain licenses, permits and others.
Another project is the construction of a road from the PWD road through the residence of Dr Merybell Marbaniang to the residence of Bah Rolet Rynjah and others at Madan Laban, Shillong at a cost of Rs 1.77 crore.
On the VPP's demand, Prestone said, “The VPP demands to take the population because the Khasi Jaintia people are more numerous than the Garo people and it is true and we also say that it is true. “It's a matter of counting because the Supreme Court has ordered that less than 50% of us have to think about it”.
Tsitsipas scored the first goal of the match against Carlos to take a 2-1 lead, but Alcaraz scored the third goal. winning the next six games for running the entire campaign.
I would like to request Rupang the author of this news not to publish such a religious news here, because the Khasi news is not only for those who have converted to Christianity, in fact this news is for all the Khasi son or the son of the skum.
The match will be between Panaliar SC and Lumkyrwiang SC tomorrow. The EJNC, JSM, JSU, KSU, FKJGP and HNYF have expressed their strong opposition to the rumours. to appoint the Deputy Commissioner, Bah Ethelbert Kharmalki.
The strike by the employees of 108 Ambulance in each district has affected especially the patients who urgently need Ambulances. November 2019.
Nongstoin MLA together with PWD officers while inspecting the road in Nongpyndeng village.
The explanations for those special people are explained in great detail through the projectors.
In Germany it is mostly used to make beer.
JHADC Chief Executive Member Thombor Shiwat and Ummulong MDC Jesse Suiam have donated T.50,000 to the JHADC.
Shillong: There have been 22 new cases of Coronavirus (COVID-19) in East Khasi Hills today, including 18 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills.
“I don't want the protest to end and if it ends there will be violence and if there is violence the government will be happy to remember that it is the wish of the government. Ardent who has been hungry for five days," Ardent said.
“We have also decided to oppose the MUDA boundary crossing and we accept the Bye Laws of KHADC which allows them to build within its boundary,” said Dr Kharshiing.
These nurses will receive a six-month training in the mother tongue in Delhi, Mumbai and Bangalore.
The awards were presented by Bah Tdim Lynrah, Secretary, Kongthong, Bah Rothel Khongsit, Secretary, IATCS Ltd.
Those who wear masks will be beaten by those who do not.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr. Batskhem Myrboh, spokesperson of the VPP, said that the party does not want to criticize the statement of Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
Shillong, July 30: The MDC election in Mawlai has started slowly and the candidates have had to raise issues and speak out against them in order to prove their position.
“The Prime Minister, as our father, should have seen the minor mistake of the driver and should have fought not to prosecute any law against the driver of the Mahindra,” said Bah Rani. .
Earlier, the fine imposed by the government was very low but now it has been increased recently so that it serves as a punishment for those who do not follow or respect the agreement.
Now we see that the Government of India has taken another path and there is a dialogue going on,” he said.
The NGT issued the order after hearing a complaint by environmental advocate Naba Bhattacharjee on the threat of pollution of the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers on Friday.
Regarding the party, Garod said that he is still waiting for the decision of the UDP, but if he does not get the ticket, he will be ready to contest the 2023 election.
A copy of the petition has been sent to the MLA of the area, Bah Justine Dkhar, and also to the DC of EJHD to request them to address the plight of these villages. and electricity.
In fact, before conducting programmes, they should invite leaders or the disabled to sit down so that they can understand how to act on a programme, because it is the disabled who understand them better. On the 3 percent recruitment quota in government departments, the KDA said that this Act does not work at all and the KDA has found this out by requesting information from the KDA. Shillong, Naiwieng 6: The CSWO under the leadership of Kong Agnes has said that the state government has not taken any action. Kharshiing on Tuesday demanded that the government should send an inquiry into the shooting death of four policemen by the GNLA yesterday.
Are you still there! Do you want to go to Delhi when you come home and don't talk about the issues of the nation? Is it enough to thank and arrest people who insult, insult and disrespect us to Delhi? We leave it to the wisdom of the MDA government and the Seng Bhalang to decide on that.
After the resignation of the Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW), Phidalia Toi said that she will now have a fight against the Minister of Social Welfare, U Mr. Paul Lyngdoh.
He also confirmed that FIFA's revenue has reached record levels in the last season since 2019-2
Donald V Thabah said that before 1990, there was no group that conducted such awards for students. In 1994, the KSU took part in the awards ceremony. Only one student came forward because at that time there were only Top 10 General and Top 10 Tribal Lists for the hill tribes.
It is useless for the government to bring about economic development if the people die and lose their land.
Bah CB Sylliang, Secretary of the Union, said that the Union strongly opposes the KHADC's order ban ban Rangbah Shnongs or Village Leaders from entering the state for political purposes. and this commandment shall not be accepted at all.
Teinwell Dkhar MDC of the UDP from Shella has also decided not to contest for the post of Chairman.
Therefore, those people who have a bone disease known as osteoporosis should include this vegetable in their diet.
Students from 30 schools in Ribhoi District have attended the tournament with a total of 1114 boys and girls.
“We have decided to include the FTD within the Elaka Department and District Council,” said Bah Pynshngain. “We also intend to legally recognize the Federation under the Sixth Schedule”.
“It is a false news and I have directed the cyber crime police to investigate this information as it is an attempt to defame,” Sangma said in a tweet.
“There is nothing we say that is not new.
Congratulating all those involved in the completion of the project, the Governor said that the work of the Raj Bhavan will enable Garo Hills to improve in terms of development and in all aspects.
Some illnesses can lead to depression and physical illness.
According to the Marwari, the best synsar is produced from Jirang, Mawsynram, Balat, Synteng, Lawbah in East Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills.
Last year we lost to Mumbai FC in the semi final.
In a statement, Bah Thomas Passah said that the opening of Block and other offices has progressed and therefore it is necessary for the villagers to be present at these workplaces. , will meet tomorrow evening to prepare for what they will do next.
TUR Leader Angela Rngad has sent a letter to the Chairperson of the Meghalaya Lokayukta seeking the authority to examine the wealth documents of Government employees.
Napoleon said – the Bible is not only a Book, but a living creature, it has the power to defeat those who oppose it. counting the greatness and glory of the Hima Bilat".
Langsning, in reply, scored only 84 runs in 20 overs and lost by 9 wickets.
Nongstoiñ, June 19: Three SF-10 policemen have been arrested for causing trouble in Shallang area.
He said that this road has been neglected for decades and the last time it was repaired was during the time of his father, Purno A Sangma. The road is needed not only for the people of Mawhati but for the state as a whole to improve income and development. the people from the trade with the state of Assam.
He said that if he has just returned from Bangladesh, how can the money be in his body and he should also bring the old letters of the Council.
A few months ago, there was a stir among the people not only in the market but also in all the rural markets because of the flour, and some of them took advantage by selling more than the price set at about 4-. 5 shah, and the people also without knowledge bought the goods.
Regarding the removal of Bah Ernest Mawrie as President, although it was Chuba Ao who started to spread the word and accused Bah Mawrie, the surprising thing is that today he is the one who has stirred up the fire. The President said that there is a misunderstanding or a lack of clarity in the way of communication.
Marten in Mawlai Mawiong is a place where all the garbage comes from different parts of Shillong and surrounding areas.
According to the DGP, the drug trafficking in the state has increased dramatically.
A meeting with the leaders of different districts of Khasi-Jaintia Hills District is ongoing to take their views regarding the 3 persons who have expressed their desire to join the party in Former President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, President of the Khasi Authors' Society (KAS), Dr. DRL Nonglait and former MLA of Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie.
The body was identified as Anowarul Islam of Najatpur, Katigorah, Assam.
However, the Mawkyrwat Local Taxi Drivers and Owners Association (MATA) has come out to repair the road. The PWD has not been able to improve the situation for many years.
“Even in the name of India, we are attacked and even if we are given the name of Bharat, the important thing for us as a party is that we need the laws according to the Constitution of the country to get protection. , in which we proposed to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) to include the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution and other issues related to health, education and Robert and Dundee said that it is not easy to change the name of the country because the cost of work will reach thousands of crores of rupees. The country's currency, various documents of the central and state governments and this plan will cause a huge loss to the country as a whole.
Nongpoh: The Ri-Bhoi Tourism & Environmental Development Forum (RBT&EDF) has celebrated its 10th Anniversary in RBT&EDF, has organized a competition for the title of 'Miss Ri Bhoi', in which about 20 young women from Ri Bhoi District have participated. Women from different villages in Ri Bhoi, came to participate, in order to showcase their skills in physical activities.
He said the construction of the road is not only for Christmas, but also for the preparation of two services, the Presbytery Youth of the Presbyterian Church and the Procession of the Roman Catholic Church in June and October.
Ha EJH – 2• WGH-01• RiBhoi- 01What do you mean by BSF?
Therefore, she called on the Sengbhalang and Seng Trei Mon Sngewbha not only to look at the shortcomings but to come forward and give their right hand and left hand to work with the government for the sake of health in this area. to discuss the High Risk Pregnancies, she expressed the need to provide funds and immediately expedite the implementation of the Blood Bank unit of this hospital.
In another match, the students of Iewrynghep Sec.School were defeated by a tie breaker at Umphyrnai Pres.
The defeat of the Congress in this election is due to the lack of cooperation of the Congress leaders and the party as a whole in India.
“Now, the BJP is led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi who is a prominent leader in the world and this is 78 per cent.
The decision was announced by senior Congress leader AK Antonty, who said Rahul Gandhi has accepted the demands of the people of Kerala, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu. one Constituency in South India.
“Ka Seng has a suspicion that there is something behind this plant.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 24: After many years of suffering and misery, due to the deterioration of the roads leading to the villages in the Nongjri area, which has affected dozens of villages The residents of this area have expressed their gratitude, after the department in charge of roads, has improved and cleaned these roads, which connect to the villages. and this has greatly facilitated the movement and transportation of the residents.
Jyllud, a prisoner from Shillong District Jail, was brought to the DC Office at 11 am on Tuesday for trial, but escaped while going to the toilet on ventilator.
The rule also allows the family members to look after the deceased by removing the blanket, which has covered the body, but only once.
Bah Rudi gave an example that his children should no longer enter that category because he as a father has had many opportunities to improve his children whether it is in education and other opportunities. for them.
We see that the world of Israel and the Jewish world rejected Jesus until the day of Jesus' crucifixion.
The Sutnga chiefs (probably during the reign of chief Bor Kuseiñ-I) defeated the chiefs of Malngiang and annexed many lands and villages in the countryside and north (Bangladesh) under their kingdoms.
The Minister said that after talking to the Paiem of the Hima Khyrim and the officials of the Hima Khyrim, they have decided that the government will provide assistance to improve this place. , which they have been practicing for over 200 years now.
The Jal Diwali will be held at three ULBs across Meghalaya from 7th to 9th November,
Although this road is only a tree road, the people have to repair it every year because they have difficulty in transporting their belongings.
Shillong: The construction of the Shillong-Dawki highway from Sanmer to Umshyrpi has been suspended for several months due to the opposition of the Kur Kurkalang.
As a writer, he was the Editor of the Khasi newspaper “Ka Lympung Ri Lum” which was published every Saturday in 1956-1
In the girls' category, West Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills won the tie breaker without anyone scoring a goal. West Khasi Hills beat East Jaintia Hills 4-2
During the 90 minutes of the match, there was a shootout, in which they scored 10 goals each, but no one could win the title, even after 30 minutes and 30 minutes. When the match reached the goal, it was a penalty shootout and Russia won.
In East Khasi Hills, 50 cases, West Jaintia Hills 22 cases and West Garo Hills 15 cases.
According to sources, the incident occurred after a complaint was received that the Laitumkhrah Police Station refused to register a complaint lodged by several persons. Youths shot dead in front of DHS Office, Laitumkhrah.
There are 8 cases in South Garo Hills, 8 cases in South West Garo Hills, 12 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 5 cases in Nongsynrieh Cluster and 131 cases in West Jaintia Hills. cases, 5 cases in West Khasi Hills.
The HPC also alleged that the proposal to evict the residents of Them Ïew Mawlong is wrong as it is only an attempt to deprive the residents of this area and to accept them as residential areas. which are like rooms in a prison.
“Delhi now has about 1300 electric buses, which has the highest number of such buses compared to other cities in the country.
He said that the KDA will wait until 30th March 2018, if the government remains silent, they will not hesitate to hold a protest to force the government to release the rights of people with disabilities in the state.
The union and the land owners have also decided not to allow the company to proceed with the construction until the demand is met.
They don't respect you all.
The death toll in Iran has risen to 429 with 75 deaths on Friday, bringing the total number of cases in the country to 10,0
The election will be held on the 21st and the polling will be held on the 24th.
Media reports said that in the area, clashes between the two ethnic groups have started in the past few days.
The Cabinet also approved the draft Meghalaya Electric Vehicle Policy 2020 which will come into force from 1st June
"# P.W.8.
The nature of that desire can arise from the desire of the flesh or the desire to create, there is no difference.
On this occasion, prizes were awarded to the winners of the Essay writing contest.
He said that together with Associate Prof. Ranee this is the second book they have written together and the third book is being prepared which will be published soon.
The candidates who filed their nomination papers are Dr. Mukul Sangma from Songsak, Charles Pyngrope from Nongthymmai, Tengrak R Marak from Bajengdoba, Alphonsush R Marak from Williamnagar, Winnerson D Sangma from Salmanpara and Rupert M Marak from North. Tura, Andrew Shullai of Jowai, Iwan Maria of West Shillong, Ian A Lyngdoh of South Shillong, Banshanlang Lawai of Mawryngkneng, Sengnam M Marak of Rongjeng, Rupa M Marak of Dadenggre, Robinus Syngkon of Raliang, Rinaldo K Sangma of Resubelpara, Cherak Momin of Kharkutta, Dikkanchi D Shira of Mahendraganj, Justine G Momin of Mawshynrut, Edmund Khongngai of Pynursla, Harold Firming Khongsit of Sohra, Agassi R Marak of Selsella, Stodingstar Thabah of Sohiong, Zenith M Sangma of Rangsakona, Sadhina of Gaarani M, Sangma D Shira of Mendipathar, Sounder S Cajee of Mawkyrwat, Raymond Basaiawmoit of Pynthorumkhrah, Ajay Nongrum of East Shillong, Dr. Prabir D Sangma of Raksamgre and Bah Stepbourne Kupar Ryndem of Mawlai.
I decided to do that too".
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday, said that the government has been preparing various measures to clean up and beautify Shillong.
Earlier, Ravichandran Ashwin showed his skill in bowling inside the net.
He said that the lack of residence in the area where they have worked and bought in the area shows that they are only people who want to steal the wealth from the area. but they have no responsibility to protect the residents of the area.
Jowai, Nailur 04: The Jaintia Body Building Association (JBB&FA) with the support of the Meghalaya Body Building & Fitness Association (MB&FA) and the World Fitness Association (WFF) has organized the “3rd The Mr. Ironman Amateur Body Building Championship 2023 will come to an end on Saturday, 2nd November, 2023 at the District Library Auditorium, Mynthong, Jowai.
“If the tragic incident had happened on that day, what news would have spread to other places and wouldn't it have affected the tourism industry?” he asked.
I will wait for your reply and hope for immediate action,” said the Tura MDC in a statement to the Minister.
Their attempt preceded the Apollo Mission.
KSU Umdohlun Circle together with KSU Nongmluh Area Unit on the 1st June, 2023 have left their hands to donate food items. They also helped to build a house with them on the same day so that they could sit down and eat for a while.
I am a leader of the people and the feelings of the people are my feelings.
This involves parents or grandparents teaching their children in terms of responsibility, love for their home i.e. taking responsibility for doing well, improving and to build up his household in every way.
He explained that there are many committees which have to go through the process of getting the scheme from DAP to SAP, SLPSC to SLSC until they get the approval to get the money.
Assam Finance Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said police have filed 136 cases and arrested 190 people from across the state in connection with the damage to property. and others during the protests in Assam.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: Within 10 months of the attack and burning of coal trucks at Umling, Ri-Bhoi, the drivers of SKRS On Saturday, they blocked the Shillong-Guwahati road and on Saturday, they blocked the road and protested to demand the release of four truck drivers who were arrested recently.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Ri-Bhoi Students Union (RISU) today lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, regarding the involvement of Khasi and foreigners in the operation of a petrol pump. The M/S Highway Carrier Refilling Center is located at 14Mile Tamulkuchi, Ri Bhoi District.
“This is the internal affairs of the UDP and they have not given me a word on this, but the HSPDP and BJP have already given me a word on the allocation of ministerial posts,” he said. to Conrad.
“The Director has promised to inspect the condition of the building in the coming days and has also promised to send the PWD (Building) department to hand over the building to the DERT so that to implement it," the statement concluded.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said that the government has made it clear that they will proceed with what it has already decided to relocate them and anyone else. People can blame as much as they like, but the government will continue to find ways and means to resolve this issue.
The office order for the use of fertilizers will be in some farmland due to the need for crops such as rice, sohsaw, kubi, phul and others which are commonly grown in the State.
The team has been joined by Vidarbha, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Maharashtra, Services, Manipur and Hyderabad.
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Edappadi K Palaniswami today said that the state will not accept any bill and wants the chief minister to allow the state government to implement it. himself, by his own law in education.
i so eager to join it if you led me.
Besides, the HYC has urged the state government to set up a Fast-Track or Special Court to look into cases under the NDPS Act.
Sandra was ready to go to work.
He urged that no matter what religion or region, as a nation we should be grateful to Thomas Jones for bringing about the uniqueness of the nation.
Thus, the phangjan is a part of any place that is close; and the road to the syrwet is a place of walking that is not expected and suspected that it cannot be true.
On the emergence of other parties, Jyrwa said he does not know on what basis they stand but as we have seen in the newspapers, it seems that there are parties who want roads but do not want to mine uranium. “We have made it clear that we are against the mining of uranium, we will not allow it at all,” he said. he said.
“We have received information that the Expert Committee, which was supposed to prepare the State Reservation Policy (SRP), met on 23rd November.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has heard for the first time in Hindi that the Governor of Meghalaya will speak after 47 years of independence.
Police have also arrested Gulam and the driver of the vehicle and are now in judicial custody.
There are 507 recoveries.
Shillong: West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WKA) beat West Khasi Hills DCA by nine wickets in the Zone 1 Group B of the U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament at Umbuda, Nongpoh, today. sun.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah SB Kharbyngar Rangbah Shnong Jaiaw Laitdom as the Chief Guest, Bah Bunlang War Advisor Meghalaya Carrom Association as Secretary Chief Guest, Bah Michael Syiem and President Ferdinand Nongkynrih. Bah Banrap Wahlang, Secretary of the Meghalaya Carrom Association, and Bah Banrap Wahlang, Secretary Jaiaw Laitdom.
Earlier, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, expressed his concern over the payment of MCCL employees. On the other hand, Sohra MLA, Bah Gavin Mylliem urged the government to shall encourage action in consultation with those involved and prioritize the safety of employees.
Myrjai and Newhill won the 3rd Division Football Tournament organized by the WJDSA at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Stadium on Monday.
The court has ordered the imprisonment of all shirts and a fine of 100 tyngka for violating the law under Section 302 IPC. The incident took place at a restaurant in Iew Tura.
However, he and Manoranjan were arrested by the MPs who shot and beat them before the Delhi Police came to arrest them.
U Bah Jeskalur left the jail at 2 pm today and together with his relatives he took them to Lum Diengjri Police Station to complete the necessary work with the police. After working at Lum Diengjri PS, he was released to go home where he was escorted by his mother Kloris Mawdoh, his father Kenes Lyngdoh Mawphlang, his brother-in-law and husband. he.
Friends, remember that if marriage is like that of animals, God will send a plague. 2) The plague of fire:- This can be found in Gen.19:1 He brought down fire from heaven on the two great cities, Sodom and Gomorrah.
Shillong, November 13: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, will arrive in Shillong on the 18th to attend the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the North Eastern Council (NEC).
Intellectuals tell us that the availability of wealth and economic development are not the only stick to the happiness of mankind, as we often think.
So far, GHE_Connect has installed solar panels in the state to 400 households and distributed stoves to 5000 households in the villages.
On our part, we strongly oppose the proposal of Star Cement to set up this park as it will destroy the environment and the right of ownership of the people of Hynniewtrep.
Our Ri Hynniewtrep has its own rulers who rule independently within their own kingdom without any interference from foreign powers as at present.
The MoU was signed today in the presence of Chief Election Commissioner Rajiv Kumar and Election Commissioner Arun Goel.
These foreigners do not have proper documents and they came in expensive vehicles like Scorpio, with registration No.AS 01 BQ 3030 and Ford Endeavor with registration No.AS 01 BQ AS 01 TO 3030.
"(John.19:30).
“Blessed be Egypt my people, and Assyria the work of my hands.
EG War Organizing Cum Publicity Secretary MUPSTA said the protest was part of the efforts to force the government to implement the demands of MUPSTA and called on all units of MUPSTA to come out in peace. District Headquarters.
Tynsong said that in his personal opinion, he should not have said these words, but he does not know the reason why he said this, because as it is until now, the Meghalaya & Assam are still on the verge of resolving the border issue in the second phase, he said.
They love the places of honor at feasts and the places of honor in the synagogues, so that they may be called Rabbi by men and teachers of the law.
The final between the two teams will start at 11 pm.
“The Principal District and Sessions Judge will ensure that the facilities of the courts are provided and that technology can be implemented to speed up the work.
In a letter signed by JSM President Leningstar Rymbai and General Secretary Roitre Dkhar, the JSM said that the proposal to make Jowai Spring Capital is the responsibility of the Prime Minister. The state has already made a pledge in November 2022, when it came to lay the foundation stone for the construction of the Mini Secretariat in Jowai. Meghalaya has three regions including Khasi Hills, Garo Hills and Jaintia Hills and three District Councils. District Council and Garo Hills Autonomous District, among them, Jaintia Hills is a revenue generating area for the government especially during the time when coal mining and trade was allowed.
On the other hand, this disease has shown clearly that there is still more hatred, jealousy and discrimination against our fellow human beings.
At this meeting, the CEM of KHADC approved the establishment of a committee soon in which the Dorbar Shnongs will take part in the fight against drug abuse. very, very.
Saying maki is right, but saying others is wrong and wrong.
Conrad said the road from Mairang to Ranigodown is necessary and the government will improve the internet to boost income.
Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat in collaboration with the Rashtriya Education Abhiyan (RUSA), Cell Mawkyrwat on 13th July held a One Day Workshop on the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 at the Conference Room of the college. Rakkam A. Sangma, Minister of Education, Meghalaya was the chief guest.
On the other hand, Kong Elisha Lapang, one of the shopkeepers in the area, said that the harassment from time to time by the NHAI and MeECL authorities, has affected the shopkeepers. They have been struggling for many years to support their families by selling shops along the road in Lad Umroi.
The robbers entered the Principal's room to convince them that the father of the child had ordered them to bring the child because all the family members were sick, but the Principal refused. and believe not these thieves.
Corruption is the getting of what a person does not deserve and that he gets without water and this comes in many forms.
If the BJP comes to power, even Shanbor, Bah Hek will lose his ticket if they don't join the RSS and the RSS cannot be if it is not Hindu or taught in Hinduism.
In Panjab and Haryana, farmers have completed their education in agriculture.
Jowai, July 13: A total of 216 men and women athletes from West Jaintia Hills District together with coaches and managers on Saturday left with blessings before taking part in the 5th Meghalaya Games The tournament will be held from 15th to 20th July, 2024 at Tura, West Garo Hills District.
They also reminded that the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council has been trying to auction the river while the village authorities have strongly opposed this proposal. Shillong, Naitung 9: The office of the Director Recruiting (Army), Shillong has announced that the recruitment of youth from 11 districts of Meghalaya and three districts has been completed. Assam including Morigaon, Nagaon and Sonitpur for the post of Soldier General Duty, Soldier Tradesman, Soldier Technical, Soldier Clerks/Store Keeper Technical and Soldier Nursing Assistant will be held from 20th to 28th of this month at Jawahar Lal. Nehru Stadium, Shillong and the match will start at 5:00 pm at the Polo Ground.
We want to see the unity of the jaidbynriew and the unity of all the ethnic parties,” said Bah Mawthoh.
“We teachers don't get the right salary and I don't know why even the sanction for the months of March, April and May hasn't been received yet.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Chyne said that in the past years, the UDP has not found a way to work in the Rilum area. The party has not yet had time to enter the remote areas of the constituencies.
However, the difference this year is that the states of the North East have also experienced an increase in positive cases.
The hope that Jesus was the Messiah who came to save and deliver mankind had become merely the desire and hope of the past.
However, in the records of June 2012, the Directorate of Housing showed that the Board from 1988-89 to 2000-01, borrowed up to T.36.56 crore from landlords including LIC-T. .1.94 crore, SBI-Ts.0.60 crore, and HUDCO-Ts.34.02 crore.
The incident happened while she was coming home from her mother's house for New Year's Eve and in the darkness of the night, these robbers took advantage of the robbers to commit a crime to satisfy their lust. you don't have to worry anymore.
ai, and Namit Jauhari, Country Head India, [24]7.
Shillong, July 04 : The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Friday urged the HNLC not to suspend peace talks with the central government and the state government for the sake of you are in peace in the state.
All Rang Bahshnongs, Seng Bhalang, Rangbah Niam are also requested to join hands with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in this program so that we can protect our children from the disease. polio and to eradicate this disease from the face of the earth.
One of the worst environmental impacts is the spread of plastic.
All the police officers in charge should look into the issues with the people,” he said.
They didn't care much about Shillong but they gave away the brains of education to Garo Hills.
Steveford Marweiñ, MCS, EAC, South West Khasi Hills District who was the chief guest at the Rally-cum-Awareness Program on 'Against Alcoholic Beverages' organized by the Office of the Block Development Officer (BDO), Kudumbashree NRO, reminded that 'one has started', the desire to try again is there and it is still demanding.
At the same time, the Seng has put forward the demands before the District Council that if anyone comes to Trongpleng Village, the Seng will not forgive those people.
In the letter, u Bah Bindo also wrote that he should not forget the past but should not blame the leaders who have not given him tickets. He and the UDP should not be angry with Bah Bindo because he has contested the MLA election from Nongkrem as an independent candidate.
“We demand that the government should immediately arrest those Assam police who shot these four persons as it used to arrest the members of the Seng every night,” he said.
During Holy Communion or the Lord's Supper in churches, Fathers/Pastors/Religious Leaders who distribute the Lord's Supper should wash and sanitize their hands, and wear handkerchiefs if necessary, before distributing the Lord's Supper and ensure that there is no social distancing.
More than 91 prominent drivers from different states of the North East have taken part in the race, which is one of the biggest races in the North East. unity among the states of the North Eastern Region of India.
Mawkyrwat, June 07: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has sent a letter to the leaders of the FKJGP Mawkyrwat Circle requesting them to resign from their posts. of the organization.
