Then there was another death in East Khasi Hills.
Those sisters who heard her story also quickly spread the word.
Ma Ajoy Lywait, former Secretary of the Tympang Iawmusiang Dorbar Shnong, has been elected as the new Waheh Chnong for a term of three years.
Due to the heavy traffic jam in many parts of Shillong, the Chief Executive Member (KHADC) Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem has decided to arrive on time for the session. On Tuesday, he used a motorcycle to drive to attend the council meeting.
It is located at a distance of 20-50 km from Iewrynghep, Mawkynrew and Wahmawlein.
If we want our society to be clean, let us look at some of the problems brought about by corruption.
“We on behalf of the members of the UDP express our gratitude to Dr Donkupar and Bindo M Lanong for their support. He has shown us the way, let us respect his example and follow and hold fast to the foundation he has led us.
He said that the Business Advisory Committee of the House, which has fixed the dates of the dorbar, has acted according to the wishes of the ruling members and has not listened to the argument of the opposition members to extend the days. with the council.
Unemployment is alarming and according to the survey the unemployment rate in the State has increased to 10% in June 2020 alone.
These ksew and the pictures of the candidates are up and down and have been posted in videos, which many people like to watch.
Unidentified persons have set fire to the office of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) in Jowai and the warehouse at Ladthadlaboh near Rymbai at around 12:30 pm this morning. Gas Agency.
Shillong, March 25: Police of East Khasi Hills District, who have implemented an order prohibiting the illegal sale of liquor during the Puja festivals, have seized liquor, illegally sold pyrsi and beer in different parts of Shillong.
Byndihati beat Lumputhoi 1-0 while Pamrapaithlu beat Rymbai Pohskur 1-0 in the first division football tournament held at Diengshynrum Plaza in Khliehriat. Tuesday.
The choice of this Beat House is not only because it is the cleanest but also because it has good public relations.
“As agreed, we went to ask for the money today but he was not in the office, he cheated us,” said Rani. the police have investigated this fraud.
The Step Market was inaugurated by Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, in the presence of Bah Balajied Rani, MDC Nongpoh and other dignitaries. of the area, which included the leaders of the Marngar Catholic Church.
Such old houses are more than 100 years old and if not properly maintained, they are in danger of fire.
He denied that the delay was due to a dispute between the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma and the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem.
On the same day, Mr. Coming also handed over a Work Order of T.20,00,000/- as assistance for the construction of the School Building of Seiñraij Secondary School, Raliang.
On the other hand, a flag raising day was held in Assam today, where 70 political parties marched and raised flags to the people, to protest against the Indian government's bill. .
“We have already discussed this issue and I think it was about two or three times before it was approved by the Cabinet and after that we have brought it back as an Ordinance,” he said.
Most of the time, this type of disease does not show symptoms immediately, but as time goes on, it can cause symptoms such as fatigue, fatigue, high cholesterol, weight gain, weight loss. dohksah, anxiety, and many other signs of illness.
It includes Eastern Khasi Hills District, South West Khasi Hills District and West Khasi Hills District with a population of 5.85 lakh.
However, on his part, he does not allow those who are young to work in the factory he runs.
Jashodaben, wife of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, was injured in a car accident while returning to Gujarat after attending a wedding in Rajasthan.
After the meeting, a press conference was held in which they said that the DC has said that due to the delay of various departments and offices in the district, the production will be delayed. .
The order from the DC's office also urges the owners of shopping malls to prevent the gathering of people inside the shopping malls and the owners of shops to provide hand sanitizers and hand sanitizers. hand sanitizers and equipment to check the temperature of the public before entering the shops.
Otherwise, if they fail to respond within 15 days in writing, the District Council shall act in accordance with the law.
However, the victory or defeat of Lamphang will depend on the strategy used on the 16th.
The Ministry of Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER), in collaboration with the North Eastern Space Application Center (NESAC), Department of Space, Government of India, has launched a project monitoring mobile application.
The news that Jesus had been resurrected was not pleasant news to the Sadducees, Pharisees, scribes, scribes and rulers of the Roman Empire.
The results of the Lucky Draw were announced today and the winners were 1st prize No.0741 (Scooty Aprilia Storm), 2nd prize No.0558 (Oppo Phone) and 3rd prize No.1209 (Rice Cooker).
The Campaign will support the Government of India in the Swatch Bharat Mission and also the WASH program to empower the poorest and needy households in the rural areas amidst the COVID-19 pandemic. villages and to find out the needs of the villagers in terms of water, sanitation and toilets.
for the time will come when the people of the border areas will have to defend themselves by a painful struggle.
Similarly, the 2021 French Championship champion Fabio Quartararo has completed the Yamaha race to move up to three wins this season and Maverick Vinales of Aprilia and Miguel Oliveira came fourth and fifth respectively.
We can see the signs of the unity of the Hynniewtrep people in the power that has come and their orderliness in the planting of mawbynna, male and female stones throughout the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
There are many cases of misuse of government officers in different places.
He said that this pig farm is one of the government's efforts to improve the economic development of the people living in the rural areas through livestock farming.
Those who attended the function were the Syiem of Hima Maharam, Pa'iem Niandro Syiemiong, Rev. SI Iawphniaw, Bah Carness Sohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency and President of the Alumni Association. Syiem College, Mawkyrwat, the elders, teachers of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat and the students.
The removal of some ministers will be an opportunity for the Prime Minister to form a new cabinet after many ministers have opposed him.
The program was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium in Shillong in the presence of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma as the chief guest.
The meeting strongly condemned the shooting of Khasi Pnars in Mukroh, saying that these incidents have happened due to the weakness of the Meghalaya government because even the police themselves cannot. He also criticized the present government which has been ruled under the Assam government.
According to information received by the Research and Analysis Wing (RAW), it is estimated that about 50 to 60 Myanmar troops have destroyed a camp of the NSCN(K).
The Seng Samla Ïew Mawlong on 10th July held a competition to collect plastic waste from the Umpyrli River, a small stream near the market.
On this occasion, those from the upper part of the river go down the wah and perform the nguh ka dem and 'i pyrnah pyrjiñ' which is the sadhiar or Ïmdem which is consecrated to the klong sko.
Lahkmen said he strongly condemns the attack on two Khasi youths at Golflink and police have appointed a Special Investigation Team to investigate.
The court has decided to suspend the operation for 15 days, which the court has suddenly suspended on 15th November 2018, although it had earlier ordered to give time. for sale until 30th November 2018.
Ri-Bhoi, which tied again, scored 135 runs (all out), while SCA-A will have to score 183 runs to win the second match. They scored 26 runs for the loss of seven wickets in the first innings before Gaurav Narleng came on to score 42 runs.
The match between the two teams will be played at the 3rd Ground MFA Turf Polo Ground Shillong at 2 pm.
Speaking to media, James PK Sangma said he understands that the UDP leaders have expressed their concern because the people are facing problems, especially at this time of crisis. There are still exams in which they face great difficulties.
It is to be recalled that recently, the union of land dealers had met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, to demand that they should be allowed to start selling.
Killing pests with pesticides is easy and these pesticides are also effective.
This officer left in
Kha tyrkhongpowder           6.000                7.110                                             10.000
The purpose of the Act is also to protect, protect and preserve the flowers and even the plants.
If you buy T.1 and if you don't buy, you get T.
From 2010 to October 17, 2023, 726 cases were registered under the NDPS Act and 426 cases were prosecuted, 77 cases were investigated and 223 cases were completed. The cases are still under investigation, said Bah Tynsong.
Both the victims are from Kamrup, Assam.
The visit came after the expiry of the letter sent to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on 20th June
Thomas Passah also urged the SMB not to sit and sell land to people who have not yet received work permits and promised to investigate into the allegation that the SMB is collecting work permits. currency.
Shillong, Nailar 22: As part of the celebration of the National Sports Day, the Meghalaya government has announced that there will be a sports and fitness festival in the state from 22nd to 29th Nailar this month.
One of the elders said that those people who are in power, whether it is anyone who holds power, “Don't count the garbage, don't count the plants. spirit doesn't have a place".
On the same day, prizes were awarded to the winners of the throw and also of the competition.
Three persons have died while another escaped after an LP truck they were riding in collided with a roadside bomb at Lad Mawkhap, Pynursla on Sunday night. .
He said the MPLU will demand from the government regarding the 32 lakh tonnes of coal remaining in different parts of the state which the Supreme Court has ordered not to be shallan. all those who own coal and not to any broker or private individual who has a connection with the government.
The leader of the gang was identified as Noor Alam, who used to collect vehicles stolen from Assam and sell them to others.
Meban Shylla (21), Welbok Iawphniaw (48) and Oversharp Iawphniaw (84) scored the goals for Imson.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 21: U Bah Ardent of the Voice of People Party (VPP) on Saturday explained to the people of Ri Bhoi District at a meeting held at the Dorbar Hall, Sajer Nongpoh. Miller Basaïawmoit, President of the VPP, said that the party has not been formed just to contest elections, but as a party it has a strong foundation to serve for the people. and to speak on the issues of the people that as indigenous people, land owners should not be slaves in their own state.
In the final match, Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu beat Riatsaliya Mihmyntdu 3-0
Kisan Bareh defeated Inamul of Dastbi MMA Guwahati in the first round of the 62kg Bantam weight category at the Ground and Pound Nongpoh District Library. .
However, due to the lack of road and if they go to Mawrok for work, they have to walk for about two and a half hours and to reach Rambrai, it takes about four hours. need.
Diesel price has gone up three times and petrol price has gone up twice this time,” she said.
The ECI has appointed 21 Expenditure Observers in Meghalaya and two Special Expenditure Observers to monitor the expenditure of parties and candidates in this election.
We would like to point out that since the independence of Meghalaya, the Garo and Khasi have fought to include the language in the Khyrnit Baphra.
The lack of thought of parents to protect their children in the way of giving money is the reason why those children who are weaker in thinking become victims of these peer pressures.
The JSU urged the government to take precautionary measures as directed by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to avoid the problem and curb the spread of the disease.
“According to the information we have received, the protest was successful on the first day especially in Garo Hills,” said Bah Nongsiang.
On the part of the HNLC, we feel that the intention to promote a single foundation and create a Hindu Rastra will undermine the dignity and freedom of all religions and the impartiality of any religion in the country. government government.
To prevent the smuggling of beverages, he directed all shops and retailers not to smuggle goods or sell them and to provide goods inside their shops so that to prevent the shortage of food items and not to sell above the MRP or price within the district.
He needs the organization to open farmland, to buy mohkhiew, wait, narlyngka, sdie, buy seeds, pay bills, buy other purchases for agriculture and so on.
DCPO of Social Welfare Department, Kong ML Warjri spoke on the mental impact of children who have been abused and said that writing news about such incidents can have an impact. the minds and dignity of these children.
“We accept members appointed by the government,” he said.
Last night, Hamas fired 220 rockets and Israel fired 600 rounds with its warplanes.
If we do this without fail, the loss will be great for us and also that the life and death of the country will result in the decline and backwardness of the nation.
Conrad was speaking at the election campaign in Garo Hills on Tuesday.
When he became calmer, he came to the statement that “all Indians are Hindus” which led these intellectuals and others to condemn Bhagat's rhetoric.
There is also a severe numbness and tingling from head to toe which makes the patient unable to sleep or sit but this disease differs from one patient to another depending on the condition. your body.
“We will now announce that on the first visit of Kong Ampareen to Pynursla we will confirm that she will be the MP of the party.
At the same time, the Youth Week organized by the Sein Khynroo Shnong Dkhiah West will also be held on this day.
Through all these, it makes us wonder whether the Prime Minister has not been appointed to the Khasi Hills? The election of the Prime Minister by the members of the government by an elected MLA shows whether the leaders at that time who were elected by the people who won are not qualified to hold this position. task? The departure of leaders from one political party to another, can change be brought about through the party if the leader himself does not have a vision or purpose? Has the promise to bring about clean governance, the provision of the needs of the people whether in healthcare, education, roads, employment, etc. fulfilled the promises made? Therefore, if these things were not done by a person who promised without doing so, we would have refused and we would not have trusted him at all.
According to Bah DL Warjri, “Babu Mon Lyngdoh was the son of Riang Bareh and married to Shamai Mawrie. .
Shillong: The Executive Committee (EC) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today reinstated Freeman Sing Syiem of Sohra Hima after he was suspended for 10 months after he filed a complaint against him for issuing NoC and Patta. Majai is one of the states.
Shillong, July 13: As part of the efforts to encourage and promote the youth of Khasi cricket, the Samkhamti on Saturday (13th July) donated a jersey to the Laitkor Cricket Club.
In the final match between the two teams, the match was very friendly from the start and both teams struggled to score.
However, it was made clear that his intention should not exceed 90 days and he was not authorized to send ground troops to fight against Syria.
“If oil and gas is already available in the country we can control the price,” he added.
Guwahati: There have been 15 new cases of Covid-19 in Guwahati.
The Government has introduced the Chief Minister's Safe Motherhood Scheme to provide comprehensive health services to mothers and infants.
Shillong: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday, who is also the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills District Council (KHADC), on Tuesday, On October 1, he said that the UDP Sohiong Circle has sent the name of Bah Synsharlang Lyngdoh as its candidate for the upcoming elections for the Sohiong constituency. The UDP candidate HDR Lyngdoh (Bamkwai ha Dwar u Blei) has passed away.
Speaking to Mawphor, Gurjit Singh said that at present, the HPC has not yet informed or called for a meeting with them but the HPC will soon consider whether to accept the proposal. “In the past, Harijan has already made it clear to the government that it does not want the land because it is too crowded for 342 households,” he said.
When contacted by the Shillong Cantonment Board to inquire about the incident, it was said that the employees are no longer in the office and it is impossible to answer at present, as those in charge are not available.
The school anthem, St. Mary's Rangblang, was also performed.
The BJP has decided to block the Conrad Sangma government's plan to implement the bill, said Ernest Mawrie, President of the BJP Meghalaya Pradesh.
Jirang MDC Victor Rani, Chairman of the Union of 10 Villages, L.Lapang, doctors and nurses, elders and others were also present at the opening ceremony. Village Leaders from various villages in the Taksu area of ​​Ri Bhoi.
However, two of its MLAs have resigned and joined the NPP. In the 2023 MLA elections, the PDF has won only two MLAs, Gavin M Mylliem from Sohra and Banteidor Lyngdoh from Mawkynrew.
Shillong, July 8: U Bah Julius Dorphang, MLA Mawhati, was brought before the District & Session Judge at 2 pm today.
Chairman of the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, “At the meeting, we have already sent 61 villages and these are now being looked into by the Assam government.
The meeting focused on the introduction of changes in the working methods, to simplify and speed up the schemes.
In the Under 16 men's category, Dathrangshwamiki Shylla and Thaibiang Phawa won the Best Athlete title. Damehi Chyrmang and Wansaki Phawa won the women's category.
Although there are those who grow other types of jhur, the motor is the main one.
Rakkam in his speech said that the Christian community is proud of the great work of the Missionaries who have brought education by establishing schools and colleges across the state.
These parking lots were constructed through the 15th Finance of KHADC for the year 2020-21 at a cost of T.1.50 lakh each. young man of the village.
It will be up to the MDCs whether to oppose or accept the proposal to create a DC,” said Bah Pynshngainlang.
He also gave the example of a land belonging to the Forest Department in Polo which is still vacant and unused and has now been handed over to the Urban Development Department for the development of buildings that will be of benefit and cannot be used. do decorations and parking lots.
The President of the union, Bah Dundee C.Khongsit, said that the testing of the water after taking samples from different villages was after the union received the complaints from the residents who expressed their concerns, reluctance to drink the water distributed by the PHE and Municipal departments.
But all of you be subject one to another, and be clothed with humility: for God resisteth the proud, and giveth grace to the humble" (1 Peter 5:5).
Regarding the Veterinary Centers to treat animals, he said that the union is sending a letter to the State Government as the existing Center at Umthlong falls under East Khasi Hills and Eastern West Khasi Hills should get one. yours.
May the God of peace be with you all.
Hundreds of residents of Ri-Bhoi including children, youth and adults took part in the race which started at 6 pm.
Shillong: U Bah Anthony Nongbri on Tuesday said that he is not surprised that he has lost his ticket to the UDP as he knew it since he applied for ticket.
At the end of the match, St Dominis'c and St Edmunds scored equal points and in order to win the final decision, the referee came forward to ask a question. There is no need to answer between these two colleges, but it was found that the students of St Dominic's College did not answer immediately.
(iv) to establish a Private School Regulatory Board to protect the rights of teachers; (v) to enact laws for domestic workers; (vi) to implement laws and provide for the rights of employees. and mystery, involving foreign mercenaries.
He said that the problem of the residents has increased with the passing of the days as they are facing difficulties in coming and going due to the deterioration of the road in Narpuh.
He said that after the Indian government issued an order not to send school fees to children during the lockdown, many teachers from private schools have lost their salaries.
On the same evening, FKJGP Upper Shillong under the leadership of Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang handed over a laptop to Phibajanai Nongsiej from the same village after she graduated as a doctor. at Blackhms.
Replying to those who criticize that the formation of the Delimitation Committee is just a ploy to postpone the elections, Bah Pynïaid said, “Those who say that it is just a ploy to postpone the elections are just talk because there is no election.
“Mr Coming himself visited East and West Jaintia Hills to inspect the fish farms of the department and private individuals and found that there is hope that the fish farmers of the State can meet the demand for fish in State and not to rely on other states.
Shillong, June 27: The second phase of the NorthEast Fiesta 2017 has been held in Jalandhar, Punjab under the theme of “Celebrating Culture – Connecting People – Transforming Life”.
Matthew 24:38-39.
In order to avoid any traffic jams and tragic incidents, the District Administration of East Jaintia Hills District has requested the District Administration of neighboring districts not to allow trucks to enter East Jaintia Hills District.
The BDO of Mawkyrwat has lost the trust, love and respect of the people of Mawkyrwat.
In the past, it has led to the vendors taking advantage to increase the price of goods.
They demanded that the Minister of Social Welfare should talk to the government to exempt the employees and assistants in Aganwadis from providing Aadhar numbers while working in Aganwadis.
The curfew will start tomorrow from 6 AM and end at 6 PM on Tuesday.
It means that this Church, which exists today, is trying to walk but has been caught in the schemes of Satan, but it still needs to stand firm until Jesus comes to this world.
“I am confident that with the cooperation of the community, we will be able to curb and resolve this issue immediately and now that the POCSO Act has been translated into Khasi, we want to ensure that it reaches the villages. -the number of villages,” said the Minister.
P Syiemlieh is the Finance Secretary of Lion Sports Club while the letter demanding money is written in the name of HNLC. East Khasi Hills in Shillong.
Nongpoh: The 1st Open Ri Bhoi Futsal Tournament 2019, a football-related tournament, has been held at the Futsal Association of Ri Bhoi District. Umbuda Village Stadium.
Speaking on the occasion, the two leaders, Rani and Kharmalki, praised the BJP under the leadership of Narendra Modi.
Why are you afraid to leave? To conclude this article, I have to say: When the Corona virus came, you pastors were so afraid, and when the 666 virus came, you all pastors you have become blind.
Shillong: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has demanded that the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District should take action to abolish the kilo cut of agricultural products sold at Iewduh, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The Finance Secretary of the GNLA, Rakkam D Shira, on Saturday surrendered to the police.
Leaders of the Seinraij Jowai and the Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang have inspected the garbage dumps in Iawmusiang and found that the garbage collected from the market has collapsed which has caused a terrible smell.
Your success belongs to your community, family, country and nation.
In the women's category, Ibashongkun Kurbah won first place, Laaihun Hoojon won second place and Nerisa Nongrum won third place.
Pynïaid said that every time when other political parties hold election campaign rallies, they urge their supporters to be respectful but the incident happened on the evening of On the 8th of June 2024, it will reveal to the world who started to insult and persecute our people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: U Conrad K Sangma, MP from Tura constituency and President of the NPP, has strongly criticized the state government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma. He said that the government has the funds to do many charitable projects, but it does not have the funds for the more important projects. activity.
Secretary MCA, Bah Paiadaohi Lhuid President JHCA, Bah K.Pajat General Secretary MCA, Rijied Katrai Organizing Secretary, Farida Khan Principal, Mothers School Th.
In these days, there have also been accusations against the VPP for trying to change the Reservation Policy.
“Every time the officials pass by the area but they don't have eyes, every time we visit the area with the officers to repair it, but when we report it, it stops. only to those above.
On the other hand, the HYC Malki Circle congratulates the CEO of Shillong Municipal Board for taking the initiative to send his staff to clean up the area. .
The Economic Power of Care.
“The railway will not bring in people to migrate to the state as the government has taken appropriate measures in this regard,” he said.
Speeches were also delivered by the village headmen of Kamrup District, in which they said that the Khasi, Garo, Rabha Boro and other ethnic groups living in the area, if they receive information that The Assam government has an intention to forcibly build this power project.
At the end of the match, Nongbri Brothers Football Club won prizes and a cash prize of T.3 lakh. Se Lajong Football Club won the trophy and cash prize of T.1.30 lakh.
“We will inform the Central Government about the need for us to have our own national anthem because we don't understand a single word of the national anthem of India and at the same time this song has been written. Rabindranath Tagore did not include us.
The meeting was conducted by KSU General Secretary Lenningard Tariang.
Rahul, who had earlier extended his support to the former Maharashtra Chief Minister after the NCP split from Ajit, went to meet him at his residence.
Friend United CC beat Laitjem CC by 98 runs to tie the match.
“On the JJM Portal, the situation regarding the availability of drinking water through the water supply connection as well as the water from the outlets has been marked 'Yes'
Several authors have also contributed to the publication of this book.
No he replied because he had a special need.
He said that this is a threat in this age and the residents should not remain silent about this.
This came after he finished sixth in the Silesian Diamond League.
The storm, which came with heavy rainfall, has caused severe damage in Langpih, Tynghor, Umyiap and other neighboring villages.
Shillong: This evening, the KSU Mawprem Circle along with the KSU Upper Shillong Circle conducted raids in Jhalupara and Cantonment Areas in which they were able to nab around 10 Drug users.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The issue of Uranium Road in South West Khasi Hills has become increasingly tense and two groups have emerged to strengthen their position.
The Dorbar Shnong Loompyrdi Iongpiah has released the lucky draw tickets for the year 2021 on Tuesday.
As part of raising awareness among the students, he said that the education of the children should have a goal like a train should reach its destination and also that the children should reach the goal. of success in their lives.
However, since she received her Aadhaar card, all the offices have recognized her.
“Therefore, according to the proposal of the MLA, I will allocate the funds for the construction of the Willamnagar Track and Field Mini Stadium”.
Without forgiveness, they take away the soul of man.
The polling in 59 constituencies on Monday went smoothly and as of 5 pm, the turnout across the state was 74.32 percent.
Seven people were killed in the incident including the owner of a dhaba who was shot dead.
SHILLONG: Young Samuel Priest; Shillong Lajong has been selected for the Indian Football Team announced by the AIFF for the AFC U-23 Championship Qualifier to be held in Uzbekistan from 22-26 October
These words are clear and true (Luke 14:24).
Shillong, Naiwieng: The Education Branch of the Kur Soo Kpoh Khadar Wyrnai Jowai will award prizes to those children of the Kur who have passed well in various examinations for the year 2020, 2021 and
Police have arrested the driver and registered a case against him.
Chesan Ch Marak, 30, of Chandmari, Tura, who works as a Technical Assistant of MGNREGA in Gambegre Block, has been appointed as the Second Polling Officer of Jangrapara Polling Station in Tikrikilla.
Shillong, July 28: UDP Leader Bah Bindo M Lanong on Tuesday expressed his regret over the stinginess of other political parties to attend the meeting to discuss the issue affecting the Rangbah Shnongs. The High Court of Meghalaya has issued a notice.
He said the success of Aditya-L1 is related to the success of the Chandrayaan-3 mission.
Rescue teams are searching for bodies trapped in the rubble of collapsed houses in Morocco after a massive earthquake struck on Tuesday. However, it was said that the death toll and the number of injured have increased as the number of injured has increased.
The statement of the BJP Meghalaya leaders that the central government has sent us to choose whether we want ILP or the Sixth Schedule, shows that they have no responsibility at all for their state.
Expressing its gratitude to him for taking responsibility for this matter, the Union also demanded that the management of the club should apologize to Tailin and the people of Meghalaya. the General Secretary, R.L.
For South Tura, Charlotte W Momin, former Principal of Tura Government Public School, filed her nomination papers today, while Conrad Sangma has already filed his nomination papers a few days ago.
The song was sung by Ram Suchiang and was attended by Khasi singers including John Rani, Meda Basaiamoit, Shai Wahlang and Ibalucky Sad.
“Recently, the government in June has decided to implement this new scheme in the state.
It is in recent times that Bangladesh has become a hub for shñiuh trade and from this country these shñiuh have been exported to China and Taiwan. peace in Myanmar.
Nongpdeng beat Metallica by three wickets in the first innings.
“There is not a single complaint before us, which shows that this Act is beneficial to the farmers.
When shall we have understanding and unity?
From the start of the first minute, Iawren had more opportunities to score and in the 15th minute, Iawren gave the club a beautiful goal from Marbarin Nongrum.
“On our part, we have requested the Minister to turn first to Iooksi PHC for the upgradation to CHC,” said Landarson.
Lajong have already played two matches against Kolkata-based United Sports Club in the first match where Lajong drew 1-1 in Shillong, and in the first leg, Lajong drew 1-1 Lajong beat United Sports Club 2-1 in the second match of the tournament in Kolkata on 24th June.
The road to this city has also been blocked.
The History of the Church - Pages: 37-38, 214-215, 209-2
The union has also written to the Directors to call for a public announcement so that the voters can know regarding the vacancies.
“I feel that the PDF should congratulate the ARPA for fighting against the government and it is like opening the way for the PDF to form an Executive Committee through this special session as demanded by the ARPA. ARPA,” said Mr. Basaiawmoit.
Khliehriat, Naitung 20 : The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS today announced a project known as Lost to Follow Up (LFU). 241 residents of East Jaintia Hills District, who are HIV positive, have been referred to the Antiretroviral Therapy Treatment Centre, to prevent the spread of HIV/AIDS. The project will be implemented by the Meghalaya State Network of Positive People (MSNPP).
It is learned that while these protests are going on, the Ministers in the Seng Riewlum have become increasingly afraid of being removed from the post of Minister.
He said that in the elections there will always be allegations but the people are wise and see what the leaders are doing for the constituency and the people.
Who will judge? Who will get it? Long questions that do not have time to answer.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of Mawkhlam-Nongpyndeng, Bah Balentin Sohlang, the Secretary of the Village, the Secretary of the Village, the President of the NSS&CC, the President of the NSS&CC, Bah Jovialroy Diengdoh. NSS&CC, Bah CP Byrsat, students, elders and others.
This tied the match 2-2 and this goal encouraged the team to play harder.
Two persons who tried to blow up a toll gate in Hynniawmer, Ialong have been arrested by the East and West Jaintia Hills District Police on Tuesday.
Shillong, Nailar 31: After the construction and maintenance of the Tourism Promoters Trekking Society (TPTS) Wahkhen, Wahkhen has decided to reopen the footpath through the siej bridges to Mawryngkhang. ha Wahkhen from 10th November 2022 onwards so that tourists from all over India and also from other countries of the world will have the opportunity to visit and see this mawbah mawsan which has been he was also known as the king of the mawbah mawsan since ancient times.
In the final match of the day, Daistong SC beat Sohiong FC 1-0. Dame Tariang scored the first goal of the match.
He said that the District Council has issued an order to implement this road and if the KHADC has already improved this road, if the garbage from Marten will fall on the road the Department of Development will take over. will have to be responsible for this.
Bah Banteidor was supported by a strong team of sports authorities.
The cultivation of Kait, Sohtrun, Sohphan and other varieties of Soh is also good and brings benefits to this village and area but many villagers and neighbors have not taken action without any guidance and training.
The most interesting match will be on Friday between Mawlai Sports Club and Ryntih SC. At present, Mawlai is at the top of the table. Ryntih has 12 points while Ryntih is currently in second place with 9 points.
India are currently ranked 106th in the FIFA rankings, while Myanmar and Kyrgyz Republic are ranked 159th and 94th respectively.
Kong Kmoiñ Wahlang suffers from gastric disease and the doctors have advised her to exercise as that is the only way to cure the disease.
This is a question that will have to be asked to the future generations in this age of culture and culture of other nations.
“The COVID-19 pandemic has increased and spread rapidly with the passing of the days and we all must follow the directions of the government and the health department to overcome the disease,” said Mukhim.
Rupang has also learned that the rain has flooded roads in many parts of the country.
The President of AMMPWA said that the government's silence to resolve this issue will affect the implementation of the Malaria Control Program especially at the beginning of the summer season.
Speaking on the issues, First June said, “On the hostel industry, we demand improvements in the provision of good food, wifi and other necessities for the safety and security of the hostel. for the convenience of all hostel residents".
“On 17 June, Narendra Modi at a meeting held at Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi, affirmed that Article 25 of the Constitution, which provides for freedom of worship, practice and propagation of religion, according to the will of the individual.
Shillong, March 7 : The Working President of the Congress Congress, Bah Pynshngainlang N Syiem on Tuesday said that the four Congress MLAs have not given any sign that they will return to the party. Congress will not accept them.
Ferrando did not escape the government's invitation.
I ate and drank and was satisfied there, but with a chain on my right foot.
Speaking to Rupang by telephone, Manstudy said the reason for his departure from the Congress party was because of his close friendship with Renikton.
He added that the government has already selected many places including the Meghalaya Secretariat to be converted into parking lots.
The land purchased by anyone, if it has not been inherited, shall be inherited by the last children and if it dies without children, it shall be inherited by the guardians of the funeral.
However, this is not a force for those who do not believe in the Lord Jesus Christ as God.
Khliehriat, July 12: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District, from time to time, has expressed its concern and anger over the negligence of the Border Security Force (BSF) troops who used to patrol the Sonapyrdi Bridge, in a statement. The union has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner on the 9th of this month, demanding the immediate withdrawal of these troops from the Sonapyrdi Bridge and also from Ratacherra.
If this law does not come into force, we as a nation will not be affected.
At the same time, he urged and encouraged the parents to encourage their children to go to school because it is necessary. Parents cannot send their children to school because of poverty. This is wrong because in this age, schools have become more numerous. and 4 hours to reach educational institutions.
Delhi jail officials on Tuesday clarified the AAP's allegation that Manish Sisodia was kept in jail with dangerous robbers.
Shillong, Naitung, 14: The MDA government is committed to relieve the residents of the villages from the difficulty of filling their homes with water as they have to fetch water from far away to get water.
Righteousness and truth,in fact, are gods.
“It is a small initiative, which has been going on for more than 60 years, who started this school in collaboration with other elders from this village to set up a school to help the people of this village. “It's still dark,” he said.
Four students of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) were injured in an attack by a group of people outside the campus on Monday night.
in the law of the world it is not right in God's sight.
Shillong, June 26 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the construction of the Medical College in Tura is in progress.
But do you believe or don't you believe that it is a religious dance with prayer? Therefore, if someone puts a placard with the words of the name on the altar of Jesus or just on your Christmas tree, it doesn't matter to you, don't you look for that perpetrator? I don't have anything. ban Ong One thing, before you despise Jesus, seek Him with all your heart, and you will find Him.
B.Nguefang (18', 84') and Jerry Shylla (31') and Sani Phawa (64').
In 2013, out of 26786 voters in this constituency, 23981 voters turned out to cast their votes and the percentage turnout was 89.53%.
Besides the residents, other trade unions have also lodged an FIR with the Tinsukia police.
These Jewish people have become despised by the peoples of the world, especially the Arabs.
Negative: is a light-emitting object in which the light entering the object is to create a still image of any part that has been exposed in order to absorb light as required.
It is true that the NPP has expressed its opposition to the bill of its friend the BJP, but we don't see that it will speak on the ILP which has been demanded by the people of the country. The people of the city of Hynniewtrep.
Continuing the match in the second half, Shillong Lajong started to use their skills with the encouragement of thousands of fans who came to witness.
Shillong, Nailur, 30: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) Youth Wing on Thursday strongly condemned the statement by the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) leader Dr. Mohan Bhagwat that all residents of the villages Hindus in India during his recent visit to Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), one of the allies in the MDA government, has announced its candidate for the Lok Sabha elections.
The Raid Nonglyngdoh consists of six Kurs, the Lyngdoh Kur as the Raid Lyngdoh, the Maring Kur (Khon Jing) as the Sad Syiem, the Lapang Kur as Kongsan Lapang, the Nongkyum Kur as the Doloi, the Makri Kur as the Doloi. Mazi and the Nongshli Kur as pator on the 6th of this month held another annual Shad Sajer which was held at the Law Kyntang of the Raid Nonglyngdoh near Mawjong.
According to Bah Latiplang, the Council is not against the development projects brought by the government like NREGS, PMAY, and others from the Block because the aim is to develop the villagers who do not violate the rights of the Dorbars. However, the Gram Sabha does not recognize the Dorbar Shnongs, it comes from the Panchayat Raj where anyone can become a member of the Gram Sabha.
Despite various accusations (some from the government accusing them of being terrorists and backed by China and Pakistan), these farmers persisted in their protest.
Any child who is a citizen of India and residing in India, who has not exceeded the age of 18 years (by the last date for submission of proposals) is eligible for this prize.
“She said that the Miss Living Roots is in line with the circumstances of the region.
On the other hand, KSU Ladrymbai Unit General Secretary Chanky Shylla and KSU Ladrymbai Unit President Samla Kyrshan Dkhar have suggested to the Traffic Cell Department to curb the traffic jam in the district headquarters and market. Ladrymbai PWD has issued an advisory or order to remove empty trucks from the Ladrymbai PWD bypass road to avoid morning traffic jam in Ladrymbai and Khliehriat.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of State and Spokesperson of the MDA-II Government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the salary increase is through the increase in the Grant-in-aid. The salary of all teachers in Pre-Primary Schools in the State has been increased from T.12,000 per month to T.18,000 per month.
The incident happened at 2.50 pm this morning, when five robbers entered the house of Etwilthon D Sangma and robbed the residents of the house. They abducted the teacher and fled to Bangladesh.
The Telangana government has changed the Reservation Policy in just eight years because the Tribals have increased more than eight years ago.
Bah Hek praised the work of the Red Cross Society which has contributed to serve the community especially the sick.
Kuroiler chickens were also distributed to 100 beneficiaries.
Shillong, July 10: After the Media Cell of the HSPDP told reporters that the support of the PDF by the MDCs of the HSPDP is only to remove Bah HS Shylla from the post of Chief Executive Member of the party. The UDP has also responded to the statement of the HSPDP leaders by saying that it is not a threat to the jaitbynriew as the HSPDP has claimed but it is a threat to the people. The President of the HSPDP, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, has said that Singh's house in Nongkrem has been destroyed.
The tournament was organized by the North East Cricket Development Committee.
Others who donated were the Chief Guest of the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem and on his part he promised that the KHADC will donate 20 lakh tyngka.
Shillong, November 07: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has sent a notice to the Mylliem Hima Office to inform that it has received the resignation letter of Pa'iem Latho M.Syiem. suspended on complaints.
Hundreds of truck drivers on Saturday blocked the road to demand the release of the arrested truck drivers. You must send a guard immediately to this place.
The group, which was established in 2005 by 17 residents of Mawpat, has been selected by the government to operate the SPTS and SSPTS buses in 2011.
“What have you done here, you have killed people,” said the elders.
“Health starts with cleanliness at home, in the villages and in the community and so on in the community and this is what makes the citizens of the state healthy.
Besides Mr. Winning, SBI Raliang Branch Manager Hamly Dkhar, VEC Secretary Kamdathmu Suchiang and VEC Secretary Kamdathmu Suchiang also gave a detailed explanation on the Covid-19 vaccine from the Nurses of Laskeiñ CHC. this day with short drama performances and other entertainment programmes.
The ISSF World Rifle/Pistol Cup in Bhopal will see the participation of 198 shooters from around the world including prominent shooters who have won Olympic and world medals.
This decision was announced by the Director of NEIGRIHMS Dr. Nalin Mehta at a meeting with the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) at the hospital.
Paul said the government will seek the assistance of Prof David Syiemlieh to provide the documents of Tirot Singh Syiem to know from the date of his arrest, the date of his arrest. he died in London to be memorialized in the IGCC Library.
With the CCTV/cameras and staff already in place, we expect this system will not only reduce traffic congestion but also ensure the safety of children attending school".
In the survey conducted by the leaders of the community, none of the other parties were mentioned and what is more surprising is that even the BJP has been rejected as well.
When asked by the journalists to explain better, he denied, but apologized for his mistake.
Marshal Biam was the chief guest, Manbha Kyndoh Dolloi Narpuh District was the chief guest and N Laloo DFO Wildlife was the special guest.
In this regard, the Congress party has criticized the Prime Minister, accusing him of touching the feelings of his followers regarding the religious beliefs by taking the words Lord Hanuman and the Bajrang Dal, and demanded an apology from him.
On the other hand, Bah V.Byrsat, Founder of COLKS, said that so far in the field of Food Processing, 27 youths have been trained and trained. Through this programme, syrnot was also distributed to these youths.
He said a meeting was held between the DGPs of Assam and Meghalaya on the border and after the meeting, the DGP of Meghalaya said that the Assam government would not arrest these men but would prosecute them.
Warjri said that the time is too short for the beef vendors to say anything on this issue, but “When it is time we will see,” said Renik Warjri.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Chancellor of USTM, Mahbubul Hoque, Vice Chancellor, Prof. GD Sharma, Prof. (Dr.) Pranabjyoti. Baishya, Principal, Govt.
Besides the speeches, there were also dances and songs, drill displays by the students.
When asked, the Prime Minister said it is necessary for the leaders of the Punjab government who have expressed that on their part, they will take action on this issue. Your land is not given to the government of Mylliem.
Speaking to media, Minister of State, James K Sangma said that after the government has approved the Meghalaya Lottery Regulation Rule 2019, it is up to the Taxation Department to take the necessary action. begin again this work of cleansing.
Shillong, July 27: Dr. Rankio Wankhar, DHS (MI), Shillong, Shillong, has lodged a complaint with the Police for allegedly failing to keep the documents related to the allegation of misuse of the documents. purchased medicine in 2003 but it was destroyed due to misplacement and could not be found.
The opposition of the KSU and the 7 Shnongs is also well-founded because they too have the right to have a clean environment because the garbage dumping in this area has been excessive which goes beyond the government's rules and regulations. bread.
Shillong, March 6: The Khasi news, which the public used to see along with the pictures, was seen only in the urban areas but many of the rural people did not have the opportunity to watch these news because there is no cable. Many of those who wanted to see the Khasi news came to Shillong to watch it.
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association in collaboration with the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs will organize the marathon.
KSU Mawtngam, KSU South West Khasi Hills District and KSU Mawkyrwat Circle together with several elders have decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issue. They cannot take the time to do it themselves by contributing to the construction of the remaining 1400 meters (1.4 km) road.
Shillong: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Latiplang Kharkongor today said that more than 100 files related to the trade department have been lost.
The Union is surprised that there are 2 fish ponds, because since ancient times there has been no thwei sharei which is a Reserve & Preserve for the entire Umngot River.
We would like to inform you that this is the oldest government college in Jaintia Hills, but his speech to express his concern for the college does not fit at all with his work and this college has been neglected by the government. .
However, what is clear is that the debt is in the thousands of crores of rupees and can reach tens of billions of rupees.
In the first innings, the AJCA girls allowed the girls of Ri Bhoi to score 168 runs for five wickets in 29 overs.
Mariamma Thomas is a 1994 batch officer of the Indian Postal Service and has worked in Karnataka, Kerala, Telangana, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu and Goa.
“Therefore, what they have done, no previous government has done in the past years, no leader in the past years has done,” he added.
However, as we can see now, the NPP under the leadership of Conrad K. Sangma has forgotten this issue even though it was one of the issues that won Purno the election in
“In these days I have said that Dr. Mukul Sangma is the most corrupt prime minister in India and I have tried to talk to him, but in the midst of these trials I have not dared and he has sent a message to Congress Leader Rajaul Karim Laskar, on the other hand, has spoken out against corruption and has spoken out against the minorities of the country. I welcome your invitation,” said Lotha.
In the judgment we see a lack.
Amit Shah will inaugurate and lay the foundation stone of seven leading projects in Mizoram.
The KSU's protest came after other groups had already expressed their protest in the past.
Nongpoh, Lber 26: The District Election Officer, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh has informed all the voters of the district about the Home Voting Facility.
It is true that the preaching is still going on, the proclamation of that coming Kingdom, but what remains is only a little before the coming of the Great Tribulation and its symbols are now present.
The first members were supposed to have left for Nagaland on 17th July to be trained by NSCN teachers. However, it was found that the chairman of the NSCN is only a schoolboy.
Shillong, Lber 8: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Saturday announced that he will soon resign from the post of CEM. Speaking to reporters, he said that the ARPA has accepted his decision to resign from the post of CEM and hand it over to other members of the ARPA. ARPA will not accept your place.
At the same time, it was said that the Income Tax will not affect those who deposit less than T.2.50 lakh and also those farmers who have deposited a lot of money at home in the past years if they come to deposit now. they must tell the truth.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, has informed that the plastic manufacturers, plastic transporters, plastic distributors and users of plastic bags should not use those types of plastic bags. it should be 120 microns.
He said that under the social agreement, the DNLA members have agreed to refrain from violence, have surrendered all their weapons and disbanded their armed groups.
Forms can be obtained from this office during office hours.
The 25-year-old midfielder led FC Goa to the ISL League Shield in the 2019-20 season before leaving the reserves for Goa. Professional League.
Members of the Lawei phyrnai, have reportedly threatened to blow up bombs at various schools in Shillong, in the past few days, where they have announced that they intend to blow up. bombs at the MBOSE office, Shillong, St Anthony's High School, Shillong and other places.
As I have already told you, now we will sit on our side and we will decide whom to work with this time.
Condoms help prevent the entry of HIV/AIDS into the body and also help prevent premature or unwanted pregnancy and also prevent the spread of the disease. He said that if people who get this disease through STIs and treat them properly there is still a way to cure but those who do not take action cannot be cured at all. spirit yes.
Police have registered a case against Lucas Rymbai under PS Case No. 135 (5) 14 U/s 506 Ipc.
We must love ourselves first and no matter what happens we must fight to preserve and support physically and spiritually our own parties of the Hynniew-Trep people which has no conflict with other people and that is the only thing we must do. get to hold power.
Mawkriah West SC beat Pommura SC 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
Replying to his confidence to win the election, Bah Laloo said that as candidates we are confident because the decision belongs to the people.
The Government has decided to resume operations of government offices and urged all government employees to arrive at their workplaces from 15th June
The anger of the pastors is justified, because Bah Dmikstar has used harsh words.
Sanitization by MARCOs has confirmed absence of the hijackers.
In the midst of a mass gathering in front of magistrates and police chiefs in Motphran, many people died after being beaten, until they spoke out against the government for not showing them mercy. I'm going to work every day.
On the 30th November 1862, the Dolloi of Khad-Ar, Woh Kiang Nangbah, was hanged.
Nongpoh: It is sad to see the plight of the people in Umling Umsarang village, which is also located near the office of the Block Development Officer at Umling, Ri Bhoi District.
The union said that this rally is only a small beginning and if the government remains silent, the union will not hesitate to intensify the protests until the demands are met. They will succeed even if they have to do things that are against the Government because the Government has taken too stingy on corruption.
In this regard, through Rangbah Thepmon Khonglah and some of the elders of Hingria Village, they extend a special invitation to Ma Marshal who has been willing to donate without hesitation. You are happy without having to worry about anything at this time.
He said that Mukul Sangma is one of the people who has been against ILP from the beginning and his position is still unknown.
Other reports said that Kunal Ghosh, former Trinamool MP, arrived in Shillong on Friday and was questioned by the CBI. Force (SF)-10, has been guarding the CBI office in Shillong, to avoid any unknown incident.
I will fulfill it and the Government will do what it has promised”.
Therefore, it is time for the intellectuals to speak to the youth and teach them the path they should take whether it is in education, agriculture or employment, so that as young men, they will see the light and cast out the powers of darkness.
Let us be united with all the believers in Christ.
He said that now the children of the country have become different compared to the past when education and morality have improved in all aspects.
“It was she who taught me about the importance and value of the market, that she launched this program “Ka Pla ïew”.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung, 13: The National People's Party Youth Front (NPPYF) has expressed its pride for the emergence of talented youth in the region and in Meghalaya as a whole. The 48th National Aquatic Championship Junior Category will be held at Biju Patniak Swimming Pool-cum-Sports Complex. Kalinga Stadium, Bhubaneswar, Odisha from 16 to 20 November
There is no problem for tourists to do this but those who do not intend to return, how to fill in the date of departure and how to do the Acknowledgment.
The seizure of the drugs was made in collaboration with the Police after receiving a tip through the intelligence agencies.
Bn NDFBF/S, Bolashi Boro Commanding Officer of 13th Bn along with two members including Gambor Gayari and Deimalu Basumatary.
The Committee has sent its report on the Bill to the Executive Committee and after receiving the report, it has considered it and now it has brought the Bill back to the House after several presentations. the provisions of this Bill.
There are 22,658 voters over 80 years of age.
HDR also congratulated the Cooperation Department for taking these milestones to promote tourism in the state, because only the leader and the state cannot do without our cooperation. I would like to thank the Mawphanlur Cooperative for taking this responsibility and as the saying goes, help yourself and you will be helped. She has not come forward to meet with the relevant department. We don't know but her presence has prompted the state labor department to provide the necessary assistance for them. .
The CPC meeting held on the 26th of this month also requested all Hindu places of worship to install CCTV cameras in their private places of worship for the purpose of monitoring and preventing such incidents. future events that may be triggered by those who oppose social peace.
This is a path that we can sit down and look into but as I said, there are also areas that affect the budget and the supervisory authority because of the need for people”.
The rise of the Ganga and Sharda rivers continues in Uttar Pradesh and at the same time, the road passing through UP and Haryana has been closed for four days.
The Shad Suk Mynsiem will last for 3 days and will end on the 12th of this month.
Walking for about 20 minutes a day improves all aspects of health.
These poor houses have been built by the government in Umbuda village, especially for the poor and those who live in the villages under the Nongpoh Town Committee, but the villages outside Nongpoh. Town Committee, they have no right to go looking for land to live in these Government houses.
Besides, in other villages across the district where the damage has been severe due to the heavy rain, but at the time of writing of this news, no detailed figures or information have been received.
And Peter put them all forth, and kneeled down, and prayed; and turning to the body said, Tabitha, arise. And she opened her eyes: and when she saw Peter, she sat up, and sat down. And it became known throughout all Joppa;
“However, the Forest Department officials have said that we have to wait for a few days to continue the mining,” said Kong Khonglah.
They were taken to Nongstoin Civil Hospital for treatment.
Referring to the announcement by the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma that there will be seven AITC MLAs to contest from the NPP, Dr Mukul said, “Even if he announces so, there will be many MLAs. The NPP will contest from other parties because that is the truth and I know such MLAs”.
Shafi Wani and Tika Khan have been charged by the NIA in connection with the murder of a Jammu-Kashmir policeman and the forcible release of Pakistani LeT militant Naveed Jatt. by shooting at a group of police officers.
Cannes 2023 is one of the festivals that has brought together film stars from all over the world as well as directors, filmmakers and producers. Bollywood has sent several film stars to take part in the festival and also produced and released several films at the festival.
In a statement, AJYWO President MH Dkhar warned that if the government does not listen to the demands of the Sengbhalang, in the coming days, they will prepare for stronger protests.
The three suspects were identified as Simon Momin (18), Chonseng Marak (19) and Heff. Momin, (17 years old).
To know how far the construction of the college has progressed, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, visited the Model Degree College and according to him, the college has been built. Through the funding from the Rashtriya Uchchatar Shiksha Abiyan, at a cost of T.11 crore, the college will provide training in three streams, namely Science, Maths and Arts.
(4) To encourage the indigenous people to engage in self-employment and to issue trading licenses to foreigners only in those types of trade in which the indigenous people are not yet skilled.
Modi said there should be development but there should also be preservation of customs and traditions.
“The orders issued by this court from time to time have shown that the current illegal mining has been going on since 2016, despite the orders of the Supreme Court. and the National Green Tribunal, which banned illegal coal mining, is with the support of the government.
The Manipur government on Friday acknowledged that peace and order in the state has been maintained, despite many incidents.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (East Khasi Hills) has announced that all ration shops will be open today from 9 am to 5 pm.
Members of the HYC left the Mawiong COVID check point at 12.45 pm on 21st July 2020 until the vehicles were collected from the DC's office.
They were taken to Garobadha Primary Health Center Hospital but two of them sustained serious injuries.
Dauruhi and Pale also won the top scorer award after scoring 10 goals this season.
The incident happened in 2014, when Bhaskar Jadhav, Police Sub-Inspector (PSI), went to buy ice cream for his son at a restaurant.
Vietnamese authorities said they rescued about 70 people and 54 others were taken to hospitals, including the 12 dead.
After the blood transfusion, she had to be taken back to the Operation Theater (OT) and Ganesh Das's doctors started to clean her birthplace.
“As MLAs, what do they do in the constituency, I always tell my fellow MLAs to be with the people to understand their needs, if you are with them you will understand their needs and they can help them. , through schemes from the government.
“It will depend on the working methods of the new CEM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum,” he said. “If it is only a one-day protest, it doesn't matter, because the Dkhars will come back. same.
This scheme is called Solid and Liquid Waste Management (SLWM).
According to the source, the cow disease has started spreading rapidly in the Jaidoh area and the death of cows has started spreading to the other areas. Foundation.
At the time of writing, the traffic jam is still strong and it can be seen that it has almost reached Sanmer.
In an interview with Euronews, she said that the boy used to spend a lot of time playing on the computer and in this way he went to the shops and bought food. At first, she said, she brought the pizza to her house, but later on, she bought it. other materials, which are more expensive and diverse.
“In the past five years, we have tried on our part to help promote sports and also the infrastructure that goes hand in hand with sports.
The union said that it will investigate into the matter and directs all foreigners who have obtained a trading license to bring a copy of the license outside the shop when they appear. Thomas Passah, President of KHNAM State Youth Wing.
After a while, Saiden scored the fourth goal through Eiladki in the 52nd minute.
Mukesh said he believed that there was a collaboration between the ANVC-B and the United Achik Liberation Army (UALA) in order to carry out various insurgency activities in Garo Hills.
Through this new skill, these nurses will be able to work in hospitals and other health facilities in Japan.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated and handed over the first 5 Star Hotel in the state, the Taj Vivanta, at Khyndailad, Shillong.
“I'm still thinking that I should take measures to protect myself and my family,” said Bah Shanbor. “Yes, you should seek help, because as far as I know, it's not easy. You walk and stand even at home, because perhaps when that time comes, you will face trouble.
Shillong, November 8: “If there is no Aadhar, we will not get any documents,” said the Maharaj, who runs the Ram Krishna School in Sohra.
According to a statement, some of the coal miners in Nongstoin area have expressed their happiness after reading in the newspapers about the release of coal although it is only four. month.
Meghalaya is one of the states with the highest number of people addicted to beer, cigarettes, tobacco and also the state with the highest number of people suffering from tuberculosis due to alcohol consumption. secret, different.
The Word of God warns against this generation which is pursuing the fame, glory, power and wealth of the world, because these are the last days. wisdom, the mighty man shall not glory in his strength, neither shall the rich man glory in his riches.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to a question on why the meeting was held on Sunday as Meghalaya is a state with many Christians who need to go to church.
When we were growing up, we used to say that we should not turn away from the elderly and our parents.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday said that he cannot say anything on the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) at present because he does not know what it is and what it contains. an.
In the event that the pump needs to be built or repaired the well should not be left uncovered.
It also refers to the lack of knowledge of the stars of the country (athletes) who have brought fame and glory to the country and the nation who deserve to receive fame and glory according to their good deeds. to promote our Khasi Jaintia people to other peoples in India and the world as a whole.
Opening the meeting, Andrew Shullai congratulated the nurses who have organized such a meeting in order to improve their skills as nurses.
It is illegal to mislead readers/viewers and 100 out of 100, news must contain the truth that no one can deny.
At RC Eve School, Tina Lakiang, Secretary SMC gave the opening remarks while Samla Esalanmidaka Lyngdoh, Superintendent Children's Home, Jowai and Panbiang Kyndiah, Yoga Teacher gave explanations on Yoga and how to benefit from Yoga.
The match between Lion SC and Tpeppale ended 1-1
In response to these incidents, UNCFNEI has appealed to the faithful to continue to hold prayers for peace and tranquility in unity, Brooks said.
DC and DSO of WKHD on board the boat driven by trained youth: RupangThe training programme, which lasted for six months at Pheinam Beach, ended yesterday. Nine youths from three villages including Dilingiem, Nongkhnum and Diengsyiang villages near Nongkhnum Village, have received full training along with syrnod in connection with this. Kayaking and Rafting.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC-CEC) in a letter sent to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, on Tuesday said that after seeing in the media regarding the The inquiry report into the shooting death of Bah Cheris Terfiled Thangkhiew has been submitted to the Office of the Chief Minister for consideration and action according to the law as approved by the Inquiry Commission.
CHILDLINE Nongpoh is an office that provides special and emergency protection for any children under the age of 18 years who are suffering from suffering, illness, rape, child abuse and others by calling the free phone number
However, the efforts of groups or individuals to write these slogans “No ILP No Cabinet” have been in vain as the district authorities to please the ministers have sent away these slogans or slogans against the government.
“What will happen if we give the jait kpa, the husband in the household will become the father and mother at the same time and this is against the customs and traditions of the Khasi,” said Dr Donkupar.
In another development, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MLA Alexander L Hek said the BJP welcomes all those who want to join the BJP. they should not impose any condition before merging.
The Dorbar Shnong of Lakroh, Satpator District, West Jaintia Hills District has lodged a complaint against two leaders of the EJNC, Sambormi Lyngdoh and Ency Shadap, HANM East leader. Jaintia Hills on allegation that they forcibly entered the village and spoke rudely to the village leaders and VDPs.
In addition, the famine that occurred in the land made life so miserable that Elisha performed a miracle to multiply and fill the woman's jars of oil and to deliver her from the flood. death and famine (2 Kings 4:1-7).
However, to their husbands, so that they can come to an understanding and live in peace as a family.
He said that one of the reasons for the decline of the jaitbynriew is the corruption in the state. He promised that if the people support him, he will not eat and he will not allow others to do so. One of his dreams is to protect the border of the state, which has deprived many people especially those who live in the area. border.
Inspecting the working methods at Mawphlang, Bah SK Sun congratulated the PHE Engineers who were present on the occasion under the leadership of Chief Engineer Bah SK Blah and also congratulated M/S Tantia. Construction Limited, the company implementing the GSWS Project, said that the complaint of Bah SK Sun is because he found that the working methods there have not gone smoothly according to his expectations during his tenure as Chief. Engineer but transferred elsewhere.
Bah Sam and Kong Christabel have warned these undocumented foreigners to leave for their villages and not to continue their work. factories in the area to provide the documents within six months and if they find out later they will take strict action against them.
Speaking to U Nongsaiñ Hima, Bah Rudi said that according to the current situation, the youth in fact have more and more opportunities to get information and it has made it easier for them in terms of education due to the availability of technology.
He stressed that even in this era of new technologies, the availability of technologies has not affected the work of the Ïing Dak and they are still one of the ways for the people to they are still trusted especially when it comes to sending goods from one place to another.
When asked whether there has been any peace talks with the village regarding the incident , Iba said that until now there has been no peace talks with the village. “The village council has never called for talks with them. She said that peace may come later but “the sohkhliang will not stop,” said Ibajanai. after the opening of a meeting held at Shillong Press Club today.
Similarly, youths from West Garo Hills and South Garo Hills will have to report to Tura, while those from East Garo Hills and North Garo Hills will have to report to Williamnagar.
The CEM has been in charge of Finance, General Administration, Posting and Transfer, Establishment and other departments which have not been allocated to other EMs. Elaka, Law and Legal, Grace Mary Kharpuri is in charge of Market, Council Market and Other Markets and Information Technology.
The HITO has lodged a complaint against this man after they found that the landslide has caused too much damage to the road and disrupted the traffic of the people from Narbong, Umjojwa and other villages. others in the area.
This means that God has a heavenly house that was not made by human hands, but by the hand of God.
Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah MDC Pynshngain N Syiem said that although the candidates from Pynthorumkhrah Constituency are strong candidates, he has prepared well.
As the election in Sohiong constituency has been postponed due to the death of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, the UDP candidate, the inspection of the documents has been conducted only for the nomination papers of the UDP candidate Bah Synshar.
Uranium cannot be mined like stone, shyiap or coal. Only the Government of India, through the Automatic Minerals Division (AMD) can take over this task because Uranium is a type of mineral. which looks like granite) which is longer and more dangerous to human life, if not carefully considered according to the rules laid down by the government authorities.
Meanwhile, the participants who will perform on the second day will include American singer 'NE-YO', Meba Ofilia, Pink Panda, Snow White, Rahul Rajkhowa, Street Stories – Banjop, Empirical Tribe – Tenny, Zethan , Ricaa Stella and Banker Kharkongor.
There have been 78,512 new cases of corona virus in India, bringing the total number of cases to 36,21,2
But the idol could not speak.
He said that he arrived at Nongstoiñ at 6 pm and from that morning he started carrying daju until 9 pm.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has congratulated and supported the Dorbar Shnong Mawbah, which has come out to protest against the government's plan to allocate land on the government land in Upper Mawpem.
Ladthadlaboh beat Sohmynting, who will play next season in the 1st Division after not playing well this season along with Sabahmuswang who earned 1 point from 7 points. once you fight.
“We have our own customs and traditions and no one has taught us as a nation whether you are a Dohlieh or a Dohiong about the knowledge of the family, the knowledge of man, the knowledge of God, the knowledge of work and how to earn your right.
Despite the praise and praise of the NPP-led MDA government for its failure to resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam, the matter could go before the court for a decision.
“If we get enough candidates, we will contest, as at present we have only Laban, we are still looking for candidates in other places,” he said.
On this occasion, Bah Reming also expressed his surprise to see the promises of distribution of fertilizer, 5000 tyngka scheme and others now that the elections are approaching while in the past four years they were quiet.
“The curfew does not affect the rich but the farmers and day laborers who suffer.
If found guilty, they will be punished according to the law.
Shillong, Nailar 25: Three HNLC leaders who will take part in the peace talks with the government authorities have arrived in Shillong since the 5th of this month.
Josly Chyrmang scored the third goal in the 115th minute of extra time for Krem Myrsiang to win the title this season.
He said India has donated some relief equipment to the Maldives to assist in dealing with natural disasters and in this regard, India has donated two helicopters and one aircraft to be used in the construction and maintenance of this sector.
He said the group has links with the Nagaland armed group NSCN and is ready to send its first members for training. They will fight against Nagaland on the 17th of this month.
“We have found that some MLAs in Meghalaya say to those who go to ask for help from the blind, their reply is, I can't help you. “I don't see,” said Bah Kharjana.
Dr Jemino lost by 1.50 lakh votes to Congress candidate Vincent.
What is so disruptive? It is a large expenditure on the maintenance or purchase of new equipment from time to time.
They praised the knowledge of the members of JHDS to start this good work which will benefit the children from poor families. 129 new cases of COVID-19, The death toll has risen to 1404 in the state on Friday.
Banshaniah Pohtam scored 29 runs (17) and Bhaboklang Nongpluh took 3/18 runs in four overs.
Bino Phawa scored the first goal of the match in the 67th minute.
There will be two matches on the 27th July and the first match will be between Mawlai Sports Club and Synroplang 77 at 2.30 PM.
Shillong, June 12 : The National Hynniewtrep Peoples (NHPP) on Monday said that they are shocked and surprised after the news that their party has been destroyed.
The residents of Wah Shari have been receiving drinking water through the PHE Department since the past. It has also been used for the residents of Wah Shari and surrounding areas up to Sa – Micah Park.
Amit Shah also said that the Government will take strict action against armed groups that violate the Suspension of Operation.
District Council Court, Shillong & Jowai.
The suspect was identified as Sengkal R Marak, 27, of Omulpur village in North Garo Hills district.
Banteiskhem Iawphniaw scored two goals for Mawkhar SC in the 85th and 88th minutes.
It was also alleged that the judges were appointed by the ministers at a cost of lakhs and tens of lakhs of rupees.
Shillong, Jymmang 10 : The fourth edition of the Meghalaya State League 2023 is 10 days away from the football fans. for helping their respective teams towards the goal of victory.
Shillong, Nailar 13: Five youths have been selected from among the 30 nominees for the Meghalaya Youth Community Awards
Khliehriat, Lber 26: The District Tuberculosis Officer, East Jaintia Hills District today celebrated the World Tuberculosis Day on the theme “Yes! We can end TB” at a meeting held in Khliehriat. West Community Hall, Khliehriat in the presence of Deputy Commissioner, District Medical & Health Officer (DM&HO) A.Baranwal, IAS as the chief guest. , East Jaintia Hills District, Dr.D.Shylla and other officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, ASHAs, teachers, school children and others.
He told the people that only the Congress party is the biggest party that can fight against the BJP and other parties will not be able to.
The HNYM leader said that the people should refrain from these things, especially before the elections, before taking them, they should ask why they are proposing, so that they can get the truth. those legislators who can make laws to help and benefit the people.
" Bahnah said again.
One village/area has been accusing another of being such and such and this repeated accusation has happened back and forth.
Shillong: The Pynursla Block Level Committee of the Trinamool Congress (TMC) has urged the MDA government to express its opposition to the central city's plan to introduce the language. hindi in schools in the state.
These are the wishes of the former Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Phudmuri, the late Bah (L) Sylvester Kurbah, who said that the Community Hall of the village should have a proper shelter.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
The Union Minister inaugurated the road in the presence of Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Kumar Deb, Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu. Prestone Tynsong, Second Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh Shri Chowna Mein, Minister of Tourism Metbah Lyngdoh, Minister of Social Welfare Kyrmen Shylla and MLA of Arunachal Pradesh Jowai and Wailadmiki Shylla.
The two KSU members , Wankerlang Jyrwa and Badonkupar Nongbri , were arrested yesterday on charges of involvement in the robbery of petrol at the shop of Bikash Nandwani Meghalaya Machineries is located in Motphran.
The following are the results of the 1st Ten Merit ListScience stream1: 221347 Anindita Das Choudhury (E,Ae,Ph,Ch,Bio) 461* St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong2 : 221266 Abhishek Das (E,A,Ch, M,Ph) 457*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong3 :221410 Sneha Khatri (E,Ae,Ph,Ch,M,Bio) 454*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong4 : 221284 Devojit Paul (B,Ph, Ch,M,Bio) 451*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong5: 221351 Ankita Nandi (E,Ae,Bio,Ch,M,Ph) 446*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong6: 221336 Shubham Regmi (E, Ae,Ph,Ch,Bio,M) 445*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong221412 Subhra Ghosh (E,Ae,Bio,Ch,M,Ph) 445*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong7: 221393 Monisha (Bhattacharje E,Ae,Ph,Ch,Bio) 442*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong8 : 221413 Suchismita Choudhury (E,Ae,Ph,Ch,M,Bio) 436*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong9 : Farel9 : 2212 William Viret Kharchandy (E,Ae,Ph,Ch,CAP) 432*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong10: 221307 Matbiangthew Shadap (E,K,Ph,Ch,CAP) 429*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School 1 ShillongCommer :331268 Sanchayita Das (E,Ae,Ec,Ac,Bs) 438*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong2 : 331131 Abhinab Bharali (E,Ae,Ec,Ac,Bs) 434*St.Anthony's School, Shillong3er Secondary : 331132 Akash Kariwala (E,Ae,Ec,Ac,Bs) 430*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong4: 331159 Frederick Sawkmie Marbaniang (E,K,Ec,CAP,Bs) 425*St.Anthony's Secondary School, High Shillong5: 331090 Juhi Paul (En,Ac,Bs) 423*Seven Set Annexe Higher Secondary School, Shillong6: 331246 Manimore Makri (E,Ae,CAP,Bs) 413*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong7: Sharmistha Deb271 B,CAP,Ac,Bs) 412*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong8 :331135 Ashish Kariwala (Ae,Ec,Ac,Bs) 411*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong9 :331196 Shubham Kumar,Ec Jalewa (E ,Ac,Bs) 405*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong10 :330548 Shama Barali (E,Ec,Bs) 403*St.Edmund's College (Higher Secondary Section), Shillong.
Former US President Donald Trump has won a lawsuit against actress Stormy Daniels.
“The opportunity you have now is very happy.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem as the chief guest said that teachers are truly the pioneers to bring light around the country through knowledge despite many difficulties and hardships. to create images and to promote students to the heights of fame.
“The shooting death of five persons in Mukroh is not the first time but it has happened in Langpih and other border areas,” he said while speaking at a rally at the Kiang Nangbah Monument. Assam Police today protested against the shooting death of five Khasi in Mukroh by the Assam Police.
Umphrup SC vs Laitlyngkot SC and Mawryngkneng SC vs Mylliem SC will be played in the semi finals of the 3rd Division tomorrow. years imprisonment and a fine of 10,000 tyngka for his involvement in the rape of an 8-year-old child.
Nongpoh: The Khasi Jaintia Christian Endeavor Union (KJEU) today celebrated its 125th Anniversary. The celebration started at Umling CE Society. of the Umling Presbyterian Church in Ri Bhoi.
“The Advocate General has informed that the Harijan Panchayat Committee has approved the blueprint prepared by the State Government but has put forward suggestions to amend some parts of it”.
He said the party has not yet decided who will be its chief ministerial candidate.
Praising the work of Shullai, Antonio said that Laitumkhrah constituency does not have the same development projects as Shillong South Constituency.
He said that after receiving the reply on the 4th of this month, they found that there is no allocation of funds for the upgradation of these hospitals.
The employee of the petrol pump said that the suspects were driving a white Renault Clio without any number plates on their vehicle. which were placed in the vehicle.
He said to curb the problem of insurgents, the government should create various mechanisms, and one should appoint police officers with more focus on recruiting youth from those areas. that by doing so, it will help the youth to avoid joining the terrorist groups.
A School Managing Committee has also been formed as the number of residents in the Dong has increased.
In the first half, Khliehmawlieh scored 10 goals in the first half, but did not lose hope.
After the police heard of the complaint of the party, they came to stop and detain the members of the party not to allow them to walk in public, as 144 CrPC has been enacted. The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has protested against the actions of the police and Magistrates of West Khasi Hills District in Rambrai, where the HYC members who went to demand their rights were arrested. They swore for the nation, but the police tore down the placards, tore down the flags of the party and did not allow the members of the party to raise the flags.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the state government has taken appropriate measures to improve the income of the state without affecting the residents of the state. .
On these issues , what is important is whether we accept that we are one nation ? Rev. Dr. John Roberts and Rev. G. Angel Jones composed songs for the country. Rev. Dr. John Roberts composed the song Ri Khasi Ri Khasi I love you.
Shira sent this letter to the Director after receiving a letter from the Tnasport Department on 11th October 2022, requesting to pay the bill for James's travel by helicopter.
Those who speak evil: speak against others in secret, and do good.
On this occasion, the Union has also expressed its readiness to work with the District Council to inspect these shops which are operating without providing the necessary documents such as Labor and Trading Licence.
Shillong, Lber 29: The Sub Divisional Magistrate, Sohra Civil Sub Division, Sohra, today enforced Section 144 CrPC, which prohibits vehicles from carrying more than 6 tonnes of weight while traveling on the road. Wahjapuh Bridge, which is located on the Ichamati Bholaganj Road.
“On Thursday last month, we checked Trading License and Labor License in collaboration with KHADC. On that day, we found that there are many illegal traders within the boundary of the village. “We have also found that there are many foreigners working illegally within our border without permission from the Dorbar Shnong,” said Bah Mawrie.
He retired from politics in 2016 and handed over the post to MK Stalin, who took over as Working President in
So they sent those intelligence teams that even I, the party office bearer, didn't know about those intellectuals. After this, for the second time, they sent back those teams and when they completed the work for the second time, they found that Santa Mary Shylla was better at the job. Therefore, we have decided to give the ticket to Santa Mary Shylla. It is not true as those office bearers who have left the party have alleged that it is because of the NPP Secretary 5-Sutnga said that Santa has a lot of money and that is why he will get the ticket from the NPP party. Saipung Constituency, Mr. Heimonme Lamare.
However, he said that in June, 2019, officers together with Assam government police came to the construction site of the PMGSY road from Athiabari to Umshiak and to stop the construction. They also threatened the workers who are constructing the road, and the construction of the road has stopped till now.
Also present at the meeting were SS Lyngdoh, Secretary, DC, LK Diengdoh, BDO Mawthadraishan, Br.
He said that the Bill was introduced in a hurry and failed due to the lack of proper information sharing.
The factory belongs to Bajoria and it was suspected that it may have been caused by a power outage.
He said that no one should own this scheme to build poor houses as it is a scheme of the Government of India which runs through Mylliem Block for the benefit of the people.
Ayoshee’s mission is to enable women to stand on their own feet, providing them with employment opportunities.
However, it is because there are differences in language, customs and traditions in many areas.
A case has been registered at the Nongpoh Police Station against these coal trucks.
“Instead of people going to buy fish from Bangladesh, the government should encourage them to build ponds to raise fish and sell it back to Bangladesh,” he said.
The human body was created, first by breathing in the soul, then by the body parts including the head, eyes, ears, head, mouth, hands, feet, and thus complete person.
I want to know more about the types of soh or jhur that should be eaten.
The number of confirmed cases has risen to 1,020 and the death toll has risen to 1,5
Nongpoh, June 20: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongpoh Circle on Tuesday opened the (L) Sabathani Lyngdoh Memorial Football Tournament 2022 at Madan Saiden. The tournament was opened by Bah Successful Lyngdoh Rangbah Shnong of Saiden who has made a great contribution to the nation through his service as a faithful member of the KSU. The chief guest was Bah Lambok Rymbai, Vice President of KSU North Khasi Hills District in the presence of Bah MG Kharshanlor, Asst Rangbah Shnong of Saiden, Samla John Lyngdoh President of KSU Nongpoh Circle and other leaders of the KSU Nongpoh Circle. wife, children and relatives of (L) Sabathani Lyngdoh.
Furthermore, AMKA requests the Government of Meghalaya to set up or strengthen police outposts in these border villages to ensure the safety of the residents and to prevent such incidents from happening again.
Neuralink, a company founded in 2016, is researching the technology to implant a high-speed nerve into the human brain to eliminate the effects of dementia. Your brain doesn't work well.
The youth was charged under Section 185 of the Penal Code for driving under the influence of alcohol.
“The state and the youth are rising through activities to shape their future,” he added.
He commented ‘Fantastic! Wow, the song of the birth of the child Jesus, how do you sing when you immerse the goddess Durga in the water?) and the fishes were many.
She said that in this age of technology where the use of electricity has become widespread, no one can live without electricity because it has become part of the most important need in our lives. .
Meanwhile, the Father's Power has not yet begun because it is too difficult to change the customs of that nation.
On the other hand, the complainants also complained that the garbage has started to accumulate again and it is the duty of the government to take measures to solve this problem of the residents of Jowai.
Speaking on behalf of Dr Aman War, Working President of the UDP and MDC of Jaïaw-Mawprem, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that it is time for the people to start with the chapter. After 50 years of independence, the state has reached its peak.
When inquired, the President of the Union said that Bah Cyril Diengdoh has promised to look into the matter and if so, the temporary BOP will be issued.
In the first half, 7 Wasa scored the first goal through Saibok Tariang.
To confirm that Dapoiwanmi is the real owner of the shop, the journalists asked him whether he has any documents such as the dulir written by Arashad to show that he bought it. “I admit that I was wrong not to write down the history at the time of purchase,” he said.
Shillong: The Nongkhyriem Youth Association, Nongthymmai in collaboration with the office of the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS) Shillong, Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports, Govt.
They will be accompanied to Haryana by their coach Nine Singh Kharlor.
He said that as youngsters who have the talents that God has given them, they should use them properly and work hard until they reach the goal, “because only those who work hard will be rewarded," he said.
At the same time, righteous judgment brings peace and hope, and the Psalmist demands righteousness and justice in the age in which he lives – “You shall cease from judging injustice...support the rights of the poor and orphans; judge the poor and needy..." (Psalm 82:2-3).
“Ka seng would also like to express to the Government not to rush the railway line but to bring first the development of the people of the area from roads, health, education and so on. ter," the union statement added.
He said that the union has taken the responsibility to demand from the state government to introduce a policy or education scholarship and to include it in the state education policy to provide assistance to the children from poor families. They have enough money to send them to continue their education.
Compared to 2016-17, fish production has increased by 30 per cent in 2020-21, in 2020-21 fish production has increased to 13.7 MT. 7000 fish farmers have benefited from the Meghalaya State Aquaculture Mission.
The suspect has also been wanted by Brazilian police in the past.
He also alleged that the Congress MP from Shillong, Vincent H Pala does not speak in Parliament but sits.
U Bah Shylla, who has been in his presence in the past years, said that he and other supporters of Bah Shylla initially decided not to vote anymore. U Bah Shylla to contest the election (that was after his defeat), but now he said that those who went to support Bah Shylla are people who used to oppose him and this has made him angry. rhem back to their souls.
He said that the railway line could increase the influx of mynder into the state.
“We have traveled around the states of the country to learn about the working methods of the local authorities in different states and districts.
The start of the work will be after the handover of the land after the relocation of the TB hospital to Umsawli,” said the state government official.
According to the old teaching, each Daloi has to perform this Chad pastieh Thadlaskeiñ ritual as a sign of thanksgiving to Blei Syiem Synhen once or twice in his inheritance. which he could, while the Daloi in Chwa of Daloi RM Garod could not do this.
“While India talks about many of the issues of today, hunger, poverty, lack of protection and health facilities, it has not been able to talk about them properly. not enough.
We cannot say whether they belong to any group but the people we have arrested are involved in crimes,” he said.
Let their ears be heavy.
The party at the same time demanded 4% share for their community.
On the other hand, the MLA congratulated the State Government for being able to carry out the border settlement with Assam, which has been pending for decades.
Congress MLA in Arunachal Pradesh, Ninong Ering, said five people from the state have been abducted by Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) troops.
“I am a person in charge of the Constitution and I should not speak in this manner, but it is the issue of the farmers and I cannot remain silent and I have requested Narendra Modi, “The Prime Minister has decided to resolve this issue through dialogue,” Malik said in a telephone interview with The Indian Express.
:Mega Entertainment, the North East's biggest festival and costume contest, has recently announced the date of the interview for the 13th edition of Set Wet. Mega Mister North East.
She said that the HSPDP also supports the UDP and fights against the NPP. This does not mean that the HSPDP has lost and there is only the UDP. The HSPDP is no longer there.
He said that all this is the hard work of the Meghalaya's State Tobacco Control Cell which has tried its best to educate the people of the state and make the citizens of the state healthier. stronger.
This relationship is through the collaboration with the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government.
Other sources said that the driver of the vehicle has surrendered to the Nongstoin Police Station today, after the incident.
The Center is run by NIEPMD-Chennai, Department of Social Justice and Empowerment, Government of India.
“What is surprising is that we have learned through the Investigation Officer that this child has a Learner's Driving License but looking at the Learner's Driving License, he is still under 18 years old,” said Bah Brighstarwell. .
According to him, there are more than 36 villages under Block-I. The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Civil Sub-Division said that the NFSA ration (AAY & PHH) and Non-NFSA foodgrains for Risaw have been distributed to the ration shops. The ration for AAY rice will be 35 kilos per head, the PHH ration will be 5 kilos per head. no government and no charge.
At this time, there is a need for unity,” he said.
These days we see with our own eyes that the President of India, the Prime Minister of the country, the leaders and others are members of the RSS. , including the very crown, is colored.
Delicious said that before distributing these books, she had informed and asked permission from the Secretary of the school, Wom Chyrmang, but the surprising thing is that the next day, the Secretary of the school Together with the groups, they came to commit their crimes without respecting the right to worship in any religion as enshrined in the Constitution of India (Article 25-28 of the Indian Constitution).
The four players are currently in quarantine, the report said.
In a democracy, without the press, democracy would die.
With 17 runs needed to reach the target of 29 runs, Manipur started the match at 12/1, losing more wickets but managed to complete the match. B Rahman scored four runs in seven overs to lead the team to victory.
According to him, many leaders become politicians but none of them will become leaders because they do not take responsibility.
The employee of the bank was surprised to see that the back door was open and the lock had been cut when she came to work on Monday morning.
Not only that, she also has a dress that is very attractive especially to the Khasi women and that is very dressy from head to toe.
Friends, we live in an age of benevolence.
Edenbari is the headquarters of the armed group led by Rimpu Marak as Chairman.
This will be the first time that a student from Meghalaya will receive the topper rank in the MBA program of Assam Don Bosco University.
The pursuit of a rich life is selfish and hopeless.
Leaders who attended the meeting included FKJGP Jaintia Zone Leaders, Vice President Nangkhrawbor Rani, Assistant Secretary. and Organizing Secretary, Pharngki Kyndiat, leaders from East Jaintia Hills District including General Secretary, Emlang Sutnga, Andiwor Pala, Organizing Secretary and Edwan Dkhar, Assistant Information Secretary and members. .
Kembhavi said that the meters should be replaced once every five years, but they have not been replaced at all, even after more than 17 years.
Owaisi, the source said, said the Babri Masjid in Ayodhya in Uttar Pradesh was destroyed during the Congress rule.
“Therefore, the request to give one shap to the candidates nominated by the party for this MLA election in the state has not been approved,” said Manish Kumar.
“You can ask why the Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) is against the implementation of the NEP in 2023 even though most of the principals, except for some of them, have accepted the NEP. an.
Shillong: On the 14th of this month, police have recovered a body from Wah Umiam, Mawdun area.
“We will provide the best service to the students of this college not only to provide them with knowledge but also how to make the students knowledgeable and valuable in society. Miss Aida C War, Vice Principal of the college.
Arquies Marbaniang, Public Secretary HYC Nongtrai Circle, said that the HYC Nongtrai Circle has found foreigners who came to work as water pipes and tankers in Mawkhumkha village under the JJM scheme. they were not there, so the organization drove them away.
Bernita said that immediately if the government cannot provide a hearing or does not listen to the demand, the only way is to go straight to the Supreme Court of India.
The deceased were identified as Baldur Pala of Tluh, Think Dkhar of Jarain (Sutnga) and Bran Summer of Paloi, Assam.
However, after I left the EC, when I went to meet with the CEM to remind him, he said that the world has changed.
KSU South Khasi Hills District Unit General Secretary Edmund Khongsya said that the KSU has found that this road has been marked since 1971,
Those who sell kriah ki shang, those who sell forty kinds of handicrafts and those who set up shops along the highways will no longer be mentioned.
So far, the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) has won 106 seats in the 243-member Assembly, while the Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) has won 106 seats in the 243-member Assembly. 112 persons and their groups.
In another development, the Regional Democratic Alliance (RMA) has decided to appoint Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar as the Chairman of the RDA (UDP and HSPDP). , who is the MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency.
It has been able to improve the village roads, drains, and other needs in the constituency.
Therefore, all human life (the flesh) is like a grass and all its beauty is like a flower.
He said that the government's intention to implement the Tenancy Bill is only to distract the people from the demand of the ILP. There are many shortcomings because this Bill affects only the residents and what will happen to the houses of the people who live by building skum and plastic houses? It will protect these houses especially on the border with Bangladesh especially in the areas where there are coal mines.
However, it is learned that the BJP has also proposed to Bah Sanbor Shullai to take over the post if approved by the MDA. The MDA has not been able to elect a single person and for this reason, it will be taken to the MDA meeting on 4th November to take a final decision.
Party sources include one Trinamool Congress MLA from East Khasi Hills and two others from Garo Hills.
It also shows that these political parties are ready to descend to any level just to attract the current MLAs,” he said.
From this time on, Panah plotted evil to destroy her and hid this in his heart.
Individuals, organizations and groups in Sohra are also prohibited from using tynghung, amplifiers or any other equipment inside or in private vehicles, homes or public places without permission from the authorities.
Many of the youths who attended the training are school dropouts and those between class VIII and above and some have completed higher education.
The MSKDF has been recognized by the KIO since 2021 and has been able to hold only two state level Karate Championships in 2022 and 2023 with the support of the newly reformed NEZKA. The new members of the NEKSF will be elected on July 7, 2023 at the Majestic Hotel, Polo, Shillong
In another match, Touchline Basketball Academy beat Eastern Pirates by 38 to 36 points.
Otherwise, it will not be long before the slaves or the slaves will one day violate the rights of our masters who are the owners of the land.
He said that this Act will also curb corruption in the state, so that economic growth and unemployment can be brought about for the poor.
“It is time to rebuild and reshape the administration in the constituency and the state as a whole,” said Bah Bobby.
However, the time did not come and Von Schedvin had to return to her own country, but before she left, they made a covenant and promised that they should be born in one. sun.
Shillong, June 04 : More than 1000 people took part in the celebration of the International Day of Yoga, 2022 organized by the North Eastern Institute of Yoga (NEIAH), Shillong, at Golflink Ground.
“We have sold the kudam at T.3 per square foot and the price will be according to the size of the kudam,” said MSAMP Secretary W Marbaniang.
Bhagwat's grievance is that he knows that there are many Christians here but he has used a big khwai to deceive our people.
Also to the friends who sent their condolences to us as a family.
“Every day the residents of Bakur and Dawki complain about this, when they take patients to Shillong they don't have to travel through Amlarem, Jowai and Shillong,” he said.
Nongpoh: Senior BJP leaders in Nongpoh Constituency and their followers, on Saturday came to join the Congress Party, saying that the reason why they left the party Besides the BJP supporters, many BJP leaders who have joined the Congress include Bah George Tangsang, General Secretary. Jenita Marbaniang, President of BJP Women's Unit, Lion Nongtri, Advisor, Mission Namsaw, President of BJP Women's Unit.
Nongstoiñ: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawshynrut Circle today held a meeting to show that the villages on the border with Garo Hills are still within the border of Garo Hills District. She went to erect a signboard with the words 'Welcome to West Khasi Hills District' in Nongchram.
Many of the Alumni who attended the Alumni Meet 2023 include those who have been prominent in the fields of Government, Private Sector, Military, Education, Banking, Agriculture and Entrepreneurship. straight.
Due to the continuous rainfall, the Umïam Lake, which was extremely low until the first month of July, has now been filled with water.
"This shows that the reason here is not money, knowledge or what they have gone through in the work but this shows that there is something more important than money, knowledge and what they and they passed through in all their works.
The Secretary-General of the Rajya Sabha will be the Returning Officer and the counting of votes will be held on 18th November and the counting of votes will be held on 21st November
But the Holy Spirit is not yet finished.
There are also parents who see only the good things in their children but ignore the bad things. Even if their children are bad, they say, 'Bym lah sneng shuh ,who is stupid,or he becomes like this because he has a friendship with that person or that person.
The village falls under Nartiang district and also under Hamren district.
US warplanes have bombed an Iranian-backed rebel base in eastern Syria on Wednesday, following an offensive by the Iranian government. US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said the militants had attacked US troops in the area, adding that two helicopters had attacked the base. including the F -15.
On the other hand, she said she is happy to contest with her father Bah Pynshai Manik Syiem from the same party HSPDP this time.
Emanbhah Marbaniang scored the first goal for Jyntru from the penalty spot in the first minute.
By ESSJE, Mawkhar, ShillongIn the beginning God created man in his own image.
On the same day, it was seen that the registration of Rangbah Shnongs was held only in Riatsamthiah, Mawpat, Wahingdoh, Jaiaw and several villages in Shillong. .
“We demand that you immediately remove these posters from the Government officials,” said Das in the complaint.
"The investigation will investigate the matter.
New Delhi: There have been 3.43 lakh new cases of COVID-19 in the country today.
The tendency to talk nonsense and talk nonsense in the newspapers misleads the public.
At the same time, the Governor said that the syrnot should not be considered as a lyngkhot but as the youth they should understand that they have entered the list of the best men and women in the world. knowledge in the country.
The District Magistrate has declared containment after receiving a report from the health department that one of the employees of the petrol pump has tested positive for COVID-1 Mrs. Harbiancy Lamar.
Meghalaya will start its tour against Services on 21st June, followed by Assam on 23rd June, Kerala on 25th June and 28th June. The state will play against Goa and lastly against Arunachal Pradesh on October 1,
Laitjem CC beat Cricket Lovers by 15 runs and Doril June Pathaw was named Player of the Match.
The teachers said that their demand for the teaching job does not mean that the government should suspend or dismiss other teachers who have already taught, but they said that the demand to appoint They said that according to their information, there are currently up to 700 teaching vacancies in government schools.
Also present on the occasion were T. Vumzagin, Director, T. Warjri, Faculty, SBI RSETI and T. Mawsor, DFS-FI, Ri Bhoi District.
These two Khasi youths were arrested by the Assam police at 4 pm yesterday while they were returning from their work.
The State Level Chief Minister Inter School Athletic Meet 2022 has come to an end on Friday, and at the end of the day, the winners have been announced. The overall champion was won by the students of North Garo Hills District.
After a while, Mawnianglah Youth managed to turn the tide through P.Nongkhlaw in the 62nd minute.
On the other hand, the doctors said that it is not that they do not make mistakes but there may be those who do not take proper care, but the public has the right to take to the law to punish them or the hospital.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, students and teachers of JNV Mawphlang took part in the program at Raj Bhawan in Shillong.
The youths, on the other hand, complained that “even those of us who have completed our education don't get Government jobs.
In my opinion, the IOA should be taken to the UNO,” said Pastor Snaitang.
“If you win, you will say that you have won, if you lose, you will say that you are from the BJP,” Kharkhrang asked the NPP.
According to sources, it is understood that many people from the villages which have crossed the border into MUDA will attend the meeting.
Dev Rai (3/29) and Jeffre Chyrmang (3/34) are among the players for East Jaintia Hills DCA. In Zone 2, North Garo Hills DCA will play against Tura.
“We will hold a meeting to discuss this issue on the 22nd of November.
“In fact, he appears in the media as a private person when he meets people or visits Mawsynram, not as a director,” said CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing in a statement. sun.
In terms of the number of deaths, India now ranks fifth in the world.
In a statement, the Executive Committee of the Kur Phawa-Siangshai, Seng Kmie, expressed its deep pleasure to inform you all the members of the Kur, from the Chairman, Secretary and office bearers of the Kur in the villages and townships. Lyngdoh Phawa, Phawa and Siangshai Kur Sin, that there will be a Dorbar Kur – 8, on 27-01-2024, at 10:00AM, at Mutong village, East Jaintia Hills District, as usual every year.
How sad and angry I am to think about the life of our fellow countrymen especially those who live in the Pnar areas until they have reached the point where they have brought differences and discrimination and those who have followed the wrong path. and the voice of people who do not know the origin of the nation.
The purpose of this information gathering is to remind the Hima that it will submit to the State Government to declare the Shad Pomblang as a State Holiday and not just a District Holiday.
“The mistake of our leaders is the pride because as soon as we are elected as MLAs, we feel like we have run the sky, this is because we use the the word is not mine.
Perhaps I would like to announce that this article “Reject Fanaticism in Any Form” has been written by anyone.
According to the UDP, the opposition will write to the state government tomorrow to seek clarification on these proposals.
These sources may not be worthy of investigation or may not be worthy of attention and to investigate this is within their expertise. scientists and historians who have expressed their views on this subject.
Before applying lipstick make sure you use a lip liner because it shapes and smooths your lips after that you can finish by applying the lipstick you like.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 26: Ka Sur ki Nongwest invites all the people to a public meeting to be held on the 28th of this month, as part of the campaign to urge the people of the area to contribute as much as possible. Hubert Paliar from Mawrok Mawliehbah, West Khasi Hills District, has been the winner of the title in the 2013 FIFA World Cup. Arm Wrestling.
There are 19 cases in East Khasi Hills, 6 cases in East Garo Hills, 5 cases in West Garo Hills, 6 cases in West Garo Hills, 4 cases in Ri Bhoi District and 6 cases in South West Garo Hills. there are two.
“Because of my age, I can no longer manage this land and I have handed it over to my children,” said Bah Torin. but he stayed back in Nongpoh with his son Swet for this Raid.
Therefore, as a party that looks after the welfare of the people and especially those who live on the border, in order to know all the facts, we will go to this village to talk to the village leaders and people. “We will appeal to the state government so that we can know all the facts and on that, we will also appeal to the state government,” he added.
A member of the Jana Sena Party in Andhra Pradesh has been arrested after he threw an EVM this morning.
During the last elections, the BJP held about 59 rallies in which Modi, Shah and others delivered speeches across the state.
About 7 liters of saline is used to clean each tor.
The ECI has urged all political parties, their leaders and candidates to abide by the Model Code of Conduct and laws.
Not only to install them but the government will also provide modern sports equipment to provide peace and security to the border residents, he said.
Marak has been promoted to Assistant Commandant although he is not yet an MPS.
Police also rescued five children from the house and arrested 73 men and women.
In this match, both the teams played well but in the end they had to leave the field with a score of 10 points.
This can be seen only before 2023, as it is in this year that the MLA election will be held again in Meghalaya to elect new people's leaders from the constituencies. different parts of the state of Meghalaya.
The greatest nations in the world survive because in the first place they struggled to preserve their own language, they told the story of the sword, the heroes, they thanked or praised. They followed the thread of the matti that the longshwa had led them.
“Our government ministers don't love the students of Meghalaya because they have sent their children to study abroad in London, Australia and they don't care about us,” he said.
Shillong: The body of Spillity Lyngdoh Langrin, 95 years old, was buried near the burial place of her mother and father in Domiasiat. .
(1 Peter 2:24) The message of Good Friday is very touching to us as believers because Jesus Christ suffered for our sins but the good news is that He won. Therefore, as Christians we have a desire to change which means to live a good life and to walk according to the will of God.
“When listening to the opinion of the Khasi Seng, we will come to the conclusion that if we want to explain India, we don't need to read many articles, because the three foundations of the Khasi Seng, such as the Khasi people and the The Khasi way of thinking takes this world as a whole,” he said.
On the nomination of women candidates from Shillong and Tura, Ampareen said the NPP's decision to nominate women candidates from these two constituencies shows what the party has.
The Executive Engineer, PWD (Roads) NEC Division, Khliehriat has been ordered to prevent the collapse of one of the towers and for the safety of the passengers and property in the area. part of immediately taking steps to prevent further erosion in this area.
The Superintendent of Police (SSP) has issued a search warrant for Bah Teiborlin Sangriang.
He said that there is also a rule that any person from Assam can sell a cow or a muid only to the states which have a cow protection law and this rule will affect them. and is also an Act which is illegal under the Constitution of India (according to List 42 of the 7th Schedule of the Constitution of India).
Support staff: Goutam Shome (head coach), Moisten Ch Marak (assistant coach), Surojit Biswas (physio), Vikash Singh Chauhan (trainer), OL Warjri (manager).
This shows that they are rude and oppressive towards the Khasi even though they have not yet received a place of residence.
Niaw Wasa took the lead in the 52nd minute through Buromlangki Salahe but Sein Pynbhalang equalized through a penalty in the 88th minute. , with the game ending in a 3-3 tie.
Stand up, son of the country, for the future will follow.
Shillong, Nailar, 06: The Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre, Quinton Road, Shillong on Saturday distributed prizes to 246 winners of the 49th Annual Cultural Competition. Shillong and surrounding areas.
Looking at such incidents, it was also seen that even the SP and the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma.
From time to time, the NGT has also suspended the state government.
Wayne Rooney, who has retired from DC United, is now ready to join Tom Brady's Birmingham City for the Championship. new manager.
According to Rijiju, the central government will ensure that the misled youth who come forward, do not lose the benefits offered by the government.
All the enemies of Israel were killed.
For about five months now, since July, the College has not had a mathematics teacher in Class XI and XII Science.
Das, who is currently in Mathura, has been taken to Medanta Hospital in Gurgaon.
Assistant Organizing Secretary: Donmiki Nongjied 7.
At the end, Prof K.Chyne, Vice-Principal, congratulated all those who took part in this Jubilee Day.
At the same time, the JAC leader accused the VC of making allegations without the demands of the JAC.
“We don't trust the Congress government or this government either.
Shylla said that until now the state government has been treating the land of non-Khasi States as government land, because it was the land of the British government in the past and that is why the people have been displaced. They have a place in the government as in Sairsohpen, Sohra.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar, congratulated the women who have given their services to the children at the 7Thyndai Child Care Institute at Tuberkmai Shnong. At the same time, he said that being a swet child has two parts, one is the loss of their parents. He added that “The destruction of the Jaitbynriew begins at home” at the same time he expressed his gratitude to the children. There are the mothers of the Seiñ Raij Tuber who have been able to guide the children who live in the Child Care Center and who have also encouraged them and removed the anxiety and depression of the children. which also help to remove doubts from the children and show them the paths of hope for their future.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The CORP has urged the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, to expedite the issuance of trading license in Ri-Bhoi District. There are too many shopkeepers and other business activities without permission or license from the Council.
have block n lost.
At present, heavy vehicles have been suspended from the road.
Many people have gone to these juti manufacturers to send juti colour, but they are not at the place where they put their juti items.
In the women's category, Mawïaban beat Pdengshnong, while in the men's category, Seven United Mawthohthang beat Pdengshnong. Pdengshnong took 6 wickets for the target of 104 runs.
Lalduhoma entered politics after retiring from the police in
After the meeting with the union leaders, the CAO promised to take action and promised to convene a meeting with the Director to reinstate the three Khasi who have been dismissed. .
He said that Shillong would be cleaner if there were taxi parking lots and toilets where passengers would not be crowded.
Taking medicines that do not contain this vitamin if your body is deficient in this vitamin can also increase the amount of this vitamin.
“Such politicians cannot bring about much change and cannot be in that position to be in the middle to support or oppose any candidate,” he added.
When asked about the broken electricity posts and broken wires witnessed around the city, he said that the Corporation will immediately replace these electricity posts if there is any complaint.
The four candidates include JHADC Speaker Lakhon Biam, Dawan Lyngdoh, Krison Langstang and Treilang Suchiang, who are members of the UDP. Shullai, former CEM of JHADC, Arbor Hima Darnei, Holando Lamin and Ai Borlang Shadap.
According to information, many schools support provincializing only the service of teachers, and let the government once again propose to schools this time to provincialize only the service of teachers and it will get How many schools have accepted and how many have rejected, said Babu Khongjirem.
If so, how can I be a Dkhar?
From the top of the houses, you can see this children's home and it is a place where there is no privacy.
The arrest of these four persons was without warrant and without reason and without telling where they were taken.
The Academy expresses its delight and pride that Lamangkynsai Kharbuli has been able to join the ISL and at the same time wishes him a healthy body and continued development. shaphrang in this sport.
He said that the reason why he joined the BJP is because of the corruption in the 60 years of Congress rule in the state. The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has decided to fight corruption.
When you say on Sunday, do we have to close down cinema halls, restaurants, parks and send all the people to England? Has the Government been able to do so? These are just stupid things," he commented.
“After the end of the budget session, I will resign from the UDP,” he said.
She has been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes mellitus, nephropathy, hypertension, CKD and Covid pneumonia.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah PN Syiem praised the KJP Synod Sepngi Urban Mission for its efforts to provide the best service to the people in any field. spirit without paying shiliang or thinking about yourself.
“If the UCC, JHADC is implemented, all the customs and traditions, the heritage of the indigenous people will be affected and especially the fundamental rights enshrined in Article 19 of the Constitution which guarantees freedom of religion. Besides, he requested the Central Government not to implement the UCC within the boundary of JHADC so that the rights and interests of the people of Jaintia Hills will not be affected.
Therefore, the JAC leaders have urged the operators of the bus saw to take action and provide the time to drop off and pick up the students who go to the school. There are different schools in Nongpoh.
“The state government's acceptance of this Bill is only to insult me ​​because he is the leader to strengthen and empower all the chiefs of Khasi-Jaintia Hills,” he said.
In the Gospel of Matthew 12:49-50 when Jesus' mother and relatives came to look for him, what did he say? – ‘For whosoever shall do the will of my Father which is in heaven, the same is my brother, and sister, and mother.
The Government, as mentioned by the High Court, has decided that soon it will be possible to start scientific coal mining and leave behind coal mining like a snake's nest.
Smti.
This Khaw is provided by the government and the people do not have to pay.
NDTV, which broadcast the news, said the footage was obtained from Planet Labs and showed a large number of Chinese troops in the area, where there was a clash between the two countries. two groups in January, when there were presumably many wounded Indian soldiers in the area too.
Conrad urged the NGOs to come forward in setting up more Rehabilitation Centers and promised that the Government is ready to support them.
The Assam Police have strengthened the Border Out Post in Mukroh after the incident.
He said that to improve the state we need to improve education so that no one will lag behind.
The people should think carefully and establish and think carefully for the bright future of Sohiong constituency.
In the tournament, the winning team will also guarantee themselves avoidance of relegation.
Salt-1kg per 5 customers.
In our opinion, if any group comes to support any cause, there is no need to carry a banner or placard.
He said that as an MLA, he has plans to introduce various schemes and projects in the constituency and all these will be explained in detail later.
:The Meghalaya State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights in collaboration with the Faith Foundation and Child Friendly Shillong today held a meeting to take measures for the welfare of children. child.
Not that the Company is profitable.
The Rymbai-Bataw-Borghat Road, which has been in poor condition in the past years, has now turned around after the initiative of the Khliehriat MLA who is also a Minister of State to repair it. to the street.
Shillong: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CSO) on Tuesday staged a rally across the state to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit. in the state of Meghalaya.
In this way, there is no right to include intangibles such as sounds, spoken language or any other aspects of traditional rights such as ancient science. (folk science and technology) folk music, rituals, prayers, words or thoughts in the judgment, sacrifice and so on.
There are 7 film production companies ready to select the trainees for acting in their various films and these include Pradip Kurbah Film Production, HK Production, FPS Film Production, Bantei Film Production, Umjer Film Production, KK Film Production and Layaa Film Production.
Shillong Lajong FC's Bishal Lama (goalkeeper), Henry Ford Nongneng, Ronney Wilson Kharbudon, Saveme Tariang, Everbrightson Mylliempdah (substituted by Babysunday Marngar in the 61st minute) , Hardy Cliff Nongbri (70th minute substitution), Ronald Kydon Lyngdoh Nonglait (79th minute substitution), Sangti Janai Shianglong, Atlanson Kharmaw, and Amon Lepcha substituting Amon Lepcha in the 79th minute. Figo Sindai.
MeCEL today cut off electricity from 8 pm to 9 pm and this cut off without public announcement, has angered the people.
Besides, ropeways will also be installed to speed up traffic.
The storm and heavy rainfall occurred on the night of the 1st of July.
The quarrying of stones, shyiap, minerals is profitable.
The pageant was organized by Miss Rajni Subba, founder of Miss India Exquisite and taught by Kaushik Ghosh, a prominent Bollywood fashion choreographer. International Fashion Shows.
Shillong, November 1: After many complaints have been sent by Bah Pynshai.
Secretary, Information and Broadcasting, Apurva Chandra and Principal Director General, Jaideep Bhatnagar, Satyendra Prakash, Venudhar Reddy and Mayank Kumar Aggarwal were also present on the occasion.
Shillong: A group of Executive Members led by the Chief Executive Member of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council, Tuliram Ronghang, today met with the CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem. office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
“The Governor of Assam, Gulab Chand Kataria, Chief Minister of Assam, Dr. Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chairman Board of Governors, IIT Guwahati, Dr. Rajeev Modi, Director IIT Guwahati, Prof. Parameswar K.Iyer, Teachers and students along with other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
Because there is still a lot of story left behind and I had to leave the premiere room at Shillong Club, I just left with a feeling of joy and my soul, I wanted very much, to get to go and fill his mind to complete the rest of the story.
The first tournament will be held in Shillong and 20 teams will compete in 10 months.
The religion, the customs, the country and the nation!.
The meeting also condemned and urged the law enforcement authorities to take action against such people so that it will be a warning to others so that such cases will not be committed. They will no longer happen not only in Sawmer, but in the society of the nation.
In this regard, this year on the 30th November 2023 is the anniversary of the death of Woh Kiang Nangbah because he was executed on the 30th November 1862, the day of Ri Khad- The whole Dolloi was sick.
The meeting was attended by NPP East Khasi Hills District Leaders Samlin Malngiang, Mawphlang MDC Lamphrang Blah, Nongshken MDC Grace Mary Kharpuri and NPP East Khasi Hills District President Jied. Kurbah, NPP Women's Wing, Kong P Nongpluh, and others.
He said that although the Prime Minister has spoken briefly on the incident in Manipur, no strong steps have been taken by the Central Government to resolve the conflict. continue.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the DPMU, Meghalaya Basin Management Agency for taking the initiative to hold and celebrate the Environment Day with the aim of To protect and restore the environment and to use it according to modern technology to avoid pollution of the environment. scientific exhibition.
The deadline for submission of Online Applications is 5 pm on 25.08.2023, the examination will be held on 17th November 2023 (CBT) for Stage I NORCET Preliminary and on 27th March (CBT) for Stage II NORCET Mains}.
“Banri, go and clean up, son,” said the mother.
The government has sought a reply from these teachers by 10th July.
Referring to the absence of the Opposition from the Hearing held today at the Hall MDC Hostel, he said, “The Opposition should not be like the ksan rympei rem dorbar”.
“She said the government is working for development in all areas, reaching all areas and accepting everyone.
They said that they knew Walinda from Class VII and she would not take her life.
“The NPP-led state government in the last five years has brought many development projects compared to the development projects that other governments have brought in the last 50 years,” he said.
The winner of the College Week 2023 was Wah Kynshi Group and Lum Kyllang Group won the Best Discipline.
Therefore, both teams fought deadly to defeat each other.
Furthermore, Bah Disparsing requested that the families who have not yet received the payment, can inform him so that he can take the necessary action as many of the families have informed him that they have not yet received the payment. the money they deserve.
However, this promise has died as James Sangma has been removed from the Home Department.
II. SOCIETY SHOULD BE UNITED: This part is difficult, because it includes the wise people, the foolish people can be said.
The CSWO urges the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to take strong action and ask where they used the money they illegally collected.
Here it is clear that we are in the last generation and in the last days, because we have seen with our own eyes the growth of education and the rapid progress in the age. now around the world.
The following are some of the measures taken by Mawïong Umjapung Village:-1) Outsiders are not allowed to sell goods inside the Village without the permission of the Village Authority. Those who deliver food at home (home delivery) or sell in vehicles must seek permission from the Village Authority. 3) Vendors from the Village must also inform the Rangbah Dong for permission. in the village.
Lionel Rymmei replaced Siwel Rymbai to score while Banskhemlang Mawlong took the place of Overkindness Lyngdoh Mawnai.
The meeting was conducted by Emerich Dkhar and welcome speech was delivered by Phlin Dkhar and welcome speeches were delivered by Jesse Dkhar East Jaintia Hills and Hamjhan Dkhar General Secretary of the Central Body.
On July 9, 2014, during the hearing, the NGT rejected the request for permission to mine and allowed the coal to be sold.
Look a little below.
The driver of the Jeep, Teiborlang Kharbangar, said that during the conversation, they accused them of being mynshohnoh and it was at this time that they realized that they would be attacked. They fled the scene and in an attempt to escape, they hit another person who is not a resident of the village. serious injuries.
He was killed on the night of July 5, 2014, while returning from Khrang.
Therefore, in this final match, they need to win so that they can advance to another match.
He sent a video of the proposal to Instagram and said, “I'm better than that old thief”.
When the rice has grown and is about 6 inches tall, the soil is dug and earthing is applied to the rice.
Therefore, the media should avoid news that incites hatred between ethnic groups, religions and indigenous languages.
SHILLONG: The MDC of Nongkrem Constituency, Bah Lambor Malniang, on Tuesday announced his full support to the Khasi Hills Democratic Front (KHDF) led by Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem.
Seventeen people, including many school children, were killed when a bus overturned in Sainj, Kullu, Himachal Pradesh, this morning.
“I hope that this health center will be a blessing to the people,” said Hollando Lamin. On the other hand, Hollando Lamin urged the doctors to provide the best service to the people.
Khliehriat, November 15: The public hearing of M/s Green Valley Industries Ltd, also known as Max Cement, Nongsning, was held today at Madan Pyrda Block-2, Chieruphi Village. The meeting went smoothly without any objections and all those who spoke on the stage gave their support to the company.
“We have set a target to further accelerate the delivery of medical supplies which we hope to be able to do with the assistance of the World Bank,” he said.
Chyne said the Bill was passed by the KHADC last year, but the DCA has sent it back for amendment. The KHADC will not send this Bill.
Righteousness itself is the power that supports any struggle and people who stand on the basis of righteousness are not afraid of anyone, even death, and the history of the world is full of stories of fighters. who gives life.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has imposed a curfew in Shillong from 9 pm to 6 pm tomorrow.
He also distributed relief goods to three senior citizens.
TV channels have called this one of the most popular jobs in India.
She urged that through these three days, as school children, they have been able to participate and encourage them to become hardworking children not only in sports but especially in the field of education. that they may rise from one rank to another.
We know that in this age, the devices we use have to rely on electricity otherwise they don't work at all.
In a letter sent to the Chief Minister, MSSASA has clarified that as per the RTE Act, 2009, all teachers appointed under the banner of the SSA, should receive the same salary as other regular teachers.
The opening ceremony of the Durshtah Sahnam was part of the celebration of the Lyngkhuh Aiom Siar of Meghalaya and the Chief Guest on this occasion said that the people should take care of the heritage of the state. at the gate of the shlem.
KSU Mawlai Circle also gave its support to the protest by inviting the people especially the people of Mawlai to attend the protest at the Secretariat. Women's organizations including CSWO and KWWADA have sought the advice of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) for the protest. They were stationed in the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat, but the DC did not give permission.
Mumbai, Nailar 7: AICC General Secretary Shyoraj Jivan Valmiki today said that Rahul Gandhi has decided not to get married because he does not want to be married. There will be the rule of one family, and later, he retracted his statement and apologized.
These stories are also puriskam which tell of the murder between the chiefs, the commanders of the army and so on.
It is true that I too have been struggling to read highly technical, scientific terms of which I will mention only one or two for understanding.
In the C1 men's category, Indra Sharma of Meghalaya came sixth.
Therefore, if you agree and understand my opinion through this article, it is time to do something on this issue to stand up and come forward as thinkers to correct this mistake. We have been in darkness for hundreds of years and in childhood and wonder.
Only those who live inside Khasi-Jaintia are accepted to become relatives, not those who live outside.
He said that now the farmers are living in poverty due to the overpricing of these crops and it has made it difficult for them to send their children to school as it affects their income.
Their sales have also dropped significantly and even if the people buy, they buy only 10 pawa and not even 10 kilos or 100 kilos.
Wanshan said the opening ceremony will be held in Mawkyrwat and the closing ceremony will be held in Khliehriat. There are those who have not yet completed the tournament in their areas as the last club will be the leader of the tournament and foreign players will not be allowed to play in the tournament.
Those who wish can go to the Block Offices of Khliehriat and Saipung during office hours to register for Token No. along with Certificate to prove that they are residents. More than 100 people will be issued tokens and will be able to enter the day.
Medical XI beat Agriculture XI 9-0 in the 8th Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy sponsored by the MSGEF on Monday at Kiang Nangbah. Stadium.
Even the leaders of the UDP Central Body have not commented on this,” he said.
Shillong: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has launched a campaign to strengthen the agricultural sector and to help farmers avoid losses due to the natural disasters. take many steps when it comes to this work.
The JYF also expressed its concern that the JHADC has not been able to submit its audit report in the past decade.
It took us about two hours, because we had to stand in the middle of the night, to look at the lyhuh, whether it came or called Bah Jim somehow.
No.9402185440).
However, the Vice President of the UDP Youth Wing, Bah Hamlet Dohling, while talking to reporters, said that the reason why the President of KHNAM, Bah Pyndap Saibon, has said many of these things is because of the personally.
"“We are aware of this and we also have our own part to play; as we say one or two or three leaders there are those who want to move not only from the TMC but also from others," he added. Dr. Mukul Sangma.
“Speaking to media, the Assistant General Secretary of the party, Bah Tyllibor Swer, questioned the Excise Department of the State Government and the District Council for allowing these illegal activities to operate without proper documentation.
Shillong: The JAC Mawshynrut Circle, today held a meeting at the FKJGP office in Riangdo in the presence of the HNYF, FKJGP, UHM and WKSU Mawshynrut Circle. Umdang area has decided not to continue its protest against the coke factories in the Shallang area.
He said the party has not come to the people by spending money, but has come to bring about a clean and true governance.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Esron Marweiñ said, “After the LSD disease has swept the state, we as beef vendors are in trouble and suffering because as cows. Many of the beef vendors have had to close their shops due to the market conditions.
VS Rathore said that this is a standing warrant issued by the Chief Judicial Magistrate of Tura Court.
The expenditure of the authorities here in the state which has created or solved all the problems is the fault of all those who have given sympathy to the authorities to live here.
He said, “Behold, I create new heavens and a new earth: and the former things shall not be remembered, nor come into mind.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah HM Shangpliang said, “We also sympathize with these employees of MCCL. They do not receive other payments that they deserve and many other benefits that they deserve as their rights.
He said the Minister has promised the KSU that she, together with the Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma will take up this issue in New Delhi.
On the other hand, the Executive Member of the Development Department, Bah Carnes Sohshang, said that these vehicles were purchased at a cost of Rs 4.47 crore.
CoMSO moves forward.
The Court will hear the case again on 18 November
The state government has confirmed to pay compensation to cow farmers after more than 9000 cows have been affected by Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD) in the state.
That day was over.
Teilinia said that in collaboration with the MLA, she can force the government to pass the District Council Bills which have been pending for a long time.
Don't talk about Dhaka, we need leaders whose Ministry of Finance is near, Ministry of Commerce is near, External Ministry is near, Dhaka is near, we are far away, far away. like London, Washington.
Inesha Bahun Dkhar is the third child of five siblings (three girls and two boys) of Maialang Dkhar from Trangblang West Jaintia Hills. Ineshabahun Dkhar has won a gold medal in the National Level in Kick Boxing Championship held in Punjab and another gold medal in Kick Boxing in Punjab. The National Level in Mauithai was held in Guwahati.
In private you have to pay 500 tyngka, money you don't have to pay? You pay shallan or you pay tika!
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Backward Region Grand Fund (BRGF) scheme of the Government of India has been implemented in three districts of Meghalaya.
He compares himself with them and feels that he is just a niut.
Jowai, November 04: Ladthadlaboh FC have qualified for the final of the U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy 2023 after winning the semi final.
Most of the cases were fish, beef and goat sellers, said Wu Zunyou, chief epidemiologist at the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention. speaking to reporters yesterday.
This is the intention of the YSR Congress to fulfill its election promise to pay a salary of T.5,000 to the pastors.
They do this because it is a dry country and they don't get rain like they get in Khasi-Jaintia.
The college has been affiliated with Shillong College for the first semester and is awaiting permission to affiliate with NEHU. He said that this will not only be a pride for Sohiong but for the region and the state. whole.
Then you went to Mrs. Demon Paswet of Jowai.
In order to resolve this issue, according to the order of the court and the letter No.JHADC/POL/9/2014/53, issued by the Jaintia District Council, which they have received in accordance with the order of the High Court. of Meghalaya Shillong WP (c) No.272 of 2014 Dt 18.08.2014, through the Deputy Secretary, Executive Committee & Returning Officer, Doloiship Election, Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council, Jowai.
As usual every year, as soon as the rainy season comes, especially before Christmas, the price of goods, especially clothes, has started to change dramatically. The price of clothes from jeans, juti to jackets has differed significantly from the price of clothes in the past few months.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 27: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawthadraishan Circle on Tuesday led by the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Kyrshanbor Mawlieh and Markos Marthong visited the road. Permadan village, which has been badly damaged especially during the rainy months which has caused inconvenience to the pedestrians especially the school children who pass through this road.
“Now is the time for all the elders, men, women, youth, political parties, civil society to join hands to force the Government and MLAs to implement the Meghalaya Transfer of Land Regulation Act. 1971 and to notify the competent authority to approve or prohibit the purchase of land by non-tribals in Meghalaya which the Government has not done for 40 years.
Shillong, Nailar 30 : The Trinamool Congress (TMC) has nominated former Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh as the party's candidate for the MP-Lok Sabha elections from the Shillong Parliamentary seat to be held in next year.
There are 21,464 confirmed cases in Assam so far.
“If the government doesn't listen to this demand, they will hold a massive protest in Shillong under the banner of All Meghalaya PM-Poshan,” said Jerry. Minister and Chief Minister that the government should increase the honorarium.
She said that while the search was being conducted on Friday and when the photographs were shown, some people saw them in Lad Marpna while they were shopping at about 6 pm. Wednesday).
Adding on the rules of peace talks, the Minister said that there are rules that are set in every talks and therefore if the government changes these rules for some groups it will create problems and lead to similar discussions with other groups.
Thus saith the LORD concerning Gaza; thus saith the LORD concerning Tyre;
They will join hands with local entrepreneurs in the rural areas of Meghalaya, to build and expand their businesses as well as to set up platforms for others to benefit.
Trivandrum and Guwahati will be able to host the games, while some places like Mohali, Indore, Rajkot, Ranchi and Nagpur will not be able to host them.
The resolution was defeated when Chairman Bah Fabian B Lyngdoh voted to listen to the voice of the members of the House.
Nongstoiñ: A surprising rainfall has fallen in Nonstoin town last night and this rainfall has been in the shape of a pum pum earthquake and it can be said that such an incident has never happened before. This kind of slap has surprised many people who have seen and heard it.
Shillong, October 1: The Meghalaya State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (MSCPCR) has demanded that the state government should set up a DNA testing facility at the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) in the state.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong to suggest the appointment of the VPP. Feeds Mill and AIS:140 Vehicle Tracking Project.
As the NPP and BJP are working together under the MDA 2.0 government and the NPP is part of the NEDA and NDA, perhaps the BJP will listen to Conrad.
“Speak first about the anti-mynder laws not only on the railway line and if you want to bring in the railway line, take action and verify the ILP,” said the statement.
During a visit to the Assam-Meghalaya border, on Saturday, at West Karbi Anglong, he said that this is the area where the Assam police on July 13 destroyed their camp. in Khatkhasla, while the Meghalaya Police have withdrawn from Psiar under Jirikindeng Police Station.
Shillong, Naitung 3: Police today arrested four coal trucks.
There is also a provision of Rs 1 crore for training of farmers in the project.
The program was attended by CEM Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Deputy CEM Pynshngain N Syiem, EMs and staff of KHADC. has issued a document “Fiducia Supplicans” on 18th November 2023 explaining that church leaders and priests cannot administer the sacrament of marriage to married couples of the same race. long men and women or same sex marriage but they cannot pray for blessings.
Shillong, Nailar 01 : The Meghalaya High Court on Monday ordered the establishment of parking lots to seize smuggled coal in trucks carrying cross-border in the state.
In the Under-16 Boys Shot Put category, Thrangki O Lipon of Govt.
“The Prime Minister has promised to issue an order to suspend the implementation of this scheme until the list is revised,” said the President of the KSU. Those who have not been named should apply again now, as the government has promised to do so”.
The total number of cases in the country has risen to 3,32,424 with 325 deaths in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of deaths to 9,5
At the same time, it was learned that some drivers of vehicles have been playing loud horns which has affected and disturbed the public and such acts have been declared as acts of disturbance to the public.
Jowai, Nailar 16: The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai has issued an order to inspect all the shops in Iawmusiang and Iawthymme.
As mentioned earlier, the team will get a day off after each of its games.
Besides, the MLA after the inspection urged the EE to take action to ensure that the water supply in Mawroh goes smoothly.
We must leave the best to future generations as Rev. Thomas Jones left behind before he completed his journey on this earth.
Previously, the summons had to go home.
Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has ordered the relevant authorities to provide detailed information regarding their inspection of the crops damaged by the floods. The reason for the cold weather and the rainfall and floods outside the rainy season in some parts of the state so that the farmers who have been severely affected can get assistance.
“The decision not to cooperate before the elections was taken before the MDC elections. Perhaps the cooperation can be after the elections.
He said that if this new arrangement is approved by the KHADC, it will empower the Rangbah Shnongs to maintain peace and order in the village.
“We want the government to suspend this hearing because this road as we all know is a road that has nothing to do with the uranium mining project, and the government should suspend this hearing because it has not yet. If the government cannot decide and hold a hearing, we are ready to go to the venue. "It's a hearing," said John Fisher.
“Rs 13,000 crore will be spent on this scheme,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Kharjahrin, General Secretary of the HYC, said that the order was issued by the High Court. they did not make laws to empower the Rangbah Shnong.
In the Under-17 match held at the 3rd Ground-Polo Ground, the team of Iewrynghep Sec. School beat Shillong College HS Education 2-0
On the same day, Bah Andrew Myrthong was welcomed as the new BDO.
What is this idea they did?.
The gold was smuggled from the India-Bangladesh border to Bholaganj.
The union strongly urged that such a school provides education and to improve that education, but to get that education, the children have to face the difficulty of harvesting the fruit. , students have to sit on the ground, because there are no benches or tables for students and teachers.
On the other hand, the Minister, Bah Brolding, after visiting these three villages, said that these villages have suffered many earthquakes and floods. Many houses have been destroyed in the Umngi River.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills has allowed the public to go to the market to buy food items from 9 am to 5 pm at the grocery stores and shops selling jhur and meat. puk sha Iawmusiang to buy necessities, without following the guidelines issued by the government and the health department to avoid going to crowded places and not to approach and keep a distance of 1 meter coronavirus in Jowai.
Therefore, those who still wish to give their opinions, can still send them to the KHADC office. The Preamble of this Act has stated that the principle stated since ancient times, is that the people The Khasi-Pnar system is based on the matrilineal system.
If we don't have safe and free drinking water, we can't do anything.
Ayoshee joined the PRIME program in April, benefiting greatly from investing in her startups.
“The Trinamool Congress this time has the aim of maintaining the freedom of the people from worship, work and other activities for the benefit of the people,” he said.
“There are about 50,000 elderly people to receive benefits from this scheme of the state government, but unfortunately many of them have not received the money in the last two years. The government will try to release the money to these people as soon as possible,” he said.
At the end of the rice field, there are two streams, the Phodspung and the Jeidohkroh rivers, which meet together and cause the river to flow through the middle of the rice field and meet again with the river. Umnamlang before meeting the Kynshi River.
On the part of the Chief Guest, Bah Kyrmen Shylla and the Symbud Chief Guest, Santa Mary Shylla, encouraged the farmers to develop this agriculture and also the apiculture industry. Mission.
Lad-sutnga village has called the village to search for the child.
The Voice of People Party (VPP) led by Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit has surprised many people after winning four constituencies.
College.
“We are happy that we are working here and in this area there is no pollution even though the garbage comes from the villages but there is no pollution.
The inhabitants live and farm on their own land which is well suited to the Khurit or Rikynti.
The Saudis, who beat Argentina in the group stage of the World Cup in Qatar, have been without a coach since Herve Renard left to take over as coach. in France.
Greta Solution Training Academy, Jowai has concluded the Street Vendors Training sponsored by MSSDS, Shillong in collaboration with the Skill Development Cell, Kiang Nangbah. Government College Jowai on Thursday held a ceremony at the Multi-Purpose Hall of Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai.
Now we have to have a spirit of patriotism, no matter if we are in any job, if it is from the rich to the rulers of the kingdom or state they should say I will work for the country, not for but the determination and self-blessing that it is through that job that they have received is the opportunity to do something for the nation.
In order to resolve the ongoing dispute between the Karbi and Khasi Pnars in the border area over the revenue collection gate set up by the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) at Khanduli, the Chairman of the Regional Committees ( RC) of Assam and Meghalaya will conduct a visit to Khanduli village after the celebration of Independence Day.
Central government departments like ICAR, Health, NESAC, UGC, Power, MSME, Sports Authority of India and others participated in the meeting for the development of the region.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the presence of many farmers' markets will allow the government to set the price of agricultural products, and this will prevent the farmers from taking advantage of the price of agricultural products. state.
On the other hand, speaking on the opportunity for drug traffickers to traffic and spread drugs in the State, Bah Paul said that this problem has increased because it is not the drug traffickers. There are not only local traders from this State, but there are also foreign traders who help to deliver to this State as Meghalaya is also the gateway to other States.
The DCPO said that the police investigation and post mortem have been completed at the Civil Hospital, Ialong.
On receiving information about the rally, the Governor, who is abroad, rushed to Shillong and said that he is now in Shillong with the media. They also said that the Governor may also call for a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs tomorrow at his residence.
The Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT) has decided to burn down all goods imported from China and stop selling these goods at 1,500 outlets in India. in Delhi, they continue to sell these items which they have bought and which came from China.
Sikkim, who won the toss, allowed Meghalaya to tied first, scoring 318 runs for the loss of five wickets.
The seized sugar and the two persons were handed over to the Bholaganj Custom office for further action.
If people do not repent, we do not know how many will survive the wrath of God against this present world.
Three women were killed in New Saiton area of ​​Churachandpur district where two houses collapsed and another in Wari area of ​​Kakching district where a banyan tree fell on them. an.
I cannot concentrate while reading the articles and in case there comes shadowing as if I am afraid.
Other sources said that there is an intention to charge Anthony under the Meghalaya Prevention Detention Ordinance (MPDA) and if so, as discussed with the police, it will be the second time. The former KSU leader Kharbuli was arrested under the same Act in 1987 along with Bah Bull N Lyngdoh. of Silchar.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday refused to grant bail to three leaders of the Tura protest, including former MCS and MPS officer Labenn Ch. .
It is learned that although the talks have taken place, they have not yet reached the party leaders as many of them are still in the process of forming a new government.
The construction of this Police Reserve will enable the police to provide better services to the public.
According to a statement issued by the KJDSTA Mawlai Unit, they said that today there was a strong protest against the Principal at his office, for delaying the salaries of teachers who have not paid their salaries. it has not been received until now.
These include EGH: 21, EJH: 02, EKH: 58, NGH: 23, RBD: 48, SGH: 10, SWGH: 15, SWKH: 05, WGH: 69, WJH: 45 and WKH:
This has put the residents in great trouble.
“The police are trying to mislead the public by portraying the incident in the form of a sdien phasi.
“And this shall be a sign unto you; Ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger” Luke 2:1
“We have met with the Deputy Commissioner and on our part we have requested him to ensure that no one can register this tourist attraction in Mawsynram. “It's a village that has received the heaviest rainfall in the world,” said the members of the Executive Dorbar Shnong Mawsynram.
Therefore, to ensure that our joy even after many months of Curfew and Lockdown will be successful and meaningful, we will strengthen the Community Covid Management Committees (CCMCs) which have been established in each village. One Dorbar Shnong under the leadership of the Block Development Officers by helping to fulfill their responsibilities especially those Community Covid Management Committees (CCMCs) who have arrived many quarantined persons, by doing so we also request The Government has banned Home Quarantine.
The men die ri are those who don't want to read even if they have the opportunity.
They too have decided to contest the elections in 2023 and intend to help clean up politics, which has become too corrupt in this era, through their dedicated service to the people as much as they can. of their of the borbriew.
He said that in the state, Block I and Block II and Langpih are areas where there is conflict and the government should give them land in these areas so that the people of this area can live in peace. .
In the first leg of the tournament, Mawten SC beat Pyndengrei SC 2-1
Ecclesiastes said, “I know that whatever God has done will last forever.
“We demand that the BSF and the government should provide for the needs of the children of Bah Roning until they are unemployed and should pay compensation for their murder. HITO Pynursla Circle President Bah I.Khongtani said.
On the other hand, Prestone expressed his confidence that these candidates will win as the NPP party won the most votes in the last MLA election.
The Congress won only 44 seats.
" Deisy stated.
However, the employees of the council have been angry with this decision during the lockdown because the people have not come to the JHADC office and it is not a necessary office like other offices because many of them have this job. office is and public records.
These office bearers were confirmed by Bah Donbok Khymdeit, former MLA and President of the UDP in Ri Bhoi. Lawrence Nongrum, General Secretary, Donkupar Sumer, Working President and other office bearers of the UDP in Ri Bhoi.
The village is located in the Kuyavian-Pomeranian region and has also been invited to host the European Athletics Indoor Championships in
Later, police arrested four persons involved in drug trafficking including two men and two women from a house in Lumsohphoh, Lower Mawprem.
Applications after the deadline will not be accepted.
This family is also suffering because it is the household of a woman who takes care of all the needs of the household and five children including three girls and two boys after the father of the house is no more.
Although the Minister read from a previously written article, she could not complete her Republic speech at the rally in Gwalior on the morning of 26th July
It was only after the takeover of the BJP Government under the leadership of Narendra Modi that the Central Government started to turn its attention to the area and invest development projects.
INDIAWOOD 2022 to help promote wood products market INDIAWOOD 2022 will be held from 2 to 6 July Shillong: The NuernbergMesse India, INDIAWOOD The 12th International Exhibition of Woodworking Factories in Asia will be held from 2 to 6 July at the Bangalore International Exhibition Centre, Bengaluru. .
For the first time, the International Film Festival was organized by the Meghalaya Filmmakers' Association (MeFA) in collaboration with Meghalaya Tourism.
In the meeting with the Associate Professor, the members of the union gave a strong warning to the teacher and immediately threatened that if such incidents happen again against the Khasi students, the union will take strong action against this teacher.
The KSU through the Education Cell, has requested the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of South West Khasi Hills District, who is also the Minister of Education, today. District Disaster Management Authority to expedite relief measures to Khlur Rit School Govt.
Dr Kharlukhi also denied Dr Mukul Sangma's allegation that the NPP is trying to force MLAs from other parties to contest the 2023 MLA election.
“The Congress party has to think carefully about this issue,” said Pynshngaiñ. He said that the lack of reply from V. Narayanasamy shows that the report of the meeting and discussion. It will reach the ears of Congress President Sonia Gandhi.
Publicity Secretary: Shibaitlang Rymbai
According to him, the VIP road will pass from Mawlai By-Pass to Mawlai Umsaw and then to Umrynjah and connect to the airport until it reaches the Shillong By-Pass.
On the other hand, the KJDSTA has requested the school authorities to cooperate with the teachers to give leave to those who wish to take part in the day.
Ltd, while Orion Health Foods Pvt.
Many churches and leaders have not yet accepted that they can get sufficient leaders from other parties for the post of prime minister.
In conclusion, he said that it is now necessary for the farmers to know where to market their products because if they cannot do so, their hard work will be in vain.
On the temporary strike in Umroi, Albinus said, “The MLA doesn't know, the MDC doesn't know, nobody has informed anything, only see in the newspapers”. The Congress has its full office bearers in the block under the leadership of Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, MLA from Umroi Constituency.
Teresa Kamasuam FMA, CRI Shillong President Fr.Laurence Kharluni, Shillong Archdiocese, Br.
In the first half, Maitshaphrang FC failed to score the first goal of the match. In the second half, Maitshaphrang FC scored the first goal of the match. Maitshaphrang FC scored the first goal of the match through a player wearing jersey number 11 who scored the first goal of the match. to qualify for the quarter finals of the tournament.
Nongstoin, June 20: The residents of Muliang Area, Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, are still backward and neglected in all aspects from economy, education and health. , street, road.
Therefore, the Sports Club invites the people of the village and the entire area to come and witness this tournament and to support the various sports teams.
This came after they lost seven wickets in the semi-final against Friends United CC on Friday.
If this government continues to insult the people, all Khasi should come forward.
Shillong: Stenson Kharbudon, 56, of Mawngap Mawphlang Sumar, Shillong died on 08-06-2 , Shillong on 01-06-2021 Wanshai Phanbuh, 41, of Nongmynsong, died on 01-06-2 Sonowel Dkhar, 45, of Nongrah Umjapung, Nongmarboh, passed away at his home on 08-06-2 Kerliam Dkhar, 64 of Demthring JowaiSumar died on 08-06-2021Cause of death: Covid Pneumonia with co-morbiditiesU 67 admitted to Civil Hospital Shillong on 02-06-2021 Died on 09-06-2021 Hillarius Lamare, 50 admitted to Civil Hospital Shillong on 02-06-2 Elias Khongshun, 68, was admitted to Supercare Hospital on 23-05-2021. He died on 08-06-2 Aiti Kharjana, 60, of Sohiong, died at home on 08-06-2021Aiti Kharjana, 60, of Sohiong, died at home on 08-06-2 , 71 of Laitjem died at home on 08-06-2021Sajina Sangma, 21 of Jengjal, West Garo Sumar died at Civil Hospital Tura on 02-06-2 Lakhon Biam, 53, of Khliehtyrshi Hospital died on 06-06-2021 at Supercare Hospital on 24-05-2 Aibor Phawa, 60, of Namdong West Jaintia Sumar, died on 08-06-2021Cause of death: Severe Covid-19 pneumonia with co-morbiditiesGoene Sangma, 60, of North Dam Garra Tura Civil Hospital on 08-06-2021Death on 08-06-2021Cause of death: Covid-19 Pneumonia.
When asked how confident he is to win, Bah Ransom said that when doing anything you need to have confidence and especially with the support of your family and the support of of the residents of this constituency, he is confident of winning this election.
Bhatia is currently in custody.
At the same time, Laitphar said that the party has already understood that if the Government does not do anything on this issue, there will be no other way, but to take a decision. hard.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hamletson Dohling recalled the selflessness of the heroes who stood on the foundation of the struggle without bloodshed like Mahatma Gandhi, Jawaharlal Nehru, Sardar Vallabhai Patel and Subhas Chandra Bose who led the way for the struggle. Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan Sangma who sacrificed their lives for our freedom. from the heroes of the army, paramilitary and police who have sacrificed their lives to protect their border, maintain sovereignty and fight against terrorism.
How to apply How to apply.
The reason why the UDP and PDF have left to support the NPP is on the grounds that two HSPDP MLAs and one Independent have left to support the NPP. They have decided to join hands with the NPP as they have done in the past five years.
Lakador Syiem has been transferred and appointed as the Superintendent of Police (Anti-Infiltration) Shillong.
The destruction of natural resources, the felling of trees and shrubs pollutes the environment over time only for the sake of wealth and not for the sake of urgent needs in their lives.
The march was led by Harka Bahadur Chetry, head of the Gorkha Autonomous Council Demand Committee (GACDC), which includes 30 lakh Gorkhas in Assam. They marched from Mukong Selek, Jonai in Dhemaji district to Dispur, Guwahati, a 650 kilometer march, which started on 19th November to protest against the discrimination against the Gorkhas in Assam. in relation to the registration of names in the National Register of Citizens (NRC).
The Nepalese soldiers, commonly referred to as the Gurkhas, were famous for their bravery and unique fighting styles, and were able to work with the British and Indian armies after the Independence of India in 1947 under the agreement of cooperation between these three countries.
At the same time, the District authorities were requested to find land for these land dealers.
Until now, there is no employment, no food and drink and now people have to live in poverty for a while, in order to provide for their children. They cannot refuse to work in the coal mines just to earn a living, because the State Government has not helped them at all.
Nita Ambani, chairperson of the Reliance Foundation, has a bag containing 200 lynnai stones worth Rs 2.6 crore. .
The United Democratic Party (UDP) is ready to announce the names of its candidates for the Shillong and Tura parliamentary seats this month.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem together with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Titos Chyne today launched the New Channel of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). more information to the public on the working methods of the District Council and the working of the Executive Committee.
Dr Laloo said that there are two dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills, Star Cement and Dalmia Cement. The disease can be transmitted from one person to another and can infect up to 16 people a year if patients do not take antibiotics.
Aitilang also accused the Auditor of the Meghalaya Society for Social Audit and Transparency (MSSAT) of being involved in this corruption by helping to cover up the work that the road has not been completed. CCRoad however has issued a report saying that they have completed a public hearing on the construction of this road.
In East Khasi Hills, 13 children, West Khasi Hills 50, Ri-Bhoi 3, West Jaintia Hills 10, East Jaintia Hills one, South West Khasi Hills 11, South Garo Hills 40, South West In Garo Hills, 47 in North Garo Hills, 15 in East Garo Hills and 50 in West Garo Hills.
Data can play a major role to promote preparedness, control of the presence and spread of the disease.
Adding to her speech, the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, C.Kharkongngor, IAS said that the spread of drug abuse around the world affects not only the user but also the family. family and society.
“And in the days of those kings shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom which shall never be destroyed, nor shall the sovereignty thereof be left to another people;
“In the past, when there was a strong armed group in Meghalaya, the HNLC used to hang in front of the people the criminals who commit such acts,” said Marconi. added, but now it is no longer heard that people are afraid and have dared to commit these acts.
The reason for the removal of Wilas Pale by the Raij Nongjngi Dorbar is after the Dorbar found that the failure to register the Election Dolloi of Nongjngi Elaka was a single case. Jowai, without any information through the Raij Nongjngi.
This was done after receiving information that some people had planned to carry large sums of money to throw money at the voters.
Our party is shocked to see this news, and any intention to join hands with the National President of the NPP is groundless,” said NPP spokesperson Himalaya M Shangpliang.
After several goals, the SLFC tried to replace the goalkeeper by introducing Wanteilang Malngiang, but this attempt did not stop Mawlai from increasing their scoring.
Not covetous, not covetous, not covetous;
Meghalaya's first match will be against Bengal on the 12th of this month.
Shillong: U Professor Lakhon Kma has announced that he will enter politics and contest the MP election this time.
Rahul Gandhi, Vice President of the Congress party, spoke about the scheme for the welfare and development of the people in the country.
He appreciated the steps taken by the states to ensure the supply of food items to foreigners under the One Nation One Ration Card (ONORC) scheme.
“The loss of electricity from the loss of 4 units in the state is 122 MW and from NEEPCO is 46-50 MW and now the state has a shortage of electricity of up to 180 MW. hope to be able to make it soon.
Many of those who went to all the government offices, have left these days.
The employment is also caused by their own people who are imported from abroad, while our youngsters have to go to work in many foreign factories.
There were some members of the KSU, who said that if they find him, they will give him a stronger feeling until he understands and that he should learn to respect the Khasi Longkmie.
“We have demanded that the government should expedite this work,” said Bah Marwein.
Step War said that this system of village governance in Krang has caused a lack of understanding in the khaddar administration and misunderstanding among the villagers. “When a person dies, we are sometimes ashamed to tell when people from outside the village ask about the lack of recognition in the way they leave the village,” said Bah L Step War.
He said that the party has raised this issue not only to win the elections but will implement it even after the elections.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the members of the church said that the robbery happened on Sunday night.
A time when there is righteous rule, righteous judgment and mutual respect.
According to the South Delhi Municipal Corporation (SDMC), there are more than 1 lakh stray dogs and half of them have been abandoned. 90,000, and in North Delhi there are more than 1 lakh smugglers.
Immediately, there were those who put rephri, who immediately threw the writer and said “red cross”.
These 3 (persons) are united in one God.
The death toll has risen to 11, including six who have not been injected.
The High Court on the 10th of this month said that it is a shameful incident that has happened to the three village leaders and in the order it said that the wives of the three village leaders. The village leaders have requested the court to order an investigation by the SIT or CBI and the court has ordered that the Investigation Officer (IO) should bring the investigation. The report has just been submitted to the court and he is also scheduled to appear on the 14th of July.
It's true what you say,,even to go to your village they don't allow those children of ksew who act like children of men,,I really hate their violence,,,like They should remove their jobs completely so that they can understand how much it affects the poor who don't have enough jobs.
(Snenglem A.Kurbah)a The incident of violence in Sri Lanka in Sri Lanka, in the jungle, has been a tragic incident for the people in that area and the whole world for the Catholic Christians in particular, and from for all sympathetic Christians, because the attack was not in the midst of a prepared battle.
The semi final was opened by the President Bah Kitbok Thabah, together with Ban Sain Kupar D.Fankon. Bloomingstar Sylliang for the Best Singer of the Day and Boby Shangdiar for the Best Dancer of the Day. Anup Suna, who is also a Bollywood dance teacher in Mumbai and the first to teach the training of Folk Fitness and Bollywood Fitness King, has also worked in Mumbai for eight years and has also taught dance in Marathi and Bollywood films. Film, he is also a student of Shiamak Daver, he is also a dance teacher across the states like Mumbai, Assam, Delhi, Nepal and Bengaluru.
Perhaps it is better not to expect too much from the recruitment policy.
If the Constitution of the country can be amended, according to the time or when necessary, it is not difficult to amend the old resolution.
Rangdajied started with several tries which were saved by Kerichard and Mawlai lost two tries.
“Hei hei, Deisy, don't do that, you'll clean me...” said Riia. “Yes, I'll clean you...” Deisy said, “Yes, yes, ...I'll clean you.
It is also shocking to see that the school children who pass through this road have to take off their shoes to hold in their hands because of the slowness of the road due to the heavy rainfall in these few days. Vehicles have difficulty in passing, besides that this road is in poor condition and needs a scheme to be painted again.
Himanta's statement shows that he has no knowledge of this community.
The SOPs were introduced with the intention that only a few wealthy people and companies will control and monopolize the coal mining industry in Meghalaya and the middle-income people ( middle class) will no longer be able to work in coal mining because they find it difficult to have land up to 100 (shispah) hectares and this will lead to the accumulation of wealth not only for a few but for many. they just have to watch.
In another development, the MHA will convene a meeting next month with the two organizations that have surrendered in Garo Hills, the ANVC and the ANVC-B.U Joint Secretary of the Ministry of Home Affairs. Satyendra Garg, Chief Minister of North Eastern Region, has arrived in the state and held a meeting with senior officials to discuss how to implement the peace agreement.
Valentine's Day is also a time when we witness what we call “moral policing” or intimidation and explaining to young people how to dress? where to walk? where to go? There are also cases where young people are being tortured and tortured.
When they tried to throw food into the river, it was found that the number of fish was almost equal to that of Nan Polok, because of the fish's movement, the water became very thick.
The works that are not done have been destroyed and have been destroyed; All this is the action of the government which aims to violate the rights, to raise the issues of the people, where the youth have been standing up to speak and demand from time to time.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The State Government has decided to declare a public holiday on the 22nd July every year as a special day to commemorate Rev Thomas Jone, one of the founders of the Khasi alphabet.
He recalled that from time to time the 33 KV Power Station has been discussed and should be implemented for the benefit of the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi. This may be one of the reasons for the power outage in the area.
This is after the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Prestone, has issued a directive to the District Council to find another place for the cow market after listening to the concerns of the groups. Khasi Jaintia Butcher Association.
He said the Congress' no confidence motion today to overthrow the MDA government led by Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma is wrong.
Dey rejected the fears of the people that if the dam is built, it will cover their land and they will become refugees.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said, “I am sure that the law will stand firm and the law will take its own path and if they are really those who are illegal, in the end they will have to prepare. to leave this place".
