He added that the party has seen the problems of the people in the district but what is sad and surprising to the party is that through the relationship between foreigners from Assam and those people who do not The fact that they are High Level has caused problems to the people who are still in trouble because their coal has been confiscated by the government, but it is surprising that these foreigners who have ties with these The High Level has illegally smuggled coal from East Jaintia Hills District to Malidor, Assam. The question is whether this seizure of coal is only for the small farmers or for all. ? “If the coal has been confiscated by the government, why are these High Level companies still able to market the coal to Malidor?
They include Juh Pa and Juh Nongtdu who won the gold medal, Fivestar Bareh who won the silver medal and Daniella I Wanda Mylliemngap who won the silver medal.
Now it is no longer the responsibility of the Gentiles but the responsibility of the Jews to destroy this generation because the Lord has spoken.
Therefore, what shall we do?
He said that the cow farming industry is very profitable due to the availability of fertilizer for planting crops such as riewhadem, jhur ki jhep and others.
For the Samaritan Award 2023-2024, Monlang Talang of Nongbareh Rim Village for rescuing a leopard cat, Hynruki Dkhar of Barato and Sambha Dhar of Ladthadlaboh, Jowai were awarded Slow Loris and Achuhmi. Mupliang Village caught Masked Palm Civet, Marbanki Law caught Asian Barred Owlets.
“I am the happiest person today who has been able to give this aid, no matter what the world says, no matter what I have the opportunity to help others,” said Bah Dasakhiat.
Madankynsaw Mowkyndeng beat Mukhla Umlangshor 3-0 in the final of the 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
M.Rapsang handed over the prizes to the winners.
The death toll from the coronavirus in China has risen to 1,110, with 94 deaths in Hubei province on Tuesday.
“Bah PS DKhar is also the Head of the District who can communicate with the people without any discrimination,” said JYF President Poipynhun Majaw.
Pay For Right FT Academy will play against Mylliem Grass Root in the first match at 11:00 pm.
Shillong, March 14: The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) will hold its meeting on the 16th of this month at Ri Khasi Free Morning U.P.School, New Nongstoin. , West Khasi Hills District at 12 noon.
Meghalaya will play against Uttarakhand in Mangaldai, Assam on 5th November.
Shillong, March 11: An employee of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MU DA) has been arrested for allegedly taking up to T.2000 to issue an Occupancy Certificate (OC) for a house under construction in Mawlai Mawiong. even in fact the price is only T.72 (ninety-two tyngka).
Even if the older ones are shown, it will be a byrngem byrsit to shoot and beat the bapli.
The Rambrai area includes Mawdoh to Kyrshai area where the number of villages has reached more than 1000 villages.
From roles to be obtained to implied privileges and intentions to deceptively mislead.
He also urged the farmers to inform the relevant government authorities if they encounter any problems such as insect damage and others, said the President of HFU Thadlaskein Block. bah Red Mountain.
The allocation of funds for these schemes was on 13th November 2018, with the allocation of Rs 1,25,27,500 for 35 projects, in which 1,25,27,500 for the purchase of sopïing tins to the poor BPL households, but the distribution of these tins to the beneficiaries has to be done according to the rules. The MLA of any constituency must first send the names of the beneficiaries to the BDO, who will then send the names of the beneficiaries. The Chairman of DRDA and the Deputy Commissioner of the district must also obtain approval before sending these schemes to the beneficiaries.
He was responding to a question by the Leader of the Northern Party, Bah TW Chyne and MDC Bah Teiñwell Dkhar in the Budget Session of the KHADC. Shella Confederacy has not been able to hold elections for more than 15 years and has not been able to hold elections in the Shella Confederacy. He urged the EM Elaka to expedite this issue especially as the Khaddar system is well known.
“The emergence of businessman politicians is the main reason why the State has not been able to produce statesmen who think and see far for the future of the State and the Nation. ".
"This means that, in order to protect all before the law, in order for them to be equal, there must be a difference in the meaning of the word Equal, when we talk about two cases that are not yet equal.
Fear: There are 3 ideas for this year's theme.
The tournament was inaugurated on the 7th March 2022 by Bah L.Tariang ADC South West Khasi Hills District.
They also said that the people of the two districts have faced many difficulties after being affected.
Speaking on these issues, the need to revive the Khana Pateng of the Jaidbynriew is to write down the Khana Pateng and the events that happened in the Jaidbynriew. These are the things in the education in schools or colleges so that the children of this heritage and also the youth of the Jaidbynriew will know their heritage, understand their Jaidbynriew and have a first love. I'm your own.
Shillong, November 03: The Shillong College Central Library, Shillong has organized a four-day seminar on the topic, “Beyond books: Unveiling the Digital Realm” for students. in the First Semester.
Dead pigs shall not be buried in a well or shall not be thrown into the rivers, streams, or in the fields.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said, “This university is a Technical University which has only a few courses but for some reasons and challenges we have faced in the past years and To ensure that the State will have its own university, the Cabinet has decided to convert this Technical University into a full State University”.
He said there is an understanding as the elders that there is no one who has asked for permission to contest from one party and such supporters in the constituencies have already known and there is no need. The NPP, especially its National President, is afraid and shocked at the Trinamool Congress when he sees it rising every day.
In the Under-10 category, Markasa SC beat St. Joseph's Sec School 6-0, Little Star Clouded Leopard FC beat Amigos FC 3-1 Shillong: Leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Barak Valley Circle together with the leaders of BVKJWO beat Springfield SC by 4 goals to 1 goal. They visited Khajura Khasi village today, where they found for themselves, the loss and damage of kwai trees and other farmland in the village.
This is a serious threat to the Ri War area,” said Bah Edmund and said that it was on this issue that they came to meet the Minister.
The Lok Sabha will end on 1st July 2014 and the new House should come into operation before 31st June
“He (Dr Mukul) told me that he has decided to contest because there is a chance of winning,” said Ma Pala.
Mairang: As part of the SVEEP Campaign for the Special Summary Revision of the Electoral Roll with 01-01-2022 as the qualifying date, the office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (EL), Mairang, West Khasi Hills will hold an Online Music Video and Short Video Clips competition under the theme “Greater Participation for a Stronger Democracy” for the residents of 30-Mairang (ST) Assembly Constituency and 31-Mawthadraishan (ST) Assembly Constituency and The prizes for the winners will be as follows:-1st Prize 4000/-2nd Prize 2000/-3rd Prize 1000/-1st Prize 4000/-2nd Prize 2000/-3rd Prize 1000/-Those who wish to win Please send your Music Video or Short Skit Clip on or before 30th March 2021 to the Computer Room (Election) of the Sub Divisional Officer (EL) Mairang. to send via Whatsapp to 7005652549 during office hours.
The Chief Guest said that this office has cost more than Rs 6 crore and the reason is that this office is one of the busiest offices in the government because it has many jobs. and day-to-day government operations.
“It is the duty of the MLAs to make the rules but they don't want to, they want women to run away from their husbands and take advantage of the politicians to fight for their problems so that they can They are their vote banks in the place where they implement the Act,” said Michael.
The song is composed by Ebenezer Lapang and performed by Banseng Sohiong and Ebenezer Lapang.
Khliehriat, March 5 :The Hindu festival of Dusseshra (Maha Navami Dashmi) has come to an end today, with the deities of two puja pandals in the East. Jaintia Hills District has been distributed to the prepared areas.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has given an example of how to politicize the coronavirus.
However, as soon as the rainy season started, the road was broken and destroyed, because the cleaning was done by a new method of construction which was cleaned with the soil and a chemical known as ANT without. and don't be afraid.
The two films, Mission Mangal and Batla House, which will be released on the 15th of July, are patriotic films and therefore, it will be a big hit in the country. the Cinema house.
He said that during the meeting, they also discussed the special allocation for Khasi students, as the university is located in the state, where it is the right of the citizens to study there.
He also asked whether the police did not give him any opportunity to try him but they shot him because these policemen violated the fundamental rights of the residents of the state.
When asked about the disease, Ahmed said that his brothers have been suffering from this disease for about five years. They were sent to a hospital in Bangaigoan, Guwahati where the hospital initially promised not to charge money and not to donate blood but after two or three blood donations, the hospital has refused to donate blood. Rahim said that there is a shortage of blood in the hospital (Blood Bank) so they have to buy it.
This has been happening since March 14th.
B Khonglah, RS, President, President, Nongmynsong Women's Welfare Associations, R Kharbangar, L Kharbangar, S Kharbangar, Smit, President & Secretary Seng Samla kur Kharshiing, Bah P Dongbah, Mawlai Mawhunai, Nonglum, GS Road, including University and College teachers.
Because it is true that the saying goes “as you sow so shall you reap”.
Sachin Kumar scored 11 runs in the innings, but the other teammates failed to score and Meghalaya lost all wickets for 157 runs.
Many of the Synod worshipers today to Nonglang Church have had to turn back halfway on receiving information that there has been an accident in Nonglang. Nongspung where 17 people have died.
She informed the authorities that she had the disease on Tuesday last month.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today directed the DGP to conduct an inquiry into the injuries sustained by the KSU during the Citizenship Day. The CAB Amendment Bill 2016 has been passed in Shillong.
Russia's war on Ukraine has lasted a day and Ukraine's president says 137 civilians and soldiers have been killed and 316 wounded in the fighting. thma of the two Countries.
B. The rank and responsibility of the last: Women who receive the inheritance of the mother, the beloved mother, often wonder why the last receives more than the inheritance, when she is born. to this world later and thus, less than to see the sun and the moon but in the distribution, she receives more from her sisters.
It was also found that in the United States, smokers are the most likely to die.
He said the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Secretary in charge of Home Affairs Prestone Tynsong have said that the door is still open for talks with the HNLC. I also spoke on the occasion of the Republic Day.
They say that most of those who have fallen victim to this drink are young people, even those who are young.
He hid himself in a corner of the house.
The total number of confirmed cases has risen to 6606 and the death toll has risen to
Many residents including women were injured in the incident.
To prevent these crimes especially from the drug addiction of the youth, the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit has also demanded that the government should set up recreational centers to provide training to these youth. There is also a need to set up Training Centers for the youth to provide training in various fields so that they can stand on their own feet whether it is in the field of work. employment or other activities to help young people avoid alcohol abuse.
He must also cooperate with the investigation teams if necessary and must also pay two bail bonds worth Rs 50,000, said Judge W Diengdoh in his order.
Moonstar Marbaniang said that Tyllilang Myrthong has acted alone without the knowledge of others.
Speaking after the announcement of the winner, Singhvi said, “Any party that nominates a candidate when it has only 25 MLAs while the government has 43 MLAs gives only one message and that is it’s that they were going to do something that was illegal.
The 12-digit Aadhaar card, which is intended to be implemented across India, is now being implemented by the Government of India for cows and goats as well.
Furthermore, the problem of the Khasi language is that it cannot improve, because the students in schools, when they don't take the subject, they have started to forget even to speak it at home. shed.
The RTI reply has shocked the ECC because there are ministers of the MDA government who are involved in the construction of coal mining factories and there are also villagers who are involved in this work, but they get only a small amount and more. took foreign merchants.
The price of bapli is only 5000/- (Three thousand) tyngka for three years.
Mawpat SC struggled to turn the tide but managed to score only 10 goals through Calvinnidi Pyngrope in the 59th minute.
I feel that only those who have been involved in the past have been invited because they have been invited from Bhoi, War Thain West and Sor.
You have the confidence to reach the pinnacle of success.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 19: The government has allocated funds for the construction of a 10.5 kilometer footpath from Mawphanlur to Mawthadraishan Hills. There is a large pond through which the footpath passes.
The opening ceremony was conducted by W Lyngdoh, President of the Sein Raij Mukhla.
Peace cannot be built through inequality, violence, violence.
“I have personally monitored this issue and I am pleased to inform that the Ministry of Road Transport has allocated Rs 681.63 crore as land fee and now we are waiting for the money to reach the Deputy Commissioners. “We will receive this money within this fiscal year,” said Prestone.
Melvin Lyngdoh scored 17' & 39', Nathan Suna 61', Pynyoo Bang 69' and Chembun Suna 70'
Uranium is one of the most important minerals.
The meeting was attended by more than 100 residents including parents, youth and leaders of Kongthong Welfare Shillong, Shillong which is a group of Kongthong residents living elsewhere and especially in Shillong.
Not only that, the union also found that the public toilets inside the hospital do not even have a door.
Xavi took over Barca in November 2021 after leaving Qatari club Al Sadd and led Barca to the title. winner of the tournament in Spain in the 2022-23 season.
“They brought in experts who are knowledgeable on the matter and aired uh a decent recommendation to formulate such a policy.
Before the ribbon cutting, a short meeting was held by Fedrick Synnah, Ex-Chairman of Mihmyntdu Catholic Church. Thank you to the owner of the house, Mrs. Smiti Phawa.
Earlier, the government provided assistance only if 50 percent of their crops were damaged.
However, only 15 players selected will be able to travel to Vadodara for the U-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy.
Shillong: There have been 75 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today.
In fact, the FKJGP had tried to meet the Superintendent of GPO, Dina Nath Prasad, but he was not in his office. Khongbri said that the meeting was not clear, but after the meeting was not clear, the Sengbhalang leaders went to meet the DPS of Ing Dak to discuss the matter. good with him.
“There are many schools established by the villages, religious schools which are very old in Sohiong constituency but they have not received any scheme while this college which was just opened on 25th July 2016 has received the scheme. “It's not been since 2012-2013, 2013-2014,” said Curtis Rani.
It is a pride for the constituency if the leaders are able to work well and especially to advocate for the issues of the region or the state and the nation.
He said that the government's decision to move forward in the recruitment process is because if the recruitment is extended, the beneficiaries are the youth. I'm not going to apply to the government.
Why does the Government look to these unclean things to strengthen the budget? It is our advice to you to fight against the evil thoughts during the time of Corona (or Covid-19) not by yourself, but by doing what God wants us to do. (see also Micah 6:8).
The BSF chased the truck for 10 km and seized it near a petrol station, Umkiang.
Shillong, March 25: The sixth training program was held at Pomlahier village, Mawryngkneng, East Khasi District on 24th March, 2015 on the explanation and use of pesticides among the farmers from Mawryngkneng. get less money.
The fire reminds us of something inside our heart.
“Only those who know how to write their names and sign cannot say that they are educated but from class VIII onwards we have to include them in the list of literacy,” said Bah Chyne. He added that education does not mean that one should get a government job but it is necessary for the development of agriculture as well.
However, now you don't know anymore because you're too strong.
On the other hand, we should also praise the shooting style of the film which shows that our Khasi are very skilled in shooting and making films especially to try to follow the shooting style as done in Bollywood movies.
Tura, March 25: The General Secretary of the Meghalaya Janata Dal (United) Joshua Ch.
In this incident, a man allegedly shot dead three others and then shot himself.
He said that during the meeting, it was agreed that the department will once again visit Majai to collect the license.
According to a statement published in the Bengal Observer, Richard Bedingfield was not allowed to ask questions.
So far, no one has been arrested for the incident, the report said.
One of the issues discussed at the meeting was on how to maintain and maintain the equipment used in these health centers through solar power and to train the staff of the health facilities to be able to repair or improve when there are failures and especially to provide health facilities to the public at the lowest cost and environmentally friendly.
Cricket Scotland (CS) has announced the release of the 15 Scottish cricketers for the upcoming ICC Men's World Cup qualifiers. in Zimbabwe from the 18th of next month.
The training was held at Vanni's Hall St. Peter's Pyndengrei in the presence of about 40 students of Class XII (Science) from various schools and colleges in the area. come to take part.
He said that the delay is a violation of the ration distribution law.
The training was held at the Lion Mission Compound and was attended by the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) on Thursday.
Surprisingly, the BJP in Delhi said he had died, while the hospital where he was admitted said he was still in critical condition.
If it works for the people, it should also work for the big parties and the powerful rulers,” he said, adding that the Congress will continue to gather information and take action on this issue.
Seinraij Ialong President Pyrkhat Shylla said that the festival has started on the 2nd of July and will end on the 10th of July at Tre-Pyrda in Ialong.
The Real Growth Company of Chennai has constructed the meat processing plant opposite the Marten-Mawlai Mawiong landfill at a cost of T.22 crore. since 2011.
According to information received, these Khasi villages which have been seized by the Assam Forest Department are known as Durgacherra, Durbintilla and Dabinalla.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister praised the hard work of MLA Marcuise Marak for taking the initiative to bring in various groups to resolve this issue.
Together with the parent, he can guide the children in the path that they feel comfortable with and have the strength to support for the future.
Also present on the occasion were Dr. BDR Tiwari (IAS) Commissioner & Secretary to the Governor, along with General Secretary Gian Batra who is also the General Manager of the Governor of Meghalaya. Chairman of the Organizing Committee Rishi Kant Bangwal (Airport Director, Shillong), Ramesh Sachdeva, Consultant of the All India Public Sector Sports Control Board and Puranjan Das, Chief General Manager of State Convention Center Shillong .
New Delhi, Lber, 22: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu on Tuesday awarded the Padma Shri to Bah Risingbor Kurkalang, a resident of Meghalaya at a Civil Investment Ceremony. in New Delhi.
Be brave and don't be afraid, you must start this work from tomorrow, we have seen a great danger,” he said.
Prepare many gifts of assistance so that we can live together.
London, Jan 6: The Islamic State militant group has opened its 262-room five-star hotel.
The protest was held under the banner of the Bharatiya Khadya Nigam Karmachari Sangh and the FCI Executive Staff Union.
Team Officials: Head Coach – Alison Kharsyntiew, Team Manager – Birendra Thapa, Team Physio – Lucky Kharmalki.
Shillong, July 16: Six residents of Shangpung-Mission Compound have vowed to take legal action against those who spread the rumor that they are demon worshippers. They will find out the source of the allegation but they will search until they find it and they will lodge a complaint with the law enforcement authorities against those people.
When they farm, often the yield is slightly higher than the expenditure.
MeECL has a responsibility to ensure and improve its operations, without compromising the right of the people to receive the electricity they have paid for.
“The pineapple from Meghalaya is well known for its cleanliness and quality.
With our presence in the government, we can raise various issues in the House and also at the MDA meeting,” said Bah Banteidor.
However, despite the fierce controversy, it cannot be said that Conrad Sangma got the title of People's Chief Minister at that time because of his inability to prevent the police from shooting at the people.
Another reason is the shortage of fuel,” said Sony Kharjana, who led the group.
Shakil Ahammed, IAS, Principal Secretary to Government of Meghalaya, Department of Agriculture & Farmers’ Welfare.
This is God's desire for all people and that is why He gave this command in Leviticus 11:4
At the same time, the truck owners agree with the schedule of the dewbilat factories, but demand that the transportation of dewbilat should be stopped within 40 days, or until an agreement is reached.
The Joint Committee on International Borders (CCIB) has convened an emergency meeting tomorrow on the allegation that the NOC of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has been issued without signing.
In the batting of Mizoram this morning, it was seen that the team had difficulty in shaping their batting style and it was seen that in their 35 runs they fell to six batsmen.
Noris Rani has five children and in her old age she has to live alone in a dilapidated house which has been destroyed by the Sordar. The Shnong together with the Dorbar Shnong and many donors have completed the house and handed it over today. I would like to thank the village leaders and all those who have taken part in the construction of the house.
I express my deepest condolences to his family and loved ones.
“To sleep well,” said Lumlang and put down the phone. “As soon as she put down the phone, Sandra's fellow worker was very worried and went to sleep in her bedroom. she says“Oh! Why are you so angry, I'm still shar shar?” said the father, who was listening.
“To oppose the railway line which will bring about economic development is not just because of fear of foreign infiltration and they should understand it,” said Gohain, who spoke in Hindi. After the opening of the Digi Dhan Mela.
She finished fifth in her best throw of 6.83 meters at the 2004 Athens Olympics.
“It is surprising that such letters of notice have been issued because in terms of the rules of procedure once a bill is passed by the Council and receives the seal from the Governor, that means it has passed through a thorough investigation by the state government,” said Bah Paul.
The President of the Union of Wahehs of Jaintia Hills, Ma A Lypon has announced that the General Meeting of the Union will be held on the 18th November 2023 at the District Library Auditorium, Jowai at 10 AM. Villages in Jaintia Hills are kindly requested to take the time to attend the meeting so that the purpose of the synjuk can be carried out smoothly.
The first month of December came and one Friday, the workers together with the manager (Peter) had lunch together because it was cold.
On the other hand, government employees of South Garo Hills District, civil society and various groups today held a rally to demand the release of the abducted BDO.
It is to be recalled that Ma Balius Swer, President of the Jaintia Coal Miners and Dealers Association, said that on the 17th, there will be a curfew across the state. offices, vehicles, can move and this is a call to the people, to work together, for this issue, which affects the life and death of the State as a whole.
When they win less than other parties, they cannot form a government by force.
The police have banned the dam after the company, which has been awarded the contract, has started distributing dewbilat to the owners of the dam. tlor increasingly due to the overloading of trucks.
He said that after consultation with the village leaders of the area, the union has decided to close down the road, after finding that the traders have used the road. in that village, by selling the goods at a gate which was closed by the Syiem of Jirang Hima.
Melinda Pariat, husband of the late Chatistar Kharkongor, mother of Finely Pariat, Dr Defend, Hawajop, Sabina and Lemuel Pariat, residents of Jylli Shop near Auxilium School, passed away on 29/08/2
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Students who have prepared well will go to write the SSLC and Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) examinations conducted by the Meghalaya Board of School Education ( MBoSE).
Speaking at the meeting, Conrad K Sangma said that the STEMS program aims to reduce traffic jam in Shillong which has caused inconvenience to the commuters.
The management also proposed to pay one month's salary to its employees as a joint support, which was rejected by the All Assam Media Employees Federation (AAMEF).
To build a sports university and allocate about Rs 10 crore to 22 recognized sports clubs and sports associations in the state.
Srikanth will also have to play well for the match against Indonesian Christian Adinata.
Shillong: The ANTF from the office of the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, on Tuesday received a tip that some persons from Manipur were staying at Prakash Hotel, Laitumkhrah. Police recovered 12.97 grams of heroin from Thangcha Khongwai and Kimboi Khongsai. They said they had come to Shillong to smuggle the drugs.
The Young Minds Association of Bhoirymbong, today started the Strawberry Festival, which was held at Kurkalang Square, Lumdaitkhla Bhoirymbong. The Young Minds in collaboration with the Motor Sports Association of Meghalaya, started by organizing a driving competition inside the stadium which was attended by drivers from different parts of the country. diverse.
Rida's mother was angry but she didn't want to because she saw Panah's face looking at Rida.
Some of them have to go to Serampur to fight for the NEET.
Shillong, November 05: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong today said that the government is ready to increase the budget of the Ministry of Agriculture by 15% to 20%. for the coming year, in order to promote agriculture in the state.
In order for this decision of the Syiem u Kmie to be fair, it is necessary that the Ministers in charge of the welfare of the farmers in Iewduh should visit from time to time together with the farmers. and buyers or traders to avoid taking advantage of or disregarding what is enforced.
Meanwhile, Bah Titosstarwell was recognized by the Chairman of KHADC today as the Leader of the Opposition.
The march was also part of the campaign to demand the approval of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya by the Central Government.
The General Meeting will be held on the 9th of this month at Ialong near the Toll Plaza, West Jaintia Hills at 11 am.
Modi will be able to swear in more ministers on July 15, by swearing in 25 more ministers, although most of them will be child ministers.
Nongpoh: The Meghalaya Power Lifting Competition organized by the Meghalaya Power Lifting at the Auditorium Hall Umsning has reached 1000 participants, including men and women.
While they were eating, they talked about it.
It is learned that on the 15th of this month, the sohpieng sent by the Prime Minister arrived in Agartala at 12 noon through the Agartala-Akhaura border gate (Integrated Check Post). Assistant High Commissioner of Bangladesh Arif Mohammad, First Secretary of the Embassy Rezaul Haque Chowdhury, First Secretary Al Amin and other government officials attended the ceremony. They also gathered at the Akhaura border to welcome the sohpieng sent by the Prime Minister.
So far, the government has already acquired 370.26 hectares and will acquire another 12,000 hectares, bringing the total area to 1570.26 hectares.
Fourteen people were killed and four seriously injured when armed gunmen attacked the office of an anti-Muslim magazine in the city of Paris.
This love was expressed in the mind of the Prophet Hosea.
In order for this initiative to be a success, all electricity consumers especially the Village Authorities and NGOs are requested to cooperate with MePDCL to curb these illegal activities.
“As an expression of solidarity with those who have suffered such a tragic tragedy,” he said, “in all the churches of our religious state, a week-long "Besides his invitation to all Christians, Bah Barnabas also made, in his mission, an opportunity to Welcome to the Mass in memory of those killed and injured in the bomb blasts in Sri Lanka, which will be held on 24th June, 2019 at 5:3 to “offer prayers for all those who have been killed and injured in these bomb blasts and also to pray to God the Creator to pour out the blessings of peace on all the countries of the world.
Speaking on the National Florescence Nightingale Award 2021, Ma Pala said that it is not an award for a rich man but for his service to the people. to provide health services to the people of the entire area.
US President Joe Biden in his speech said, "If you destroy America, we will destroy it too.
According to a statement from the SP of East Khasi Hills, Rituraj Ravi, the incident happened on Thursday night at 8:00 pm after a clash between the BSF and the people. unidentified persons in Dalia village about 150 meters from the border with Bangladesh.
According to a complaint lodged by the relatives of the victims, the incident occurred during the protest against CAA in Ichamati.
He said that Flying Squads have been deployed to ensure that these incidents occur during the elections and Static Surveillance Teams have been deployed at police stations and police outposts to provide assistance to the police stations. that flying squads.
He added that in 2018, for unavoidable reasons, he gave his support to Wailadmiki Shylla from the NPP and said that it was his mistake (Madonbai Rymbai), the Jowai Constituency in you are a High Level leader.
Thus the song of Jerusalem stirred, encouraged, and gave them hope.
To enrich the festival, the fans threw their flags, banners, tupia, mufflers, badges, T-shirts along with the dance and others to attract more people. opposite side.
This electricity will shine only when the sun rises and will go out only when the sky is bright.
When asked about this painting, Bah Ardent said that he doesn't know the artist, but He didn't know that he was from Tamil Nadu because someone sent him a video telling him that someone had drawn a picture of him by using the power of the sun on the lyntang.
The deceased was identified as Arshal Rani of Mawiong Nongneng village. He died shortly after his two wheeler (ML 05 K 9769) collided with a truck. truck coming opposite.
According to Bah Wanshwa Nongtdu, the two owners of the mines have promised to comply with the rules to protect the environment and to bring about the environment. They also promised to plant trees, to clear the area where there are mines, not only that. He said that this is also an opportunity to create jobs for the people and training will be given to the workers in such a way that they can operate the parks with the latest technology.
However, the response should not stop here, we should continue the struggle and come up with another new story.
However, the delivery of goods has been disrupted due to the poor condition of the road, especially in view of the condition of the NH-6 from Jowai to Ratacherra,” the court said. It is hoped that the repairs will be completed so that the road from Jowai to Ratacherra will be safe for traffic within the next month.
As a nation, if we struggle, we don't unite towards the goal of a brighter future and for the better and if we lose our “RIGHS” we will become like “KBER”. "That if we fly in the air, the birds will eat us, and if we fall to the ground, the cows will eat us, and if we fall to the ground, the fish will eat us.
The FKJGP is ready to cooperate with the government if necessary in any area for the sake of protecting and bringing peace and stability to the people.
At this meeting, there will also be a tyngshop to demand that they should withdraw their letter of support to the NPP. Please come and join us at 1 pm at Motphran.
The NPP led by Conrad Sangma has won 32 MLAs, which is also a strong number to form a government. .
SM Bang, DPO ICDS Nongstoin was the Chief Guest and was accompanied by Bah S.Nongsiej, who represented the office of BDO Nongstoin as the Chief Guest. in the presence of Dr.R.Laloo, District Medical and Child Health Officer, West Khasi Hills District.
Ma Don Rymbai said that the arrear of the employees which has been pending for a long time was released yesterday by the Fourth Commission.
Meanwhile, the Labang Nongphyllut Pangam Raliang Council (LNPC) led by its President Lukas Suchiang and Secretary MM Thaiang, as well as private individuals flocked to Mukroh this morning. day.
The award was presented by Vice-Admiral BS Randhawa, Chief of Naval Staff in the presence of Air Marshall. The total number of recipients of the award is 56 from 17 states in India.
Frankie Massar was appointed as General Secretary, L.Mylliem Umlong as Treasurer, Homer Kharkongor as Adviser and others. .
Member of BJP in his press release, he expressed his satisfaction that Meghalaya will celebrate its 50th anniversary and inaugurate 300 projects and I propose that he will add another project to be 301 and that one project is only to burn the maps of Meghalaya which are posted in every office of Block, Civil Sub-Division, DC Office and even in the Secretariat why do they put these maps? When the people have been misled to say that Meghalaya has no border, the border has to be resolved.
Then, Bah Ardent greeted and took a picture with him without any interference from the natural forces, even though the IMD has declared Meghalaya as an Orange Warning.
Mumbai Police Commissioner Parambir Singh said Mumbai police have not yet received the report from AIIMS hospital on the cause of death of Sushant Singh Rajput but have seen it in the newspapers. However, he said the findings of AIIMS are the same as those of the Mumbai police and this shows that the investigation of the Mumbai police is true.
Batkupar said that the statement by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to build a railway line to Sohra is a statement that has fueled the protest on this issue. “It's the people who will suffer, when government equipment is damaged, it's a waste of public money,” he said.
The UDP has not yet confirmed that Bah HS Shylla will be the candidate from Nongkrem constituency while the other names will be decided tomorrow, as there are many applicants.
Shillong: The NDRF and Indian Navy today recovered an unidentified body from a coal mine at Ksan, East Jaintia Hills District.
The Governor urged the people not to give assistance or support to drug traffickers so that they can escape punishment according to the rules of law.
Besides, if the Government takes action to develop our people, the money will stay in the state and will not flow anywhere because it cannot be said that the money is still flowing outside the state.
The court sentenced Rahul under sections 499 and 500 of the Indian Penal Code.
It is therefore necessary that about half of this water should come out before the leaves are harvested.
God also created the serpent.
He will be remembered forever as the father of Khasi literature.
Shillong: Police have seized heroin, a pistol and bullets from three persons in Garobadha area of ​​West Garo Hills district. .
Abraham was like a dead man while holding his hand and the knife to kill his son because he had surrendered himself to God.
According to my understanding, when you take a loan, you have to pay the owner's fee along with the interest.
In a subsequent raid on 12th November 2019, the team recovered 1.48 gms from the hands of Sanjit Singha who was driving a tourist vehicle number ML-04A-4 and Byndihat.
This principle of the Rangbah Longkpa to be the owner, head, master and ruler is universal throughout the world.
It is learned that Shatrughan Sinha's resignation from the Congress party is for this reason, as talks are ongoing between the two parties.
This time limit is for those who do not have enough parking space, but those who have enough parking space and do not affect the traffic of the public and do not cause traffic jam can drop the goods as you want.
Question : But what is the reason for the abolition of these three previous laws?
Surprisingly, although the price of sohsaw is only T.3 per kilo in Wahiajer, this writer has asked for the price of sohsaw from the shops in Shillong, but found that the price is only T.3 per kilo. between T.30 to T.40 and T.50 per kilo, depending on the quality of the soh.
Furthermore, in reply,he said that the office itself will punish him based on the facts he has committed.
The HPC also urged the Minister of Home Affairs to intervene in the resolution of the Metor issue on three sides.
He hath delivered my soul in peace from the battle that was against me, from the battle that was against me.
She said that on the night she went to stay at the house of her friends, she was set on fire and the flames destroyed the entire house and all the belongings.
Earlier, Opposition Leader Ronnie V Lyngdoh urged the state government to take steps to increase the number of rooms for the two Meghalayans in Guwahati and Vellore. the challenges faced by such students and residents of the state.
She said that if anyone violates this order, they will be imprisoned for up to nine years and will have to pay a fine of up to T.10 lakh as provided for in Section 59 (iv) of the Constitution. of the Food Safely & Standards Act, 2006.
The Seng Khihlang would like to inform you that the Seng Khihlang Conference which was scheduled to be held at Wahiajer, West Jaintia Hills District from 26-28 has been postponed.
It will take months for the Government to constitute the members of the Expert Committee.
“Because these people are full Khasi-Pnars, the Meghalaya government should welcome them and include them in Meghalaya.
, Daniella Shirley Majaw, Miss Teen Meghalaya 2022 and Shweta Himatsingka, the country's leading food and beverage consultant.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 30: The MDC of Nongstoin, Bah LG Nongsiej, on Tuesday inaugurated the foundation stone of Rilang LP&UP School Tyllang. u Ribon as a sign of the opening ceremony of the school which has been in operation for two years.
After 10 minutes, Rangdajied also got their own penalty kick after Ieitlang Syiemlieh of Lajong made a mistake and the penalty kick was taken by Arlangky who managed to fool the goalkeeper. Lajong when he threw to the field where the ball did not fall.
They said that the Jio simcard users are facing difficulties because as soon as the electricity goes out, the Jio network disappears.
While bringing the Zero Hour Notice, he asked whether he had violated the law, MP Rajya Sabha Dr. WR Kharlukhi State President of the NPP and the EE Building which was inaugurated, honored, to carry the scraft of the NPP. and to announce the name of Bah Ransom Sutnga as the NPP candidate from 17 North Shillong Constituency, while Bah Sutnga is still an Executive Engineer who has not yet resigned to participate in political activities.
About 30 minutes later, another strong earthquake measuring 6.3 on the Richter scale struck the area, the second earthquake of the day.
Likewise, the Gentiles shall know that grace is near to end upon all the Gentiles, for it shall begin with the Jews by that Spirit of GRACE from God.
The cleanliness drive was led by the General Secretary of the village, Careme Phawa with the participation of the village leaders, young men and women and children.
According to him, those who get TB don't have to worry about the cost because from medicines, test fees or other necessities the government has released everything.
He said that the Congress has always tried to empower the youth not only in the state but in the country as a whole by starting schools and training centers for the youth. the establishment of the Indian Institute of Management (IIM), the National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) and the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS).
CEM Bah Pynshngain N Syiem said that there will be Chowkidars and staff that the KHADC will deploy in the area for the purpose of maintaining and burning the houses which have been covered with planks, traw and country
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Amkoi Unit on Saturday awarded the 4th Mait Shaphrang Academic Award to 15 students who passed well.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Sniawbhalang expressed his gratitude and pride that this hardworking and good mission exists in this constituency.
I would also like to put forward the following issues- (i) That the HNLC should share its vision for the future of Ri Hynniewtrep and to open the door for public debate (ii) to create a A group of elders to release the people who have been victims of the bloodshed to know all the facts and so that the HNLC can also make peace with them.
The High Court expressed the hope that the state police department will take action in accordance with the rules of law and act quickly.
Be a clear-minded voter.
“I hope that the acquisition of the new courthouse will speed up the process and make it easier for the judges to conclude the hearing of cases quickly," he said.
Speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony, Bah Macmillan Byrsat said that in the five years of his tenure as MLA, he has been able to assist various church groups in the district with the implementation of the scheme. It has reached Rs 2 crore 50 lakh.
Referring to the order, Mukherjee said the court has ordered the government under the bye law of MUDA to demolish the illegal structures standing along the Umkhrah River.
This has forced the athlete to use a car on the road to run in the next stage of the race.
Ardent will lead the 29 MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to meet with the people of the area and after their arrival, they can submit a petition to the government to take the necessary action.
Until the end of the first half, no one could score and Lawsohtun won the title.
The Prime Minister did not appear before the ED and left for Dumka this morning to take part in the scheduled program 'Apki Yojana, Apki Sarkar, Apke Dwar' head of the investigation team.
The body belonged to Uttam Marak who was killed at Kimling Restaurant, Motphran.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said he condemns the incident in Bihar where the clergy of the Presbyterian Church were harassed and blocked by robbers.
In the second innings, Laban Bengali Boy's beat RB Anupchand by 87 runs.
The MDC elections in the state are likely to be held again in June
There are 48 lakh employees of the Government of India, spread across the country.
When the Hima came under the rule of the French, there began to be a violation of the rights and customs of the children of the thousands of the Hima, the branches, the raids and the villages.
In another development, the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UNHM) invites all the people of Hynniewtrep to attend the last rites of Shailina Kharrymba. She was raped and murdered by criminals at 4mer Shiteng, Upper Shillong.
The awards and certificates were presented by the chief guest, Peter JP Hanaman, IPS, Retd, Member, Human Rights Commission Shillong and former DGP of Meghalaya.
Dr. Sashankutlang Khongthohrem, State President of ABVP Meghalaya, in his speech, said that ABVP is an organization that works for the welfare of the students. They have come forward to become members of the ABVP from Ri-Lum Jaintia, including those who are still studying Higher Secondary, Graduation and other degrees.
Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said that yesterday he visited Mukroh village to meet the families of the people who were killed by the Assam police.
At the same time, the KSU does not want to see that this issue in Jowai will become the topic of campaigning for the 2023 election, said a statement sent by Nidapoi Shadap Publicity Secretary.
but that house did not fall, nor did it fall, because it was founded on the foundation stones. But do we have time to visit those stones? Until now, the markets of the State are still flourishing because the farmers or villagers (the so called villagers) are still supporting us even though they are facing many problems every day and many times. for.
On the 19th of this month, under the leadership of Arul Mathuram, Divisional Forest Officer, Khasi Hills Wildlife Division, they raided the house of Victorious Masharing at Khliehumstem, Ri Bhoi District.
The deadline for submission of marksheets is 27th November
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 10: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhyay today released the Draft Electoral Roll of the five Assembly Constituencies in Ri-Bhoi District. 9-Nongpoh, 10-Jirang, 11-Umsning and 12-Umroi were also handed over to various Hima political parties in Ri-Bhoi at a meeting held at the Conference Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office.
Four persons who were inside the vehicle with the victim when they arrived at Mawshbuit village at about 12:30 pm (October 19, 2023) handed over the victim to the two relatives of Mawshbuit village. u, who live with u.
Every citizen has to face suffering, but this suffering is not equal to all; it is the poor people in society who suffer the most.
The celebration was attended by the Syiem Raid, Holisingh Rynhang.
Railways came second, and Assam's Abhinab Saikia (Best Challenger Boxer) and Pradeep Bisht (Best Official) were also awarded.
One of these labs was inaugurated on 1st June at Ambrose Memorial School, Khliehriat by the Minister of State, Ma Kyrmen Shylla in the presence of the DC, students and staff of the school. as well as parents.
However, KHNAM at its meeting yesterday, refused to join hands with the UDP-HSPDP on the grounds that they have already announced their candidates in all the constituencies in Khasi and Jaintia.
Bamut was trained in 2003 from Aru Camp and holds the rank of Corporal.
It may be recalled that the KSU has joined hands with the NBAJAC since the beginning of the demand to relocate the C&RD Block office from Wapung to Narpuh and to set it up in Lumshnong.
His father was Oswald Thyrniang and his mother was Priska Marweiñ (both of whom have passed away), he was the eldest of five children.
The Minister expressed his satisfaction with the implementation of the schemes, despite the lack of Gram Panchayats.
This year, the theme of Child Safety Week is to help young people understand 'It's Okay To Say No' and to fight against saying 'Hooid' kids.
The State Government has decided to withdraw 30% of the syllabus of SSLC and HSSLC students as schools have not been able to conduct schools since the outbreak of Covid 19 and have had to take online classes where students and teachers are challenged to understand and explain the chapters.
He also recalled the uprising of the Khasi-Pnar people in Block-I in 2003, due to the Karbi border crossing.
After this, speeches were delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of the area and then by the Kongsan Samla Wanteibok Lyngdoh, who congratulated the office bearers of the Association.
The District Council also hopes that the Clan Bill will become law within this year.
Therefore, he said that in this era of leader shortage, they also need Dr. Aman in the UDP because they have seen the behavior of the leaders.
He said the government has directed the district administration and SP to meet with each other to ensure peace and order in the area.
He said that the club has not received any assistance from the government and Surong has had to spend some of his own funds. After he went to the fields, he didn't get any help. He said why the leaders are quick to provide assistance while no one provides assistance for good deeds. asked the young man.
I would like to ask you about this FORUM, in the year you formed this forum.
Seven others were injured in the incident.
The arrest of these persons also reveals that through the seizure of drugs, hundreds of kilograms of heroin were attempted to be smuggled into the state.
But most of the time man asks for wealth, but God tells man to seek first the kingdom of God and His righteousness, and all these things will be added to you.
“Our names were not included in the list of the National Gymnastics Team and no reason was given for any reason.
The truck (AS 10 C 2128) was parked on the other side of the road.
An additional T.5 per person will be charged if you drive more than 10 kilometres, and if those who ride two wheelers send a driver, the fee will be T.4 per 5 minutes.
Shillong: Police have suspected that Sohan D Shira, the top leader of the GNLA, was involved in the murder of Jonathone Sangma, NCP candidate from Williamnagar. IED bomb in Samanda Block of East Garo Hills.
Syiem said the EC should also send to the Select Committee to consult with the Hima on this issue.
The selection of the players from East Hills, Jaintia Hills and Ri Bhoi District will be held on the 15th of this month in Shillong.
There will be a temporary closure of shops on this day during the cleanliness drive.
When they finished drinking, she asked again if they wanted to eat anything else, David told Channel
This delay in the payment of salaries has continued for the past years and now the amount to be paid as salaries for hundreds of employees has increased.
Samla Enlang said that if the state government does not deliver all the food to the students, the union will not remain silent but has vowed to lock the gate of the Secretariat.
As of 8th July 2023, the water level in Umïam Dam is 3162.30 feet.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The opposition in the Legislative Assembly of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today prepared a petition against the MUA-II government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma. Prime Minister.
Plastic is indeed one of the main causes of pollution in the environment and it also does not decompose at all.
India have won the SAFF Championship nine times, the first in 1993, then in 1997, 1999, 2005, 2009, 2011, 2015, 2021 and now. 2023 and four more times that India has reached the final but lost in the final.
He also expressed his satisfaction to have such a center to look after the elderly so that they can come and spend time and sit down to avoid sadness and anxiety.
The party also expressed its concern over the illegal entry of foreigners into the land of Hynniewtrep by hundreds and thousands of people every day.
Speaking as the chief guest, Martin M.Danggo, former Chief Minister of Ranikor Constituency, expressed his gratitude to TBKY&SWO for organizing this tournament. to identify talented youngsters in the field of sports to showcase their talents in this field.
However, why has it remained the same since this year,” said the Minister of C&RD who is also the MLA of the area after the inauguration of the two-storey school.
He said that the Hima has requested the Meghalaya government to repair the three bridges of the road at Ranibari, Muduki and Balakhawa but they have not listened.
“We will work hard to fight against the insurgents,” he said, adding that he cannot set a time limit for when the police will be able to clear the insurgents in Garo Hills. I don't know if jem jai can bam por.
“I am associating with ethnic parties in order to promote ethnic identity in the state with the aim of playing a role in the politics of the country," he said.
The Seng demanded that the Officer should send a letter to all the shops of the market in East Jaintia Hills, if the Food Safety Department does not take action to check and issue notices to the shops. The union will not hesitate to take the necessary action by visiting or issuing notices to all the shops in the district.
In his speech, Dr Mukul Sangma sang the religious song How great though art, or you are great and also criticized the government's inability to appoint full time employees in many government departments. only people and ministers in government, the lack of government and the closure of schools; The party leader said that the party leader has addressed the issues related to the lack of assistance to the disabled and the border with Assam.
Therefore, the High Court has rejected this case.
Hey! Don't play with the fire, Let yourself be burned, Be careful and think carefully, Before you announce.
Boy's HS School beat RC Eve Secondary School 3-1
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Banteidor said this while speaking as the chief guest at the public awareness meeting to the farmers and village leaders on the introduction of the Ministry of Agriculture to reuse fertilizers such as Urea, DAP, MOP and SSP and others today, 22nd July, 2022 at Mawkatheiñ.
Petrol prices are expected to fall further in the coming days, as crude oil fell to $76 per barrel from $78 per barrel on Thursday.
The funeral service will be held on 23rd November 2023 at the Presbyterian Church, Chutwakhu, Jowai at 1 pm.
Sinha belongs to the Kayastha ethnic group and the party leaders want him to contest against Sinha as he belongs to the same ethnic group as Shatrughan Sinha. Ravi Shankar Prasad was welcomed.
“One of the problems is the lack of supply of pigs from Assam, this is because the pigs from Assam are being exported to Dimapur, Nagaland and this is because the price is higher. heavier than us".
“That's too much,” agreed the mother.
He concluded by saying that many people were killed on that day and the religious ceremony has spread even to the more remote areas like the Bangladesh border.
Through the UCC, all ethnic and religious traditions will be replaced and abolished; the customs and traditions as well as the manner of conducting any affairs of any nation according to the teachings of their ancestors.
Ayesha was reportedly married to Khan in 1991, but he was accustomed to walking around with women and offered to employ many women as nurses. He also raped Nandini when she was 11 years old, when she was poor at the time.
He said the government should take a firm decision to remove the traffic jam through the Umiam Bridge by using the old nar bridge.
In another match, Tura DCA beat East Garo Hills DCA by 9 runs. In the match between WKH-DCA and WJH-DCA, WKH beat East Garo Hills DCA by 9 runs. They won the toss and elected to bat first in Umbuda, Ri-Bhoi. The team scored 163 runs for the loss of only 1 wicket until the end of the 19th over. The Player of the Match winner went to Nengnong for 16 fours in one inning to score 87 runs from 73 balls. to be bowled out for a run out in the last over.
Ms. L.Warjri, Senior Scientist & Head of Agriculture Vigyan Kendra delivered the welcome speech and explained about the flagship program of the Government of India POSHAN Abhiyaan entitled “Nutrition Rich India, Educated India, Empowered India. ".
Police admitted that they had already called on the militants to come out and surrender their weapons, but the militants opened fire.
In the match between the two teams at Chanmari Stadium, Tura, Selsella took the lead by scoring the first goal in the 28th minute through Sildish Momin.
After the competition, 1,500 dancers from all over the country participated and these 16 dancers were selected to enter the final of the first ever Red Bull Dance Your Style India. They were selected by foreign judges including hip-hop dancer Diablo, popper Kite and dancer and dance teacher Antoinette Gomis.
According to the Bill, if a Khasi man marries a non-Khasi, he can become a Jait while a Khasi woman who marries a non-Khasi will lose her Khasi identity and her children. They shall also lose their Khasi identity and shall lose all the benefits of the tribes and shall no longer be counted as Khasi.
He urged the voters of the state to establish a good foundation for anyone who can provide the best service to the constituency, as at present only these development works are being carried out by the MLA. 260 crore and should be completed by
“I am sorry for this statement and I demand that you come forward to clarify your statement especially on the allegation that the government takes action only during Puja,” said Bah Adlebert.
According to Paul, the Governor of Assam, SK Sinha in 1998, wrote to the President of the country that foreigners have invaded Assam and this is a terrible threat if the CAB passes. Shillong: The implementation of the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS-IV) will start from 1st June across the state and the registration for the benefits of the scheme will continue for four months.
Bhang is a two-branched tree that is used in a way called the bhang tree.
When inquired whether these shops have been able to provide their documents, but it was said that about 90 of the shops have already opened because the owners have said to take over. Some of them have been sent back by the KHADC and given 30 days according to the written license and some of them have not renewed their licenses.
Furthermore, the report says that by 2050 we will no longer be able to see the Swiss Alps, the beautiful mountains that attract visitors from all over the world. and many of these mountains have turned into water because of the change of the sky.
The source said that on Friday, the girl, who is a native of Rattacherra and who was staying in Dkhiah West to study, was on her way to the Pynpaw service. Suddenly, a woman came and spoke to her and at that time she fell in love with her husband and told that immediately the child was bewitched and the two of them were bewitched. The men threw her into a car and carried her to a deserted place where they raped her.
As part of the clarification on the quality of drugs produced in India to ensure the safety of the drugs, the CM has decided to check them before sending them abroad. .
The most surprising incident, which happened on 27th July in Guwahati, because (i) it was the marriage of a Khasi girl to a foreigner (ii) it was a marriage, which had to be held in Guwahati ( outside Shillong), then (iii) the article, which has to be made public these days and (iv), the article, which has brought about the coronavirus.
LP School, Sohiong,” said Double Thabah.
Tripura Chief Minister Manik Saha has congratulated the police for the seizure, saying it is a sign that their implementation will be able to eradicate crime. came out of drugs in the state.
According to a complaint lodged at Lumdiengjri Police Station by Bah S Rymmai, the vehicle was parked in front of his house at 6 pm on Tuesday.
Speaking on social media reports by the HNLC, Prestone said, “As I have explained earlier, I am explaining again now that if the HNLC leaders They are afraid because it has been said that leaders like the Chairman or Commander-in-Chief may not come to talk because they are afraid of being arrested. , so if they want to talk to another place not in Meghalaya, we are ready to accept and let them decide or set the place.
They are not merely integral parts of Government administration and operation.
They were taken to Boko Police Station and later transferred to Guwahati Jail.
The HYC said that the cleaning of this road has been funded by MORT&H, Central Fund (CRF) under the Project Improvement Including Metalling & Black Topping of Dawki-Muktapur Road (L=10Km) under CRF for the year. Job No.CRF/MG/2018-19/062 is under the jurisdiction of SDO PWD, Amlarem, but what has surprised the residents of the area is that the construction of the road has been completed. The road was built and after a while the road started to collapse.
The shooting was organized by the club as part of the exhibition of these ryntieh and khnam, in which Meghalaya has been able to produce such sports equipment used in the country.
Even if women and children are assaulted by robbers, it takes a long time to inform the law enforcement authorities to take the necessary action.
In this regard, the Government has put forward measures to support the farmers who grow valuable commodities such as shynrai, sying, sohniamtra, sohtrun, kynbat, musla and ngap in mission mode.
It is no longer a battle of ideas.
He said that from time to time, the villagers have been talking about building this bridge because during the rainy season when they go to sell their goods they cannot go to the city because the water has flooded the square. everything.
“We are afraid that the electricity bill will increase and this will affect the people,” he added.
Daily TV news shows the death toll in many countries, announces how to prevent this terrible disease.
The Prime Minister congratulated the athletes and their coaches for their victory at the Commonwealth Games 2022 held in Birmingham, where India won 22 gold medals, 16 silver and 23 bronze medals in various events.
“With this letter I send my resignation letter as President of FASToM to open the way for other leaders.
According to Conrad, from 2022, after the introduction of the amendments, all districts will be able to receive financial assistance from the Ministry of Minority Affairs.
He said that this is not only in this department but also in other departments of the government where the employees have to suspend when they do not get the money to pay their salaries.
On this occasion, it is understood that the Prime Minister is very difficult to get another Minister of Home Affairs, whom he can trust, because he also wants the Minister of Home Affairs to be the one who and the Khasi Hills.
The party also said that the CAB 2019 has violated the belief of the CPC in respecting all religions.
Lajong beat East Bengal 3-1 in Shillong and earlier, they beat Aizawl.
The Kur Warjri has donated food items, clothes and also helped to build a house for a family of Meirad Thaneh Warjri who lives in Kyrdemkulai.
When asked by the Union of Rangbah Shnongs whether they will take part in the meeting, “We have seen only in the newspapers, but we have not received a letter,” said the President of the Union. and Dr. Werlock Kharshiing.
Why can't we wait until the end of the pandemic?
“If you have knowledge of the dulir from the beginning, even now you can't stand like these dulir, you don't have the right to talk, you don't have the right to claim your border, but if you don't have the knowledge, “It's not possible to touch this area,” said Bah Lanong.
Jowai: The Forest Department of West Jaintia Hills District under the leadership of the Divisional Forest Officer (DFO) – Territorial has visited Amlarem Sub-Division to inspect the illegal mining sites in Nongtalang and Amtapoh areas. .
According to the 2nd Amendment Bill of the KHADC, Khasi women who marry Dkhars and their children will lose all their rights and benefits as Schedule Tribes. .
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong has decided that no vehicles will be allowed to park in dark places after 8 or 9 pm without any permission.
Shillong: When contacted by this reporter, Bah Witting Mawsor denied the allegation but u Bah Mawsor denied it and said that it was just a joke. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm just talking to my friend," he said.
The 25th Anniversary of the school was inaugurated by the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah BS Sohliya (IAS), in the presence of A.Syiem. Wanbok Sayoo Headmistress, teachers, parents of students and others were invited.
He praised the President of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) for his prompt apology at the meeting after the end of the march and urged the members of the FKJGP to refrain from any actions that have been accused in the society. The Shillong Press Club strongly warns that those involved in creating trouble and trying to disrupt the rally will not escape from the hands of the law.
According to him, the festival is also one of the opportunities to showcase to the world the richness of the state in natural resources to attract tourists which can be of great benefit and income to the state. the state.
So all non-Jews and half-Jews must leave and flee the Empire.
Dr Donkupar was accompanied by Vice President Allantry Franklin Dkhar, General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh and President Pretty Kharpyngrope.
He said that every election period all the villagers who are 15 years old and above vote in Merghalaya, but now they have been transferred to Assam and next year the election has come. Because in Assam, they don't care if more than 2,000 people lose their right to vote.
The meeting was held at Chandmari Square at 3:30 pm today and was organized by the Garo Student Union and NESO. They also demanded an independent medical post mortem on the death of the deceased.
Cristiano Ronaldo made his Manchester United debut on Saturday evening and scored two goals against New Castle in a 4-1 win over Newcastle United.
“Furthermore, Bah Adelbert said that the goal he has set in his life is not only to fight to win the elections, but to win the issues that the constituency and state itself are needed.
“Mom, I don't go to school anymore,” Gavin said to his mother who had just entered.
Don was accompanied by officers especially the Local MDC MLA as the chief guest.
“It is for this reason that we demand that they be punished,” he said.
The list of these vaccination centers can also be obtained from the District website www.ribhoi.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal said this morning that the ED team's raids on the residence of the AAP leader show that the BJP has begun to worry about the I have understood that I will lose the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
“We will soon complete this work because there are some areas that we want to improve and we hope that soon we will complete these too so that we can start relocating them,” said Sniawbha.
The trust and confidence of the people in Narendra Modi will not be in vain,” he said.
KSU leaders; Eric Nongkynrih and Richard Mawkhiew have met with the authorities in charge of the school.
He said that the World No Tobacco Day is a campaign against tobacco to educate and explain to all the people in every village.
Nongpoh: Dozens of Sying and Synsar farms of the people of Mawhati and Tyrso, which are also villages near Block-2, have been damaged. The damage to these crops is not due to natural forces, but due to the rude behavior of the Nepali cow herders living in Umru, where they went to send kyrniom and feed them. Masi in these areas where there are no Khasi plants.
In this incident, the rice inside these trucks was completely destroyed.
The reason for introducing the bill is to follow the decision of the Supreme Court of India in a case filed by Pro Yashpal against the Chattisgarh government.
Although there are some who think that this is only for the Seiñ Raij.
The Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Mawroh will hold a cleanliness drive on the 18th November, and on this day the village will hold a memorial service for Myllung Soso Tham.
When asked whether they have any intention of leaving the party or joining any political party if the decision is taken, he said, “We are waiting for the answer. “It's the best,” said the BJP leaders in the state while talking to this reporter.
Shillong, June 30 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has expressed his gratitude to the Leader of the Trinamool Congress MLAs for reminding them to work harder so that they can win the 2023 elections. .
In the past 24 hours, 16,922 new cases have been reported and 418 people have died.
The team's victory came after they beat Scotland by four wickets in the World Cup qualifier.
“I am not sure whether the people of the state want ILP. Maybe the demand is only for some political parties,” said Bah Rowel.
We understand that even the purchase of essential medicines is no longer possible.
S.Dkhar, Secretary Riangdim Village, said that the road has actually been implemented under the PMGSY scheme by a contractor.
Because as I say in the words of the wise, “action speaks louder than words” without fear or fear let us move forward in this goal and aspiration so that our nation will stand firm.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong said that he is a good example for others who have the spirit of compassion to lend a helping hand when their fellow citizens are in need.
“Our target is to complete 1625 km of roads including bridges by November 2015 under the PMGSY,” said the PWD chief. Meghalaya has received $238 million (T.1330 crore) from the World Bank.
And so it was now, before the coming of the Son of Man (it will also be at that time before the coming of the Son of Man) Matthew 24:3
Bollywood actress Geetiya Tyagi, who starred in 'One By Two' and 'What the Fish', has accused Subhash Kapoor, director of 'Jolly LLB', of sexual harassment. to your body.
Due to the increasing number of incidents of rape and violence against women, the number of women joining the Self-Defense Forces (SDF) has declined by about 12% in recent years. that went according to the projected report through the end of October 2023.
Kharkongor said that MUDA should look after only those areas which fall under the Municipal area like Khyndailad and some other areas, as MUDA is also born from the Municipal area and not from the Municipal area. “The District Council strongly opposes the Schedule Area because it has been canceled without any understanding with the District Council,” said the EM of KHADC. Latiplang urged the residents who build houses within the District Council boundary that if their land falls within the District Council boundary they do not need to apply for permission from MUDA. “It's a good idea to get permission from MUDA,” said the Nongthymmai MDC. At the same time, he said that the KHADC can also introduce the District Council Building Bye Law in the House for passage.
Ma Kerlang also taught and urged the residents to work together with the Youth Club and the VWSC so that the village and the community will be clean and tidy.
It may be recalled that on that day , the ASHAs said that their strike is only a warning that they want the government through the health department to listen , because without the ASHAs Polio distribution should be carried out by the employees of the department.
That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit" John 3:6
Speaking on the occasion, these leaders of the party congratulated the students to work hard until they reach the goal of victory and as children of the nation they should maintain the dignity.
Meanwhile, in an interview with reporters on Saturday, Putin said this was not surprising because Russia had not violated the rules of war and had used the tools it is entitled to use.
Lieutenant RS Panwar, Chief of Army Staff, 101st Area Commanding, launched the flag ceremony.
Assam has 800 large and small slasha farms and produces up to 50 percent of the slasha produced in the country.
Furthermore, at this camp, the children will have to prepare a log book which is the same as the Pravesh, Pratham, Dwitiya and Tritiya Sopan Badge.
There are also many other schemes of the Central Government which should be implemented by the State Government in our State.
He said that not only the teachers but the parents and the state leaders should have a cooperation in the improvement of education.
Revelation 6:7-8
Gautam Das has lodged a complaint with the police that he was on his way from Guwahati to Shillong on the night of the 10th with two others in his vehicle (ML-). 05P 4060 When he arrived at Mawlai Nonglum at 9:15 pm, three unidentified persons stopped the vehicle and broke the window of the vehicle and shot dead a person inside. They also picked up a song containing 250 calendars.
Police have also seized two scotty and a KTM bike and a key used by the suspects. .
He said the decision to lodge the complaint was taken because the Meghalaya Lokayukta has told the media that it is ready to conduct an investigation into these allegations if it receives the complaints. The Lokayukta Act does not allow a suo-moto investigation.
This village is located about 15 km east of Nongstoiñ Market on the PWD road.
He said that the Rotary Club of Orchid City Shillong has taken great care to plant trees across the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Speaking to media on the upcoming elections on 27th June 2023 and issues related to women's empowerment, on Friday at Congress Bhawan in the presence of the President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Women's Congress, Joplyn Shylla, Congress Women Candidate, Bobbeeta said that women are the strong pillars of democracy and bring about economic development in the state.
Explaining on this issue, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, said that the EC's action is not to have any politics or to promote the HSPDP, as the EC has also included the UDP and KHNAM, which they have to do by consensus.
The mothers in the area have come out to protest against the violence of the Assam police and have forcibly cut down trees in the area to build a police station.
He said that it is not like in the past that just because of the sound of the hand, everyone will go to the Congress, the sound of the wind of the UDP, everyone will go to the UDP and so on.
He said that for decades, Assam has accused Meghalaya of crossing the border and Meghalaya has accused Assam of crossing the border.
On the other hand, Bah Egenstar requested to deliver fertilizers especially urea (Neem coated urea) to the farmers at subsidy price for the current planting season as well as for the next planting season. come.
Does the KJP Synod Sepngi have a role in bringing in Adhar numbers in the country or is it not just that the collection of donations from the brothers and sisters has decreased or the government has withdrawn the assistance?
On this occasion, the ULBA has taken the initiative to urge the government to install a cable car to transport people from Noh Kalikai to Nongriat to attract tourists.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday announced that applications have been invited for the scholarship for Fresh and Renewal students who are full citizens of Meghalaya studying in the state. and abroad for the year 2023-24, through the North Eastern Council Merit Scholarship for students pursuing Diploma, Degree, Post-Graduate or M.Phil/Ph.
Bah Sylliang said he has to consult with the supporters before taking a final decision.
These are the words of the Lord Jesus when He answered the question of His disciples by saying, “Tell us, when shall these things be? What is the sign of your coming? And what is the end of the world? It is on this same subject that Jesus went on to say, “But the end is not yet come.
Speech was also delivered by the President of the Managing Committee, Bah A.Syiem and the program began and ended with a prayer.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Social Democratic Party (HSPDP) today submitted a petition to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to urge the government to include Para-12 (b) in the Sixth Schedule.
According to Sangma, since ancient times, the customs and traditions of the villagers at Dwara Nongtyrnem Sirdarship have elected the molor and been accepted by the Sirdar and the Executive Committee of KHADC. He said that the VAB of KHADC 2012 has not mentioned or removed any provision for the Garo community who have more than 1,000 villages, even though they are scheduled tribes of the state like other communities.
Replying to Sen's letter, Mamata said, “The CBI is acting on the direction of Modi Babu (Prime Minister) and the agency selects only opposition leaders and those who join the CBI. “The BJP is immune from these persecutions and this is not something we should allow in India and it is urgent to protect the rights of the Constitution,” she said.
Why don't you want to go to the right path? Why be afraid to push yourself a little harder? Why don't you want to be those stars in reading? Why don't you dare to compete with the youth from the north? Our youth are not lacking in knowledge.
Jayshree Singh of SCA scored 105 runs after beating West Jaintia Hills DCA by 140 runs in Umbuda, Ri-Bhoi. Group B SGH beat North Garo Hills DCA by 8 wickets in Salpara Zone
Shillong: U MLA of Mawsynram constituency, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang has distributed Mobile 4G awards to 146 students of Mawsynram constituency who have passed well in their studies from Matric to various levels.
They are the force for change.
He said that after the Hima and the family of Bah Nangtei Syiem had agreed, they decided to set up a Management Board to look after the two revenue collection points so that the price would be the same. No more than one land or less than one land shall be the same, but the administrative and market affairs shall be supervised by the Hima.
All these have come to light at a time when the state is still in the midst of the fight against COVID-19, after the State Government has decided to turn to other activities to improve the quality of education. income generation and other activities that will save the lives of the residents.
The HNYF has also alleged that the police have arrested the member without any reason when they came to his house and seized the vehicle of Bah E.Syngkon who is the finance secretary of the HNYF. establish.
(“People have to be educated, you can’t get the right type of teacher unless you offer them the proper salary”).
Regarding the victory in this election, the political parties in the state have conducted an Exit Poll to see how many seats their party will win out of the 59 seats. three constituencies.
All those who have AAY and PHH cards are directed to collect the rice from their Fair Price Shop Dealers without having to pay any fee throughout the year.
Therefore, “Rangbah Shnong” is not heard at all.
“If the people want to get a Prime Minister from Khasi-Jaintia, they should win only one party from this region,” he said.
Meanwhile, Convener of the Maitshaphrang Movement (MSM) Michael N Syiem said the government has failed to punish those involved in corruption and misuse of public money.
However, he said that the NPP has won the most votes in the last elections.
The Minister also informed that there are about 50 vacancies in the Shillong Government College of Engineering and 77 vacancies in the College of Architecture and Urban Planning, Tura.
The DC also said that if the NHAI does not build the road, he will also implement the Disaster Management Act to build the road.
don't play with God's timing.
The first and best known around the world is potato blight.
It is to be recalled that a group of butchers under the banner of the Khasi Jaintia Butchers Welfare Association (KJBWA) recently decided to stop the sale of cows from the cow market in Khanapara. The Hima Mylliem and KHADC have not been able to smuggle cows which is also one of the ways to curb the smuggling to Bangladesh.
Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills, including Shillong and Garo Hills, from 2 pm to 4 pm.
People will insult us, but this has happened to me and I see that, like Tony, he is in a state of shock,” said Sofia.
The decision was taken against the agreement between Assam and Meghalaya and was announced by four political parties, including FKJGP, AYWO, FAF and ADE. The FKJGP said that the JAC Mallangkona will fight against the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed by the two state governments.
Leading the delegation, PK Mishra, Director, Maithan Alloys Limited, congratulated the NSSO(FOD) for organizing such an important camp and requested all the factories to send their payments on time. to avoid any legal action against those who trespass and to give cooperation to the officers who visit the factories.
We have heard from the President, Bah KP Pangniang that in the past months and months, he and other office bearers, have worked hard in the preparation for the celebration of this Golden Jubilee. Jubilee) of the Party.
If you don't have a thied account, you will receive only T2
He also asked Bah Renikton, “Does he put the shuki in front or does he put the people in front? I think the people of Mawkyrwat have seen this decision and we don't. The people of Mawkyrwat have the right to count such MLAs”.
Besides the annual celebrations, it has happened that November 12, 2023 is the Khasi New Year according to the lunar calendar.
Although dangle reading should not be a commercial activity, this is limited to discussions.
He said the PAC has suggested to the government to build a road through the VIP Road to Mawsiatkhnam, Lumshyiap and Nonglonglakhiat Square and to connect back to Shillong By Pass.
The District Council authorities should investigate the reason why this happened.
Therefore, the village leaders should educate all the residents about this Coronavirus.
Sender of this message: Bah Banshai Marbaniang Social Avtivist Mawsynram Block Meghalaya, EKHDWhen did you get the information that there is no doctor in Mawsynram HC yesterday 25-3-2
We who have grown old have lost our strength.
The more you get, the more you want this government, it has been ruled by the devil.
The election is one of the most exciting spectacles for the people whether it is the MP, MLA or MDC election.
On the other hand, the health inspectors from Ri Bhoi immediately rushed to the scene to confirm the incident and to find out more about the cause.
He also requested all the people especially those who will turn 18 years of age on 01-01-2023 to register their names in the Electoral Roll. leaders of various Hima political parties.
Denzil Kharshandi, who has been trained by DSK Shivajians, has also played for Punjab FC, ARA FC and Mohammedan SC in recent years.
The project was funded by the World Bank through the Meghalaya Integrated Transport Project (MITP).
He classified the Khasi States as Garo Hills, Naga Hills and Lushai Hills.
In connection with these important issues, let us first consider the first issue.
The World Mission, a group working in Khasi Jaintia under the auspices of the Presbyterian Church, laid the foundation stone for the construction of a women's shelter on Monday at Moodop Nartiang, West Jaintia Hills District. At a cost of ₹1 crore 80 lakh, it will be built on an area of ​​10,000 sq.ft.
She said the relevant authorities are looking into the situation and it will take time to get the final report.
See also Daniel 11:31-4
Paul Singh passed away in Guwahati, Assam.
And this great God has done the most wonderful things as David said in Psalm 86:1
That’s why in society there are many appearances of one personality trait that is universal, but hides other individual characteristics that may not be appropriate in society.
Many MLAs of this state have come and gone (some of them have gone to their Maker) in the last 50 years.
Mohnedro Rapsang said that Prestone has said that the government has not yet taken a final decision but this area in Mawbah is one of the areas that it recognizes as suitable. to move.
The Christmas season reminds us that the good news and hope came down from heaven to earth in the image and likeness of Jesus Christ.
The Sordar said that if the bridge is not built, it will put at risk the people because the 709 trucks carrying to Bangladesh have not respected the agreement to carry only 2 feet and a half but have increased to “The bridge is still in ruins,” he said.
Six days after two HSPDP MLAs, Bah Methodius Dkhar from Mawshynrut and Bah Shakliar Warjri from Mawthadraishan, left to support the NPP to form a government in the state, the civil society groups in the state. On 4th October, as part of the protest against the decision of the two MLAs, they held a tyngshop at Motphran.
Hek said that 4 veterinary hospitals and 125 dispensaries have donated medicines to inject cows to fight the disease.
Shillong: Police of Ri Bhoi District have seized T.2,00,000/- from a vehicle on Umroi Road.
Other decisions included demanding from the government to release the rights of contractors through the Meghalaya Building and Other Construction Welfare Board, schemes such as education scholarships, death benefits, pensions and others.
This is to ensure that there is no untoward incident during public meetings or marches, and when applying for permission to hold public meetings, they must also obtain permission from the villages to hold such meetings. .
During the meeting with the DC, the four organizations handed over a letter demanding to increase the price of fuel and to find ways and means to increase the price of fuel as it has affected the poor. who trusts the right car earns.
It is an area that is popular with tourists because of its beautiful mountain ranges and rugged valleys.
These two demands have been demanded by the people for many decades, but have not received the support of the state government. The House has demanded that the Central Government should not introduce it in Meghalaya.
And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire – which is the SECOND DEATH. Revelation 20:14-1
It is learned that the collapse of the bridge was due to the fact that there were too many people walking on the bridge today.
“At present, the people are in a state of misunderstanding because of the statements of Government Ministers like Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh and Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong who have issued a statement that they have not banned the They also urged the public to be vigilant in buying meat. This has created doubts among the public to buy meat. Therefore, we have decided that from 23rd July, we will stop the sale of meat in the state," he said.
With Modi's assumption, the BJP has been able to ban and completely stop the flow of money from foreign religious groups into India.
After the explanation of the Waheh Shnong, he said that he knows the rules on how to work as a Waheh Shnong because the District Council Act empowers the Waheh Shnongs. However, the Waheh Shnong does not have the authority to evict or expel the residents.
Jomison Shylla scored the first goal for Mynthong in the 5th minute and Yokhain Pyrtuh for Chutwakhu in the 29th minute.
Even those who have been well trained do not return to the state because there is no job for them who have to leave the state.
Tarni said that the meeting held on 11th June at Pynursla was attended by UDP East Khasi Hills President Titos W Chyne, KK Dkhar (who wants to apply for UDP ticket). Banalari and all the leaders and members of the Circle were also present.
He was speaking on the statement by NPP leader Prestone Tynsong at a meeting held at Mawngap that the UDP will win only six seats from Khasi Hills in the upcoming elections.
What is worse in this bright age, is the life of men and women, they walk around the house, they don't know the night and the day, they forget the advice of their mother. They have turned away from their law, for they have been blinded by the light of the world.
The plane also left last night to Kedarnath and other places to drop off relief supplies but failed to complete the mission, Duggal said.
It is not known whether the prime minister will remove the ministers from the NPP or whether he will remove them from the UDP or the HSPDP.
At the meeting yesterday, the ministers who opposed the Syiem by accusing him of wrongdoing, admitted that the Syiem Khynnah had suddenly adjourned the meeting because he could not clarify the discussion. in the meeting.
In connection with the incident, the Ri Bhoi Police through the Byrnihat Police Outpost, rushed to the scene to take the body and took it to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem. The post mortem.
Nongpoh, Nailar 12: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhyay has issued an order to close all liquor shops, bars and other liquor production establishments in Ri Bhoi District on the 15th of this month. April 2022, which is the 75th Independence Day of India.
One of the buses was heading from Jiribam to Guwahati and the other was heading from Dharmanagar to Guwahati. .
And we have never seen that the Marwari will increase the price of the goods he buys rather than the goods he sells! Where do you find that wheat is more expensive than wheat or sugar? Doesn't the church see this? For the same amount of rice, the farmers sell it at 5 tyngka per thousand grams; but when he changed the chip, he sold it to us for 10 grams.
These foreigners said that they paid only T.4000 and they were able to enter Umsning easily,” said the statement.
He said that the condition that the Home Ministry has requested from the government on the Khasi language is the number of speakers in the state and abroad as well as the growth in literature.
On the other hand, the Union expressed its gratitude to the Commandant of 58 Gorkha Training Centre, who allowed the members of the Union to use the newly constructed climbing wall for the training programme. .
Also present on the occasion were the office bearers of Seng Samla Saitsohpen, President Bah Pyndap Pyngrope, Iaineh Syiemlieh Organizing Secretary and others. On this occasion, the Khasi film 'Sashisien' was released by Commander Shangpliang.
Alexander Laloo Hek presented the awards in the presence of Mahbubul Hoque, Chancellor USTM, Dr BK Das, Pro Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Pawan Kumar Agrawal and Former Scientist CSIR-CMAP, Dr Sarifuddin Gazi, HoD, Department of Chemistry USTM and others.
Niwan Syad (24) and Arkiru Syad (48) scored two goals for Chyrmang in all aspects and Tympang had to score the most goals.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today expressed its opposition to the state government's plan to build a shopping mall on the site of the PWD office at Barik Point. .
These are inherited from ancient times and we see that the Central Government has now established a special Ministry to spread AYUSH treatment across the country.
At present, Domiasiat is one of the villages that is against uranium mining and can be said to be one of the villages that does not have a single school.
According to a statement sent by the Nongpoh Area Women Welfare Association, it sends its condolences to the parents, brothers and sisters, relatives, relatives and all those who have a relationship with the women. Our Lord, we pray that the soul of (L) Walinda Binong will reach the end of her life.
Initially, Bah Wallambok Syiemiong laid down many rules to be passed in the Dorbar Dalariti including key issues such as the border issue, tourism, and other areas related to to ensure that the rights of the children of the thousands are not violated by the State Government or the Central Government.
The Christmas Tree: The origin of the Christmas tree cannot be determined exactly.
In a statement, the General Secretary of SNSBH, Bah RL Blah, said that the Union is deeply saddened by the fact that this work has not reached anywhere.
“The job belongs to Reliance, we don't know about Purekoke, it is Reliance to take responsibility, we give 15 days to Reliance to pay the money otherwise we will identify others. “We will shut down all the Reliance Towers in the state and we will start by shutting down the first tower in Pynursla,” said Bah Lamphrang Kharbani. Reliance.
However, the residents have protested against this by not allowing the JMB to set up a temporary garbage dump on the land which still belongs to the JHADC.
It cannot be grown in water logged soils.
According to the source, the Congress party has planned to hold a meeting to unite the opposition.
Completed 69 weeks.
On the other hand, Dr. CJK Warjri BDO Bhoirymbong C&RD Block said that the celebration of International Yoga Day was held in 18 circles of Bhoirymbong. Day is also a blessing to teach especially the women how to exercise to get a healthy body, besides the need to preserve the environment to get clean air.
Shillong, Nailur 1: Police patrolling in Iewmawlong, Police Point near Jalpan shop in Iewmawlong, Police Point, Iewmawlong, have opened fire at around 10 pm this morning. The Lawson Stand.
The prize money for the 4by4 category is T.1 lakh, T.50 thousand and T.20 thousand, while the other categories will depend on the attendance of the participants.
The witnesses of the mawbynna, who have been defeated by the kingdom;
Immediately he went to meet our Khasi to ask for a house, and our Khasi in poverty, 'ale ale mama, come and live in our clean house, water in the same, laundry in the same way, the place where the car is parked is also clean.
It is now April (June).
When there are such incidents, it is often found that some people try to take advantage without thinking, which causes problems to the less fortunate and more difficult for the poor.
“On behalf of AMDA and Sain Productions, we will continue to hold events to develop talented youth so that they can showcase their talents not only in the state but abroad and India as a whole.
Kumar said the Government has decided to build and upgrade Anganwadi Centers which now accommodate more than 6 lakh children.
The incident happened on the 9th of this month at noon while the three men were drinking together inside the bar of Bishop Buhphang.
I see that this competition is no longer a competition for the special skills that a person has to become a winner.
The government's plan to build more roads is to improve the quality of the city and to speed up the travel time of people.
Mawrie said that this is a lie and a thank you to the people, and the BJP in the state has prepared a complaint against this action of the TMC. The Code of Conduct has made it clear that we should not give it in our Manifesto or promise the voters that we will give it to them if they vote for them,” he said.
Shillong: On the 17th June 2024, Bangladesh players threw stones at Indian players at Dawki.
He said that the MRSSA is a large part of the process and the preparation is underway.
“These programs have been running for almost 2 years, so they can say whatever they want, but for us, we feel that this program is very important for bringing about change in “It's a good idea to have a job in the villages,” said Conrad.
India is the home of the Dalai Lama and this is the first time that the Tibetan spiritual leader has visited the capital of Meghalaya.
These mawkorkatia were found to have three different sizes.
Shillong, July 05: The Rangthong (Rim) Presbytery in Shillong will celebrate its 21st Anniversary on the 7th of this month at KJP School Mission, Shillong from 2 pm.
“The High Level vehicles have loaded 30-40 tonnes of coal, while the Low Level vehicles have loaded only 20 tonnes.
About seven people were killed in the incident, including four residents of Meghalaya and one from Assam.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah EK Lapang, Rangbah Shnong of Saiden, said that this step was taken by the Dorbar Shnong authorities, which is to explain to the residents of Saiden how to protect themselves from the spread of COVID-19, which has spread around the world and even in India.
They said that although they have complained about the smell in the area, but the government and the authorities have been blind.
“We who look outside can say that this is the rejection of the people against the Prime Minister because the people have understood that this government has cheated and many of the issues that this government has not been able to do. achieve whether it is in the electricity at the expense of trade," she said.
The National People's Party (NPP) has decided to issue tickets to the candidates for the MP elections in due course. He said that the party has not yet taken a decision.
He said that the office is crowded and there is no space to park the vehicles of government employees or the public. The office is not happy for many reasons that the office does not receive the cooperation of the Dorbar Shnong and the Seng Samla which causes problems to the office and even to the people.
In my opinion, under the leadership of the incumbent Chief Minister, I hope that he will be able to meet the wishes of the Government of India and exempt Meghalaya from some of the provisions of the MMDR Act.
The player added his second goal in the 20th minute.
Meanwhile, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, who replaced RDA candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin, said the party has already issued its election manifesto containing 23 issues including CAA, ILP and Language. The Khasi have already been killed and are the leaders.
He said how can the residents of the village accuse him of trying to sell land when inside the dorbar he is the one who advocates not to allow the sale of Raid land to the government or private individuals. in Tynring, Mawpran and Diengpasoh.
A member of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Friday surrendered before the Additional Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District.
The more you learn, the more you will learn.
Before leaving, the forward scored the second goal in the 83rd minute to secure the victory.
“Many of the people and leaders from Garo Hills will join the BJP soon and you will see,” said Winnerson. On the other hand, BJP leader and MLA, Bah AL Hek said that Winnerson's joining the BJP shows that the BJP will win the MP election. Former MLAs and current MLAs who will join the BJP.
The prize money for the winner of the men's category will be T.60,000 and the runner-up T.30,0
On this issue, we have to repeat the same point and that is that the reason for these riots is that the State Government cannot enforce its rules and regulations and as discussed above, which those who do not wear seat belts, those who do not wear masks, those who misuse odd and even numbers; but these are not the truths that bring disease.
The group wants more land for the project and also to extend the lease from 30 years to 99 years and also to increase the tuition fees.
In the Science stream, Priyangshu Bhattacharya scored 98 per cent followed by Sukuni Suchiyang and Neeha Phukan with 94 per cent and 91.6 per cent respectively.
He was released from Belmarsh Prison in 2018 where he was arrested and sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey in London in November 2016 for inciting Muslims to The Delhi government has planned to install 500 Water ATMs to provide drinking water to the residents using Reverse Osmosis (RO) to the people in the country. Slum areas and other high paid areas, said the Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal.
The night curfew was called after the government failed to announce the report of the investigation into the incident on 24th July in which two persons were shot dead by police in Mookhep.
“Through the order of the Hima Mylliem on the kilo cut we don't receive any complaints but there is a problem here and there so we have called another meeting today to discuss the kilo cut. close”.
For example, he said that there will be no ban on the construction of lyngmala like at Raj Bhavan,” he said.
Prof. (Dr.) Balram Bhargava, Chief, Department of Cardiology, AIIMS, New Delhi, was also present as the chief guest.
Besides the monthly expenditure of T.45,000, Ahmed said that another T.90,000 is needed for the maintenance.
Once again, Khasi, Jaintia and Garo youths have failed to appear in the Civil Services Examination conducted by the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) whose results were announced on Tuesday.
A few hours before the end of working hours, the employees of this office held a rally in front of this office to strongly condemn the sudden entry of FKJGP members into this office without any notice. .
"Among the injured were women and children," said Nasrat Rahimi, spokesman for the Afghan interior ministry, referring to the incident in the capital last night. Kabul.
“If the UDP cannot request an investigation into the corruption in the electricity department, why does the UDP remain silent on this allegation of corruption in the electricity department? “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the MP.
"“It's not just about that 'Prah', but in my opinion, there is no issue for the sake of saving the nation but only the issue of making the people happy," said Bah Lasky Rymbai.
Every month, there are fighter jets from Iran and we have seen these facts.
He said that a copy of the decision will be sent to all the MLAs. These three MLAs have been suspended for not supporting the MDA government without the permission of the BJP. Shillong, Jymmang 29: U Bah KP Pangniang, President of the HSPDP, on Tuesday said that the party will not summon anyone to appear before the court regarding the letter sent by those who do not believe that the party will appear before the party. “As the party, we will not invite anyone to appear but let the people of Mawkyrwat Constituency give their answer in due course or in “It is useless to summon anyone who wants to appear because no one can be arrested even if they are leaders or MLAs,” said Bah Pangniang.
Some officers who spoke to Mawphor said that the threat of the Nongkrem MLA is unacceptable, because it is not them who make the law or issue the law, but the government authorities and and they did according to all that was commanded them.
It is clear that even the government officials themselves make laws and violate the laws. Has the Government done anything about this? Therefore, I request you, the Government, to think better again regarding the Christmas Carol rule.
He is also from Laittyra.
They won 17 medals including 5 gold, 6 silver and 6 bronze.
The Khasi language in Grade 8 is also in development.
The Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, has expressed his hope that the project to improve the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai will start soon.
He said that during his tenure as Chief Minister, they have prepared documents to claim land from Assam and these documents are to confirm their claim by the He urged the MDA government that the talks should be in accordance with the documents that the government had already submitted to the Assam government during the Congress rule.
When we turn to Meghalaya, which has a border of more than 400 km, we don't have an exact figure. We know from a report that in the three years 2008-2013, 18,951 Bangladeshis were arrested. and that they were restored.
On the same day, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar in charge of Urban Development and Transports visited the construction of the building of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation at Khyndai Lad in the presence of Jowai MLA Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar. Shillong Municipal Board (SMB), contractors and others.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong of Laitnongkseh, Bah Diber Shabong, Chairman of JAS, Secretary of JAS, Bah Dhotdingstar Nongbri, Asst. Village Secretary Bah Purningstar Shabong and others.
At the same time, Commander Shangpliang urged the people of the state to help the farmers of the state to eat khasi jhur as at present the union is facing difficulties in marketing the products. byllai now.
“If I personally don't accept candidates from two or three or more constituencies at the same time,” said Prestone.
R Lytan Program Manager expressed his gratitude to the Village of Khatkasla for taking the lead in the development of the Fish Sanctuary and said that the time will come one day to attract the public to visit the Fish Sanctuary. and will also be a tourist spot which will provide income generation for the villagers.
He said that the Central Government under the leadership of Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, is focusing on the region in terms of development and connectivity whether through air, railway, road and other infrastructure. and the rep of the field.
Noting that NEIGRIHMS belongs to the Central Government, Ampareen Lyngdoh said it is the duty of the State Government to keep an eye on the hospital.
Pleasure or enjoyment cannot really satisfy people at any level, that is why they look for other pleasures that are stronger and more powerful and drugs are one of the weapons that and once it was caught, it was like throwing itself along.
At the same time, the police department will deploy more traffic police in the area to guide vehicles and pedestrians.
In another development, besides the Acting Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, the Dolloi of Nongtalang, Chui Pohlynjar has also come to surrender before the JHADC by submitting a letter of apology and resignation. There is no longer any participation in the collection of revenue through these gates which have been opened by the Dorbar of Dolloi Ri Jaintia to the private sector.
Benjamin Marbaniang, resident of Riatsamthiah, was arrested at 11:30 pm and 12 grams of heroin and T.27,000 were seized from him. tyngka and another alcoholic beverage containing 32 grams.
It is difficult to see the passengers who have to pass through Shillong especially from Umshyrpi, Nongthymmai, Khyndai Lad, Polo, Jaïaw, Mawkhar from 8 am to 10 pm. and in the evening from 1 o'clock to 4 o'clock, because of the heavy traffic.
“We have taken NCERT books to help students to contest the UPSC, IPS, IAS, GMAT and other entrance examinations in the country because the examinations use the NCERT syllabus,” he said. Until 1998, there was only one school in Sahsniang A village which was Govt.
The union also acknowledged that the coal mining in Sohra has no impact on the environment.
Agnes lodged an FIR at Pynursla Police Station against the contractor for the construction of the road.
The body of the victim was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post-mortem, while the woman was charged with murder and the investigation is ongoing.
The opening ceremony was attended by Grace Mary Kharpuri as the Chief Guest, Chief Officers of the area E Warjri and G Warjri, Rangbah Shnong of Pynursla MS Khongthaw and others.
This nitrogen is higher than other types of soil.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the elders expressed their concern that the theft has been increasing day by day and said that the theft may have been caused by those who Children who use drugs in which they steal all the belongings from their homes if the families do not take care of these children who use drugs.
The law does not do what is necessary.
This happened to the Sohra Civil Sub Division, when the Chief Minister did not declare Sohra as a District, but only the Headquarters of the newly created District.
The participants were Alan Sun Marbaniang, Wandalin Syiemiong, Wilynder Khonglam, Larisa Pyrtuh and Rolling.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Nongrah Water Supply Scheme Phase I (PHE) has been implemented in the Nongrah area. The MLA of the constituency, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, has been able to complete the project.
A 26-year-old man has been arrested by police in Northern Ireland this month after killing a woman in the Republic of Ireland.
The Prime Minister said that this is not an easy task because of the many problems in this area. “We hope that we can resolve this and take it to another area where it will be there are certain areas that we will be able to address, we hope that all 6 areas from this area we will be able to address, but this will only be after the full report is received we will be able to better understand the this part"he added.
These include one BSF personnel from East Khasi Hills, 10 others from East Khasi Hills and 7 from Ri Bhoi District.
The government's desire to implement key decisions on equalization, access to payment, access to technology and government assistance has contributed to the desire of the youth to set up their own businesses.
The NEPC was conducted across the states of the North East in collaboration with Assam Don Bosco University.
However, the rule of law has changed in such a way that the Nongmihkhmat has been a Lei for three years and not a Shakri for three years.
“This will affect the poor and the residents of Tura and West Garo Hills,” he said.
The Dorbar Shnong strongly opposes this festival which is not appropriate for the society and does not allow any festival to be held within the boundary of the village without the permission of the village, said a statement from Bah S Syiemlieh. the chief of the village of Umbir.
In the 2019-20 season, Buam signed for Bengaluru FC on loan.
However, the smuggling of rnga continues.
True leaders do not corrupt.
This soskular reflects the hard work of Meghalaya to showcase the richness of Meghalaya in hydropower.
Jesus said this because he saw again and again that those who take the position of Rabbi or Teacher, they exalt themselves, they take glory for themselves, they feel like they are masters and others as servants. .
Shillong: Meghalaya have started the National Sub-Junior Qualifying Round in Imphal, Manipur with a victory after beating Assam in the first match of Group B. Colin Salmon Lyngdoh scored the three goals for Meghalaya in the 26th and 72nd minutes of the first leg of the tournament. and Samchaphrang Lato in the 40th minute from the penalty spot.
In 2009, Purno did not contest the MP election, but contested with his daughter Agatha Sangma, and she also won which shows that since 1972 the Garo people have been united. Purno said that although he did not win in 2009, they won the election for his son.
There are 73 cases in East Khasi Hills, 9 cases in West Garo Hills, 8 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 5 cases in South Garo Hills, 2 cases in East Garo Hills and 1 case in East Garo Hills. There are 2 cases in North Garo Hills, 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in West Khasi Hills and 1 case in Ri Bhoi District.
Nongbri (54kg 13-14years), Bryansing Marboh (51kg under23 years), Blansing Kurbah (60 kg above 23-40 years), Comford L.Mawlong (60 Kg Under 23 years), Johnronald Sangriang (51 kg Under 23 years), Ebrest Lyngdoh (48 kg 16-17 years) and Rufolf Lyngdoh (37 kg 11-12 years).
Shillong: Two women, Finie Suchiang, 18, (son of Iolanda Suchiang) and Arkini Suchiang, were arrested on Tuesday evening. 12 years old, (son of Macdalin Suchiang) from Mulieh, West Jaintia Hills, has drowned in the Syllek River near Mowkyndeng, WJH. With the help of 4 youths from Mowkyndeng village including Waiphangki Pala (22 years old), Thranglut-o-ki Pala (17 years old), Onyxstone Pala (19 years old) and Suchiang (19 years old) was able to rescue the women.
Jowai, July 11: The District Sports Officer, Jowai today held a program to welcome the Torch Relay which arrived in Jowai on the 5th The Meghalaya Games 2024 will be held from 15th to 20th July 2024 in Tura.
Malki coach Kitkupar Kharshiing has replaced only two players by introducing Nikel Ryntathiang and Emboklang Nongkhlaw, who is also a young player who has been with Bengaluru FC for the past few years.
The main reason for the decline in the value of morality or human dignity in this age is that we human beings have become too rich and have rushed home to get education.
It is a national emergency,” said the judges.
However, as you can see, it is a party that respects each other and especially the leaders.
Whether there are children or not, this policeman does whatever he wants just to save his own hand.
Shanborlang had competed in the Marine Pro Boxing Promotion 2022 in Mumbai, but won the Professional Boxing Championship 2022 in Manipur.
hard to find and contact them.
The 6th Dorbar Shnong has announced a strike today, but as soon as the announcement was made, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare under the leadership of the Director of Health Service Department came to Mawryngkneng PHC. During the visit of Dr War, the Sordars of these 6 Dorbar Shnongs had the opportunity to discuss and express the problems they face at PHC Mawryngkneng.
The union also expressed to the Chief Superintendent of Police that it is ready to cooperate with the police or the government for the benefit of all the land dealers in the state especially in Shillong.
“With this order, the BJP Government in Assam has now established the foundation for the persecution and harassment of Christians and churches in the state and by using the Police and Intelligence Department to eliminate the right of Christians to worship freely and to persecute even those who accept Christianity,” he added.
The Deputy Commissioner, Abhilash Baranwal, IAS, who was present at the time of the incident, was shot dead by a video of the incident. you 'tien sih 'tien blood.
The festival was held on the 27th of this month where students from various colleges together with youths from Mutong and Cham Cham villages conducted a trekking cum cleaning drive. and select plastic along the Myntdu River from Sahksaw to Kailongdong and to Moopun Valley which falls under the Myntdu River.
He said that the State has made progress in the field of cricket and he expects that among the young players there will be one or two who will have the opportunity to represent India in various categories.
In fact, this Act has been implemented strictly in the past few years, but now we have started to see the beginning of the appearance of smuggling vehicles in Shillong.
Article 243-G deals with the power, authority and responsibility of Panchayats and according to Clause (b) describes the implementation of Schemes for the improvement of income and social welfare of the Panchayats. in the Panchayat which also includes the subjects listed in the Eleventh Schedule.
As mentioned above, the salvation of Israel would take place after that last day foretold by Daniel.
Speaking to media, the president of the Khasi Author Society (KAS), Dr. DRL Nonglait, today said that the Garo language should not be a stumbling block for the entry of the Khasi language into the Khasi language. Article 5 of the Constitution of India.
Conrad said the government has a goal and vision for the state and to increase the allocation of funds for sustainable construction, job creation. employment through self-employment besides the implementation of special policies and programs to improve the income of farmers.
At this time of Coronavirus, the Seng requests the Government and Health Department to take action to temporarily suspend the arrival of tourists in the region and the state as a whole, said the Seng. Sohra Labor Union President Bawallam Kupar Khongmawpat.
This is the judgment of the nations.
Speaking at the handover ceremony of the Ambulance to Dongki Ingding PHC on 05th July, 2021, Bah Metbah said this from the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. has been received by the National Highway Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited (NHIDCL).
These political parties have tried to form another government with the coalition of UDP and HSPDP but it failed because two HSPDP MLAs have left to support the NPP. They also supported the government of Conrad K Sangma.
Another reason for the surprise is that Caffinia is one of the singers of the Kids' Tarari Choir, a group of children from Nongstoiñ which is not only famous, but has gained the love of the people because of the voices, the style of singing of Caffinia and other members of this group.
“At present, there are three cases, one male 10 years old, one female 8 years old and another 5 years old.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on its inspection of the road from Thiep-Bamon to Mawpud has urged the contractor to complete the road as soon as possible so that the road from Thiep-Bamon to Mawpud will be completed as soon as possible. The residents will not face any problems in terms of traffic and it will also make it easier for them to climb to Mawkyrwat.
Indian Prime Minister Ramdas Athawale has suggested that all restaurants and hotels should be closed following the clash between Indian and Chinese troops that killed 20 Indian soldiers. , who cook and sell Chinese food and then that they should also stop using ingredients from China.
Therefore I write to you, that you may not be offended.
CHAPTER – 22 THE SOHTRUN This soybean was first introduced from Brazil to South America.
Therefore, the union urges the government authorities to provide especially the posts of Doctors for the 100 bed CHC in Mawkyrwat, as this CHC now has only one MD and They are MBBS doctors.
It is not known whether he is mentally retarded but police are awaiting the report of the doctors.
It was rebuilt in 1987 and the design of the house was designed by (L) Kambel Shullai, an architect of Jowai who discovered Khnap Thangbru.
“He said that the coal stored in these areas has disappeared without any revenue from the government and said that the government has allowed this to happen under the protection of the government. you of me.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, said that many people have donated their land to the government for the purpose of bringing about development works in the villages and townships. The government is pleased to help each other by appointing them.
The award ceremony was held in the name of Myllung Soso Tham, as a quotation from the snapshots of his philosophy for the building of society.
College and informed that the recognition is true but there are still some requirements that the College has to fulfill before opening this year, namely to appoint teachers and staff.
The order was issued on Friday after receiving a complaint regarding the presence of people who use drugs in the evening to catch fish from the Kynshi River and its adjacent rivers.
The clash between the two MLAs erupted after the party's presidential candidate, Draupadi Murmu, came to Meghalaya to seek support from other parties in the election of the new president of India.
Newspapers and media said they could not understand why the GHADC did not allow journalists and media to cover the discussions within the Council.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate Synshar Lyngdoh Thabah will file his nomination papers on the 14th of this month for the upcoming elections in Sohiong constituency.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has written on Twitter to request for condolences for the floods in Garo Hills.
It is for this reason that the central government has decided to scrap the project.
Therefore, as school children, we should not play in this area because if we make a mistake, the law will not punish us.
With the cooperation of Mohrmen and his supporters, the AITC was able to establish itself in Jowai.
FR Kharkongor said the election was very quiet and the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) and the Election Commission of India (ECI) have sent five battalions of CAPF Police to monitor the election. the election.
If you really have a special talent, please like and share it.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: One of the leaders of the CSWO(I) Rosi War has denied the allegations against her that she cheated six people who went to work. sha Chennai.
However, suddenly in the 2014 elections, all these things turned upside down, we didn't get the money anymore and when the leaders changed they didn't understand this need,” he said.
The protest was led by MPYC President Richard Marak.
Mawsadang FC lost 3-1 to Mawser SC in the first leg of the tournament.
Faith is a personal understanding of a person.
There are also government jobs that have been vacated by those government employees who have retired.
In this regard, Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao also wanted to implement this scheme for school children up to Class 10, he said.
Jowai: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday, June 17, 2013, under the leadership of Samla Romingstar Lamare, General Secretary, Samla Phaitki Suna, Organizing Secretary, Samla Phaitki Suna, Organizing Secretary, Jaintia Hills District, Jowai. The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has strongly opposed the government's plan to install smart meters through Satnam Global Infraproject. MePDCL, on 12/05/2021 through its office, sent a letter to the villages including Ummulong, Wahiajer and Lad Mukhla, etc.
Bear Grylls, one of the nature lovers, who has done many amazing things, in his journey and once, he was injured by a budlum, because he fell, while flying with a parachute. However, he said that the worst fear for him was when a thlen, turned his ryndang and this was the incident, which shocked him a little.
Dear reader, if I finish like this, you will be surprised because you don't know who that Ud longtheng is.
" Indeed, indeed, the Khyndailad has been filled with those images of myrsiang and lizards.
He also informed about the various programs of the Government to keep the State and its towns and villages clean and tidy.
The film was written by Sujeeth and produced by Vamsi Krishna Reddy.
Jowai, Jymmang 15 : Mulait United FC beat Pdengkarong Youth Club 2-1 in the Meghalaya State League (MSL) 2023 today. Jowai Zone at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Warsaw, the capital of Poland, is preparing for the venues and other facilities for the tournament.
Students from outside Shillong stay in the hostels of NEHU because they are comfortable and accommodating inside the university.
Shilling represented the state in the National Junior in 1988 in Kerala and also represented the state in the 1993 Santosh Trophy in Madras.
“Our demand is to take over the teaching post as demanded by JACATAM,” said the FAMASTA members. Bah Kenneth Shadap from JACATAM said that the group of teachers unanimously voted for They demanded that the government should not accept the teaching job and should not increase the salary.
However, the cleaning methods of the villages in Ri-Tor and Ri Lum are different.
Some tests have been sent directly to Dhaka from Sunamganj, Moulvibazar and Habiganj districts and 21 of them have been confirmed positive.
Mawtnum SC&SC, which won the final, received a cash prize of T.10,000, while Umsamlem SC, which lost the final, received a cash prize of T.10,0 thousand rupees.
He said that the goal of writing this book is to help the children who are low income and who do not have the opportunity to go to tution. or what the students can easily understand.
Bah Waroh Pde, you are a man of talent and dress, You have developed your own traditional voice; Jaitbynriew Khasi-Pnar, your voice will never disappear, In the country forever your name will remain.
Many people board tourist vehicles to Shillong and this protest is an insult to them, the report added.
Dipanda Dicka opened the scoring in the first half followed by Akram Moghrabi and SK Faiaz in the last minutes.
While Mohammed Aashiq from Mangalore won the title of MasterChef India 2023, Rukhsaar Sayeed came second runner-up.
Shillong, July 03 : Challenger FC has won a cash prize of 1.50 lakh tyngka after beating MLFC in the tournament organized by Lawsohtun Sports Club. on the 31st of this month in Lawsohtun.
The Minister said that the Government is also preparing a Detailed Project Report (DPR) for the Tourist Circuits which will soon be implemented for the construction of wells, parking lots and other improvements. There are also other projects that have been completed and are currently being implemented in Rangad, Umbyrleiñ Valley and other villages.
RP:What grade and year did you graduate? Do you work or do you stay at home? DK: I completed my Mcom from NEHU in
(iv) The centurion or captain of the 100 who had been involved in crucifying Jesus immediately repented and said, “Surely this man was a sinner.” long the Son of God.
Robert June Kharjahrin January 23, 2020 Since gaining independence, Meghalaya has enacted national security laws as part of its efforts to curb the illegal entry of foreigners. in our state and to strengthen the sovereignty of the indigenous people over the land of our country.
Shillong: Several incidents have occurred in parts of Shillong and Nongstoin last night and this morning as a sign of protest against the failure of Amit Shah's approval. , Minister of Home Affairs, to implement the demand for ILP of various political parties in the state.
The trucks (dumpers) that we have seized are as follows.
He said that every year thousands of precious lives are lost in accidents and the reason is due to reckless driving, speeding and disrespect for the rights of others.
Lambok also stressed the need for the Government to set up its own cell to arrest drug users. “This cell should have counseling centers to help people. don't let them escape from this drink.
On the other hand, the union has found that until now there are no signs to install the BOP in this area and this is a problem and inconvenience to the residents.
Local police said that illegal coal mines are most common in Margherita and Ledo-Tinsukia districts.
Another shock to the youth was after the Meghalaya High Court issued an order and an Office Memorandum on 10.05.22 entitled 'Reservation for Post' which is in conflict with the Office Memorandum issued on 12.01.1972 entitled 'Reservation on Vacancies,' said Bah Adelbert.
Adelbert also explained that some political parties have emerged to call for unity and fighting against the Congress in the MP elections, while in the MDC elections, they have split. I'm you're you're.
Earlier, KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah said that the Mobile App competition called Tang Shi Kyntien is to encourage the introduction of the Khasi language in the country. young son.
The Ïewduh, which falls under the jurisdiction of the Hima Mylliem, is one of the oldest markets in the area.
The injured included children and were taken to Williamnagar Hospital.
He said that the party does not want to talk and argue, but as the party supports the demand of the village leaders and Raid leaders who know better the land and boundaries in the area, and if The government has not listened to the demands of the village leaders and the elders. The union has not accepted the boundary demarcation and has threatened strong protests.
Shillong: The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan will attend the Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Khasi Kmie Seng on the 10th June
The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prestone Tynsong today handed over the appointment letters to the new District Presidents of Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
According to photographs released by the Turkish DHA, the truck was seen overturning and hitting a vehicle in the area.
When King Nebuchadnezzar ruled over the kingdom of Babylon, he had wonderful dreams that troubled and troubled his soul so much that he could not sleep.
For the Shillong seat, no candidates filed their nomination papers on the last day while from Tura, former TMC MLA Zenith Sangma completed the filing of nomination papers on the last day.
After the 10 and a half hour ceremony, the Governor invited everyone to the dinner, where he greeted and led the children to eat first. of the Governor, for the Christmas celebration, which was attended by about 300 people.
Under the draft bill, the provisions relating to the powers of Rangbah Shnong, the structure of villages, the establishment of executive committees in villages and many other areas have been clarified.
In the last letter, at midnight, she wrote, "Bye bye and Good night.
The song was sung by Ram Suchiang and Sunita Kyndait and featured Barilang Pyngrope as the drummer and Sami Passah as the tyngshop.
“This is not an arrest but a execution.
The Deputy Commissioner of Supply, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai, has warned all wholesalers/retailers not to sell too much at the price of beverages such as u Wheat, Sugarcane, Dairy, Jhur and other food items.
Shillong: The District Medical and Health Officer, Jowai, on Tuesday informed the District Medical and Health Office (DMHO) of East Jaintia Hills, Jowai that there are four newly arrived cases from China. East Jaintia Hills and 2 cases from West Jaintia Hills, Jowai.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Two days before the mid-term MP elections in Tura Constituency, a leaflet written in the name of the Rashtriya Swayam Sevak Sangh (RSS) was distributed to the people.
As soon as the truck overturned, the fuel fell to the ground and other drivers when they saw this rushed with their cars, jarkin and even bottles of water to receive the fuel and many others. Those who were able to carry bottles and jars received many liters of umphniang while those who were able to carry bottles of water received only a little.
The organization of this tournament for the women of the state is also a benefit to develop the talents and to develop those athletes who want to improve their performance.
The Borghat-Sonapur road has been handed over to the NERSDS for four years.
This is through an order issued by the State Government on 20th November
Bah Marbud, leader of the Youth Congress, said that when he arrived at Mukroh on the day of the shooting and brought the body home, he couldn't help but cry when he heard about the shooting. The children and wife of Bah Shiruplang Sumer, one of those shot dead by the Assam Police on that day.
For more information and requirements please call the Secretary Shnong.
Chandigarh: 31 farmers' organizations will hold a mass protest in Punjab on 25th November 2020 against the Indian government's recently passed law. approval by the Lok Sabha in the past few days.
There are some important issues, such as the state of law and order, the peace talks with the HNLC, the participation of the people that will be discussed,” he said.
The Minister of Education, Dharmendra Pradhan, on Friday sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, confirming that all the colleges affiliated to the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) have been closed. the CUET is now in 2022-2
Teddy Bang scored 47' and Lambor Lyngdoh 90'
?"Niakha asked. "Yes... Two days ago Niakha..." Rida replied. "Oh, how... Then you feel like that...?" Niakha asked again. Rida“Don't worry, Khun, you've passed well...” Niakha said, “Yes, Niakha.
Bah L.Khardewsaw, one of the leaders of the union, reminded that the construction of government buildings, from time to time, is found to be completed and it makes it difficult to use them especially the houses that have fallen into disrepair. used by the public as a school.
Curtis said that in 2016, the Syiem of Nongspung Hima had signed the NOC to allow Assam to build a PMGSY in Patgoan and this would allow Assam to cross the border with Meghalaya.
After the programme, all the members led by the Director Horticulture Kong D Sohtun also inspected the 16 stalls set up at the market.
The school has been established since 1991 in their residence hall.
“This will be one of the toughest matches for Lajong as it will be away from home against a strong team, which beat Aizawl FC on the opening day”.
According to sources, on the night of the 16th (yesterday) a 15-year-old girl named Kerban Khyllait son of Bah Francis Nongsiej from Lait Lyngkhoi village has been arrested. It is said that while she was lympat herself and while she was lynñiar she called out the name of an old man whose name was known. Dipolan Lyngdoh, 42 years old.
This area is known as 'Lum Laudato si'
Hooid you have that talent without training I understand it's not useful for you to sing because if you have training you understand how to sing how to have that feeling because you don't have that feeling but when we sing it should be from the heart, we should have that thought according to the teaching given to us so that we know. How can we sing if we sing free style like in a foreign language?
August: Two youths died and one sustained serious injuries in a fatal bike accident today morning at 5:00 a.
Referring to the Act East policy of the Government of India, the President said that Meghalaya and all the states in the North East should work in the form of a mission to ensure secure transportation. , unemployment and infrastructure in the region, focusing on key areas especially as the region serves as a gateway to South East Asia.
The bishop said that the All Saints Church has many prominent figures in the state, some of whom have passed away and some of whom are still alive, but the church does not express pride or regret for the presence of their.
The Petroleum Dealers Association of Meghalaya supports this action of the police,” said Bah Kennedy.
Following the complaint of the residents of Namdong Village to the Seng regarding the shortcomings and functioning of the Primary Health Center in Namdong Village, the KSU Namdong Unit, has met with the doctor, who is in charge of the Primary Health Centre. I went to the Health Centre.
In his opening remarks, the Chairman reminded that this is not the first award that Bah Ditol Mylliemngap has received, as in 2013 he had received the DISTRICT TEACHER'S AWARD from the Government of Meghalaya.
Political parties or candidates shall not engage in any activities that may create existing differences or create hatred or prejudice between people of different races, religions or languages. 2.
It may be recalled that the decision to join the PDF was made by Bah Morning in recent days.
She is also the youngest child of Bah Rubi Binong and Kong Kobita Syiem.
Shillong: The FKJGP Central Body led by Eldie Newton Lyngdoh today met with the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District, Bah PS Dkhar to complain about the increase in the number of Khar Die. Khyndailad Square and at the same time the expenditure of the farmers in the city, especially in Khyndailad.
Nongpoh: Hills United of Diphu have won the first title of the EK Mawlong Memorial Trophy at Mawlasnai Stadium today. Khlieh Mawlieh Youth Club lost 4-2 in the tie breaker, as in the middle of the field, they ended in a 3-3 draw.
The number of units increased by 25% from 26,681 units in July 2014 to 33,233 units in July
Furthermore, this is part of the Committee's coordinated efforts to promote and improve the sports industry in the area.
Nongstoiñ, June 15: The demand to curb the illegal entry of foreigners into Meghalaya has been a long-standing issue that the political parties have demanded to be implemented, but it has not been implemented yet.
He said that even the political parties do not take action, the people in power are silent.
We see that even the poor are as rich as the rich.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rangbah Shnong of Namdong B, Bah Damian War, said that the village is grateful to have a woman who has contributed so much for the welfare of Kong Dorothy. in helping to give birth to women in the village and neighboring villages.
It was also reported that there was a landslide in some parts of the Borghat-Sonapur road.
“On my part, when I arrived at the Polling Station (Umladang) at 9:30 AM, I was shocked.
Bah E Tariang, District Social Welfare Officer, South West Khasi Hills District, gave a keynote address on the occasion.
Furthermore, T.2,530 crore has already been transferred to the accounts of the beneficiaries of various schemes.
The meeting was conducted by Rev.DL Syiemlieh in the presence of the Headmaster, Bah K.Khongngaiñ.
The Amarnath Yatra was suspended for the fourth day yesterday due to the blockade of the Jammu-Srinagar highway.
Speaking at the meeting, MDC Jansing Tynsong said that the school is a blessing to the school, as it has received the assistance from the government. Jan said that besides providing school buildings for teachers, the government has also provided schools for the students. Urging the students to value their education, u Bah Jan reminded that thousands of dollars can be lost but knowledge is not worth it. to be cut off and it is not lost to man.
Most of the 20.4 lakh vehicles, which are about 15 years old, will be destroyed in Odisha, Commerce and Transport Minister Tukuni Sahu said in the House.
Shillong, July 3: “He did not explain, it was a last minute statement,” said Bah T Lyngkhoi, General Secretary, 14-Pynthorumkhrah Block Congress Committee.
Lyngdoh said that the six month extension of the government will end tomorrow but they have not received any reply from the government after sending a letter to the government ministers and the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills. too.
On the other hand, the leaders of the Seng said that until the clarification and answer to the demands of the Seng, the Department should not proceed to call for a Written Test or Interview for the applicants for these posts. ,and decided to monitor and hold protests if the Department does not stop and provide an explanation on its demands.
On the other hand, North Liberty HS School and Eladki Ksoo won the 100 meter race.
There are those who go with money, there are those who don't stop, but you need to understand how to be responsible for the rules.
Protesters in Hong Kong, demanding democracy, clashed with police today.
In these days, we need a strong prayer for the country, for the rulers that God will produce God-fearing, not those who will despise the workers or the women, but those who look after and judge in the right.
Promising to the people, Abhishek Banerjee said, “The state will bring in a government that will be able to bring about many changes in all aspects, there will be no social consensus on the border. We will fight for the inclusion of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo languages ​​in the fifth schedule of the Constitution of the country”.
According to the CSWO, even a Drugs Analyst has not been in the state since the retirement of Bah V Khongwir who is a Drugs Analyst for three years.
In another match, Lajong U-14, which played in the U-14 SSA, reached the semi-finals after winning many matches.
Ranikor MDC Ranikor Constituency Bah Pius Marweiñ on Tuesday inaugurated the new building of Langrin Government Upper Primary School Wahkaji South West Khasi Hills District.
Tel Aviv: Israeli offensives intensified in parts of Gaza on Sunday morning and then in parts of southern Lebanon.
Finally, as a unique and God-knowing nation, we must remember that clean marriage is indeed a threat to our small nation.
Kharkrang said that all the illegal activities registered under the NPDS Act in 2009-2014 in East Khasi Hills district alone are 55 and 63 persons have been arrested under the NPDS Act since 2014.
Poverty and backwardness come because local governance is inadequate.
“I have spoken to Mizoram Chief Minister Zoramthanga and I have informed him that Assam will continue to maintain the border area as usual. I am ready to go to Aizawl, to talk, if necessary.
The birds of the heavens and the beasts of the earth were destroyed by the flames.
Shillong, Iaiong 06: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew Constituency and Adviser to the Department of Agriculture, Shillong, on Tuesday said that cleanliness, health and sports are the three pillars to improve the life of man.
Today, the four organizations held a mass rally at the statue of Kiang Nangbah to condemn the incident in Mukroh.
Shillong: Ka NEHUSU, has expressed its regret that the students who sat for the under graduate examination, have scored very low marks, which is lower than they used to get in the previous examinations. in the fifth semester.
Shillong: The Syiem of Sohra Hima, today sent a letter to the Superintendent of Majai Land Custom, Sohra Hima, informing him that the order of the District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, issued on the 10th of this month, has been violated. The High Court of Meghalaya, on 13th June 2022, has allowed the Hima Sohra to collect revenue of T. 200 per truck, which is the fee, for the use of the Hima road from Umdud to Zero Point, where the court has also ordered the Hima, to take care of spirit of this road.
He said that as part of attracting tourists, a scheme will be introduced at Tnadlaskeiñ Lake and he also informed that about Rs 20 crore has been allocated for the Mini Secretariat in Jowai and to open a health centre. MCH in Analyar.
The objective is to provide mobile network, internet and broadband to the residents of the State.
In the men's singles, Eraphael Dkhar won the title by defeating Deonicious Chullai 11-6, 11-8, 11-9 and 11-7
At present, the MTDC operates four hotels including Pinewood, State Convention Centre, Orchid Hotel and Orchid Lake Resort and smaller hotels like Jiva Nongpoh, Orchid Inn Thadlaskein, Tourist Lodge Dawki and others.
In the second match between Mulang Ialong and Lion Sports & Youth Affairs, Mulang Ialong won 4-0 goals. Chalet Phawa scored in the 33rd and 40th minutes while Samitlang Pale scored in the 48th minute.
According to a report released by the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) on the first blue discoloration in the river in 2007, it was revealed that the discoloration and death of fish in the river was due to the presence of coal and mining mines in the river. this is the District.
The tournament was organized by the Jorhat District Sports Association.
The rally was led by HYC President Robert Kharjarin, HYC Ri Bhoi President Jason Lennox Nongrum and other leaders from the party and the district. Also present were the Syiem of Jirang Hima, the leaders of the Nongspung Hima, the Rangbah Shnongs and the residents of these border villages who have been affected by the boundary settlement.
Eriben Presbyterian Sec School, Nongthymmai 9.
“It is not illegal to defend one's own country and to be vigilant.
Speech was also delivered by Bah HS Kharpran, Project Manager of Cherrapunjee Ecological.
He said that the Council has also proposed to demand from the state and central governments to introduce a system of voting rights and protection for the people of the country. Ninth Trep.
Bah Robert June you are not fit to contest MP, because you have not completed your MDC election and MLA film part Pass.
On the other hand, the residents said that they have expressed their deep sorrow over this action of Assam which has come to destroy and damage in a moment.
Regarding the support of the people for the WE Card and MYE Card announced by the Meghalaya TMC, Ba Shullai said, “To ignore these schemes is like ignoring the need. of the people.
Bomb Disposal Squad was also present during the search operation.
The VPP also expressed its deep concern over the false prediction by some NPP leaders that if the employment quota is changed, there will be ethnic tensions in the state.
This is not the first time that Meghalaya Ministers have visited Delhi, but almost every time.
UDP Leader Titosstarwell Chyne said the party has already sent representatives to the committee to discuss the roster system. the Government in relation to the Reservation Policy.
In particular, such places should be available for all the ethnic groups living in the state including the tribals; so that the last rites can be performed in a proper manner,” the High Court said.
According to the order, it is also prohibited to carry any weapons and any explosives throughout the district until the end of the election and this part of the order will not apply to the security personnel. (Force) such as Police, Home Guard, Forest Personnel, BSF and CMPF personnel.
“We request the NEHU authorities to take strong action against those involved in this incident and those involved should be brought to justice and prevent such incidents in the future.” said the statement.
Salchang Sangma and Silgar M. Sangma scored 3/22 each and Ayush M Sangma scored 2/11 each.
The Minister said that previous governments have not asked for a hospital like AIIMS, because NEIGRIHMS is also a good hospital and it is not much different from AIIMS and AIIMS is just a name. and the name.
s.
During the election, Conrad used a helicopter to campaign for Abdus Saleh of Rajabala constituency in Takimgre and for Pongseng Marak of Bajengdoba constituency in Moadamgre. and Rupert Momin from Kharkutta Constituency.
Syiem said that the reports that the Khasi Heritage Village has been allocated T.6.38 crore are not true.
This is the divide and rule policy introduced by the British Government.
No one saw Bah Kopal when he left the house, said the ejahar which urged the law enforcement authorities to search for him. ïong the blood.
He was also the Chief Secretary of Mizoram and Chairman of the Delhi Agriculture Marketing Board before retiring.
He said that after that, the Governor will appoint a Protem Chairman from among the MDCs whom he approves and the Protem Chairman will temporarily oversee the work of the House until a special session can be held to elect the Chairman.
A police recruit, who came forward to explain to the media, said that they had to leave the streets because of the government's delay in the results which were written in June. a month and the government promises production within two weeks; However, the result has not been announced yet.
Jowai, July 29: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle together with the Amlarem Police Station have organized a program to avoid alcoholic beverages especially drugs on the theme 'Say No to Drugs' , Yes to Life' on the 27th of this month at Amlarem Market.
Instead of looking after the state as director, he is only trying to convince the Mawsynram area which shows the misuse of his position, said the CSWO. The government has announced its intention to visit patients at the Civil Hospital as reported in the media.
Tura and East Garo, who will play in the final today, are also the teams that have already played in the group stage and EGH beat Tura by 12 runs. the intensity of the rain.
Speaking to Rupang, the Assistant Commissioner of Food Safety, DBS Mukhim, said she does not believe the report from Guwahati that an inquiry has been sent into the food after three people were arrested. children who have used this tool.
The injured were rushed to the Civil Hospital Nongstoiñ for treatment, while the driver of the truck fled the scene.
Angadi is 65 years old.
He said that this violence of the insurgents will soon end with the hard work of the present government.
Never shout or challenge your husband in front of children.
It is the month of preparation for Good Friday and today, Mizoram is in a state of great excitement.
It would be sad if the nation that used to be known as a nation of morality becomes a nation that is not morality and morality.
Among the 27 issues, which the HSPDP has promised to implement in the Election Manifesto, it was found that the party has included the demand for Khasi-Jaintia State, the implementation of the Inner Line Permit, the demand for recognition. to include the Khasi Language under Article 10 of the Constitution of India, to oppose the mining of uranium and other issues.
The maximum temperature was 25.7 degrees Celsius in Sohra, 16.4 degrees Celsius, Umiam 27.3 degrees Celsius and 18.7 degrees Celsius.
On November 2, at a public meeting in Mawmaram, the candidate, who is a former officer of the Custom Department, who holds the post of Superintendent, said that the jaidbynriew will not elect him. representative with a disability.
The public meeting convened by the Joint Action Committee (JAC) to protest against the end of the Cherry Blossom Festival on Sunday, November 19, 2023, has been canceled on Thursday, November u November, 2023 in Bhoirymbong after the Village Authority of Bhoirymbong Lumdaitkhla has not given any permission to hold the meeting on that day.
He said that all the 10 people who have been tested negative for the first and second times have tested negative, which means that they have recovered completely from the disease. One of them was tested negative today.
The two-day workshop was attended by teachers from more than 100 schools from all districts of Meghalaya.
There he saw that a man had thrown the cow lyngki sharud wah with a knife and a dabor to cut off the cow.
Society will collapse and there will be murder and bloodshed unless there is a just, true, accountable and fairly enforced law and order.
According to information received by reporters, the incident happened on the 28th at 3 pm, when the group of four persons along with the father of the victims. Heprit, they went to drink kyiad at the house and after drinking alcohol, the father of these children became drunk and did not know anyone else. and they were in the house.
The mid-term MDC elections will be held on 13th November
General Secretary KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit KS Suchiang, President FKJGP Jaintia Hills Zone Tuesday Lytep also delivered welcome speeches in the presence of members of various political parties and several leaders. Village.
It was at that time that the Jews or Israelites would open their eyes and declare that this Jesus who was preached among them by the Gentiles was our Messiah.
Finally, it is necessary to obey and spell out the signs that are used when driving, because sometimes as human beings, we forget what is written on the road, but when we are disciplined, , these evil things are more likely to happen, although in human nature it is true that they cannot be restored, but when you think about it, evil things are never more likely to happen in human life.
Speaking to media, Congress Spokesperson Hima Shangpliang said, “We are not saying that we don't support the ILP but we should start the Entry and Exit Point (EEP). We cannot say ILP or anything else especially the implementation of the National Register of Citizens (NRC) in Assam”.
They alleged that this is due to the action of the Syiem Raid who issued a No Objection Certificate to the foreigner to quarry stone from the sacred law called Lum Blei Killing and Patkang Tang Syiem.
Shillong: A Yamaha MT 15 (ML 05 U 9044) has been stolen from a field in Chandmari village, Lumshyiap. They left the bike at the cemetery of the Golflink Presbyterian Church opposite the forest of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
In a meeting with the CEM, Rynbai said, “He accused the party of coming to challenge him on this issue”. to talk about the facts of the recruitment process within this office, not to come here to point fingers and smile.
Speaking on the occasion, the General Secretary, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that the protest was held today to inform the government about the impact of the lockdown. the increase in petrol and diesel prices.
Job 14:1-5.
They demanded that the government should provide adequate salary according to the job besides ESI, PF, EL and others.
He said that the party has already discussed with the government on this issue before it reached this point.
The union has turned away those foreigners who wanted to stay at Umtrai and Sonidan markets and others who wanted to enter the market. sha other de place.
What is good, hold fast, and what is bad, throw away.
Because the rule is that before the Syiem or Rangbah Shnong does anything, he should consult with the Executive Committee and then inform the Dorbar Paitbah whether they agree or not.
“There was no horse trade,” Marak said in an interview with the media in reply to a question on the allegation by former Chief Minister Mukul Sangma that the Seng Riewlum including the AITC and the The Congress party has not been able to form a government because of the horse trade.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court today refused to accept a petition challenging the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) Act which bans Indians from entering the states of India. northeast, including Nagaland.
Shillong, November 8 : The Government of Meghalaya will implement the rules and regulations to punish those Coke factories that violate the law within six months.
These types of bampong are of various types including bampong in the throat, throat, throat, throat, sinuses and throat.
All this is a stinginess of the employees and lineman of MeECL and the union demands that the investigation should be clean and those involved should be punished so that such incidents will not happen again. , said Bah Eldi Newton Lyngdoh, Information Secretary of the party and added that the party will continue to monitor this.
Both these overturns have caused a lot of trouble to the passengers from all over Ri Khasi Jaintia, who have been stranded to travel to Shillong and back.
In his speech, the Chairman of VHC, Bah Frankie Nongrum, thanked Dr Sohkhia (incharge Umsning CHC) for their help and willingness to lend their right hand to support various programmes. On the same day, the Chairman of Umsaitsning Pyllun distributed bicycles to the first prize winners followed by cash prizes to the second and third prize winners.
After the programme, the Meghalaya Entrepreneurship Conclave 2022 was held on the theme 'Entrepreneurship and the Road Ahead -Meghalaya Next
We who have ringed sti like this can't stand the cold anymore,” said the father and went out immediately.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh, today informed the public that under Section 144 CrPC, which has warned all vehicles exceeding 40 MT not to pass through the High Bridge at Umiam, Ri Bhoi District.
The day was enriched by traditional dances by the youth and children of the village.
These donations were distributed on Friday to these families.
These offices of religious groups should also open the door to explain what MLA or MDC leaders can do for the state and not to talk about how much money the candidate has,” said Bah Rymbui. The meeting was attended by many representatives of various religious groups.
At that time, these Longkmie, went to search at the Dhaba, they found two women, while the men were not found anymore, because they fled the place, as soon as they learned about it. the appearance of these Longkmie.
Vinayak Khedekar, Goa , Indian Music R.Visweswaran, Karnataka, Indian Music SunayanaHazarilal, Maharashtra, Indiana Dance Raja &Radha Reddy, Delhi, Indiana Dance (Joint Fellowship) Dulal Roy, Assam, Indian Theater D.P.Sinha, Minister of Indian Theatresh, Uttar Pradesh G. Kishan Reddy, Minister of State for Law and Justice (Independent Charge) and Parliamentary Affairs and Culture Arjun Ram Meghwal, Secretary, Govind Mohan and Chairman; Dr Sandhya Purecha of Sangeet Drama Academy was present at the award ceremony.
According to the Minister, the Central Government will pass the bill in the coming session of Parliament.
The 7th Winter Camp & Youth Leadership Training was inaugurated by AP Syiem, District Chief Commissioner & District School Education Officer, West Jaintia Hills as the chief guest in the presence of Saramai Tariang, Vice-President MBS&G, West Jaintia Hills. Adiam U Bthuh, District Secretary MBS&G West Jaintia Hills while W. Lyngdoh, State Secretary MBS&G, Shillong on 11th November came to attend the Grand Campfire.
His beautiful voice,the lyrics and the present condition of Rupari himself were very much the cause for making the viewers emotional and some of them could even empathize with him.
The Date of Birth to be accepted for those participants in the list of children under 14 years of age will be, those born from 1st January 2010 onwards, for children under 17 years of age (male and female) will be taken those born on 1st January 2007 onwards.
The scheme, which was launched today in Nongpoh, is a scheme set up by the Central Government to help those elderly people who have disabilities. from those who have diseases in the bones, teeth, eyes and those who cannot walk or stand.
Members of the opposition in Taiwan have thrown a pig inside the Taiwanese parliament to protest against the Taiwanese government's decision to allow the export of pork from the United States to this is Ri.
Another great need of man is fire.
There will also be a Waikru competition along with the UMAI fight night from 26th to 30th June
He said the BJP believes in the Constitution of the country which gives equality to all the citizens without any discrimination or ethnic discrimination.
“If the Government wants to relocate us, it should accept the demands of the HPC,” he said.
The residents of Mawlai Mawtawar village, believe that this stone is a witness and a protector against any foreign forces who want to attack the village, from evil, from At the same time, the village also regards this stone as a ryngkew u basa which covers the whole village.
Training is underway to train the dogs to recognize people with the disease or the location of the patients, the Washington Post reported.
When asked, Pala praised the opposition leader Dr Mukul Sangma for his initiative for the mid-term elections in Rajabala. “The election in Rajabala, what support we get from Rajabala is the hard work of Dr Mukul Sangma,” he said.
According to the residents of the area, the collapse of the road happened at Mawksir River. The collapse of the road in this area has caused dozens of villages to pass through. this road in the midst of trouble.
The tournament was held at the DC's Basketball Court where Bah Damang Syngkon was the chief guest to open the tournament.
On the Wah Umïong there is a small bridge which still stands today.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that when the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, comes back to work, he will discuss the arrangements to meet with the government. on the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state.
“The arrest of Stanlywiss is based on the investigation of the police department,” said Paul Lyngdoh. He said that all the facts will be revealed later on the fine of T. crore for the land at Mawpalai.
After failing to score until the end of the first half, Umpling's goalkeeper Sildah Rynjah scored the first goal after Irilang Khongsit scored the first goal of the match. separated the score in the 52nd minute of the second half for Lawei.
In another incident, members of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) recently surrendered to the police at Dainadubi Out Post.
On the other hand, the village authorities of Tyrso village have strongly condemned the incident and will lodge a complaint against those who try to disrupt the peace and order in the area.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Chief Minister said that at the Cabinet meeting, a decision was taken to build a Medical Hunar Hub at Babadham, West Garo Hills District.
Nongstoiñ, July 26: The Azadi program of the Amrit Mahotsav National Campaign on Tuesday 21st July 2022 at its office in Nongshillong.
The Chief Minister expressed his gratitude to the Catholic Church in his speech at the Golden Jubilee Celebration of the Tura Diocese this morning among thousands of faithful.
Afterwards, a speech was delivered by Samla Heavenes Star Mawkon who is also the National Youth Corp of Pynursla Block who explained about what NYKS is and what it does in relation to the youth in the country.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has recently promised to set up a police outpost at Barato village in Meghalaya. the people of Assam.
The box was built using a technique he got through the internet and along with his knowledge of how to make electricity besides his knowledge in connecting or providing electricity to maintain the temperature inside the box, he said. Form and wants to improve the process so that it becomes automatic.
It is to be recalled that after the inspection of the Laskein Block, Laskein Village was selected as the location for the Block Office.
On these two market days, if they fall on Sunday, the market day will be postponed to Pynsiñ in Khyllaw and Pyngkat in Muchai.
“We have sent many petitions to the Prime Minister but no response has been received from the Government,” said the Vice President of the Union, Kong Elbina Nongkhlaw. .
Fedrick Kharkongor also visited the Vocational Training Centre, Kasturba, which was established on 3rd July 1957, which is an old training center and is still in operation. The Head of Government has promised to provide special assistance to the center to develop this training programme.
“He said that as of now, the UDP will continue to be the party that will have to snoh even in this election.
Sanbor said Kong Finela is the best candidate to contest the election from the BJP because she is a well known person and a well educated person and the BJP is a well known candidate. Thank you for your support, Kong Fenella.
This incident has angered the residents of Umsyiem, who had tried to block the road for these trucks carrying stone, which has disrupted the traffic in these days, but it is understood that the Sordar , has personally spoken to the SDO of the National Highway Department, where the officer of the department, has promised, to convene an urgent meeting of the trucks carrying stone, in order to resolve this issue. The residents of these trucks have been blocked by these trucks for many months.
Imphal, Naitung 12: The ILP protests in Manipur have intensified with the passing of the days. Many people have been injured in protests across the state on Tuesday. The Additional Superintendent of Police of Imphal West district was also seriously injured.
Justine Dkhar, former MLA of the area, urged the Kur Dkhar to put love, unity, closeness and mutual assistance at the forefront of any area that needs to develop. where.
Shillong, July 23: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today presented a budget of T.104,38,26,090 crore. seven thousand ninety thousand tyngka) and this budget of KHADC is higher than the budget of T.104, 37,80,200 crore (one hundred and four crore forty nine lakh fifty thousand two hundred tyngka). The expenditure exceeded the production by T.45,890 tyngka (forty-five thousand five hundred and ninety tyngka).
The police should take action against this because if they don't do anything, there will be many incidents that can happen especially in this age of drug trafficking. himself because he was shot under the influence of drugs or alcohol.
JSM Working President Jimmy Raul Kharmuti said that the demand for the right to employment in the state according to the changing times and the increasing number of Garo, Khasi and Jaintia people does not mean against the government or ethnic discrimination.
Group A (South Zone Qualifiers) vs Meghalaya.
Finally, in a statement, the FKJGP called on the people to support and encourage the struggle for the sake of the jaitbynriew before it is too late.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah E Lyngdoh congratulated the Department for organizing this exhibition which is a platform to showcase the talents of the villagers and the opportunities. to show the participants together.
The central theme of this synod service is “Stand Firm and Courageous”.
Nongstoiñ: U Bah Principal Kharlyngdoh, 75 years old, also known as Maduh, is one of the oldest people in Nongstoiñ market. I used to go and sell newspapers around the Nongstoiñ market.
This election result has raised a question from many churches? Is it the impact on the income of the residents or is it that the candidates have started to reduce expenditure?
When asked whether this is due to the inability of the electricity department, the MD of MeECL said it is easy to blame but it should also be understood that Meghalaya has only one dam (Umiam) which produces electricity. However, during the dry season like June, this dam also lacks electricity generation due to lack of water.
“In fact, we don't know whether they will build the park, it was the village authorities who informed me and they also informed me that it was the Golf Club which sent the proposal to the Government which also approved the scheme. to the Park.
“We have ordered the SDPO and OC to investigate the case.
According to DP Wahlang, IAS, the Meghalaya government will provide financial assistance only to those day laborers who are unable to go to work due to the lockdown.
U Bah Shanlang also urged the voters that when they go to cast their votes on the 27th, they should think for the rich, for the youth and also for the youth. “The old road will come back to the same road,” said Bah Shanlang. “The old road will lead back to the old road. and I will bring forth a new kingdom.
KB Thapa's lawyer MF Qureshi expressed his satisfaction with the decision of the High Court and said that justice still stands.
Robert said the CoHSO is also preparing to hold a surprise strike next month if the government does not listen to their demands.
This can be shared among the 8 states in the North East,” said Bah Vincent in a letter to the Minister of DoNER. a training center of equal rank in the country and which can produce many passers from the North East and is located in the same region.
Block-I has been recognized as one of the 12 border dispute areas and will also be one of the six areas designated for border dispute by Meghalaya and Assam in the Besides Block-I and Block II, the other three border dispute areas which are more difficult to resolve in Phase II include Langpih, Borduar, Nongwah-Mawtamur. , Block II and Block-Khanduli.
“Now we live in an age of money, wealth and this has destroyed humanity.
On the new MDC in GHADC, Sangma said the government will follow the law on this matter.
of Meghalaya, Transport Department has issued an order on the rules and regulations of commercial vehicles.
The order dated 27 June 2022 was filed under Section 144 CrPC against the Meghalaya High Court on PIL No.10/2 The Pung Umiam has lodged a complaint against the Government of Meghalaya.
The Economic Offense Unit (EOU) of Bihar Police has registered a case against the suspect.
A short meeting was conducted by Ram Sumer, one of the members of the group and speeches were delivered by Riquoma Rq.Laloo, who said that the group will continue to work together. 3 years old on 25.12.2023, so as a celebration of this three years anniversary of the organization, the members of the organization, want to celebrate by helping other brothers and sisters so they have organized this blood donation .
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad expressed his happiness to have this opportunity to join hands with the school, which has been a blessing to the students.
The purpose of this special meeting was also to clarify to the people about the rumors that have spread around that I will not contest from South Tura but from North Tura but I have assured them that I will contest against the Prime Minister. from South Tura,” said John.
He said the PDF has decided to support the MDA-2 Government at the request of the Chief Minister.
It is understood that the UDP may withdraw from the ARPA if the HSPDP does not agree to replace Bah Ardent as leader, and has vowed to support outside.
Rakkam said this while referring to a letter issued by the Director of School Education and Literacy, Swapnil Tembe on 8th November 2023, which sought clarification from the Principal of Government Girls' Higher Secondary School, Jowai. The election song of the political party on the occasion of Teachers' Day in schools.
It may be recalled that the blue turning of the Lukha River and the death of fish in the river first occurred in February 2007 and since then the turning of the color of the river and the death of fish has continued. yet.
This FLN Classroom will provide better and more complete training to establish their skills so that they can have a strong foundation so that they can become perfect stars one day.
In a speech, which was not translated into Khasi by the Press Information Bureau (PIB), the President of the country, said that the 26th of July is a very important day. In 1929, it was decided to demand independence from the British and exactly 20 years later, this demand was fulfilled, with the adoption of the Constitution of India.
These factories are not owned by the state but the factories are owned by the state.
There is no point in talking about the roster system because the party and the people want to review the reservation policy,” said VPP Leader Ricky Syngkon.
However, the most shocking is the smuggling of rnga for transportation to the copper factories in this district and to supply rnga to hundreds of copper factories in Byrnihat Ribhoi District.
IMPORTANT TO KNOW After the gathering of Jesus Christ to that feast in heaven, there will be many called Christians who will be left behind.
The construction of new bill lights has started in several villages including Umsatai, Ladwahwapung, Pynurkba, Umlyngsha and Ladlakadong.
He accused them of causing trouble in the rule of law.
The inquiry will be led by Bah Walter Roy Lyngdoh, Secretary, Ministry of Education.
The Church referred to Article 25 of the Constitution which gives all religious groups the right to conduct their own affairs.
With the first entry into the Meghalaya Games 2022, many tied golfers have taken part.
These words are very precious to look back on once again especially in this age when mankind is struggling to get knowledge, to accumulate wealth, to spend time in charity or medicine and to live that modern life, in which society has little to discuss or build on these things as it used to be in ancient times.
Furthermore, if we count the towers of the companies which have been cut off electricity and the towers which have not yet been cut off, there are
“Anyway, in November we will be able to announce the prime ministerial candidate,” said BJP Meghalaya President Ernest Mawrie.
“If we unite as a nation, the Indian government will have to listen to our demands,” he said.
He said that NHAI from 29th July 2023 has awarded M/s SL Infra, which has taken the contract to implement the maintenance work of the road from Sonapur (km 141+500) to Ratacherra (171.455 km) and M/s MR Construction, which will work from Jowai (69.200 km) to Sonapur (141.500 km) and NHAI is currently considering and awaiting approval on the proposal to build the road. The NHAI office together with the contactors of the Highway Project are trying their best to improve the road from Jowai to Ratacherra (102.255 kilometers). He also promised to make the NH-6 from Jowai to Ratacherra a good and safe road for traffic.
Those who have been vaccinated against covid-19 and those who have completed both vaccinations are 1,8
Shillong, Nailar 11: The body of a 12-year-old girl was found in a river on Saturday morning.
He said that these seven candidates will be considered by the Election Committee of the VPP when the time comes to invite those who wish to apply for tickets.
Shillong, November 12: AICC Meghalaya Chief V Narayaswamy will meet Congress supporters at Mairang in West Khasi Hills on 15th November. District Convention on that day.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, in recent days, said that the investigation is ongoing to understand whether it is possible to extend the railway line to East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: The Baby League tournament for boys was held in Tura on Saturday.
, Satara, Bombay Presidency.
Shillong: The NEHU Inter College Football (Men) Tournament 2018 started today at the NEHU Permanent Campus, Shillong. North Eastern Hill University.
They are the same people who are not good bluffs for the police and the government.
“Dr Mozika, Deputy Solicitor General of India, who is in court, has been requested to take a letter on behalf of the Central Government and to inform this court that this incident happened and to send immediately. The court has ordered the Central Reserve Police Force to take full responsibility for the illegal mining of coal, including the smuggling of coal,” the court said.
When they searched the vehicle, they found the drugs and arrested the four persons. During the investigation, they said that they were coming from Shillong to Mizoram.
“I have lost one of the youngest priests, two sisters and other Catholics,” said Archbishop Cornelius of the Diocese of Bhopal, which has more than 15,000 Catholics.
of Meghalaya).
Four trucks were seized including a truck (AS-01CC-6379, AS-11DC-4584, NL-01AD-2764 and AS-11CC-9686) which were parked at a petrol pump in Mynkre. Petrol Pump Another truck (ML-05T-3595) was loading coal at Rymbai Road in East Jaintia Hills.
Last month, there was a statement and decision from several border villages that they will not be able to take part in the Assembly Election next year. 2023 and they also want the PWD (Roads) department to start implementing it in 2022 otherwise they will not be able to participate in the 2023 election.
During the meeting, the union met with the Branch Managers of banks, including HDFC Bank, ICICI and SBI Mawkyrwat Branch. After discussions with the Managers, they promised to resolve these problems as soon as possible.
"“The CBI team asked about 56 questions regarding the operation in the Excise Department, including when and why the operation was started," he added.
On the other hand, tourists also praise the uniqueness of this building that China has built since ancient times.
Masharing said the party has done this to curb the presence of drug traffickers after a photographer of T7 News channel was tied by robbers in Khanapara. .
The State Government has set up 18 relief camps in Singtam, Rangpo, Dikchu and Adarsh ​​Gaon, which have been severely affected by the floods.
The Word of God clearly says that the last days will be difficult times because people will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boasters, proud, evildoers, disobedient to parents, unthankful. unclean, unrighteous, unforgiving, slanderers, wicked, thieves, lovers of good, betrayers, lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God. Timothy 3:1-4
Ardent also congratulated Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon on his victory.
On the part of the Principal of the school, Kong Shullai, she expressed her gratitude to the Prime Minister for taking the time to join in the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the school.
They can say, just for the sake of winning in the North East states that we should not ban the consumption of beef, as we have done in almost all the states of the country.
Mukhla Raij SC beat Khimusniang 2-0 in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday.
Shillong: An earthquake measuring 5.3 on the Richter scale struck parts of Assam and Meghalaya at 6.15 pm on Monday.
During the meeting, which lasted about half an hour, he said that Bah Lapang had threatened him but as he did not work anymore, he said that Bah Lapang had accepted his resignation.
The Union Minister has visited the state to inspect the schemes of the Union Government for two days.
Thus God says – “And surely the blood of your lives will I require; from the hand of every beast will I require it, and from the hand of man, and from the hand of man will I require it.
On the closing day of the Platinum Jubilee, the children received their first Communion at the Holy Mass in the presence of many priests, religious leaders and many faithful.
The school leaders expressed their gratitude to the leaders of this organization and the owner of the company of Campa Mineral Water and wished them a healthy body and ability to do more. for good deeds to the society of the Khasi people.
Apandanka scored 3/43 in 13 overs, but it was Thakuria's day, who scored 6/23 in 11.2 overs. 40 overs and scored 116 runs.
The amount of money that the government will give to the members of these rebel groups will amount to crores of rupees and the money will be received from the central government.
Speaking to media, the Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, said that four people have died of Covid-19 today including three men and one you're long-term.
The arrested persons include Nikil Sarkar (30) of Muktapur, Victoria Shylla (34) of Mootyrshiah, Dapynbiang Sten. 26 years old from Kyrwen, Riwadakaru Dan 22 years old from Ladthadlaboh, Kristina Lyngdoh 18 years old from Sohkynphor (EJH), Sanwaki Dkhar 28 years old from Khliehingriang, Lemi 2 years old from Ryngkhlem Elison Dkhar, 24, Emryngkatmitre, 20, of Demthring and Prosperity Talang, 22, of Demthring are among those arrested on Saturday and Sunday.
He said that the office of SDO Pynursla has set a goal to promote tourism in the area and also to encourage the youth of the area to come forward to set up tourism in the area. region.
In order to further strengthen services to women and children in Assam, the opening of 3000 Model Anganwadi Centers today is a commendable achievement.
“Besides, he said that he too had to agree when the majority of the people asked him to fight.
JOWAI: U Vincent H Pala MP Shillong Constituency on Tuesday said, “Don't be too quick to believe and celebrate the approval of the Union Cabinet to amend the Sixth Schedule and to strengthen the powers of the councils in the North East”.
The Oscars were held at the Dolby Theater in Los Angeles and were attended by many Hollywood stars.
People often ask their friends how much money you get from the candidate.
However, in this Dorbar Mang Tyngka, there are events which are for the first time, as the Governor of the State, Phagu Chauhan will deliver a speech for the first time.
