In the past four days, he said that only three of his buses have been operating in Munnar, which is the time when the income of buses increases significantly during this month.
We have to speak, because who has ordered the coal trucks not to run in the morning in Nongstoiñ, while the people of Nongmaweit are not affected at all.
Surprisingly, this year, although the government has not implemented the closure of the dam, no commemoration has been held.
“The Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) will have to set up a DLC to send projects to the SLC and these should be sent to the Central Government,” he said. except for the MLAs of the constituency and the MP but should consult with them when preparing the project.
The discussion on Aadhaar number and human rights was organized by the Meghalaya People's Committee on Aadhaar with the support of Samaritan Action for Social Transformation (SAST & CASA).
On this occasion, the Chief Guest, P Bakshi.
The office of the Commissioner is located in Guwahati, Shillong and all the Eastern States.
According to the approval of the Meghalaya Urban Development Development (MUDA) and the Shillong Traffic Police, in order to remove the traffic jams and blocks in Shillong, this is as a public notice that commercial buses ( STPs or private buses) will not be allowed to pass through these areas from 23rd November 2023, according to the order of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
Jowai, June 14: A man named Early-in-Dawn Langstang of Pam-manik village has died after being hit by a Maruti Car at 1:00am this morning. (Ml04B-4389) collided with another Maruti Alto (ML04C-3913) coming from the wrong side.
"Earlier, the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh had also held a meeting with the officers of the department together with the farmers to discuss the issue of fertilizers which the farmers from time to time ud that it has affected the production of agricultural products.
Manish set the example by taking 45 wickets from the start of the tournament, while Abhishek finished with 40 wickets.
There are 2 high risk cases in East Garo Hills and 2 cases in North Garo Hills.
However, it is sad that in these days many forests have begun to be destroyed through the immoral activities of us human beings, through the quarrying of stones, the felling of trees and shyiap. Trade to make money by destroying forests, without thinking for the future has become clear to future generations.
Therefore, the incident of these incidents of house robbery and the infiltration of Nepalis into Khasi areas has increased the fear of the residents of Langpih area that the ethnic conflict between Nepalis and Khasi may resurface. can also lead to tragic events.
The final match of the day was between Umsning Proper A and Brothers United U-16 Boys. In the middle of the fierce match from the first half to the second half, these teams scored 2 goals each which ended in the middle of the match in which the referees decided to hold Umsning Proper A beat Brothers United 4-2 in the tie breaker to win the title.
She said that the government has provided medicines in all the health centers and the people do not have to pay anything.
The Government of India has also introduced a special tax to promote agriculture in the country, which will charge T.2.5 per liter of petrol and T.4 per litre. from each liter of diesel; However, he said this will not affect the price of petrol and diesel and will not affect the buyers of petrol and diesel.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The residents of Ummulong including the Executive Members have written to the CEM of JHADC to revoke the order against the Rangbah Shnong of Ummulong who has been removed from his powers.
The following are the days of sale at these markets: The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Ïawmusiang has urged all the shopkeepers to go and buy their necessities at these places and if you find anyone who is against or selling They shall be punished according to the laws of the village.
Obama said he expected Congress to approve his plan to attack and added, "It's not just my feeling that Syria has gone beyond its borders. but it is true that the world has seen that Syria has crossed its border.
He shall carry children and grandchildren, shall teach them to trade women for wealth, to trade marijuana, kiad as mentioned in the book “Ka Thma Shongkhakhleh.
Jowai, July 22: The residents of Amlari village in Amlarem Development Block of West Jaintia Hills District; They received an explanation on the issue of money laundering and especially on the two new insurance policies of the central government during the Financial Literacy Campaign which was held in this village.
He said the NPP does not have time to explain any allegations against the government because its goal is to go to the election with the hope of getting the support of the people and winning a lot this time.
Speaking to media, Kyntiew Nongkynrih said that since last year, the group has approached the District Transport Officers (DTO) to apply for permits but until now the Transport Department or the DTO office has not responded. you haven't answered yet.
But it was at this school, the Ramakrishna Mission Cherrapoonjee, that I drew from the wells of thought of the great men of India and these gave me the foundation and shaped my entire life.
The letter was handed over to Dy CEM Lasky Rymbai under the leadership of KSU President Laitphar Synkrem and General Secretary KS Suchiang.
“Until now, we want to know how much it has punished the unregistered citizens, where are those authorities implemented by the government who punish those unregistered citizens,” he asked.
She said that the application process is difficult because even those who are not market vendors can apply.
Bell said that last month, a woman, who sells jhur khutia in Iewduh, came back, because until 11.30 pm, the jhur did not arrive, because of the traffic jam. ha road bah.
Before the opening ceremony, the party was honored by the elders, women and youth who joined the party, as a sign of remembrance of (L) Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh, the founder of the party. party, Bah KP Pangñiang together with the leaders and elders laid wreaths at the memorial erected in front of Mawkyllei College, which is a special monument by (L) maieit Hoping. establish.
The Executive Committee of the party, this evening, took its decision at an emergency meeting held in Nongpoh, where the party as a whole decided that this issue will continue as it should. They discussed from the beginning that the government should appoint the two Longkmie who have been dismissed from the government department in Byrnihat.
The Extension Community Hall was constructed under the SAG Scheme 2018-19 of the Government of Meghalaya at a cost of T.10,00,0
Bah B Kharbuli, one of the prah vendors in the market, said, “Even the small prahs have run out of stock.
The National Highway 6 and the Jowai Bypass have been left without maintenance for more than a year and large potholes have appeared and turned into water tanks.
The Khasi Jaidbynriew, although it is still a small nation in the world, has many intellectuals, intellectuals and intellectuals who can enrich the Jaidbynriew by playing a great role in it. it is to save the nation forever and ever.
On Tuesday, it was witnessed that the parents of the students came out to support the demands of the teachers.
Nongpoh: One person was killed and injured in another landslide in the parks from Chihbra to Nagrabil, villages in the southern part of the country. There are villages in the Umtyrnga area on the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
SK Rani, Vice President of the HNYF Central Body, said that after receiving permission, they went to Langpih village to hold a meeting to discuss the problems faced by the people from the border. Former Raid Mynsaw Sordar Hindro Samakha has been arrested.
After the breakdown of the friendship, Nishanta did not have any other friends who could stay in the game, but among them, Nishanta was responsible for the loss of one of the batsmen.
Thus, the erstwhile Khasi State was recognized and confirmed as the “Raid Mynsaw Hima” and its office will be located at Langpih, West Khasi Hills.
The player has improved his tally to 524 runs at an average of 32.75 in T20Is.
On this occasion, a keynote address was also delivered on the book, “The History of Sngap Sing Syiem”, by Dr. Belinda Marweiñ, the author. only to Syiem Tirot Singh of the Nongkhlaw Hima in Khasiland and to the Chief of Jaintia Hills.
He died on November 18,
The Working President of the National People's Party (NPP), Marcuise N. Marak, who is also one of the Ministers of the Meghalaya Government, on Tuesday said that the Lok Sabha Member from Tura, Agatha K. Sangma, will continue to contest. “We have confirmed that Agatha K. Sangma will contest from Tura Parliamentary Constituency, but the final decision will be taken by the State Election Committee,” said Marcuise N. Marak. to the newspaper editors.
Speaking to media, the General Secretary of CCORMAU, Bah Arju Dkhar, said that so far there are five to six retired employees of MeECL who have died, but so far they have not yet received their wages.
The program was attended by Ma Octomewot Lamin Nominated MDC JHADC, Fr.Hilarious Lamare, Parish Priest Jowai Parish, Dr.P Shylla, Senior Medical Officer in-charge Blood Bank Jowai, Dr.D Shylla, District Medical Officer East. Jaintia Hills, Bah Phillip PB Marwein, Founder Member of Aijingim Foundation, Waheh Shnong of Mihmyntdu Ma Abul Phawa, Samla Emmanuel Sumer, Chairman of Mihmyntdu Presbyterian Youth Assembly, Leaders of Mihmyntdu Catholic Church and others.
“We will meet again after receiving a letter from the government,” said Bah Dkhar.
Therefore, it would be better for the Government of India to issue an order to suspend such inspections or searches and investigations and to move all railway projects from Rilum Khasi Jaintia to other parts of the state or the country and to provide to those who wish to accept and need railways.
There are 630 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 354 cases in East Khasi Hills including 23 Armed Forces personnel and 331 civilians in West Khasi Hills District. 9 cases, 4 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 29 cases in Ri Bhoi, 22 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 5 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 152 cases in West Garo Hills. There are 16 cases in South West Garo Hills, 2 cases in South Garo Hills, 29 cases in East Garo Hills and 148 cases in North Garo Hills. there are 8 people.
Their death is a great loss to the people of the state.
The death toll has risen to 125 including one death. The deceased was identified as Bilenson CH Momin, 80 years old. He is 18 years old and lives in Langkyrding, Nongmynsong.
He said the KSU has urged the government to set up a permanent Police Outpost in the area.
But Cain and Abel.
Tbn.P.S.Mawlieh gave a prayer and blessing for the food.
He said that in the social agreement between the ANVC and the Government of India together with the Government of Meghalaya, it was made clear that there is a need for Dorbar Shnongs, which are elected by the people and therefore, it should run in the same in Khasi and Jaintia Hills District Councils; However, it was said that in the case of the VAB, this was not included.
The meeting was also attended by Joint Secretary, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India, Dr.K.Madan Gopal, Head of the National Health Systems Resource Centre, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. the Central Government along with other officers and dignitaries.
“If there are any public figures who are not recognized or have not yet received any decision on the case, the court shall erect a sign board steel with the bar code & case number on it. you are not a good place"
When asked about the government's intention to evict these people from the area, Sirsa said, “The government has not called for talks or expressed its proposal to these people. Stay in this place, if there is such a proposal, they should call them, talk to them and take a decision to agree and not to decide by force.
He said that after the flag raising ceremony, there will be a special program at the Polo Ground from 9 pm where there will be a parade of school children, soldiers and police.
This is from the Performance, Infrastructure and Equity Index 2020-21 from primary to secondary.
Besides, the Bills passed by the ADC will have to go to the desk of the Minister of District Council Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh and the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma before being submitted to the Governor for approval.
Nagaland batted first and scored 192 runs in 57 overs.
In the past two weeks alone, 6.7 cases of rape have been reported by the union.
On October 10, 2021, officers of the Inspectorate of Electricity received a tip that two children identified as Ardaban Papeng, 10 years old and Pynskhem Papeng, 1 year old, were arrested. They died of electric shock.
Count duh count the end of your life,To free the country;.
Before the awarding ceremony, a meeting was held and short speeches were delivered by DSO West Jaintia Hills District Khroobok Passah and Patrick Lamare Vice President WJDSA in the presence of WJDSA office bearers and teachers. from different schools.
“These TMC leaders in this state are the same leaders who ruled Meghalaya for five years before
Shillong, November 07: Ka Sur Ka Bri U Hynniewtrep on Tuesday met with the Secretary to the Home Ministry, Bah CVD Diengdoh to follow up on the complaint lodged by them. against the police who shot dead Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew on 13th July 2021 and also to follow up on the measures taken by the government against the police involved in the shooting death of Bah Che according to the findings of the Judicial Inquiry appointed by the government.
The PDF leader did not say whether there are any candidates for the MP election from the party but said it will be clear on Tuesday whether it will nominate a candidate or not.
For this reason, many Dorbar Shnongs have opposed this signboard and have requested the Government of India to look into such places so that the signboard will be erected near the Zero Line.
On the 10th of January, they hold a khana ceremony whether it is a household, a church or a village.
This shows that the government intends to do what it wants without listening to the opposition.
Shillong: Police in West Khasi Hills, have arrested the owner of a coal mine at Goreng, Urak district in Riangdim, which collapsed on Tuesday, killing a man. died and another was injured.
Even the staff of MIMT are cheating on our students,” said the student who admitted that he was expelled only because he helped a student. The residence was shared by men and women and the exit and entrance were from the same door but only the floor was different.
It is not clear whether Hiphei will contest on the BJP ticket or from another political party in the upcoming elections in Mizoram.
On the other hand, Samla Donal V Thabah said that if those from Punjab come to work, why don't they take them back to their place of origin because those who live here are only smugglers.
in, which collects data on the daily attendance of employees, said that out of the 1,29,895 employees who have registered on the website, only 62,761 have reached their jobs. day.
JNC Western Zone Office Bearers:
I don't remember, for what reason, I used to have the opportunity to visit the village, when Bah Ganold, used to visit our village and we used to sit in his jeep (behind), where he used to drive himself. , on a very busy road at that time.
Those who knew about the crimes of the Rangbah Shnong and his family who were involved in the seizure of power, strongly condemned and criticized Bah Let.
Shillong: The Government today allowed commercial and private vehicles to travel across the state, including in Shillong, but these vehicles will have to travel only 50% of the time per day. Odd number vehicles and even number vehicles will pass every day.
The case was heard on a complaint by BJP MLA Purnesh Modi against Rahul Gandhi's remarks on his caste by saying, “How can all the thieves have the same caste, the Modi caste? ".
Shillong, June 20: The BJP leaders have removed Gagan Jain as Vice President of the party and David Kharsati as General Secretary of the party. Senior BJP leaders in Meghalaya have been arrested.
Shillong, June 16 : The Under-10 (Boys) Football League 2023 organized by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) will continue on Saturday. Twelve teams were able to play.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 78015 out of which 74750 have recovered and 1352 have died.
Matthew 24:15 / Daniel 9:27.
At the same time, the PDF has appointed Bah Ivanlumlang to the smaller post of Chairman which was held by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem before he left the PDF. He said that yesterday's meeting of the party was the longest in the party's history as it lasted from 5:30 pm to 10 pm.
Noting that the Shillong Ropeway Project will be one of the largest ropeway projects in the North East, Bah Paul said, “We expect that the number of tourists to visit the State will increase. and tourism will be one of the largest employment opportunities for the people of the State”.
The government has allocated Rs 496 crore for the 22 KM Tetelia-Byrnihat railway line but due to the opposition of the civil society groups and the people, the construction of the railway line has been postponed until now. .
It is true that Bah Don was previously appointed by the UDP but now that he has passed away, the post has become vacant and it is not for any party within the MDA to replace it, it has to contest the Assembly elections.
Speaking to media, the President of GGMF, Bah William Kliff Khongsit, said that it is after the citizens of the state who have the responsibility for the safety of the environment that they started This group will be in
The families of the two youths who went missing since the 20th of this month have not received any news about them although the search continues till today.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday said that until now, the people know that there is only one university in Mawlai, the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU). The Hewlett Parkcard Center of Excellence, which was established in 2008 and has been recognized by the government.
In the past, the visit to the Riwar area, especially during the rainy season, was a real pleasure and refreshment for the eyes if you turn to the right or left while walking on the road because of the sound of the rivers and that valley; but now they have all been replaced by the presence of puh shilum and stones that make the eyes sick and the body difficult to see.
When the Truck Owners Association led by Abdul Kalam Hussain was called, it was learned that he also spoke in his native Assamese language. meeting once again has to be translated into English.
What is more shocking is that during the traffic jam, even the passing ambulances find it difficult to get inside.
“The total allocation for the state is T.483.89 crore and the state has received only T.170.22 crore from the central government,” he said.
They said that the Assembly as a whole supports the Hospital and the members of the Church are taking part in the healing mission of Dr Roberts.
After the performance and explanations by the students, there was also the distribution of certificates for the Seniors 15 years and above. Nelson Cooper Marbaniang from Little Star Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat was elected as the winner. He said that he had brought about the traditional use and medical value of Sohphie in Mawkyrwat.
In rural areas, the main problem they face is the lack of toilets while in urban areas, the problem is the disposal of garbage.
We have 90 members, but if we can spend all this in the health sector, what is the honorarium that the government spends for unproductive posts held as chairman/committee members in many departments/corporations? etc. The time does not require such expenditure by the government.
The total number of cases has risen to 7,529, the health ministry said.
When asked how many seats the NPP expects to win in 2018, he said, “That's why I told you that we have to see because we have the hope of getting Magic Number 31, if so. I will rule alone," he said.
The proposal to hold the Municipal Elections or Community Participation Act 2010 will open the door for foreigners not to hold the post of governor.
The Independence Parade at MCCL is one of the most popular events in the country.
There were many discussions on that day, which the newly formed group will take up in the coming days.
In my speech, as a person with disabilities, I expressed my gratitude and appreciation for the initiative taken by SACYM. I have also tried to advise SACYM on how they can work with people like us.
Kor Sympli, father of Khliehriat MLA and Minister of State, was the chief guest.
Lata was admitted to Mumbai's Breach Candy Hospital on July 8, 2022, after testing positive for the corona virus.
It would also be more appropriate if the regional head of NHAI in the North East would personally visit this road and pass through from Jowai to Ratacherra. a report on the condition of the road and on the measures to be taken immediately.
The conversation with sir also told me that I will introduce this song into Bollywood, and I didn't think because at first my thought was only to sing as an album.
He said that in fact, Bah Julius, who is now with the government, should have spoken on these issues. they have now withdrawn.
However, after the tests and scanning were complete, she was able to understand the risk and immediately went to see a doctor at Ganesh Das Hospital to get a second decision. (second opinion).
The residents of the village have expressed their regret that they have not received the scheme which the central government has allocated specifically for the rural people.
Prestone is the Minister of PHE while Sniawbhalang is the Minister of Electricity and others.
In fact, intelligent people are more understanding and intelligent than others, but as they become more intelligent, there are many cases where people become proud and stupid and end up wanting to force themselves to be better than others. .
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang will allow the opening of shops once a day, according to the government order so that all the shopkeepers can participate in the income generation during this time of COVID-1
On the day of our death only the soul will go with us to the grave.
“We have also received a complaint lodged by the STPS Bus Drivers Association at Sadar Police Station,” said the SP. took a step towards stern action against troublemakers.
In the second half, Maitshaphrang Girls FC also tried many chances to score but due to the skill of Nonglang SC, they couldn't. thep wat tang shi goal spirit.
Shitlang Pale, resident of Jalaphet village, East Jaintia Hills District, has been involved in politics since 1998 as a candidate from the Congress party. In 2003, he contested the election again in 2003 and won the election. In 2008, he won again from the party congress. Shitlang Pale, who was defeated by the NPP candidate in the 2013 MLA election, has contested again in the 2018 MLA election. He has contested again from the United Democratic Party (UDP).
Their later life was very difficult.
The SSA scheme has been implemented in collaboration with the State Governments so that it can be implemented in all the States of the country and can fully meet the needs of education in the country.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 06: Four UDP candidates from Ri-Bhoi District, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, candidate of UDP Nongpoh, Bah Badhok Nongmalieh, have been elected to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District. Jirang candidate Baiahunlang Makdoh Mawhati candidate and Umsning candidate Bah Sunshine Makri candidate from Umsning, went to file their nomination papers today before the Returning Officers. temporarily on both sides of the National Highway in Nongpoh due to the influx of vehicles carrying UDP flags from two wheelers.
However, while they were driving up and down, suddenly the vehicle escaped from their hands and they were caught by a crowd who suspected that they were driving in the village.
He said that you should not be afraid of the places where there is no dispute.
As mentioned from the beginning, the UCC is the main issue that the BJP has not been able to fulfill as they have put in their manifesto.
Nongkhlaw or Khadsawphra, Khyrim or Nongkrem, Jaintia or Sutnga are the only names of the Himas within the land of Hynniewtrep Talawiar and Sohpetbneng.
Most of the dead were reportedly in a bookstore.
When everyone takes their part, there is nothing we cannot do.
It is the duty of the police and he should not just listen and become a fugitive like them.
The children of thousands, strongly condemn Bah HS Shylla CEM KHADC who has threatened to forcibly take over the Majai which falls under the jurisdiction and control of the Hima Sohra and accepted that this is a threat. the customs and traditions of the CEM of the Hima Sohra.
Shillong: The BJP has nominated a candidate from Shillong and Tura constituencies. This is a difficult question to answer and the BJP leaders in Shillong have not dared to say anything yet.
The crowding of candidates from the nomination day to the hearing day has been terrible to watch as the congestion of the roads has caused a lot of suffering to the commuters.
Like these methods of counting and using wildlife, insects and ksiah have their own parts according to the structure of the word made in the synropktien which carries different meanings.
“Some of the members of the Executive Committee have phoned me and asked what should we do because there is an order from the High Command? Have you come to serve the people with the spirit of listening to the orders of anyone?” He added, “I still think that that raibi, which has been happening for decades is the politics of I believe that the new CEM will receive training because he is a close friend and I used to say Don't trust anyone, for he who doesn't give you the fish will turn away from you.
SACMDA President B Sutnga and SACMDA Secretary MA B Sutnga in a statement said, “The Association sends its condolences to the wife and children of the Daloi of Sutnga District (L) Erudithson Sutnga and they hope that God's holy spirit will comfort you and strengthen you.
This is the first time for him and we don't know whether the people from different villages of the constituency have known him well and whether he has received love from them.
He said that after the residents saw the sudden fall of the stone from the top of the hill and fell on the roof of the house, the residents shouted and were shocked that some of them were injured and 3 Three people inside the house were not injured and escaped from the danger of death.
WA Sangma and BB Lyngdoh have expelled Hoppingstone Lyngdoh from the party because he refused to accept the border state.
But perhaps these will be more useful to discuss again after the election, when we have those leaders and rulers.
However, it was informed that due to the recent decision of the Supreme Court which recognized the ownership of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people, the Government of Meghalaya should amend these laws which prohibit the people from opening factories. At present, the entire East Khasi Hills Sawmill recognized by law is only in Umiam Industrial Estate, while the entire West Khasi Hills recognized only as an Industrial Estate in Nongstoin.
Shillong, July 30: The North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS) has reached another milestone in the field of cardiac surgery by performing autologous right atrial surgery. Neo pulmonary valve construction surgery for someone with pulmonary valve stenosis.
They also said that it confirms the fact that the MLAs or the government work only before the elections and their work should not bring about development in the state, but their work should long only to win elections.
Speaking to media, Bah Paul said that the department will now set up a search committee for the appointment of the new chairperson of the MSCW. elect people from politics only, that’s the point you’ve always held so now the idea of ​​government is to appoint someone who is not political, who can work, who understands them mat of women.
When asked whether it is not harmful to hold curfew protests, he said it is harmful, but it was done for the benefit of the people because in the past when they fought for their own state, “There have been protests and it has been disruptive, but when it is restored, it is a benefit,” he said.
The Minister of Tourism, Sniawbhalang Dhar in his speech said that the construction of the Hospitality Complex will help in creating employment opportunities for the youth and at the same time will help to boost the tourism industry in the country. The District, the presence of such a facility will greatly assist the needs of the tourists.
If such a wildlife project is allowed, the residents of Narpuh area will be enslaved on their own land because they will have to go through many rules and regulations of the ESZ. The Joint Action Committee and the entire region are against this proposal and we will not give even an inch of land to the wildlife. .
Bah Khyriem was accompanied by a large crowd of supporters.
According to police sources, the OC of Lum Shnong, Malthius Sangma, received a tip from the police who were searching trucks near Lum Shnong under the leadership of Y.Syngkon at 2.20 pm. Two trucks with the same number plate were arrested near Lum Shnong Police Station.
The number of Scheduled Caste students enrolled in schools has increased to 4.82 crore in 2021-22 compared to 2.51 crore in 2021-22 from 2.49 crore in 2020-2
On the other hand, the Minister urged the residents of the state not to misunderstand this issue as the petrol dealers in the state are still short of petrol as it is now.
In Nongshken Constituency The names of this constituency are as follows:-1
She explained that people who use drugs are affected not only physically but also mentally.
At about 11 am, the group of dignitaries visited the site of the Maitri Bridge and the ICP at Sabroom.
However, after beating Manipur 1-0, Meghalaya drew 0-0 with Railways before beating Delhi 5-1 and West Bengal 2-0 -1 goal) to reach the second position with 10 points.
It is estimated that with this population, Muslims will be one of the largest religions by
This is the first phase of this project.
The woman said in a low voice:-What else do you want? In a low voice, I said:-I want you.
Severe pain in the throat and throat from smoking increases the risk of cancer of the throat, throat and esophagus.
The Ratacherra Church has donated this amount as part of its support to the government in the fight against COVID-1
She also praised the initiatives of the Ramakrishna Mission which organized this competition and urged parents to take care of the health of their children, especially those under 5 years of age. .
In an order issued after the hearing of the Public Interest Litigation, the court said that it is the most important part of the State Government and if only 250 to 300 roads will improve the road in Shillong. , you can't stop the traffic jam.
Shillong: Heavy rain and cold weather has hit Sohra area this afternoon and heavy cold weather has also hit Mairang area at the same time. is the arrival of snow, the first of 2021.
She said that the increase in the number of soh ki pai will also increase the number of ngap and this will increase the production of umngap as well.
Shillong, June 30: The AITC Meghalaya will raise its voice against all illegal activities until the State is free from the clutches of the NPP-led MDA Government. The Hima, Village and Sengbhalang have formed a Joint Action Committee (JACBOM) to fight against the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam. to fix the boundary of the seven places where the boundary is disputed in the first phase.
(b) The father pig must be (1) of good seed breed, (2) well grown according to age and (3) in good health.
For more information please call
Finally, he congratulated the two contestants and all those who came to participate.
However, there is nothing like that that prevents the minister from answering.
Sleep deprivation can also affect your work and social relationships.
The MLA of the area expressed his satisfaction to see that this road has changed the appearance of this village which has grown up because in the past years it was a bad road and which has caused many problems to the residents of this village. the area.
However, the hotels in Shillong have very few young people from the state.
After the District Youth Congress honored the new President of the DCC, the meeting continued for the renewal of all the office bearers, including the Presidents, Executive Committee members and The office bearers of all the five Block Congress Committees were also confirmed.
After 27th June, Rupang.com asked readers, the parties that will form the government on 5th October 2018 and there were 570 respondents and in their answers, they showed that the UDP and HSPDP, They are in the lead to form a government with 21% percent or 122 votes.
Mawmaram B received 96.49 percent, Kharangoi 96.45 percent and Nonglyngkien 96.38 percent.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong Football Club has announced the names of its players for the Hero I-League 2018-19 season, which will start on the 26th of this month.
According to a statement sent by the police, during the search, police recovered 2 grams of heroin, T.11,000 cash and a mobile phone.
This has made the Sengbhalang unwilling to accept Section 144 CrPC of the government.
Meanwhile, Balajiedkupar Synrem said that the 60 members have been invited to sit in the special session because of the CAA. We need to know who came home, and for this we need the ILP. that the CAA has laid the foundation for unity among the parties.
He said the Congress party has the main issues to bring about a fair and just governance, which thinks for the benefit of the people where the revenue will not escape from the government's budget to anyone. private person.
Bikash Singh top scored with 74 runs followed by Md Sultan Karim with 53 runs.
God aiu, who is like him who is perfect (“Adam was born.
Shillong, July 01: The National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 will be implemented in the state from the 2024-2025 academic year, said the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Friday. .
Jaïaw Pdeng won a cash prize of 10,000 tyngka and Sporting Spirit 5,000 tyngka.
He thanked Matti for extending this assistance to the poor.
No one should be forced or taken away the rights of anyone under the Constitution,” he said.
There is a role in the peace talks for us to discuss the IOA and we will announce it on that day when appropriate.
West Bengal actor Mithun Chakraborty today joined the BJP ahead of a rally to be held at the Brigade Parade Ground in Kolkata. .
Presenting the report of the Executive Committee in the House, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, said that the FTD was set up with the aim of bringing in the powers. former government and district council under one banner to build relationships in practice.
Other sources said that it is suspected that the theft of the questions started from the students of Seng Khasi Higher Secondary School, who sent friends via WhatsApp, from 7.30 pm.
The number of people being extorted by criminals has increased over time, and despite warnings from the police from time to time.
Other speakers on the occasion included Dr. WL Narry, Nodal Officer, DM&HP, Dr. KK Nongsiej, Principal Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat and Mrs. Aliscaia Swett, Deputy Registrar, Martin Luther Christian University, Shillong.
Shillong: The Cabinet meeting today approved 1,84,184 people to receive government assistance, which will be paid Rs. T.2100 and the money has been sent to the Bill Department for release.
It was in the beginning of 2018 that the story of Tiewlarun, “Apot”, was prepared in full.
We should give credit to the Americans for producing blue jeans.
Up to 37 athletes under the banner of the Meghalaya Athletics Association will represent the state in the 34th East Zone Athletics Championship.
Nongpoh: U Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati and Minister of State, in his speech at Mawrong, said that he has already allocated funds for the construction of the road from Umsning to Sonidan. He also worked on the road from Umsning to Mawrong.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The National Competition of Poets and Myllung of the country has started today in Shillong where the meeting was opened by the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri.
Applicants should apply on plain paper/Standard Form with complete Biodata along with attested copies of all testimonials indicating the following information in a structured manner:- (1) Post applied for (2) Name (IN BLOCK LETTERS) (3) Date of Birth (4) Permanent Address (5) Address of communication (IN BLOCK LETTERS) (6) Qualification in detail (7) Two Passport size photographs (One duly attested and the other unattested) (8) SC/ST Certificate (9) Contact No , Email address (10) Experience Certificate from relevant authority (11) Signature.
When he won, he was involved in various scientific discoveries.
Nishant Singh Hazari of Assam, Ontey Khamblai of Arunachal Pradesh, Pansy Rampanzeli of Mizoram and Chultem Palmu Bhutia of Sikkim won the silver medal.
It has been renamed “The Origin, The Essence, The Source”.
Therefore, before criticizing someone, we need to know the background and reasons why they do so.
There are many reasons why there is a delay in the appointment of teachers in these deficit schools.
“We are still waiting for the environment clearance, the public hearing which should be held within 45-60 days,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of State for Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the reason for the poor passing of students from government schools is that the students who leave are only those who do not get school to continue their education. Arkin said that instead of blaming the students, the Government should provide benches and classrooms because if only the benches and classrooms they have are poor, it is too late. “I don't know how my parents can send me to school like that,” said Arkin.
The Steering Committee of the Kur Dorbars has been appointed to discuss the issue among the Kur Office Bearers.
I just want to say, we shouldn't be afraid, God is with us, but let's follow exactly, let's unite, let's understand each other, because by working together, we can win, we can reduce to the impact of many churches, to the people who are suffering, to the people who have lost their loved ones"
It is on these grounds that the KHADC should understand and look far ahead and should have responsibility for the welfare and development of the people.
The meeting was conducted by Bah K.Shangoi Sordar Shnong Mynnimawbri with prayers. Speech was delivered by Bah K.Sohshang Secretary Shnong Mawshong. suffering or suffering.
On November 17, 2022, the Prime Minister inaugurated the Football Stadium along with the two Indoor Stadiums, and the inauguration was reported by many media outlets.
The counting of votes could not start on time due to the failure of the EVMs. Several polling stations have had to start late. to vote in Langja, Kyrdum and Langpih, due to the breakdown of the machines.
Other speakers on this occasion encouraged the youth to pursue education because without education it is very difficult especially in this age.
The United Nations on Tuesday said some 735 million people worldwide are at risk of starvation by 2022, the number affected by hunger in The world has begun to rise sharply since the outbreak of Covid-19 in the past three years and this has undermined the United Nations (UN) goal to end hunger and starvation in the world. year 2030.
The KSU in a statement said that it will continue to monitor this issue and if the government does not fulfill its duty, the KSU will take the necessary action.
They are residents of Langol, Imphal, West Manipur.
If they have been misused, they are no longer the same spirit to others.
“Phidalia has violated the Model Code of Conduct by participating in the election rally of the NPP candidate. Therefore, we request the ECI to take action against this violation and remove Phidalia from the election rally. and also to remove the candidacy of this NPP candidate,” said the Congress in the complaint.
The Provincial of Salesian Shillong Province, Rev. Fr. Paul Olphindro Lyngkot, said that there will be a special meeting of Catholic youth from the seven states of the North East to be held in Shillong.
In the second half, Lajong tried to improve their game but Sreenidi Deccan continued to play chess and created chances to score.
The arrested suspect was identified as Dawanbiang Langstang, 29, who is also the husband of the victim.
“Football in India started after they were older but now from an early age.
Speaking on the occasion, G.Kishan Reddy said that the launch of 5G applications in seven states of the North East is part of the vision of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to develop the Digital Economy of the country. country.
About 30% of the voters in Assam, but their names, their caste, the spelling does not match because they have been taken from people who do not belong to the same caste. “These people have now expressed that they do not want to be part of Assam,” said Chandame.
The Roster System cannot be canceled or suspended while the Reservation Policy is in force.
She also urged the youth to stand firm in their career as athletes by saying that if you want to improve in sports, hard work and dedication to reach the goal with discipline. honor is the most important thing.
The complaint alleges that the couple held an Anand Karaj ceremony on 15th November 2018 at a hotel they had bought at Lake Como in Italy and built a Gurudwara there. , temporary, for the event.
This is Lajong's fourth victory this year in the Super Cup.
The JSU has urged the government to listen to the voice of the people so that we can stop and break the chain of spread of COVID-1
In the past 40 years, it has increased from 100,000 to 150,000 cases per year.
Shillong, June 05 : The State Government on Thursday sent a team led by the Minister of State Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh to Imphal. to assist Meghalayans stranded in Manipur to return home due to the terrible violence and bloodshed between the Kuki and Meitei communities in the state.
The Dorbar Shnong Moolamylliang, East Jaintia Hills has been awarded the IconSWM-CE Excellence Award ' for cleanliness at the 13th International Conference on Sustainable Waste Management and IPLA Global Forum 2023,' which was held on the 29th of this month in Mumbai.
According to Bah Run, there were also people who used to enter the cremation through the guidance of the villagers.
Lionel Messi scored for Argentina in the 64th minute and Enzo Fernandez in the 87th minute.
So Moses and Aaron went straight to Pharaoh, threw down the rod before Pharaoh, and the rod became a snake. Pharaoh also called the magicians of Egypt to do as Aaron had done. and Aaron's rod smote the rods of the Egyptians.
Qatar's Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) along with neighboring countries such as Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Oman have increased the number of passengers to Doha, the hub of Qatar Airways.
It is reported that the husband was seriously injured and the wife was not injured.
The husband, who was married on November 28, 2022, has been married for six months, but at 6:30 pm on June 2, He came suddenly to attack her with a sword and kill her without mercy or without knowledge.
Gopal Rai, one of the party leaders, was appointed to oversee the recruitment.
“I am only an advocate for these teachers and I don't know until my advocacy works,” she said. that the Government should not delay this work as it is not good to see teachers who sit night and morning.
Four minutes later, Banteilang Lyngdoh took the ball into Nangkiew's box and passed it to Kitboklang who turned his right foot to score his second goal.
On the other hand, the JAC Sohiong strongly opposes this and requests the new EC to look into this matter.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The three ethnic parties including the KHNAM, HSPDP and UDP have stood firm in their election campaign to strongly oppose the election campaign. Uranium mining.
However, when the government is looking for land to build another landfill, none of the villages are willing to provide the land.
To remind you, the NHIDCL Company has constructed this 2 Lane Road for a distance of more than 3 kms and the FKJGP South West Khasi Hills District has met with the Deputy Commissioner South West. Khasi Hills District and on the other hand, the FKJGP on 4th November, 2023 has vowed to send a PIL if the company cannot implement the 2 lane road. of the PWD Department of the State Government on 30th November 2023 together with Government officials and MLA of the area Bah Pius Marweiñ. Prestone Tynsong has promised to re-employ the NHIDCL Company with 2 lanes to improve the road as it is small but this shows that the NHIDCL Company has not believed in what has happened. The cleaning of this road is very small and if you encounter heavy vehicles it is difficult even for small vehicles to pass through the streets and the fences of this road have been implemented. shait shait and without any sign to dig or improve this road.
“Once the construction is completed, we will go back to another phase of the project,” said Dhar.
Arden said the MDA Government's claim that Assam has agreed to hand over the land of Lum Jingtep to Meghalaya is thankful because the land belongs to Assam. Meghalaya and this has already been upheld by the court.
The Meteorological Department has warned that tomorrow, there will be heavy rainfall in parts of the state.
“You are welcome to stay here, but avoid owning the land,” said the HNLC. ours, refrain from showing force and fighting against us or provoking us, and if you cannot do so you will be in trouble, for the thief cannot be the master.
This has caused many of the spectators to complain and regret the price of tickets in Jaintia Hills because the majority of the spectators are farmers, cattle breeders, day labourers, or villagers. The poor are NOT OFFICERS, SHEPS, OR GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES and cannot afford to pay 200 300 tyngka to watch those cow shows.
These 18 villages are Jatalong, Sabuda, Madan Umwang, Umsarang, Umlaper, Laru, Central, Itpatung, Umtrshing and Umsohlaper.
On the other hand, the RBSU, has congratulated the management of Eastern Ri Bhoi College, which has been one of the information centers and has served for about 20 years. Through the hard work of the CMC, Principal and Teachers, the College has produced many distinguished people from the area.
In this regard, the SBM-G has focused on the necessary innovations and to date 368 clean-up works have been started in 137 districts.
Ma Mulieh, met with the Governor on 3rd July 2017 and informed about the incident at Jaintia District Council and the Governor informed that he will take the necessary action and that the Governor also feels that the It is a very unfortunate incident and he will take action against those who have hidden this appointment in the Council.
After Lanosha had finished speaking, Bah Deng said, “Wait, when I come to stay overnight at your house, the Kongthei will be clear...” said Bah Deng. Lano also thought how to say, but because “Come now...” She listened. “Shisha, let me come.
Acts 28:8
“However, beware of the people, don't be deceived if you are like Salsella in my constituency, in 2013 Dr. Mukul Sangma came to deceive the people to distribute T.5000 per household after the elections. Thep sha u, but out of tens of thousands of people, only about 300 people have received and out of these 300 people, the sad thing is that after a while the banks have come to withdraw money from them. “The people were surprised but the bank managers said that you have taken a loan of T.5000 tyngka, be careful people,” said Conrad.
So far, the government has agreed to open four more border markets in the state including three in Khasi Hills and one in Garo Hills.
He said that the state government needs to reform the working methods in the health department for the benefit of the people in the state especially the poor and needy people because they rely on the health department. place care government.
According to the Act passed by the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, the Head of the Lok Ayukta shall be a retired High Court Judge of any State, or anyone else. person of repute who has no record of any person of repute.
The word 'py' is the word 'pyn' which translates a verb into a command: for example, to cleanse, to cleanse, to use, to cleanse, to cleanse, etc.
According to a statement from the IGP of CID Meghalaya, Bah O Passi, the case was sent on 28th March, for the misuse of funds in connection with the construction of the Nursing Centre. complex.
These hand books can be obtained from the office of the Regional Transport Authority, Shillong and should be collected within nine days.
Dalmia Cement, which owns these factories and grinding units, has produced the largest quantity of dewbilat in the North East of 4.4MnT.
They have one brother, three daughters and seven sons and Fr.Kitboklang is the eldest son of the eleven children.
The DC said that at this meeting it was decided to set up a monitoring committee in which the village leaders and dalloi will also be members.
When they reached the place where there was a thwei, they ran away, but Kefel reached a deeper place and it is not known what happened and he could not get out of the thwei.
On 28th June, 2020, Father Albert Thyrniang wrote an article in the Shillong Times entitled “Reject fanaticism in any form.
The Seiñraij Mukhla has held a Thanksgiving ceremony at the altar of “Blei Synhen” at the Thadlaskeiñ Pond. Thank you to God for protecting the children of Seiñ Raij Mukhla to have a healthy body and also to keep away from this pandemic of COVID all the kingdoms of the earth.
Shillong: "Has the MR listened and respected the opinion of the BJP and RSS for vote bank politics?" said Bah Pyndapbor Saiborn, President of KHNAM, in a statement. to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the State.
Albert Maring, a young man from Umdap Dumu Village in Nongpoh Constituency, Ri Bhoi District, has come forward to speak on the current situation in Ri Bhoi District. He said that in the 2023 election there should be no change and that the people of Ri Bhoi should not vote for the candidates who are from Ri Bhoi District.
This lead is found in the paints we give to wood and walls in the house.
According to the EKHLTWA advisor, this is just a public incentive because if they are really concerned from the bottom of their hearts, they should first hold a public meeting of the entire political party.
Through the PROGRESS scheme, farmers have been provided with piglets and chickens to raise which are good and fast growing seeds.
The SDPO of Sohra said that these VDPs have done a good job in the community in which they have arrested the perpetrators and seized the property from them. “The best thing that the VDPs of Pongtung have done is that they have arrested these people and handed them over to the police without any injury,” said the SP.
It is for this reason that Jesus said – “Watch and pray, that ye enter not into temptation: the spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak.
Jesus is the truth, and those who believe and obey the word of truth and act on it, that truth will set you free, says the Word of God.
At the same time, he announced that he will contest the 2023 election from Nongkrem Constituency where he will contest against other wealthy candidates by urging the people to elect their leaders on the basis of righteousness and hope. .
Jowai, Jymmang 5: U Moi Chullet, 65, of Ialong, Jowai, on Saturday, died on his way to Hospital, Ialong. of the head.
According to his mother, along with his family members, it was learned that he was hit by a car on the head.
Through this victory, Wahkaji has scored three more points today.
He said that this work is very long and there is a case and for this reason, the government has to look into it thoroughly and has already sought reports from various departments such as the city department. , revenue department.
The SDE has also told the complainant that if he does not pay the amount demanded, the PGM will take the necessary action to punish him.
Stressing on the same issue, the Minister of State Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh urged everyone to join hands.
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, has announced that after receiving the recognition, the Government will start inviting various colleges in the State to join the University.
The Mawpuds were moved from east to west.
Bah Sumarlang Swer, former UDP leader who joined the HSPDP party, said that the reason why he joined the HSPDP is on the grounds that the candidate The HSPDP party is a young man who has the desire to bring about change for the people of Umsning Constituency and also that the party has a foundation to protect the land owners. and also to protect the land which is the source of the nation.
According to the Rangbah Shnong of Phirol Khongtani, there are seven good houses which have been destroyed by the storm this morning at 3 pm. They said that there were shops, houses that had been covered with snow.
Debasish Mondal of SIS Cash Service Pvt.
“There is no reason to doubt the intention of the Council.
Speaking to reporters, EM of the Elaka, Bah KP Pangniang said that Bah Wanniang will be the temporary leader of the Shella Confederacy until the KHADC can hold the Wahadadar elections. , until you get a full-fledged Wahadadar.
“The income mentioned is the budget of the Council, except for professional tax, trade and others,” said Bah Nongrum.
One of the reasons is the lack of food and drink, especially when a person is weak.
ha" laughed the father and said listen son how your mother said.
“As a reminder, in the notification we see that the public hearing will start at 11:00 am.
On the other hand, Lahkmen said that talks have also been held with the Minister of HRD to allow the policy of the Meghalaya government to be implemented in the allocation of students at NERIE, Umiam.
When the independence struggle of India intensified, the British Government did not hesitate to declare and grant its independence without delay on 15th August
In the category of UP School, Sumon Tudu of Kharkhana UP School and Daiomika Shylla of Pasadwar UP School were awarded the title of Best Athlete. The Sports Meet was inaugurated by the General Secretary of Kamsing Village, Bah Augustine Pamblang in the presence of the Village Elders, Village Officials and School Children.
The JSU also sends its condolences to the family of Samla Lurshai Hynniewta and to the KSU. The courage and dedication of Samla Lurshai Hynniewta for the great cause of the nation and her name will live and her name will remain with us and our descendants.
He said he is afraid that if this is not considered now, the Pynursla area will soon run out of water.
At the same time, they expressed their concern especially to the sick, school children and the elderly who have to walk through the river due to the closure of the bridge by the army. unfortunately during high tide.
Shillong, Lber 3: Mawhati MDC James Sylliang, who won as an independent candidate, has left the party by joining the synrop party. He said that the people want him to support the Congress party.
The Seng Longkmie has lodged a complaint with the Nongstoiñ Police Station and the office of the Child Protection Officer. The old man will walk free because he has committed a crime against human rights. Therefore, we will take strong action against him.
The program was also part of the 20th Anniversary of AVENUES as a social enterprise which provides education and training to the youth of the state and the North East.
Meanwhile, Deputy CEM Bah PN Syiem said that Meghalaya has been following or accepting the laws passed since the time of Assam which have caused problems until now. to amend the National Identity Act and also the Land Transfer Act of the State so that others do not receive the same benefits as others.
The Executive Committee of the Village has approved the decision to allow women to participate in the Dorbar Shnong.
During the meeting, they explained the situation in KHADC where the UDP, which has been leading the EC for four years, has been removed even though it is an ally in the State Government.
Lasting Lamin Gadew, former Secretary Village of Shnongpdeng, will contest the MDC election of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC).
However, the most important issue is how the T.181 crore has gone out without paying the electricity bill and this is an act that the state government should not allow to MeECL and should be made public. They don't pay the electricity bill, because the villagers who install only one or two bulbs, if they don't pay the electricity bill for two or three months, but they have been cut off from electricity, while these factories They have spent hundreds of crores, but it seems that MeECL has not done anything and not only that, but the electricity bill they pay to MeECL, has been returned to them by the government.
Furthermore, the party has alleged that the use of EVMs has caused many doubts in the last elections and in this MDC elections the old ballot paper should be used. It has also sent its request to the Chief Election Commissioner of India.
The Seng strongly condemns the violation of the status quo by Assam and also the introduction of the 11th Gorkha Regiment by the Assam Police on Sunday. that you should immediately stop such activities.
You eat, but you are not full, you drink, but you are not hungry; you clothe yourselves, but you are not dressed.
" “I have decided to lodge a complaint against him (father) for this act of violence against me to the authorities, so I have decided to lodge a complaint against him to you who are in charge of the law enforcement agencies and to us. women and children,” said the woman in her complaint.
“We need to find people who can serve the Women Commission properly because it is a very important department and that is why we need people who have the desire to do the job as assigned,” she said.
Article 16(4) provides for the establishment of State Legislatures.
“I don't have any other opinion on this, because we will discuss this with the Government.
Initially, perhaps every night and secretly they held meetings in the villages to discuss independence and the country they were going to settle.
However, there has been a suggestion from the members of the Kur especially from the youth of both the Kurs that the Kur Lyngdoh Umiong and the Kur Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien are the same because of the promise from their ancestors. They were strong in their own foundation, but they did not listen and the meeting was dissolved, so without signing or shaking their hands they separated from each other.
The incident happened at 12:30 pm this morning when the truck driven by Somsul Sul Islam Tapadar from Assam was heading from Guwahati to Shillong. , but when it arrived at the scene, it was said that there was a failure in the wires and the fire started from the engine parts, and then the fire spread to all parts of the vehicle. , which caused the vehicle and its equipment to be completely damaged.
There is a Common Yoga Protocol in the villages and for this purpose we have worked with the Common Service Centres.
On the other hand, they expressed their concern regarding the proposal to appoint MDCs for the ethnic groups without leaders.
Even the UN acknowledges this practice of any nation in the world.
Yadav was one of those who attended the Kumbh Mela in Haridwar in recent days, where he met with many religious leaders.
“The dissemination of such videos is a violation of the rules of law protecting children and those involved will be brought to justice,” said the Chairperson of SCPCR. Shillong, Jymmang 29: MPCC Working President N Syiem N Syiem said that the collapse of the ISBT, the collapse of bridges and the collapse of the dome of the Assembly is a sign that the MDA government will collapse in
The time has come to ask difficult questions in the public square and to seek answers from the ministers of this MDA government on all corruption.
To conclude this news, I would like to remind you of the news dated 16th July 2020, that the Minister of State does not know whether Ampata village belongs to the state. Meghalaya and Assam.
The Office of the Divisional Forest Officer, Jaintia Hills Wildlife Division, Jowai will celebrate Wildlife Week on the first month of April
You are never too old to influence your home.
The arrested team was led by Enlang Sawian, President of HYC Nongthymmai Circle and Tiewsoh Kharjahrin.
He understands that adults have the ability to see.
Shamble MannersTip I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, This answer is in my head.
These four children are currently undergoing training at the Bhaichung Bhutia Football Schools Residential Academy at Assam Rifles, Laitkor.
The awarding of the title to Patricia Mukhim, Editor of the Shillong Times and Padmashree, was awarded to USTM on the basis of achievements. The Longkmie, who has contributed to the society, is from the field of journalism, which dares to speak the truth, even in difficult jobs and also in the service of the Read and write.
I believe that whether it is the development of technology, speeding up the trial or strengthening the responsibility of the Police, we have tried to protect the rights of the victims.
At that time I didn't understand why he became like that.
“Despite all the difficulties, I have never seen any KSU leader who has stood like Bah Bull.
However, some people, when they are in trouble, run away and run away, some run to the river to kill themselves, some run to the tree to hang themselves, some run to things that cannot help them. , who cannot release them.
C&RD Minister Hamletson Dohling, Minister of Forests, Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma, Minister of Forests, Health and Family Welfare, Raliang MLA Comingone Ymbon, DC, SP of the district were also present as the chief guests. and government officials.
Little Flower H/S School Ummulong beat Pdengshakap SS 3-2, Lum Pyrtuh SS beat Achiever's SS 5-4 goals. while the Jowai Govt.
He also alleged that the BSF has been harassing the residents who go to Dawki to market where the residents have to get permission from the Commandant of the BSF, otherwise, the goods of the BSF will be destroyed. The union also said that it wants to change the BSF how they allow Bangladeshis to smuggle in Dawki Market.
“We have elected many people who are educated but they don't know anything and they are only good at corruption,” she said. and who understand the needs of the people to govern in a clean and fair manner.
“This is the first championship since the pandemic and I am confident that you have come back and moved forward,” said John F Kharshiing, President of SAM and Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association. (MSOA) after the end of the Meghalaya Games.
At the time of receiving this news, no casualties have been reported.
He said that this university will show to the world that it is a different university.
This is part of the program.
Arkydalang Myrthang scored the first goal for Jongksha in the 46th minute while Bolancejoy Kharkray scored the first goal for Sohiong in the 18th minute and Albinit Khongshun in the 87th minute.
A total of 51,334 candidates sat for the examination, which was held in October this year.
The NPP Women's Wing has said that there is an urgent need to provide adequate garbage dumps for Jowai and to build Waste Treatment Plants outside Jowai such as Sabahmuswang. to eliminate unemployment among the youth.
The book was written by Supreme Court Chief Justice Daniel Stone Lyngdoh after a thorough investigation into the incident. released on 29 June 2022 has further reinforced the urgency of the recognition.
If he fails to pay the fine, he will have to serve another six months in jail after the expiry of the 20 years.
The true Rangbah is not one whom we look for in terms of education, knowledge, wealth, wealth, rank or honor.
Rakesh Tikait was also arrested in Tihar Jail for protesting in front of Parliament in Delhi demanding an increase in the price of pai and was also imprisoned in Jaipur for the farmers' protest. .
Remember, you rich people of our state, if this disease lasts for many years, you will have to do like that Suwansing, because if you put money in the pot, you will not eat; and ye shall go down into the villages, and buy a hundred shekels of silver, and a hundred shekels of corn.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Shillong Mihngi Circle today immediately closed down the Muscle Blaster Gym at Thana Road after the owner of the Muscle Blaster Gym at Thana Road. Raju Baruah has been accused of raping a 19-year-old girl.
“Pleng and Riia are very rich, but they are small.
Bah Joshua Rynjah Lecturer Department of English, St Mary's College, Shillong on the topic of “Education” which explained the benefits of being able to read and write and the benefits of it. He also informed about the knowledge and use of computers especially in this age where all these activities are online and also about the use of social media and to be more disciplined in how to use it.
“I have decided not to interfere in their elections, I will submit my resignation letter after the elections, and I don't live or die whether I am an MDC or not,” he said.
Shillong, June 5: The RBYWO Umsning Circle has expressed its regret over the lack of action by the PHE Umsning Sub-Division office through the Umsning Sub-Division, on the inability of them to implement the drinking water distribution scheme in Umsning, which started in 2011 and the completion deadline is October
Let us not be the cause of any young person's despair.
This change requires the participation of children, which will develop their intellectual capacity and will be implemented by Child Development Project Officers from Anganwadi centres.
Shillong: U TW Chyne, CEM of Sohra Constituency, on Tuesday said that when the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma returns from Garo Hills, he will follow the Chief Minister. Then on the demand of the district of Sohra.
Because if you lose your budlum, where will your beloved Meghalaya go?
“We have arrested them and recovered mobile phones from the bodies of these robbers.
If the contractor has to pay money here and there, he will inevitably have to build roads or other infrastructure that will soon disappear.
Shillong, Nailar 09 : The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has promised to consider the demand of the Cabinet to implement the Inner Line Permit and also to recognize the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the state. the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution of the Republic.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The North East Students Organization (NESO) on Tuesday said that if the BJP apologizes for misspelling the word 'poiwir' to the people of North East India, it should prove it. , by repealing the enactment of the Armed Forces Special Powers (AFSPA) Act as a sign that it values ​​the people of this region.
“We will continue to check their documents across Shillong and we have set a deadline to complete within six and a half months. “After we have completed our census, we will do whatever we need to do,” said Thomas Passah.
The times in which we live are like those times of the Egyptians when people did not want to know and hear the truth of the Word of God.
Also present on the occasion were the Director of Sports Wanri AM Booth, MTTA office bearers, MSOA Working President and Secretary Joh F Kharshiing and Finely Pariat. game.
Ripnar Lyngdoh is the daughter of Berlin Lyngdoh and Rev. HB Syngkrem.
“When asked, he said that the party will continue to work as usual not to allow any illegal activities in front of the community in collaboration with the law enforcement agencies.
Dr. Mitra, who was the Director of Agriculture in Assam, said that about 30 to 40 tonnes of soh per 100 tonnes of soh are wasted because the farmers harvest improperly. the wind and the lack of a way to sell them.
Through a message, President Pranab Mukherjee congratulated the teachers, principal, students and staff for the school which has reached this level this year.
A 23-year-old Indian student has been arrested and charged by US police for allegedly killing his parents and son inside the country. New Jersey.
This shortage of doctors puts the government in a difficult position.
Islam has been accused of raping a 14-year-old girl at Ampati police station on 13th October and a 17-year-old girl at her home on 31st October. and threatened her again.
This is the second time that these birds have arrived in this area and this area has a breeding ground.
Therefore, I personally appeal to you the people of Meghalaya not to oppose or criticize such people who have mental disabilities, but take responsibility for their own safety. by following and doing what the government requires, as well as in prayer.
The prize for all these is a trophy and a ryngkuh cow.
He said that many students who have passed well in various grades refuse to work in their own state and this encourages them as an organization.
Because of these reasons, the people are scattered and the districts have become lyngkrang.
They urged the District Council authorities to complete this task as soon as possible for the smooth running of the Khadar administration within the Hima, and not to listen silently to the complaints of the people.
The roads under construction under the Road Transport and Highways are 281 KM at a cost of Rs 3819 crore.
Skill labs will also be started in schools.
Salesforce Trailblazer Labs have been opened in Sohrarim and Nongwah in 2021 and
Besides, even the civil society organizations have made it clear that until they get the ILP, they will not allow the railway line to Byrnihat but if they get the ILP, they will allow the railway line,” he said. u bah Sawkmie.
The competition was inaugurated by Bah Pynhun Rynghang as the chief guest in the presence of RBMSC President Lance Shadap, General Secretary, Isynei Hinge Adviser, Ailong Pariat and other dignitaries. .
Of these figures, the NITI Aayog said that there are 1,56,738 residents of Meghalaya who have come out of the list of so-called “Multidimensional Poverty”.
And for those with disabilities, these things may happen, but this doesn't mean that you should be recognized as LGBTQ. Because as we know through science & technology that has explained the gender through chromosomes in the human body, the XX chromosome and the XY chromosome.
“Other speakers on the occasion included Welborn Phawa (Senior Security Card), Chebha Passah Ex.Art & Culture of JSU CB and members of BAM-JH. Shillong, Lber 01 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) Sohiong has elected Bah Synshar Lyngdoh, the brother-in-law of Maheh HDR Lyngdoh (Bam Kwai). ha Dwar U Blei) to contest the MLA election-2023 from Sohiong Constituency.
He said that if they cannot implement these demands within a day, the KSU SKHDU has decided to ban all mining in Majai Sohra Syiemship and Bortali Elaka.
Even now God has His purposes for each person, who knows?
Mawkyrwat, June 30: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples of Ranikor Circle on Saturday sent relief to a family who was destroyed by a fire in Nongkdait-Nongnah village. , South West Khasi Hills District where this incident happened in the past few days.
This was announced by Chanmi Syrti, Education Secretary KSU Narpuh Circle.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has declared a Dry Day across the district on the 15th of this month as it is the Independence Day.
The Tangjait is only for the Khasi tribe.
This decision of the Supreme Court of Meghalaya has not only revived and encouraged the non-government teachers but has also revived the right and willingness to serve or work. interests) of teachers to provide training, public awareness in all political affairs.
Christians are now in fear,” said Steven, a Christian from Uttar Pradesh.
When asked, Bah Tynsong said, “When I look closely, they say that they have been here since 160 years ago, is it true, can I prove this...160 years you have been here, so I don't. want to say something besides this.
Nongpoh: The management of Saiden Secondary School, Saiden Nongpoh, today honored and congratulated the football players of the school, who have been given the opportunity to lead the state to the Mukherjee Subroto. The Cup will be held in Delhi.
He said that the struggle without knowledge and understanding is one of the reasons why we don't win the struggle.
Das, 80, had left for Mathura to hold a Krishna Janmashtami programme.
Former members of the Mizo National Front (MNF) have urged the Meitei people of Manipur living in Mizoram to leave the state for their safety as the situation has deteriorated. snowdur after the bloodshed in the ethnic conflict in Manipur.
On the 27th of this month, Bah Rishan, brother of West Shillong MLA, Bah Mohendro Rapsang, was robbed of about T.9 lakh by a robber who tied him from the head. He was arrested at the gate of his residence in Jaiaw Langsning, Shillong.
While he believes and obeys, I will try my best to educate him.
During the election campaign, all the candidates showed their positions and during the election campaign, party leaders from Shillong as well as government officials including the Prime Minister. Dr. Mukul Sangma to campaign for their candidate, and in the mid-term election in Nongstoin, other parties are hopeful to win the election especially the Congress party. Congress to win and bring about change in Nongstoin but on the day of counting of votes without forming the Congress and other parties because the victory of Singh continues, and Bah D.Jyndiang who is the Maieid has been appointed as the new MLA of Nongstoin Constituency.
About 700 people including employees of the company, students of CMCL Vidya Bharati School, members of Jagriti Ladies Club and officials from the office of the Central Pollution Control Board, Shillong, attended the ceremony.
During questioning, Chatterjee did not respond clearly to the ED, the report said and this led to the arrest of him.
Thus, there will be heavy rainfall in the state from 3rd to 7th July 2022, with heavy and heavy rainfall for the next four days.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Leader of the Opposition in the KHADC Bar Assembly, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, who is the Leader of KHUDA-II, has encouraged the Enforcement Police of KHADC to be brave people for the sake of to fulfill its duty to close down the shops of foreigners who do not have a trading license in Iewduh in accordance with the powers conferred on the Sixth Schedule.
The Minister said it is not up to the state government to take a decision on the salary increase for ASHA workers as it is the method used in the country as a whole. .
Then the Umroi bridge, which has just been repaired, has collapsed.
After taking the people, the police also loaded into the vehicle the tynsok, tyrpal which the union had prepared to sleep overnight at the Parking Lot Addll.
Then he will start implementing this modern technology to insert a micro-chip into the body.
He said that after the incident on the 15th, there has been a request from many authorities to the government not to patrol the CRPF or the Central Force in such areas. The government has accepted their request and decided to deploy patrols by the Meghalaya Police (MLP) in those areas.
Shortly after, the residents came to identify that the victims were not robbers but villagers.
The ceremony was held on Saturday at Madan Lairkhla, in the presence of Dr. Balajied Syiem, Syiem of Khyrim Hima, Syiemship. After this, the plan to confirm the Syiem and Lyngdoh in the Raid Ïapngar had to be suspended.
On the other hand, Bah Finely Pariat, General Secretary, said that many sports federations in the state have held championships, but the Meghalaya Games will be part of the selection of the athletes who will represent the state. National Sports Championships.
Out of the 11 districts, 10 districts have reached the target of 95% vaccination.
Young Congress leader and one of Rahul Gandhi's closest friends, Jyotiraditya Scindia, today left the Congress party after being with the party for 18 years. consecutive years.
At the same time, the Union urges all the residents to take part in this celebration by burning at least one candle on the roof of their houses as a sign of remembrance of the heroes of the nation and to promote the spirit of patriotism to our fellow citizens.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the youth office bearers of the Mawkyrwat Youth's Development Association (MYDA) who through this tournament have a great purpose for the youth. Youth of the area to achieve or carry through with their courage with the cooperation of other youth without asking for assistance from the government even for a penny or from any expenditure from government schemes or MLA Scheme but through Through their hard work, they have raised funds of their own as an association and which has amounted to about T.5 lakh.
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) on Tuesday celebrated the International Olympic Day, which is different from the usual ones.
We will have another six to nine months to complete the process," he added.
On the other hand, the KSU SWK has accepted the government's proposal of T.50 crore for this road but wants it to be done immediately without delay.
The District Magistrate, East Jaintia Hills District, in an order issued on Tuesday, has placed containment on three households in Moolamanoh village after they tested positive for COVID-19 from a person who had no history of travel. you want to come here.
On the other hand, Bah Ronald Khongjoh Rangbah Shnong and Paiem Wanphrang Syiem Sirdar of Nongpoh Sirdarship said that the reason for the inspection was because of the complaints of the residents of the area. Every time it rains, the road is flooded and it is difficult to walk especially the school children who go to school every day have to take off their shoes and carry high patlun to avoid the hands.
HANM under the leadership of its president, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, has met with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling to give them 10 months to do something about it. .
On the other hand, Bah Mayral Born Syiem also handed over a donation to the College as part of the celebration.
In this regard, the union has decided to send a letter to the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) to request the ration shops to sell less than kilograms of goods and not to sell spoiled goods to the public.
Donald V Thabah, General Secretary KSU CEC, Shillong was the chief guest and Pynkmenlang Sanmiet Sanmiet, Secretary Education Secretary KSU CEC, Shillong was the chief guest. The meeting was attended by KSU leaders from East Jaintia Hills District, including Rangbah Shnong Bah Monlang Ladong, Rangbah Shnong Lumshnong, Bah Monlang Ladong, Rangbah Shnong Lumshnong. Wairis Suchen Rangbah Tongseng Narpuh, Bah Wailen Syih Rangbah Shymplong, Bah Robi Suchiang Rangbah Umstaiñ and others.
At 10 pm, a Mass of the Holy Eucharist was led by Father Hilarius Lamare Parish Priest of the Parish of Jowai who is also the Vicar General of the Diocese of Jowai in the presence of the Fathers who attended. to this Procession.
The four villages where the dorbar will be held are Syllai-Ulor, Kyndong-Nongkyntir, Rngi and Mawiong.
Speaking on the occasion, Most.Rev.Wilbert Marweiñ said that the Lyngdohs and religious leaders have been elected to be the prayer leaders, because this is the first duty of the religious leaders. every day they perform prayers for God's people.
The Word of God clearly states: And it shall come to pass in the last days, that the mountain of the house of the LORD shall be established in the top of the mountains, and shall be exalted above the hills; an.
He also recalled the steps taken by the Seng to open the Maitshaphrang MMA and Fitness Team in Nongthymmai as one of the shlems to train the youth in the field of physical education and also to to promote youth in sports.
Pastor Emlangmi Sapuh (Adviser of the 'Chirup in Christ' Group) and the consecration of the rice.
Others who were present to meet and introduce themselves to the Governor were RG Lyngdoh, Vice Chancellor of Martin Luther University, Manas Choudhury, former MLA, Toki Blah, Father of All Saints Cathedral Church of North. India, Rev. Presley B Lyngdoh, Rana Kharkongngor, one of the greatest singers of the nation; leaders of the Seng Khasi, the Ramakrishna Mission and many other elders and women as well.
On the other hand, the people also have to agree as directed and done by the Government.
BJP leaders and other government officials, including Defense Minister Rajnath Singh, Jitendra Singh, DoNER Children's Minister and others have arrived at the hospital. government leader.
By looking for them, you will not only be happy but you will also be happy that you still remember and look for them.
The KHADC has allocated funds from the 13th Fine Commission for the years 2011-12 (1 crore), 2012-13 (15 lakh) and 2013-14 (20 lakh).
Shillong: There have been 569 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 517 recoveries and 11 deaths.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that the Ministry is pleased that at this stage there are nine companies that have applied for the service. happen for the very first time.
The program was organized by the Meghalaya Farmers Empowerment Commission (MFEC).
As usual, the people living in the countryside are very small in population even in their households.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District has declared a micro containment zone for the Star Cement Factory after 39 people from the factory tested positive for COVID-1
If you are interested, please call 9863012113.
Speaking to media after a meeting with various government departments, Ampareen Lyngdoh said, “The equipment of MCH Hospital Nongstoin has had to be relocated to Mawkyrwat. The hospital in Mawkyrwat has been opened and it lacks the necessary equipment”.
Niakha to ia ong lang" said Rida's mother. "I believe it's good, Bah," Niakha said. "When the body is brought, we will clean it tomorrow.
The Government appoints MLAs and MDCs who have been rejected by the people in the elections because it is sorry that they are unemployed.
If Mohammedan wins, Langsning will have a chance to qualify for the I-League.
They said that the principal supported them, but they didn't respond.
If the court doesn't allow that, then why is it still silent now when the bhahkam is up to 85%.
Likewise, my fellow countrymen, don't misunderstand my request because I don't want to move quickly.
After that, the union also visited the nursing school and found that the place is not safe, because there is no fence and it is frightening for the nursing students especially those who stay in hostels.
In the Men's Single, Carmel Kharbihkhiew of Statistic won against Holy Well Dhar of ADIRP.
A sudden fire broke out in a temporary market in Laitumkhrah, Shillong on Thursday morning.
Bharat, who was close to reaching the half-century mark, lost after scoring 31 off 59 balls, while Kumar was one of the batsmen who scored 6/3
On the other hand, Bah Sahnam Diengdoh, who is also a ration distributor, said that he sells ration at 5 tyngka per kilo as directed by the government. Meghalaya, but on 28th October 2020, it was banned from selling at the price of 5 tyngka per kilo after receiving an order from the Dorbar Shnong Nohwet.
Equal pleasure attracts the minds of all and many lack even the ability to understand to have a boundary so that it does not affect the personality and dignity of man.
In terms of matches, Al-Hilal are not a strong team and are one of the teams that have been looking for Messi to leave after the world star left. he left Paris Saint-Germain last year.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 11: U MLA of Nongpoh today visited Umling Secondary School, one of the schools under the jurisdiction of the village.
When the state is in the midst of a storm, it will be like sitting on a ship without a bow while the wind blows.
JHTOA President Nidamon Chullet said that the meeting should take the consent of the truck owners and what steps they should take next as the dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills have not implemented what has been agreed. , or T.7 per metric tonne per kilometre.
“As we all know, the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) is still busy with various departments of Manipur.
“Shu tharai, if we don't support the NPP, the rule of the Governor will come here,” said Bah Ronnie. “I have decided to support the NPP”.
The Department of Housing and Urban Affairs, Government of India has decided to improve the Ease of Living Index in the delivery of services to the citizens.
Dr. Kharshiing continued to announce the decisions taken by the Secretariat including the Ar maloi Act, MUDA border crossing and others, but the people did not allow and heard a loud shout. the speech of the Union leaders was interrupted.
Shillong, Jymmang 07 : The Wapung Block will host the U-12 Football Tournament 2023 to be held on the 11th July
Martin Luther King, Jr.
It reminds us of the statement of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel on 5th July 1947 and in one part of that statement it is written:-
It is worth mentioning that the sub-inspector had threatened the children after committing the crime.
The following are the decisions taken in relation to these matters: —Income TaxGST• Debit card holders can withdraw money from any ATM without paying more than 3 months• Minimum balance fee has been abolished• The number of banks to conduct digital trade transactions has been reduced.
After the sudden collapse of the Congress in the country, this has also affected the state and this time the Congress has dropped to 5 seats which usually wins at least 20 seats every election.
He said that they are planning to release a new album in these days.
Shillong, Nailar 6: Two members of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) have been arrested by the police on Tuesday for involvement in robbery.
Therefore, it is now up to the wisdom of the government to control, because to improve the road is no longer necessary but it is only necessary to use the brain to reduce traffic jam, otherwise the problems will increase with the road. the traffic will become worse.
Bah Lambok Thabah was born on 15th July 1971 in Umniuh Tmar village in Ri-War district.
Trisdalin and Tirotsing have 11 children and 12 children.
Finally, whether the Election Commission has ordered the political parties to remove their banners, posters and hoardings from the streets where they advertise.
Nongpoh: Jirang MLA, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, has been criticized by several people, who spoke at the recent meeting of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) at Patharkhmah Market. The MLA said that these statements are false and unfounded.
From these discussions, it was understood that the HSPDP will not respond to Fenela's application but will reject it.
In the men's category, Daniel Wahlang came first, Wolbetstar Ramsiej came second and Sainkupar Jyrwa came third.
He said that the four persons will be brought before the court and a case has been registered at Laitumkhrah Police Station and Sadar Police Station.
We as the owners of the land we would like to clarify through this media that we don't have the spirit of jealousy or to stop the development especially the welfare of the village and the community but if we are deprived of our rights, will we? What we want to clarify is that the villagers have taken over the land of our farmland as villagers who earn their living by farming. On the part of the village to take a small piece of land for the MNREGA scheme we as a household please donate whether it is 2 meters or 3 meters as the village wants and not to lose the land owners the village will take both. If the village needs it but as the owners of the land we express our surprise and surprise at the robbery and iuhroit of the VEC Lumniwar to us as the owners of the land and has not taken a decision as it has ended with it. The land has been surveyed and the land owners have planted trees to identify the land to be given to the village and the vacant land has been planted with sying but in the evening of 5 July 2020 with the permission of the VEC Leaders The MNREGA scheme without consulting the land owners, the JCB has dug beyond the limit and destroyed all the crops. On the 6th of Jymmang 2020 we requested and showed the most amount of land by puh shilum and requested the village to arrange with us the land owner because what has been arranged and ring sawar to give land has been too much and has been destroyed. The VEC Lumniwar through the leaders have not listened to what the land owners have requested and expressed but they have acted unfairly and as the land owners after our request but the VEC Lumniwar has managed smoothly. The BDO's office has not listened to the work but the village authorities have used force and attack until they have completed the work.
Also present at the discussion was Usha Ramanathan, Legal Worker for Minority – New Delhi. She also strongly opposed the Aadhaar number. The purpose of implementing this number is very important because it will reveal the secrets of people or personal characteristics.
“The government wants to reach a stage where tourists can stay for at least 3 or 4 days by visiting many places and we have received support from the central government and also also assistance from foreign funding agencies such as ADB," he added.
Applications can be obtained from the office of the Sub-Regional Employment Officer, KNB Road, Jowai.
Regarding the seizure of heroin, 26,678.96 grams of heroin, 10,209.26 kilograms of Ganja, 2796.36 grams of opium, 93.33 kilograms of methamphetamine. Yaba tablets, 25,260.65 grams of other intoxicants and 90,321 bottles of codeine cough syrup from 2010 to October 17,
However, at the end, their sons, Louis (10) and Rubu (8), agreed to continue the writing, in which one of them is a photographer and the other is a photographer. writes.
With the exception of a few farmers who have rich land and who have become rich and well-off, the majority of farmers (80 out of 100 farmers) are poor or still poor. in the earnings and shisha as you cultivate and syrdep.
Speaking at the meeting, DV Ranayya thanked all the Mine Managers of the company who have taken responsibility for the work which has resulted in no accident or injury to the workers. He also congratulated the DGMS for honoring the employees working in the company's quarries and said that this Safety Week program provides an opportunity. employees of companies to discuss and show what they have done well and what they should do in the parks to protect employees from any hazards and injuries.
Shillong, Nailur 27: U Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, the leader of the Rilum State struggle and the last of the leaders to demand the Rilum State, has passed away at the age of He was admitted to NEIGHRIMS, Shillong on Tuesday after a few days of treatment.
For those youths who come from wealthy families, their establishment of businesses will open up more opportunities for other youths seeking employment.
Shillong, Jymmang, 18: As a group concerned about the decline in education especially when it is found that one of the reasons is the income problem of parents which has reached the point where children have to drop out. The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Umrynjah Unit has decided to take action on this issue.
The objective of Mission Vatsalyaka is to ensure a healthy and happy childhood for all children of the country; to bring about an understanding, supportive and collaborative environment for the future of children; to assist the States/UTs in the implementation of the Juvenile Justice Act 2015; and to achieve the SDG targets. Components within the Vatsalyakin Mission include two groups responsible for rules and regulations; service opportunities, service offerings; providing social assistance; providing assistance in emergencies; training and development of skills.
We should thank God that by His mercy and grace we have been able to find this medicine.
FEEDING Feeding is the most important factor in the pig farm as feed alone accounts for 80 percent of all expenses in the pig farm.
This is the heartbreak that Sangma has suffered over the death of this great leader of the state.
At Nongtalang Government Secondary School, Lahkmen inaugurated the administrative building and auditorium of the school.
However, in the second half, the Koreans fought hard and won 59-5
When contacted by the NPP MDCs, they could not be reached for comment whether they were involved in the decision of the Boundary Committee of KHADC to appeal to the High Court. related to this social boundary settlement.
Environmental Secretary: Thursday Dkhar
Praising the heroes of Meghalaya - Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan Sangma, Prof Atanu Banerjee, Dean I/C Students Welfare Academics, NIT Meghalaya, Shillong said that through the photographs shown at the Through this exhibition, we can learn about these unknown heroes of the North East who contributed greatly for an independent India.
On the day Meghalaya joined the country to celebrate the 75 th Independence Day on Sunday, the state witnessed a dark cloud in which the people protested against the assassination of the former General Secretary of the National Liberation Front (NLF). Council (HNLC) Bah Cherish S Thangkhiew on 13th July 2013 at many places in Mawlai to carry flags against the government and the police.
“It is the root cause of a person when he or she does a job or works in any area of ​​his/her life.
The order also prohibits the publication of any statement about the vote or more votes of a candidate, whether in newspapers or electronic media including social media.
He said the government has decided to lift the ban on RTPCR testing for those who have already been vaccinated twice and the night curfew from June
When we reached St. Edmund's Gate, which is located on Lady Veronica Lane, Dongktih, Laitumkhrah, we stopped first because we met two friends who were still standing there.
“We don't have any reason to withdraw our support from the MDA government,” said Bah Banteidor.
Imphal: More than 1,000 women from Manipur took to the streets in Churachanpur on Tuesday to protest against the immediate relocation of the workplace of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. They also threatened to intensify the protest in all the rural districts of the state if their demands are not met.
The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District together with the office of the District Social Welfare Officer has conducted a training on the Nasha Mukt Bharat Campaign at the District Library Auditorium. , Jowai on Thursday.
“A nation that doesn't see far will live in darkness and will disappear, shall we be dark???”.
Except for the independent candidate, Bah Tarcicious Mawlot, who said that he is contesting the election because he has heard the voice of God, who has warned him to ask for support and to criticize any of the opposition candidates.
Police have rescued 52 people from the hostel on that day.
He said that the Riangdo police have worked hard to find out, but have not yet found his whereabouts.
He said that it is not enough to be a Christian without loving one's neighbours, especially those who are suffering.
I have the right to pray, but I don't have the right to pollute,” said the 42-year-old minister.
The most shocking and unclean thing now is the appearance of forty kinds of crimes in the newspapers these days especially murder and fraud.
The BJYM has laid a wreath at the memorial of Captain Keishing Clifford Nongrum at 101 Rhino Museum Shillong and held a 2 minute silence and prayer. May the souls of the brave men rest in peace before God and may the souls of the brave men inspire the youth of the country to be ready to fight for the defense. and develop the country and the nation.
l What if someone needs more than T 20,000/- for business or other purposes? It can be deposited into the accounts without any restrictions.
The ABVP also supported the students who organized the programme, although it has been cancelled and urged all those involved including the university authorities to support the programme. to restore the joy of being together and talking.
HITO has visited the residence of Umsning MLA, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh to wake him up and remind him not to listen or ignore the reservation policy of Umsning Constituency. The state has been divided between the Khasi and Garo.
Guwahati: Special DGP of Assam LR Bishnoi has been elected as the Director General of Police (DGP) of Meghalaya.
The rules of the Indian Olympic Association are that any state hosting the National Games must hold several test events nine months before the start of the National Games.
In Mumbai alone, 20 people have died in the past 24 hours.
R.Lyngkhoi scored the goals in the 65th and 69th minutes.
Regarding the issuance of Trading License, Ma W.Sungoh said that this cannot be done by the council alone but by the Dorbar Shnongs.
Congress youth leaders took to the streets to protest against the Land Act in Delhi today.
I understand that the joy of life makes the body young.
He said that in the past years, the governments have ignored the needs of the factory.
On the other hand, the MLA also appealed to the people of the state to cooperate in the fight against Covid-1
The Waheh Shnong of Dorbar Shnong Panaliar, Ma Riquoma Rq.Laloo, while talking to the media, invited everyone to attend the festival.
This was announced by the Information Secretary of the party.
The cleanliness drive also included the spraying of disinfectant around the public places.
And this stone shall fall upon all the kingdoms of the earth, which shall rise up against Jerusalem in that day of battle.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) through its various offices has continued to distribute food aid to the families of the victims of the curfew.
In the picture we have published a picture of Mrs. Ampareen and Mrs. Ebel Marinda War.
Speaking to reporters, the Secretary of Raid Kongthong, Bah Stogent Lynrah, in the presence of Bah Sylloklang Majaw, the Sordar and others, said that the incident occurred on 27th June nothing to do with anyone's religious activities.
He said that if the BSNL office at Ladweitang has employees, it should have sent them to repair and if the office does not have employees, it should have confirmed so that the public can know.
M Amarjeet Singh, Associate Professor at Jamia-Millia-Islamia, said that the North East has turned into a country where a lot of money has been wasted and spent on the development of the country. my name.
At the same time, he recalled that the Mawpoiñ Games were first introduced in 2010 and have been accepted as one of the sports at the North East Games 2022 in Shillong.
Ma Nehlang, who was also a Minister of State and used to hold the Mining Department, joined the party along with his supporters.
Besides the elephants, there are many other animals in this government forest such as various wild boars, shrieh, tngaw, wild boars, huleng, sier, klew, wild boar, and others.
He said that there are only 1397 shops with trading licenses in Jaintia Hills and they demanded that no more trading licenses should be issued to allow the villagers to start their own businesses.
He also urged that if there is any insult to any person, the people should not take the law into their own hands, but should prove it and hand over to the law. these people who have an evil thought that they are doing wrong.
The death toll from the disease has risen to
He said that the VC came here to NEHU only to enjoy the benefits he has received from the university and this shows that the current VC is not qualified to sit on the post as VC. The JAC has decided to continue the protest until the VC calls for talks and will continue until the demands of all the groups in the JAC are met. Naiwieng 13 : The Minister of State for Food Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs, Bah Comingone Ymbon on Monday urged the residents of the state to link their ration cards with Aadhar to avoid the persecution that may arise.
Kharkrang said that while the Prime Minister was on his way to the helicopter station at 7 mer Upper Shillong, a Mahindra Maxi Cab (ML-04A 3374) collided with a truck. The vehicle of the Prime Minister was hit and it was also on the side where the Prime Minister was sitting.
Welcome Teron, one of the Karbi elders from Umpanai, said that the proposal to return Block I to West Jaintia Hills is wrong.
Superintendent of Police East Jaintia Hills District, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, IPS, said that after receiving a tip-off regarding the attempt to smuggle people from Bangladesh, Umkiang PP and Ratacherra Infiltration Check Post Police immediately closed the area at Pyrtakuna and Kuliang villages. Police have arrested a man in the forest area of ​​Kuliang area and it is understood that he is familiar with the forest roads in these areas. He tried to find a vehicle to transport his men who were still hiding in the forest. When the police saw these actions, they arrested him. Police have arrested the suspect and seized a mobile phone and a knife from him and took him away. sha Umkiang PP. Through police investigation, the suspect has revealed his name and said that he is from Bangladesh. He has also confessed that he has been involved in many cases. He also claimed that he was the one who led many Bangladeshis who smuggled into the district through the forest roads from the nearby borders. “He is one of the suspects whom the police have targeted to arrest and the investigation is ongoing,” said the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District.
In this regard, the police have conducted an investigation and registered a case under case number 18(03)2018 u/s 376(2). )(j)(l)(n)/506 IPC.Jowai: The BSF under the leadership of DIG, DP Tokas, on Saturday opened a plate making factory for the the people of the border area, Umkiang.
“After two months of chatting, one day, my teacher asked me to repair her mobile and at that time, a phone came and it was what I remember best. I don't know if it's Sonam's number.
Sqay is a sport that originated in India. It has been included in the list of National Games along with Five other new events, including the above mentioned championship, have been organized by the Sqay Federation of India (SFI) to qualify teams from all over India to participate in the 37th National Games will be held in Goa in April
Such information should be disclosed publicly by the Right to Information and we should inform the media if we receive accurate information.
Through this meeting, the Rangbah Shnongs together with the leaders of Raid Nongtluh and RBDYSO, said that Umden area, deserves to be upgraded to C&RD Block, as it is an area which covers dozens of villages. and those who are far away, whether from Umling and Umsning C&RD Block.
We are afraid only of the police, we are not afraid of that disease because we cannot see it with our own eyes.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council Education Cell (HCC) has demanded that the Education Department of the State Government should completely cancel the Sociology Class XII textbook of the Indian School Certificate in Meghalaya. Manjir Gosh, an author of a book published by Kalyani Company, for misleading the students of this state under the jurisdiction of the ISC. I don't know about the Khasi people. I don't know why.
Tongsoh's knowledge frightened Jumreit because there were many who threatened to kill him.
It is to be recalled that the DC has issued an order on 1st July 2023 to implement the 'Odd-Even' from 5th July for commercial vehicles traveling from the court to Khyndailad. and to Motphran due to the heavy traffic jam in these areas.
Shillong received 5.8mm of rainfall, Sohra received no rainfall and Umiam received 4.2mm.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has expressed its disagreement with the statement of BJP President Ernest Mawrie that the bill introduced by the Assam government will curb the smuggling of cattle. Speaking to reporters, Kharjahrin said that to avoid the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh, the BSF should increase its patrols. The Border Security Forces (BSF), an army force led by BJP leader Amit Shah, have been in charge of the border areas. The BJP's failure is the first.
Bah BI Nongsiej, one of the leaders of the Union of Village Authorities of the area, said that after the contractor who constructed the PMGSY road from Umjaut to Mawrok, it was necessary to There is a need for another road from Mawdet to Langpih which should pass through Mawshad, Mawkhiat, Rynniaw Umyiap, Miangbyrkong and Langpih.
The father of the child said that when he came home he found that his son was not there and he was very worried and went to inform the Mendi Police Station. :30 pm he said he received a call from the kidnappers and they demanded up to T.50 lakh from him otherwise they would not release his son.
The club urges all those who wish to participate that the deadline for registration is until the 3rd of March.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills together with the KSU Jowai Circle have demanded from the state government to improve and repair all the buildings of the Government College, Jowai.
“Now on the part of the former MLA Bah SK Sun (Bam Kwai Ha Dwar u Blei) but unfortunately he passed away while he was constructing this bridge and it has stopped.
Jowai, Nailar 21: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Ummulong Unit today honored 9 students who passed the SSLC and HSSLC examinations as well as one student who completed the PHD examination. in the Education Department and also one winner in the 2nd Meghalaya Bodybuilding Championship, Under 5'4′′ category.
It was also seen that the employees of JHADC who stood from the doors and climbed to the roof of their office.
He said the project to build these CoEs will cost Rs 10 crore.
The polling will be held in 91 constituencies in 20 states.
She said that the JACATAM teachers have not demanded to take over the schools as planned by the state government in 2012 through the DSEO office. “The state government has affected the school authorities,” said JACATAM Publicity Secretary Babu Kular Khongjirem.
His blood ran down like boiling water.
There are three days on Black Monday.
New Delhi: The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 3.46 lakh today, the highest number in a single day.
RUSA is a central government scheme that provides support to government higher education institutions.
The committee, headed by the Chief Secretary, will also consider the approval of such officers.
The experts who gave the training included S.Phawa Assistant Professor Convener Career Counselling, Thomas Jones Synod College, TB Lyngdoh Assistant Lecturer (Political Science Department) and R Lapasam Assistant Professor (HoD Botany).
Then God will hear from heaven and heal Israel. God promises in His Word about it.
There are 30697 candidates for the HSSLC examination including 24867 candidates for Arts, 3615 candidates for Science, 2203 candidates for Commerce and 12 candidates for Vocational.
The data of the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) shows that there is a high success rate of 99.55% or more where Aadhaar is used for DBT. With account payments, the success rate is about 98%.
He said that during this rainy season, the landslide at Sonapyrdi Tunnel on National Highway 6 and the possible landslide on the NH 6 from Lumshnong to Malidor have severely affected the traffic. vehicles parked on this part of the road.
After a thorough discussion, the meeting decided that the MTD and SSMP informed that all five candidates have expressed their views and supported the proposal put before the to suspend the holding of Road Shows or Car Rally in 15-Mawlai Constituency.
“If he doesn't call the dorbar to discuss this, we will consider other ways,” she said.
The report also said that India is ninth out of 10 countries to qualify for the medal table; The USA took the top spot with 3 Gold, 2 Silver and 1 Bronze medals.
“The best distribution method now is Shini because it is sufficient even if the sellers charge more than the price written on the plastic up to 2 or 5 tyngka per kilo,” said a man from East Jaintia Hills. .
He said that the party used to hold the State Training Camp but due to the lack of work, only the District Training Camp has been held and such training will also be held in Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills.
She said that the white tit, which is called the Pylleiñ tit, is eaten every year without any effect, but she does not know the reason. this picture.
He said that the Kashari High Court has ruled that the action of the High Level Committee is inappropriate because there are no experts from outside the government but only government officials.
Transfats in these foods affect health and increase the risk of high cholesterol, triglycerides, heart fat among others.
Not only is this village very old but, perhaps, one of the oldest in Jaintia Hills and the elderly who are still alive in this village don't know how many years this village has been in existence.
I don't remember the party that Ganold fought for, although it will still be the HSPDP. At that meeting, many of the elders talked about donating money, drinking alcohol. , on the day of MLA voting and there were those who proposed voluntarily and when they counted, it came out more money and it came by slaughtering a pig, to eat, on polling day.
“I hope that through the new salary increase, government employees will provide adequate services to the people and the state,” he said.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) on Tuesday evening held a candlelight vigil. at the ground floor of the office at Congress Bhavan, Thana Road Shillong, to express our condolences to the four precious souls who lost their lives in the shooting death by the Assam Police on the morning of 22nd November Mukroh village, Laskeiñ Block, West Jaintia Hills District.
Also present at the ceremony were Eric Nongkynrih, Assistant Organizing Secretary, KSU Laitumkhrah Unit and KSU Nongthymmai Circle.
Ampareen said the department should study whether the drugs given to the patients are working or not because it may be that the drugs for the first wave are not working. The virus does not spread in the second wave.
The exhibition was conducted by Mr Vezwuso Phesao, Exhibition Officer, NEZCC, Dimapur together with his family members from Shilpagram, Guwahati.
Johnson Pohrmen President of the union in a telephone conversation said that this is a sign to the authorities to take action against the workers. The Council for their needs from food, health and especially as the time of the election season approaches.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 86807 and out of these 83997 have recovered and 1492 have died.
Kharkrang said that the police in the polling stations or the nearby security forces will ensure that there will be no fraud and insult to the people to complete the polling station. He said that the police will not forgive those who try to do wrong things. Even the politicians who try to force the police will punish them according to the law. said Bah Kharkrang, who said that the police will soon arrest those who have guns and take them to the police station so that there will be no exploitation in this election.
Speaking on the occasion and the theme, D.Sohtun, Chief Judicial Magistrate (CJM)-cum-Secretary, DLSA, South West Khasi Hills District, said some of the issues related to the celebration. that as the people we have to reduce the use of plastic because plastic these days has become more and more expensive while on the streets, streets and market places.
According to him, the BJP leader said only one thing, “Please do something so that the same Government will not come back to power again.
The truth is that God had foretold long ago and about this time that Jesus would enter Jerusalem as King of Israel.
Grace Harris has now been extended from her contract last season and has played in every match during the T20 World Cup. a player who is very talented in his cricket activities whether it is in the field of Kawang or tied bol.
Shillong: U Vice President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Donboklang Kharlyngdoh on Tuesday expressed his satisfaction to see that Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie has spoken in the Legislative Assembly to express his support for ILP. She also urged other Congress MLAs to support the motion of Bah Sawkmie in the Legislative Assembly and urged the 35 Khasi MLAs to support the motion. The party wants to introduce ILP in the state.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has submitted a petition to the Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, to open another government high school in the state in order to meet the demands of the time. students from year to year, which has put pressure on them to get into classes.
The RBYF leaders, after learning of all the reasons for the delay in the operation of the bank, have sent a letter to the authorities of the Meghalaya Rural Bank, urging them not to The Bank has appointed more staff to provide services to the people in need.
Hercules Toi in his speech urged the students to be brave to take part in any competition by removing the shyness because such events will help to showcase the talents of the students. , said Toi.
OM Roy Memorial School won the title (schools in the women's category) last year and St. Anthony's L.P. School in In the men's category, Shillong College won the first prize.
Kong Lumspah turned back to look and couldn't see anymore.
“Preparations have been made and now the union needs to get the NoC from the KHADC to hold a cow market in Byrnihat.
On Thursday, after receiving a complaint from the public regarding the shortage of doctors and the lack of proper work of doctors at Bhoibymbong CHC, the leaders met face to face with the Director Health Services (MI) at Bhoibymbong CHC. Leaders of KSU Mawkneng Unit and RBYF Mawkneng Unit including Bah W Shylla, Member of HNYF, Bah S Rynghang Finance Secretary, Bah B. Mu Khim President of KSU Mawkneng Unit.
“Except for the arrangement of villages in some places,” said the committee member.
Most of the speakers on the occasion, expressed their satisfaction for the fast, transparent and coordinated process with the village leaders.
Khliehriat, July 17: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has directed the Government Wholesalers in Lumshnong and Umkiang to distribute food items to those stranded in traffic jams. Wholesalers have started distributing food items such as water and biscuits, and also distributed food items to all those people who were stuck in the traffic jam on the National Highway-6 in Narpuh. .
Shillong: U Teinwell Dkhar, candidate of the Khasi Hills District Alliance (KHDA), today won the election for the new Speaker of the Khasi Hills District Council.
At 10:30 pm, when all the shops were expected to be open, the KHADC police who had gathered in front of the District Council came out and turned straight to Iewduh.
Jomison Shylla scored the first goal for Chutwakhu in the 10th minute.
The use of social media in these days is terrible and the people themselves see and judge from day to day what the MLAs in the Government are doing and doing, whether it is They work well or they work slowly just to improve their lives by distributing tin sop houses, distributing rain shatri, distributing shuki, distributing khiew to the villages.
“He was arrested in the army.
People who develop these diseases are the most miserable people and experience the saddest part of their lives to know that they are at the end of life.
It is to be recalled that East Jaintia Hills has been destroyed by the coal mining, but the San villages including Pynthorsale, Mukhaialong, Mutong, ChamCham and Lumshyrmit are still able to develop. preserve the nature and environment the mountains are still really so beautiful.
Teibor Ryntathiang scored three goals in the 11th, 18th and 28th minutes of the first half, while Halis Kharkongor scored one goal in the 78th minute and Wanraphun in the 86th minute. .
Dr Mukul said that many of the information that the researchers have not been able to collect due to the lack of written information.
When asked about the teachers' protest, Father Richard Majaw said that the teachers' continuous taking to the streets to demand their rights has affected the image of the sanctity of the teaching profession. they and the work they do.
“Since 13th June 1951, the people living and residing in this area have lived a miserable life especially being tortured by the Assam authorities and also by their group. From time to time, the armed groups have been harassing in the form of extortion, girls have been beaten or assaulted, some have been arrested without any reason, forced to to pay taxes on the land, the household and the household or the livestock, the discrimination against the people continues by depriving them of water, health, education, road and electricity,” said Nujorki.
Even his wife believes that he is an IB officer,” said Bah Syiem.
Another constable is said to be seriously injured.
He said that he himself went to campaign in the name of the Congress party, and 15 days before filing his nomination papers, he was still campaigning in the shap of his hand.
Bah Lumlang said that since 2019, the disease has been found to destroy the crops.
Thapa from Assam also fought against Abhinash Jamwal of Himachal Pradesh in the light welterweight category 60-63.5kg and won 4-3
Members of the two organizations who attended the meeting were AASU President Dipanka Kr.
It is on this basis that Bah Mawrie will explain and explain so that the people will not fall into these traps,” he said.
Unfortunately, there is no heritage of seeds in Khasiland.
Bob Marley is a singer who sings songs that spread the message of peace, love and unity around the world.
He said that while remembering this, we would like to remind the children of Ri-Bhoi, the Rangbah and the leaders that we cannot forget the great men who brought Ri-Bhoi District to this point. The District Demand Committee headed by Bah JD Rymbai as Chairman, Bah RR Makdoh as Secretary at that time who worked hard and we thank God for being the Prime Minister. On 4th July 1992, we received the full District.
Nongpoh, July 18: Several supporters of Mawhati MLA, Bah JK Dorphang, have expressed their surprise over the news in Rupang on July 16, 2014, which said, “The church has been destroyed. " of the Catholic Church in Sohliya, Raid Iapngar, Ri-Bhoi District.
Spain scored in extra time through Salma Paralluelo in the 111th minute to secure the victory.
On the other hand, the jhur vendors who spoke to Rupang said that the price of kubi has increased too much and they said that there has never been a case where the kubi has reached 50 rupees. I'm going to buy a kilo of coins now.
Speaking to reporters in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah at the State Central Library, Secretary of the Education Cell, Readyon S Nongrum, said that there are tens of thousands of members of the Kiang Nangbah Monastery. He said that today the KSU leaders will meet with the Principals of various colleges to send students to the rally to demand the inclusion of the Khasi language in the 8th grade. of the Constitution of India.
The competition is for Junior and Senior men and women and only 70 participants will be allowed.
On the incident on the 6th during the visit of Presidential candidate Draupadi Murmu, the South Shillong MLA said that it was an incident that he did not think of, but it was instigated by Bah Hek.
The law that the Sengbhalang has discussed with the government is that all foreigners from students, government employees, must have a permit according to their need to stay in the state.
The central theme of the state is “My Meghalaya, Tobacco Free Meghalaya”.
The 104th Convocation of Computer Training through the Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre, Shillong was held on the 4th of this month at the auditorium of the Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre, Shillong in the presence of Anindya Banerjee, writer. famous as Kongsan.
The state government has admitted that it has taken several measures against the police involved in the shooting death of former General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Bah Cherishstarfield Thangkhiew.
The KSU has asked who will take responsibility for these foreigners whether they have to undergo quarantine for 14 days/28 days before they go to work, or whether they go straight to the place. do they work? Besides, if they have to stay in quarantine, who will provide accommodation? The KSU said that even for the indigenous people who have come from other states of India, the Government has made it clear that it cannot provide all the quarantine centres, but it has to take them together. The Dorbar Shnong shall be responsible for the Hima.
Because of the threat to the victim, nothing was announced publicly.
Before becoming the leader, Kiang wanted to ask for an answer from the gods and kings whether they would approve or not to become the leader of the whole Ri Khad-Ar Dolloi.
No public marches or public meetings will be allowed after the counting of votes, the statement said.
He said that the EC as a whole expresses its regret over the government's failure to release the money, which is the share of the KHADC allocated through the 15th Finance Commission of the central government. .
In the past, before the Rot, the Wasan including the Langdoh, Sangot, Maji, Kitkhoh and others gave Pyrnah (kiad in the klong) to various villages known as the children who live in the land of Seinraij Tuber.
Sanmer SC beat Mawkriah West 3-1
Shillong: The NHIDCL has decided to call another tender for the construction of the Shillong-Dawki road.
The stone has almost collapsed at the site near Weiking Square and the entire cemetery could collapse at any time, especially at such times. jur slap.
The accident happened at Songsak area in East Garo Hills between 2 and 3 pm.
Who can help.
The new Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad, has failed to approve the Village Administration Bill (VAB) of the KHADC, through his recent undated reply, which has amended the Village Administration Bill (VAB). The Bill was sent to him on the basis of a letter from Ajay Kanoujia, Director NE-II, Ministry of Home Affairs, Delhi, which was full of errors.
There are 10 school children in the village and two teachers who have passed the DIET examination have taught them. about 7km.
At the time of writing, it is not known whether the trading will start today, as the internet shutdown continues, at the time of writing.
This morning, armed militants set fire to an MTC bus (Ml-03 0197) after abducting 30 residents of Nengsawakse near Bajengdoba in North Garo Hills district.
The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) has postponed the U-10 Boys Football League 2023 for two days.
agree with their statement.
“I have seen that in the past years, there have been many bills that are very important in our council but it is sad to say that as soon as they reach the Secretariat, our bills have been passed. They have turned their bills because nobody has paid attention to our bills.
They demanded that the government should set up journalists' offices or Media Centers in all the district headquarters to facilitate the journalists working in different districts.
He was also involved with Lajong in winning their first SPL title in
However, this is not true. The Ministry of Agriculture has stopped the distribution of this fertilizer after receiving a directive from the state government after it was found that the chemical fertilizers are harmful to the health.
“The continuation of this drama can lead to unknown incidents, and if our reservation policy is killed, it is up to us to take responsibility.
Shillong: The Joint Coordination Committee of Commercial Vehicles (JCCCV) today demanded from the Minister of Transport and Traffic, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar to establish a working methodology for the government. in Sikkim, and other states, to prevent foreign vehicles from transporting and transporting tourists to the rules and regulations of the state.
I take the initiative to listen to your concerns because I put health as part of my service to you people because if you have good health that is the greatest wealth in people's lives”.
Speaking to reporters, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, said that the three ADCs have discussed the issue of their budget. “We urge the State Government to provide us with the exact figures regarding this revenue share that we are entitled to receive,” said Bah Titos.
MLAs from Jaintia Hills including UDP and NPP MLAs have requested the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to hold a festival in Jowai to promote tourism and sap the phong of the youth of the area.
The teams will play at the Indira Gandhi Athletic Stadium in Guwahati.
Nongstoiñ, June 20: “The punishment for the murder of Daritngen Syiem Shangoi should be life imprisonment” said tens of thousands of people at a rally organized by the Dorbar Shnong. Pyndengrei to punish the murderer of a young woman from Siejlieh village whose body was found in the shyiap of Wah Umpniang near Nongpathar Stadium Pyndengrei. West Khasi Hills District has been in existence for the past few months.
The only thing that made her sad was that the picture of Bah in the shop looked like she had seen him last night.
He also expressed the hard work of the Principals of these colleges who have thoroughly considered before taking the decision to accept the FYUP Scheme.
He said that per month he can produce up to 700 kilos and if counted at the price of 200 tyngka per kilo, he can earn 100,000 tyngka per month and 10 months from tit. he earned up to four lakh fifty pieces of silver.
The Special Campaign Dates on which the BLOS will be held at the Polling Stations are 18 and 19 November 2022 (1st Round) and 25 & 26 November 2022 (2nd Round).
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA, Bah Victor Rani, MDC together with government officials and elders, today laid the foundation stone for the construction of a road in Umdoh 18mer and Maikhuli villages. which is one of the border villages in Ri Bhoi.
Heavy rains in Khasi Jaintia and Garo Hills have caused heavy damage to buildings, flooding of farmland and loss of lives.
He has a tattoo on his neck and wears a blue jacket.
“But now I have returned to the party to support and lead the party now and it has been difficult for me to leave the party now, but I respect the decision of my brothers and I hope that my brothers will also respect my decision"he added.
The DC announced the ban on smoking in public places at a meeting of the National Tobacco Control Program (COTPA) held today in the presence of senior officials. The meeting was held on the occasion of the issuance of an order by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in July 2008 banning the smoking of cigarettes in public places.
He said that this has been approved by the Constituent Assembly and for this reason the Sixth Scheduled has been included in the Constitution of India, to allow the Indigenous Peoples to live freely according to their culture, faith and their feelings.
The earthquake measured 2.7 on the Richter scale and its epicenter was 5 km near Mawlong village at latitude 25.62 North and Longitude 91.98 East.
Thousands of crores of rupees have not reached the government because it is the people of the government who have lost.
With this victory, both the teams are at the top of their groups with two wins from two matches.
Through the joining of Samla Sunshine Makri, who is also planning to contest the Assembly elections, to the UDP party along with thousands of supporters, the UDP party in Umsning has strengthened the party which has a strong hope. to win the elections in
The Meghalaya High Court has directed the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to investigate the shooting death of one of the leaders of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) in You have claimed that it was a fake encounter.
The meeting was attended by officials from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare from Meghalaya, Assam, Manipur, Mizoram and Nagaland.
“He said that this project will greatly alleviate the suffering of the people who use the road from Umshyrpi to 7Mer every day.
The village secretary was Waheh Tellme Dong and the secretary was Waheh Charling Syrti.
Professor Streamlet Dkhar, former Dean, School of Humanities NEHU and Bakhianmon Rynjah, Associate Professor Sankardev College Shillong were present on the occasion.
Even as the New Year 2023 begins, these acts of violence have taken place in Narayanpur district in Chhattisgarh.
King, who is from Georgia, said it is a warm place and he feels comfortable sitting naked.
When asked why we can't buy fish from Assam, Bah Nongbri said, “We don't get fish from Assam”.
The initiative to hold this health camp came through Rev. WC Khongwir of Jaiaw Presbyterian Church and also from the Life Members of Indian Red Cross Society, Meghalaya State Branch.
Speaking to reporters, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has stated that the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security (Amendment) Bill, 2020 is in conflict with the The purpose of this Bill is to establish check posts or Facilitation Centres.
The Minister congratulated the Meghalaya Enterprise Architecture for being able to improve the services of the government to the people in accordance with this modern technology.
De Silva said she now has a head injury and is undergoing treatment and will take legal action against her.
The Coke Factory has affected the health of the pedestrians and the residents of the neighboring villages, said the KSU. The DC promised to talk to the authorities or to the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board to take action according to the rules and regulations.
He said that the reason for the demand for a public election for the post of Secretary Shnong is after the Acting Secretary Bah B Ora in 2013 decided to change the rules of conduct of elections in the Dorbar Shnong by allowing only Groups of 24-25 Executive Members of the Dorbar to participate in the election of the Secretary and other members of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar.
“In the past years, people and sports fans have entered and left without any barrier but the construction of a gate at the barrier means that there has been a disturbance in the peace and order,” he said. Mr. Bindo.
Meanwhile, Sai, 59, has close ties to the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh and former Prime Minister Raman Singh, who led the BJP for many years in Chhattisgarh.
Does such a government which stingy and ignores the demands of the people for peace and order have the right to continue the government as they have already won to rule again after the 2023 election? ,Does the people want to give back such rulers who don't care about the will of the people? These are also the issues that the people need to know so that they can ask what is right and what is wrong before the 2023 election.
There was a plan to contest John Kharbuli instead of Antonio.
When asked about the recent collapse of the building of the SSA school, the residents said that the reason for the incident was due to the lack of attention of the state government to reach an agreement with Assam. They also said that this is one of the clear signs that Assam is taking advantage of Meghalaya's independence.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong said that the village authority has already written to the department since 2015 but the department has not responded to their complaint.
The office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Election), Amlarem Sub-Division, Amlarem, today, 25th July, 2024, celebrated the theme, where Dr. Abhiskek Saini, IAS, SDO ( Election) you will be the Chief Guest in this programme.
In the men's category, Nathaniel Kharbhih (K Mandals) and Caroline Kharpuri (Sporting Spirit) won the individual awards. in the case of women.
After the success of Pathaan, the second part of the film will be shot and released next year or in
When inquiring, the reporter, on this occasion, said that these dams which are above the jhur basa or sohsaw square as it is known to the public, belong to private individuals who have built the dams.
The Land and Forest Owners Association, East Jaintia Hills has also decided to support Star Cement and at the same time urged its management to create more job opportunities for the people of Star Cement. we especially the educated youth and also to bring about development projects.
She also alleged that the Government has not yet formulated a policy for the workers and it is this service to the workers for two decades that has led her to enter the political arena by establishment of KAM for the purpose of clean governance.
It was also decided that if the strike does not work, they will do so without setting a deadline.
According to the complaint, the two women, Jasinta Nongkseh and Tresina Lyngdoh Marshillong from New Nongstoin, kidnapped her 14-year-old daughter. on the evening of 6th November 2017 at 2:00pm.
Speaking to the tens of thousands of people, Ma Dasakhiat Lamare, who gathered at the meeting of Mawhati, Mawhati on Tuesday, said that although he is still the only candidate, However, he has been able to do many things from the construction of football grounds, roads and other works for the benefit of the people of Mawhati Constituency.
The installment has already been released by the Central Government and the work has been handed over to EPI Engineering Project India Limited.
The polling stations visited by the General Observer include 21-Diwon Polling Station, 2-Umrang Nongbah Polling Station and 26-Bleishah Polling Station in Nongpoh Constituency.
India encourages community action to control wildfires, relying on community power to resolve wildfires immediately.
Block Development Officer, Khliehriat C&RD Block, Bah M Mawkon was the chief guest.
Jowai, June 06: The Waheh Dong of Barato-A West Jaintia Hills District today expressed its gratitude and congratulations to the Waheh Dong of Barato-A for the smooth running of the 20th Synod. ) of the KJP Eastern Synod held at the Presbyterian Church, Barato Mynso Presbytery, this year
Curfew for Shella Police Station including Tyllap OP and Bholaganj PCP, curfew has been lifted from 8 am to 2 pm on 5th October 2020 until further notice. even.
The Zee News Matrize puts the BJP at 29 to 36 and the Left at 13 to
Sangma also praised the Gorkha Training Center and the Assam Regiment Center for encouraging the retired soldiers by helping them to get their pensions so that the retired soldiers can do not face any difficulty in receiving their pensions.
“On behalf of the youth organization, we urge these families who are facing this problem that through this program they can help them,” said Bah Daniel.
About 60 NPP leaders have joined the TMC to support Dr Mukul Sangma in the upcoming elections.
Shillong, July 07: The BJP West Shillong Mandal on Saturday held a rally in Mawbah as part of the campaign to explain the dangers of drugs and the policies of the party. drugs have been banned from the state.
The land owners of Mairang area who have already signed with the state government for the Project Climate Adaptive Community Based Water Harvesting Structure, on 17th July 2024, have demanded that the government should distribute the water harvesting structure. working in small batches so that small contractors from this area can get jobs.
He requested the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to open the border market in the area and to release the challans for the trade of coal and mining as he has already submitted the demands to the Chief Minister. .
Others like Tarabari and Gizang sector are the only adjacent areas that Assam has taken over.
“The budget for public transportation is already available, government departments should inform the newspapers, not just one newspaper but all, who will read only one newspaper, inform through the walls, the Newspapers and public notices to all the villages otherwise who would know that there are government schemes,” said Bah Sanbor.
What are those, difficult times? The Apostle Paul said, “For men shall be lovers of themselves”.
But unfortunately, there are those who do.
He said that as a group under the umbrella of the Joint Action Committee against Casinos, they have expressed their concern over the government's decision to make Ri-Bhoi an empty market instead of bringing other ideas to development of youth such as Government Colleges, Medical Colleges, Training Centers for the welfare of those youths who have become addicted to alcohol, Training Centers on Various activities to improve the youth in Ri-Bhoi District which has progressed in development and has become known as an Aspirational District.
Lamare said that Myntdu and Kupli are also affected by the coal, and the death of fish is only once and the water does not change color in these rivers.
On this occasion, Bah Renikton LT Tongkhar MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency was the chief guest in the presence of Pa Im Niandro Syiemiong, Syiem of Maharam Hima, Bah LT Tariang ADC, Dr. KK Nongsiej, Principal of Sngap Syiem College, President KSU South West Khasi Hills District, KSU South West Khasi Hills District, other members of the KSU and the elders of the area together with the owners of the land where the building was built. or the memory of King Sngap Singh.
Agnes can now meet people between 10 am and 1 pm.
Up to 123 candidates will contest the MDC elections in KHADC including 12 women, 89 candidates in JHADC including two women.
Standbyme Sari who is the Auditor of Mukhla.
More than 400 members of the HNYM with flags and placards gathered in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah on Friday to demand that the government should create opportunities for the youth. Before they marched to the Secretariat, the police who were on high alert blocked their way.
Once again, not only the electricity thieves are requested to stop this illegal activity, but also all the electricity consumers in urban and rural areas to send their electricity meters to those who know the meters and repair them. .
Methodius Dkhar MLA Mashynrut was the chief guest and the SDSEO of West Khasi Hills was the chief guest.
Shillong, March 31: The All Meghalaya Dancer Association (ADA) has concluded the West Khasi Hills Got Talent Competition in the presence of more than 700 spectators.
Shillong: Shillong Police on Saturday arrested four persons in connection with a riot in Laitumkhrah on Friday night.
Shillong: The Kongthong Youth Club on Tuesday launched the Open To All Knock Out Football Tournament 2021 at Mawkalam Kongthong Stadium in the presence of the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) U Bah Titostarwell Chyne who is also the MDC of the constituency.
The MLAs also demanded Rs 500 crore to be allocated as assistance to the victims of the bloodshed.
He said that if MeECL is willing to implement the transformer in the village, it will be a great blessing especially for the school children who are the future of the country and the nation. .
Therefore, they have always talked to their own parties,” he said, adding that they have not expressed any opposition to the MoU. The states have talked about this only to show off but they are not willing to stand against the MoU signed with Assam.
This happened in 2012.
The Seng also urged the village officials not to be blind without thinking and without knowing the facts as the elders should think carefully before taking any decision because it may affect the people. he is not good.
And he’s still working 50 years later.
Is it because of the following reasons: Has the wisdom of strength not taken root in our minds or souls to have unity in the family and so on in the responsibility of society?
Rahul during his election campaign last month said he had been criticized during his visit to Bundelkhand in
If we turn back to the language we speak, this also shows that we are one nation because the language we speak is from the same ancestor. from the same Austro-Asiatic language within the Mon-Khmer branch.
The incident happened when she was only 13 years old in 2007, but she is still willing to tell what happened after the father came to attack her again at her residence. which is farther away from the city.
The Sengbhalangs stir up only when the light is still standing and the crowds are stirring, the soldiers are tyllep, the crowds are stirring up, the people are stirring up, the rang-li juki are stirring up, the children are stirring up. binong bishon are lynga ki pisa, thousands of thousands are thrown into prison, the rich and the poor are safe in their streets, the government is in charge and guards, the traders are rich, they are poor. Religious people pray and rely on outside forces, religious people ask and compare themselves, intellectuals seek reasons and create ways to provide for the needs of society.
The Minister of Food Processing, Harsimrat Kaur Badal, was also present at the exhibition in Paris.
Not only that, but the company that operates the mining project, Lafarge, is operating with an expired license.
The seven men and women were Eleven Dkhar Athletic who won gold, silver and bronze medals, Bhalang Shadap Boxing who won gold medals, Damewankio Suiam Cyclists who won silver medals and Nicolast Syrti Cyclists who won silver medals. Nelson Rymbai Football won the silver medal, Shining Lamurong won the silver medal and Fivestar Bareh won the bronze medal.
RKM 680.8, Sohra 673.6, Mawkyrwat 360.0, Khliehriat 280.0, Jowai 186.2, Shillong 46.1, Tikrikilla 23.6, Nongstoin 112.0, Williamnagar 62.2 Tura 75, Bagh .5.
“Our Christians want us to praise them by saying, “All Khasi Christians are good and righteous, they will all go to heaven...unlike other religions and other nations.
The District authorities of West Khasi Hills on Tuesday held a meeting to investigate and the police department will take up a Sou Moto case. this is the case.
Shillong, November 2: The Rwiang River at Rwiang village, about 17 kilometers from Nongstoin, Mawshynrut Constituency, has turned red.
On the other hand, the union has decided to meet with various government departments, so that they can expedite the work of the Khasi Pnar community, in relation to these two issues.
She said that the President of the KSU, Bah Lambok S.Marngar, said that the KSU cannot say anything on the incident ha Shohshrieh because it has not yet seen a clear picture of the incident. Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma were arrested.
The MDA Government led by the NPP (NPP, UDP, PDF, HSPD, KHNAM, NCP, BJP and IND) is ready to bring a resolution in the Assembly to announce the implementation of the ILP. The ruling parties should clarify whether the KHADC and JHADC authorities are ready to bring a resolution on the IOA & AA. The MDA is ready to bring a resolution on the IOA & AA instead of saying that the Government of India does not agree to talk.
It has destroyed the fields of the farmers, it has entered and destroyed the drinking water wells of many churches, it has destroyed the streams and rivers of the entire area.
It is from your vote that I have been able to allocate up to Rs 3 crore for the construction of schools around the country and also the stadium of Rs 8 crore in Lawsohtun among others.
On the issue of CEM, a source said that besides some powerful members of the Congress who want to remove Bah Pynshngain as CEM, there are also some who support him. to keep the guy in the seat he has.
“It is sad to say that these two Councils under the Planning Department have become those who steal the money of the people and delay the government's plan,” said Bah Roy.
Meanwhile, government vehicles do not require payment.
They went to Phodlonglom for a while.
The Seng demands that the authorities should be strict in relation to the transportation of goods through this bridge and not allow any vehicles carrying goods exceeding 9 metric tonnes.
Police immediately rushed to the scene and in collaboration with the Assam Police, they were rescued.
“Hep, I am very happy that you have come out like this, I believe in you too.
Dozens of churches, places of worship, houses, schools and schools were also burnt down, until the police and army joined hands, because they used guns and their weapons, to commit these murders, according to articles circulated in newspapers and social media, internet and confirmed.
Hek urged the contractor to complete the work on time and should be rewarded and if he cannot complete the work on time, he should be fined. both sides shall not be divided.
Therefore, the Government authorities should also take action to punish those who violate the Indian Forest Act, 1927, the Environment Protection Act, , The Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974, The Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981, The Factories (Pollution and Pesticides) Act, 1948 and other Acts.
At this meeting, the group of Bah Wanseng also handed over a letter to the Paiem and through this letter they expressed their strong opposition to the forced election of Rangbah Shnong. the election, not the election.
We also request the state government to take action to resolve the problems in the education sector especially the schools and colleges to improve them, to pay the salaries of the teachers of schools and colleges so that the quality of education Zikku Balgra N Marak President of GSU said in a statement that the GSU encourages those who have not passed this examination to work hard and diligently. studies so that they pass well next year.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle today held a meeting with the landowners of Huroi who have been affected by the damage to their crops. The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills, has met with the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills, to discuss the refusal of the company to pay the fee. Compensation) to the land owners who have damaged their crops during the implementation of this project.
Parents and students, if you don't recognize the corruption of Conrad Sangma and IL Rymbui, the Pule Dangle will be destroyed.
Regarding the role of education, Babu Staising urged the students not to say that they are rural children but to set goals and be successful with purposes in life. so that they can achieve their goals in life.
The children of Israel trust the house of Joshua, the house of (L)Purno is like the house of Joshua because the Garo people trust and love the house. Then God chose Conrad K Sangma as King David when he was a child he was king of Israel to lead the nation of Israel. Conrad as a young man to hold the post of Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
Shillong: There have been 11 new cases of Covid-19 in the state so far this morning.
It is to be recalled that Kong Siyoda has moved in with her children in the Sub Center due to her lack of rights and the non-implementation of the Centre.
Dr Kalam was rushed to Bethany Hospital and placed in the ICU. “The President arrived at the hospital as if he had already died.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 21: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has confirmed the new office bearers of the KSU Pahamlapong and Pahamsohthri units to continue the tradition of service of the KSU.
Meghalaya Government Construction Corporation Ltd has been appointed by PMC (Project Management Consultant) and M/s Hindustan Steelworks Construction Ltd. I have a hand in making this place as it is today.
In a meeting with the village officials of the area, they said that they have to accept according to the problems faced by the land owners against the Bangladeshis such as theft, destruction of residential property and others. a thief.
Do you want shisha from the heart or from the page??.
Now my mother has a new husband and we don't have much trouble anymore.
Samla Tony Shylla, General Secretary Nongpoh Circle, said that earlier, the members of the union from the village, had already sent a letter to the Forest Department, but the Forest Department did not take action. go and destroy these trees.
The Minister of Civil Defense and Home Guards said that the department has also served the community by training Home Guard volunteers and conducting training on the subject of Civil Defence. including providing protection in the event of a disaster.
Besides, he has also been the leader of the district, presbytery, synod and PCI.
He said that the Union had earlier sent a petition demanding the removal of these 10 villages from the Nongpoh Town Committee. .
He called for cooperation by issuing petitions and demands to urge the State Government to urge the Central Government to recognize and include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India. .
I am pleased that the North East Olympic Games have been a success and I would like to thank the residents, because it is through the support and encouragement of the people that this tournament has been a success. “It is the beginning of our youth to progress,” he said.
The distance of our Earth from the Sun is 100,000 miles.
[ba bteng]When she was shot, Rida had to pray to her mother.
Shillong, Lber 27: Amidst a clash between Bah Michael Pakyntein and South Shillong MLA Paul Lyngdoh, the allegation that the MLA has misused the MLA scheme has been raised. which amounted to T.1 crore.
On the same issue, Pangniang said that today he met with the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of the Municipal area. The Rangbah Shnongs have agreed to go together with the KHADC authorities to meet with the government and demand that the government should pass the Bill, after they have prepared it.
Nadda said this on his Twitter account and said he is currently under quarantine at home.
Former Meghalaya BJP president Ernest Mawrie said, “My term of office has come to an end and this presidential election is in Meghalaya, Nagaland and Puducherry.
Isn't this a secret intention to auction or sell this factory which has been established since we were in Assam ? First starve the workers and their children and give the reason that there is no money, that the saipan is empty enough to make great, to make rich the leaders and those whom we have elected to rule righteously. , on the beat.
Similarly, Kong T Lyngdoh from Mawtari said that the government has been visiting the houses of the people in the village from time to time and when asked why, the answer is that the government has sent them.
Therefore, the Cabinet Sub Committee does not need to come to Shillong.
The Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 (CAB) is a Bill that aims to grant citizenship to non-Muslim religious minorities from Bangladesh, Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Tell me if tomorrow, 200 people come to your house, if you don't have the knowledge, you can't fix it but I who have the knowledge, I can do it,” said Hek.
Shillong: There have been 101 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills today, including 58 cases from East Khasi Hills including 21 cases from Armed Forces, 1 case from Baniun Cluster and 2 cases from Baniun Cluster. Bara Bazar Cluster, 1 case from Demseiniong Cluster, 2 cases from Golflink Cluster, 11 cases from High Risk, 1 case from Jhalupara Cluster, 3 cases from Laban Cluster, 1 case from Lumpynngad Cluster, 2 cases from Madanryting Cluster, 1 case from Mawpat Cluster, Mawprem Cluster, one from Nongmynsong Cluster, two from Nongrah Cluster, five from Nongthymmai Cluster, one Policeman and two Returnees.
It was also decided to hold the Hima Dorbar every year not in Shillong but in other places under the Hima Mylliem.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Garo Hills, Vibhor Aggarwal has issued a warning to shopkeepers, vendors and shopkeepers in the district who do not accept the 10 tyngka notes issued by the Reserve Bank of India. India.
He said that after three years in Russia, he was able to travel to Siberia, Paris and finally New York.
The ruling TMC and the opposition ISF have joined hands over the Bhangar incident.
He urged that as party workers and supporters, what is needed now is that when working, they should work with love, dedication and stand firm on the foundation so that others can have confidence. .
Speaking to media after the meeting, the General Secretary of the party, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh said, “As the party, we have taken this issue seriously because not only other groups want to to review the Reservation Policy.
We would like to thank the people who have sent us a picture of this road in Mawlaingut for giving us the opportunity to show how this road has been constructed with public money.
Two others were seriously injured in the incident, as they were in a house near the chicken coop, where they were still in the middle of the Pyrthat bomb. you are being treated.
The Deputy Commissioner also requested all the residents, market residents, market committees and the Municipal Board to take part in this program (Cleaning Drive).
“It’s up to the police.
He was welcomed by family members, party members and friends.
In this regard, you are requested to increase the number of forms and extend the deadline for submission of forms.
On the other hand, she said that due to the high demand for the use of chemical fertilizers such as urea, although the government had decided to stop the use of chemical fertilizers, in November last year, the state government had written to the The Government of India has released about 3,000 metric tonnes of urea fertilizer.
The fourth goal of the match was scored by Yuletide Langbang (77') of Khimusniang.
By 2028, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) will celebrate its 50th anniversary and it can be said that it has been 30 or 35 years old. is a struggle and protest against the mining of uranium from Hynniewtrep.
The name Bhoi also does not carry a pleasant meaning – when translated it means Bunbuit, Hangamei, Op and Ingkhong.
The greatest miracle that Jesus performed was that he stood up to protect Samaritan women in an age and society that treated women with contempt.
The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) has not yet decided whom it will support, although it has about three to seven votes in the election.
Nongpoh: The family of a 15-year-old girl has lodged a complaint against Bah Rulius Lapang, of Umjarasi village in Ri Bhoi district, for allegedly raping her.
He said that in the past few days, the union has visited Ratachera to inspect, but it has been found that the road is deteriorating gradually with the passing of the days and this shows the false promises of the NHAI. Regarding the NHAI's mismanagement, the government has also created a walkway on the road and there is no space left for the people.
The program was held at the office of the Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12 Daloi in Thadmuthlong.
On the part of all the teachers, Bah Tyrchain Phawa and Suparna Choudhury congratulated all the students and encouraged them to continue their studies in IT. Rynjah.
Infection with Skaiñ Pyrjong can cause fever, chills, fever and other symptoms of illness, including illness if severe.
Once the Aadhaar has been updated in the scheme's database, the beneficiary does not need to update the account number due to a change in location or change in bank account number.
The police who were guarding the MLA, pulled the elderly man from the top of the hill.
Why Prof.Kma has decided to stand up is because his soul cannot bear to see the people and the state is in the midst of poverty and backwardness, although he himself, his family has been able to stand as a teacher. university, but what will the future generations say if he cannot contribute to society.
Dkhar said that the union has lodged a complaint with the DC not to allow those vendors to sell on the streets during the Puja. serious time.
The family of Kong Anita Sing Rumnong said that 10 persons had entered the house from the wrong exit for the sake of the public and caused trouble on the 1st of June before leaving until they left. The hand of a doctor was cut off and the sisters of the hospital went to inform Dr. N.Wanswet, the Medical Superintendent and to prevent the tragic incident, the doctor had to send police. The police also saw the incident.
“Bah Embhah and his groups will be the sons of the NPP and we will work hard to win Bah Teiborlang Pathaw in Mawlai Constituency,” he said.
He said that the participation of the District Councils is necessary and according to the Land Acquisition Act, any land which falls under the Scheduled Area must obtain the consent and NOC from the Autonomous District Councils.
Among those who lost their tickets are former UDP MDCs who joined the Congress, Rasor Rani (Mairang), Fabian Lyngdoh (Umroi), Artis Rani (Jirang) and Otril Pamshong (Mawhati).
“I too have been possessed by a demon but I have not died, and I have met face to face with the demon in Mawsynram in the past years,” said Father Sngi. The cow and the goat to kill me, but they became ill when they ate the meat.
Diesel was rushed to the Royal London Hospital for treatment.
It is understood that the reason why the DM of Ri Bhoi, has imposed a curfew in these areas, is to prevent the spread of Corona Virus, as these villages are located nearby and of Assam.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: The FKJGP Nongthym Mai Circle has strongly condemned the registration of foreigners in the Dorbar Shnong of Madanrting.
According to reports, the parents of a man are said to be awaiting the homecoming of their son who was on a vessel with ties to Israel and which was seized upon arrival in parts in the Gulf region.
Recently, the Speaker of the House, Thomas Sangma, said that the Assembly will use artificial intelligence in this session.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the resignation of the party will not affect the future of the party. The party will use them for other purposes and also will give them more time to meet the people of the constituencies besides the duties for which the party will use them.
Speaking as the chief guest, he praised the Sohkha Mission Village for its efforts to encourage the students to work hard to pass the examinations.
Both the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya have already signed these documents,” said Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma.
The suspect has been charged under the NDPS Act.
But this suk-i saiñ is not the end of the day.
Shillong, Jymmang, 11: After alleged Hindu extremist groups gave 15 days to the school authorities of Christian schools in Assam to remove the statues of Jesus and Missionary schools in Tripura have met with the district authorities to provide protection against the group of people who They identified themselves as members of the Hindu Jagran Manch and Sanatani Dharma and demanded that Saraswati Puja should be held in Christian schools on the 14th of this month.
Shillong, Nailur 17: After Ibansara Mawrie, 27, resident of Rynjah, Shillong, went missing from her home on 10th November, her mother Ioana Mawrie and her relatives have been arrested. They searched all over the place even to Mawlai Mawroh forest, but could not find her until the morning of May when police found her body in a river behind the ITI. Rynjah.
“I also hope that the Congress government will come to power again in
Shillong, Nailar 7: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, on Tuesday announced that it is no longer allowed to keep birds at home or to keep them in the market. The High Court of Gujarat in 2010 and the High Court of Delhi in 2015 banned the capture of birds in violation of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972 and the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act,
He said that one of the reasons for not calling for talks is for the benefit of the government, because it is for this reason that they have won a lot in this election, in which they have misused the issue. roster system'.
According to the state government, in East Khasi Hills, the turnover of employees has reached 91.5 percent while the number of central government employees is lower.
For the post of Followers, he said, it has been taken from 18 years to 27+5 years, this post is also up to 32 years.
During the football matches between the school team and the village team, the members of the church shouted, praised and encouraged the players of the school team, and insulted the players of the school team. team village.
Shylla said that if the ILP is implemented, many youths will get jobs, where there will be gates at the entry and exit points and in other areas.
Shillong: Nangkiew Irat SC beat Sawmer SC 2-1 in the second match of the Shillong Premier League 2023 at the SSA Stadium, Polo on Saturday.
The incidents in the past few days which have shaken the government and the state itself will inevitably affect the NPP-led MDA government as these incidents have been caused by natural forces.
Speaking to media, the party President Metbah Lyngdoh and General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that as they are working with the HSPDP under the umbrella of the Regional Democratic Party (HSPDP), The Alliance (RDA) has also opened the door for the Voice of the People Party (VPP) to join the party.
“I am very happy and I have never been as happy as I have been from the words of Bah Ardent who said that at that time I was still I am happy that under the arrangement of God I went to preach and during that preaching I got the strength to pray and one of the most special prayers I went was to Bah Ardent and “It's better than this, the same person I went to pray for when he was sick is here,” said Bah HS Shylla.
ST Morcha President Thomas Marak also launched the Vocal for Local program as part of the Gaon Chalo Abhiyan to reach all the villages in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Johnyfast Lakhiat said that during the inspection, they found rnga collected in the factory in the name of Khasi children to illegally sell rnga.
Before unveiling the flag, he also gave a speech of congratulations to the Seng Khasi Nonglang for holding this shad ka kmen without any interruption and it went smoothly.
SHILLONG: U Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma together with his Ministers distributed checks to the beneficiaries of the Rejuvenation and FOCUS Scheme. Magic Cook is located on Lukiar Road Shillong.
Of these 125 cases, 93 cases are from East Khasi Hills including 37 cases from Armed Forces and 56 cases from civilians, 17 cases from Ri Bhoi, 8 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 3 cases from South. Garo Hills, 2 cases from South West Garo Hills, 1 case from West Garo Hills and 1 case from East Garo Hills.
According to Bah Kharkrang, the police have found that crime is rampant due to the drunkenness of children and youth especially in public places which affects the dignity of the people and this has affected and changed the mindset. to the tourists when they come to this place.
They said that there are some contractors who have not cleaned the road as the government has allocated four meters wide, but the cleaning has not reached four meters.
As part of the activities to promote traditional arts across the country, Smt Sandhya Purecha, Chairman Sangeet Natak Akademi has visited the traditional groups from the villages to see the activities to promote their traditional arts.
Dr Patricia Shylla, Medical Officer in charge of the Blood Bank, Jowai, gave a speech on the occasion. Kyllimot Lhuid and Ram Sumer's welcome speech.
But she went unto him in faith, and said unto him, Though I fear not God, nor regard man; fulfill her righteous judgment.
I also oppose the implementation of the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill
Shillong: The Archdiocese of Shillong on Saturday held a ceremony to consecrate the Lyng doh Sohblei of the three Deacons at the Mane Bah. Mary the Helper of Christians.
May 1948 was the Nakba or the darkest day for the Palestinians because of the destruction, destruction of lives, destruction of land, homes, property and displacement. and they came to the land of Israel.
The KSU expects that the police investigation will be fair to give a fair trial to this woman and her relatives.
Besides, the owners of the film were shocked because the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the state government came to see the film as a public figure, without having to inform the owners of the film.
Tomar was arrested at 10:30 pm by the South District Police.
NEHUSU and KSU NEHU Unit have demanded that the Vice Chancellor should remove all the posts held by Nantu Das while the police investigation is ongoing after the relatives of the victim Nantu Das lodged a complaint with the police.
What is your name? = ad name or chu mi ra? Have you finished eating? = bang or lyh?.
“All the same, it is we who explain to the party leaders about the party's policies.
DP Wahlang said that the state education department will have to forgive the school fees of the children whose parents are low income including those who are day laborers.
Speaking as the chief guest, Kyrmen Shylla, Minister in charge of Social Welfare, said that the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has publicly announced the CM- CAREs scheme (Comfort, Assistance, Respect and Empowerment), which provides financial support to the elderly, orphans and those with disabilities, he said. He said that the Meghalaya government has taken steps to reduce the incidence of SAM and MAM among children. Meghalaya has achieved up to 90 percent SAM and MAM coverage among children.
The training was held at Multi Purpose Hall Latyrke in collaboration with the District Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Officer of East and West Jaintia Hills District.
The journey is through Kaitungtoh, Jalyah, Head of Sohkymphor, Sohkymphor, Umpaai River, Khliehrangnah to Shangpung.
Shillong: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA of 18-Shillong North, today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to suggest the extension of the year for the filing of posts. Speaking to media, Bah Adelbert said, “The government should have extended the year for the youth who have applied for 80,000 applicants for the post of MCS and also for the post of MCS which I have already brought to the House to appeal to the Government. to extend the year for young people who are looking for work.
Some people said that during the arrangement, these 'Kait' were bought from the rural areas at a high price, to ensure the price of 'Hindu' or Khar Kaia. Rupang has spoken to several shopkeepers who are in the supermarkets.
Amethis scored four goals alone, two goals each for Batbitbha Bareh, Russia Dkhar and Iris Dkhar, Phaintis Lyngdoh, Jingshisha Bareh and Release Lyngdoh.
Sukher won with 1082 votes, Pahuh Massar with 872 votes and Zacchaeus Laso with 115 votes.
" Well, we've been talking for about a while.
They deserve this honor and it will encourage many children in this state.
Another is that Samson was physically strong and anointed by God, while his inner man did not trust in God's guidance because he felt strong. himself.
Many of the residents of the village have suggested that the village should be closed down completely because there is no point in having this mobile phone in the village when there is no network.
Lamlynti (Madanlyngkhi) FC beat Pynthorbah SC 4-0 to win the SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 on Friday.
Expressing the problems faced by government schools, Bah Shangpliang said that the distribution of school books is one of the problems. The government should take care of this and should also ensure that if there is a school in June, in July all the students will be able to buy books. “There should be enough books to distribute otherwise there is no point in distributing books,” he said.
During her visit to the State in November, the Chairperson of AITC launched the WE Card Scheme which promises to provide financial assistance to women in Meghalaya as an incentive.
The semi final of the Women's League 2023 will be played on Saturday at the SSA Stadium at the First Ground, Polo.
On Friday, the GHSMC held a 12-hour curfew in Garo Hills and was successful in all four districts of Garo Hills in Meghalaya to demand Garoland.
The first issue of the BJP's letter to Shah was on the lack of governance in the state which affects employment, agriculture, forests, drinking water, roads, education, and other matters relating to the livelihood of the people of the state.
Our Khasi-Jaintia country, like other parts of India, can establish such factories when our agriculture is run with understanding and knowledge.
When asked about the price of a cow, Generous said that the price cannot be fixed exactly because it depends on the size of the cow. The price of cows has now reached T.65,000 per cow due to the excessive demand of cows by traders to Bangladesh.
Km is located in Meghalaya.
· To unite and strengthen the Hindu community.
A tall statue of Bah Martin N. Majaw should be erected in front of the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
The difference of governments in the states is not the problem of fixing the border.
“The dialogue should be first through peace talks but not through armed conflict or force.
The reason is that many of those who go abroad for treatment are suffering from wrong treatment or wrong diagnosis. Dr. Meghalaya.
However, Conrad said the right to protect the welfare of these people is based on the Yellow Book, a secret document for the protection of these people. I don't have much information about the Yellow Book.
On the part of the senior members of the Meghalaya Cricket Association, they expressed their special congratulations to the players and support staff for this victory.
In 2013, in the film Chennai Express, Shah Rukh Khan met Deepika Padukone and fell in love with her at the railway station. they are themselves drawn on the train.
D, Dawanisa" and another is "Dangshen, he announced that papad is a cure for corona, now he is sick himself"
Worldwide, 8.4 million people have been infected and 4,53,000 have died, according to the Johns Hopkins University.
Tymmen Basan, who also alleged that the preacher, had lost all the thanksgiving from the service, said, “It is a lie, the thanksgiving that is collected. the church, how shall he be brought?” explained the King of England.
“However, the final decision is up to the special committee,” said UDP officials who did not want to be named.
In the final of the Under 14 category, Musniang Secondary School beat Rymbai Government Secondary School 1-0
Himanta said this in the Assam Legislative Assembly and this statement has angered the JSU especially the residents of Mukroh village and the people of Hynniewtrep as a whole.
Lauding the efforts of Bakdil for empowering SHGs and creating livelihood opportunities in over 2500 villages of Garo Hills, the Chief Minister expressed that a collaborative approach with social organization and government will go a long way in enhancing the livelihood and income generating activities for the people.
The items of Annual Accounts include (i) Unadjusted AC Bills, of which there are 53 AC Bills amounting to T.98.25 crore which have not been received at the end of 31 October 2023 for Detailed Countersigned Contingent (DCC) bills.
It is learned that the cause of the collapse is not the forces of nature, but the crime of mankind.
The JSU has put these questions before the government and the government should be able to provide proper answers. 1) How will those who cannot travel by car be treated? ) Has the government been able to ensure that the thousands of kilometers of road is safe? 3) What will happen if a vehicle gets lost in the middle of the road? 4) Who will provide the road? 5) What will happen if they are deported to other states? 6 ) How many people know the long distance to go The union wants the government to answer these questions before it puts the lives of the shaw visitors at risk.
Every, every time he runs down that Year thyme cuts him.
Phidalia admitted that the NPP candidate from Jowai is her brother's brother-in-law and she went to accompany him during the nomination process.
Each Center will have three facilities – a Nook, a computer center and a library.
“I was shocked and surprised, but when I realized that my mobile phone had been stolen, the thief had fled far away,” he said.
St. Peter's HSS beat Anderson Hr SS 1-0. In the Under-17 boys category, Nonglang Hr SS beat Anderson Hr SS 3-0 In the Under-17 girls' category, Thomas Jones's SS won the first goal against St. Xavier's SS. The Knockout Football Tournament has been postponed due to the heavy rainfall in recent days which has damaged and destroyed the stadium.
He said that the government should give a clear answer whether it will listen to their demands or not and if it does not succeed, it should abolish the scheme. .
In the end, after a good count, Meghalaya lost by 92 runs and Jharkhand were declared the winners.
After the BSF stopped the vehicle, the drivers fled the scene leaving behind the vehicle.
“The DEO has also banned the holding of protests such as strikes, processions, rallies and others to be held by several different groups in the district.
“Through this letter, we as JETS 24×7 bring this letter to your Honorable Desk against the issuance of Trading License to any foreigners or foreign companies who intend to obtain Trading License. License to operate commercial vehicles using the internet (Taxi Aggregator).
The Shillong Run has been held since 2011 to 2019 and in the past six years the Shillong Run has been running smoothly and most of the participants are from school children although adults also participate actively.
Shillong: Congress candidate Vincent Pala has received 416,565 votes while UPD candidate Jemino Mawthoh has received 265,452 votes.
“Instead of spending its time explaining policies for the state, the government is trying to search and arrest members of the civil society,” he said. “The Assam government has shot dead four of our brothers and sisters,” he said.
There was also a demonstration of the fighting skills of the SF-1
Shillong: The state of Meghalaya was named after a Bengali.
Nongstoiñ: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawshynrut Circle today renewed its office bearers for the term 2022-2
Oibarly Suchiang, President of the union and Bynta Lyngdoh, Secretary of the union also expressed their special gratitude to the police department in East Jaintia Hills, on the grounds that the union has seen with their own eyes the incident. They will be able to visit the office in the month of April.
The winner of the tournament will receive a cash prize of T.5 lakh, while the runner-up will receive T.3 lakh.
Noting that it has been almost five months, there has been no sign of the NHAI starting the implementation despite the promise to the union and the protesters that it will start immediately. task.
Ipoh is the world.
Shillong, July 10: There have been many discussions and objections and also various threats against smoking by fearing that it can cause many kinds of diseases.
At present, despite being a synrop, the UDP has alleged that the NPP has hijacked the glory of the victory of the Synrop MDA government this year. The anti-incumbency wave has also started to flow in the constituencies not only from the synrop parties but also from the opposition.
Speaking to his fellow teachers at the Additional Secretariat, Mayborn said that after meeting with the Prime Minister's Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, yesterday; Tynsong said the failure to approve the bill at the last Cabinet meeting was due to the absence of the Minister of Education, Lahkmen Rymbui.
Mawkyrwat, July 29: The Pyrkhatlang Village Organization (VO), Domjyrti today held a program on the occasion of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs at the Community Hall of Domjyrti Village. Manu Sankar, Executive Director – Kudumbashree National Resource Organization, members of Pyrkhatlang Village Organization and others.
Only until the files reach me and the DCA Minister, we will be able to comment on the reports from the department,” he said.
Thus the relationship between the Khasi Hima and the Foreign Government was through Vice-Roy.
Therefore, they are requested to inform and send their certificates by the 14th of this month through the units or by calling these numbers- 8787545266/ 7005725187/
After testing, I was diagnosed with corona virus
Jiyo Mukhi scored the first goal for YWSC B1 (46).
These two illegal coke factories include M/S Halari Coke Plant at Sutnga District and M/S Shauryansi Coke Plant at Wah Samier, Sutnga.
“From small business traders to foreign traders we have been living in poverty since the COVID-19 lockdown, so we have urged the Deputy Commissioner to open trade with Bangladesh so that the people who live in poverty can Richard Pohlong president of FTCCM said that the DC has urged the FTCCM to wait until the 3rd of November and look into the situation of the COVID-19 pandemic. 19 district haka.
Our employees were talking to a female customer when suddenly there was a sudden explosion.
All the Executive Members and the people who attended the meeting hoped to take part in the public speaking but the Rangbah Shnong did not allow them to speak at the meeting.
He said what happened in Mukroh Village has been a stumbling block and does not mean that we should end the talks.
Jowai: The Additional Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of West Jaintia Hills District today informed that the Government has given the opportunity to the elderly or those with disabilities to register for Aadhar. They should inform the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) through this FPS dealer, so that the office can send the Aadhar holders to their homes.
He said that in 1966 when the state was still under Assam, the Governor of Assam had issued the Limitation Act of the Central Government by issuing only one order but in This has been abolished and Article 12 (a) B has been introduced which states that only the President of the country can issue an order that the laws of the Central Government shall not apply in the States.
Restructure the working methods but don't auction this factory which we inherited from Assam when we left home.
Now many of the youth especially in the rural areas who are more comfortable speaking or singing in Hindi, in various talent shows also have the opportunity to showcase their talent through Hindi.
Real Madrid have 66 points from 27 games and are seven points ahead of second-placed Girona with 59 points from 26 games. If you win, you will be able to reduce your score to 4 points.
Meanwhile, the residents of Khanduli are eagerly waiting for the resolution of the dispute with the Karbi who are their neighbors which has been going on for more than three months.
After the raid, UHM leaders, including Bah Teibor Shadap, General Secretary of UHM Sengkmie, Bah Kenneth Rani and others, urged the authorities to They should take action against foreigners in the area, as many of them have come to do business without proper documents.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong will play against Churchill Brothers FC from Goa at the JN Stadium, Polo, Shillong today.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister also clarified the misunderstanding regarding the government's borrowing especially from foreign banks.
The HNLC is concerned that many young men and women are unemployed, even after they have learned, and some of them are misusing the name of the HNLC to make money.
In a meeting with Bah Hemborlin Kharsyntiew, Interim Sordar of Sylleiïawkheiñ, he said that in the past few days, the village has decided not to allow the Seng Khasi. I will not build or build this house, which is a place of burning.
This false teaching says that there is no value in diseases such as blood pressure, diabetes, asthma, arthritis, liver disease, kidney failure and others. “If we publish false announcements, we will be fined heavily, we will be sentenced to death, and we will not be punished. save" he said.
In the first leg of the tournament, Mookyrdup beat Sohmynting FC 5-0 at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai on Tuesday.
Prannoy, who entered the tournament after winning the Malaysia Masters and winning the BWF trophy for the third time, in the water polo tournament. They couldn't do anything to escape from the skillful hands of Japanese opponent Naraoka who won 15-21 19-2
Apart from the Jaintiapur Hima, the British East India Company did not take over the rule of the other Khasi Hima.
While we were drinking at a shop, a Garo man came to renew his permission to cut trees.
She said she didn't know much about the money lines but since she got the card, she just connected the card to her smart phone.
Throughout the rally in Nongpoh, it was seen that all the Congress leaders in Ri Bhoi, carried placards and shouted slogans, which is a protest against the government. The NDA, led by the BJP and Narendra Modi, for raising the price of petrol and diesel, but did not think that it had affected the people.
There is an urgent need for the District Councils to have a Recruitment Board or Recruitment Committee to manage the recruitment when there are vacancies, so that it can strengthen the Council, bring about transparency and open up opportunities. and there shall be no more household chores.
There are 216 active cases in East Khasi Hills, 14 cases in West Khasi Hills, 12 cases in Ri Bhoi, 16 in West Garo Hills, 4 in East Garo Hills and
The working president of the UDP demanded that the government should take immediate action to release the two arrested persons.
In fact, the government should strive to introduce more security measures such as outposts as the people living on the border are facing many problems.
For this purpose, alumni of the College are also informed that they can register their names telephonically at the following cell/mobile phone numbers: (+91)7 on 12th November, 2018.
Schools, colleges, educational institutions, cinemas, religious institutions, gyms, international flights, metro trains will remain closed until the end of May. 2020.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The office of the Executive Engineer (PHE) GSWS Division No-II Mawphlang today informed that there has been a collapse of a 750mm water pipe in the CI Gravity Main of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme. There will be no water supply on the 13th, 14th and 15th of this month.
Regarding the reports that T.800 to T.1000 each has been paid to the participants of the festival, the PIO of the Tourism Department said that he has no information. the payment he said was made by the producer himself.
East Khasi Hills has 463 cases, West Garo Hills 261, Ri Bhoi 127, West Jaintia Hills 97, South West Khasi Hills 50, Eastern West Khasi Hills 40, South West Garo Hills 37, North Garo Hills Garo Hills 28, East Jaintia Hills 26, West Khasi Hills 25 and South Garo Hills
He said that if it is as the DTO says that these vehicles can earn money for the villagers, if they carry market goers, they will drop them only in the middle of the road. mer, do you have any more residents? he said.
Speaking to u SP of Ri Bhoi, Bah C.Syrti, he said that this allegation is baseless.
Speaking to media, Conrad said that according to the forecast, the overall estimates show that the NDA will come back to power under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
This line will run from Mawphlang village and through Mawngap Kharshiing village, Kharnongwah village, Mawreng village. Kharbuli, Ur Messiah, Lamlyer, Umphyrnai, Mawlyngngad, Mawshabuit, Sohryngkham, Mawpdang, Mawkynring and Madan Saisiej.
Goyal said that through hydro electric projects, the target is to generate about 300 mega watts in the next 8 to 10 years, about 2000 mega watts from the projects. pumped storage hydro projects, coal power projects of 250 mega watts, solar power between 50 to 100 megawatts and wind power of about 80 mega watts.
Two gunmen, armed with powerful Kalashnikovs, entered the headquarters of Charlie Hebdo and immediately opened fire on the employees.
“If they want to ban the Bajrang Dal because of their hatred of Hinduism, we will take the necessary steps,” said VHP General Secretary Milind Parande in Indore.
Nidamon donated T.2,00,000/- and Ma Jan Unisakhiat G.Kyndiah, a lawyer, donated T.50,0
The incident took place in Therizhandur village and a video showed the villagers talking to the management of Indian Overseas Bank (OB), where the bank had ordered them not to The Branch Manager explained that the submission of documents to the bank will not be necessary and that their money is safe inside the bank.
The border has narrowed day by day since the annexation of Assam and Bangladesh and through the MOU signed between Meghalaya and Assam in collaboration with the Government of India, Meghalaya has lost its about 18 Sq.
