Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has announced the 15-man squad for the BCCI Women's U-15 One Day Trophy, which will start soon this month.
“The CE PWD in charge of the PMGSY road, which has started construction from Nongjyllieh to Weinia Sangriang, has said that he will take action to send a contractor to inspect the construction of the road. said Bah D.Sun President of WKSU after meeting with the Chief Engineer.
The reason for the delay is that the Seng has already written to the DC since 28th November 2022 and the Seng has reminded another letter on 14th June 2023 and the last one, is on 2nd July 2023, but as the Seng does not see any sign that the NHAI will take action to repair this road and it is on this basis, that the Seng will show the works, after “If anything happens, the NHAI should be responsible,” said the President of the Seng, Bah Mishal Chyrmang.
Shillong: Two husbands and wives have resigned from their jobs and Aiborlang Thongni, who is ill and has been suffering from headache for about six months, said a statement from the HNLC today.
“This Land Bill was first introduced in 2012 when Bah PN Syiem was CEM, but the government has withdrawn it.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: Non-Congress political parties including the HSPDP, KHNAM and BJP have said that they have not received any letter from the UDP on the proposal to support the candidate from the Shillong Parliamentary seat.
He said that since the beginning of the Kick Boxing tournament in 2017, the men and women athletes of the state have won 68 gold, 44 silver and 64 medals. rnong and in international games they have won 33 medals for the country.
Churachandpur SP Shivanand Surve has suspended Siamlalpaul from his post since yesterday after a video showed him sitting with the police. armed men, who are also guards in a village, which is a very illegal act against the police, the report said.
Shillong, June 23: Ka khan, khein, knia, khriam, is the religion of the Khasi, who still hold the traditional religion, and when they are sick, the people who still hold the Khasi religion go to the farmers to send them. pray and offer sacrifices for their healing from their diseases.
He raised Dorcas from the dead when the women were weeping for her.
“However, as the construction of these parts is ongoing and has not been completed yet, this has also caused the flooding of water from the rainfall and caused this. the collapse of this wall," she added.
Hoi hi mo wow again I'm sorry, I'm sorry for the wymboi pyrwa.
The match between Samaro and Nangbah Khloopano on July 16 ended in a 3-3 draw.
Bah HDR Lyngdoh said this to the leaders of RBYDSO who met him today at his office.
The North East Sunshine Trust (India) was registered in Shillong in 2022 and has its headquarters in Kensington, Kynton-U Mon, Lad Nongkrem.
Besides him, there was a poor man named Lazarus, who had nothing to eat.
“In the coming days, this will become even better.
"I don't have any other way with Pakistan," Imran said in a video speech.
Regarding Package-III, the affidavit said that the construction of the road is under consideration and the preparation of the Detailed Project Report is ongoing.
Currently, our Government has borrowed tens of thousands of crores from the World Bank.
On the other hand, the authorities of the area have warned the residents to temporarily refrain from visiting the market and to refrain from other public places which are dangerous at such times.
“We have waited a long time, but we ask that you wait just a little longer so we can do this job flawlessly," he said.
It is to be recalled that the Shad Sohjer festival of Raid Marwet started on the 17th July 2024 with various programs and thanksgiving and today it has come to an end with the festivals of the children. thousand at the end of this Shad Sohjer festival.
The Chief Minister briefed on the current situation of the coronavirus in the state, the preparation of accommodation, ICU rooms and oxygen.
The dorbar tlang of the JHADC will last for two days and will end on the 27th of this month.
Meanwhile, Nitania Tariang and Carlynda Nongbri (EKH) beat D Lyngdoh and Ryngkhlem (WJH) 21-8, 21-1
Out of the 151 groups, 11 groups have not left since Saturday (25/2/2023), as the polling stations where they should go are on the outskirts of the district. .
Lai has inherited his father's assets worth NT$500 million (Rs.
With all the reasons, the MFA entertains private individuals, such as some MDCs, Waheh Chnongs, Maliks and Non Affiliated Members who have personal issues to complain against the TSA officials. , with the MFA requesting to convene a meeting with them.
Speaking at the meeting, the MLA and the JAC leaders said that the destruction of the footpaths has put at risk the school children and the public especially the vehicles have driven too fast. to the street.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The Khasi Law College (SBUK) on Saturday inaugurated the Khasi Language Learning Center at Shillong Law College.
We are amazed when we see all these things because it has been like this since ancient times.
In other matches, Norway beat the Philippines 6-0 and Switzerland drew 6-0 against New Zealand.
Sumarlang Sumer also slammed the NPP and said that the NPP should not forget that Agatha Sangma also when she was MP when she led the state to Delhi. , she was only 29 years old.
“Yes, Sir.
For our part in Meghalaya, there is no complaint regarding the boundaries as stipulated in the Re-Organization Act,
The results have been announced and the results have been announced on the basis of the good pass to be appointed as Assistant Teachers in Lower Primary Schools in Dadengre Sub-Division. West Garo Hills District.
Prayer is not only used by Christians, but by all who believe and trust in the living God.
After two minutes they pour out the water.
When it comes to agriculture, there are places where it has increased; there are other places where it decreases.
“Furthermore, the DC said that the cooperation and support in the efforts to fight against the threat of Covid 19 will help the state in its journey to fight against this threat,” said the DC. On the other hand, the Catholic Church has set up about 30 beds inside the Don Bosco Hall, Laitumkhrah Shillong, on Saturday. as a Covid 19 Care centre.
The Supreme Court today did not discuss the 38 lakh tonnes of coal, which the state government has estimated on the availability of coal in the mines across the state. The Supreme Court has decided to end the coal ban in November
He added that they are not against the Bill but against the urgent decision of the EC to approve or pass it.
The whole world is facing this problem, in which forests are being destroyed and continue to be destroyed from time to time.
However, as the years went by and from year to year, the shops became fewer and fewer and the music disappeared.
Police have suspected a 25-year-old youth with mental retardation for destroying the sacred idols of the church in Daram.
Ms Syngai urged these youths who have accepted to be trained in this field to become a blessing to others and “the blessing you receive from the families of the sick will be so great that you cannot compare with money".
Thousands of supporters attended the event.
Shillong: Residents of Sohra including mothers and elders have sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma demanding that the government should provide protection to the Khasi residents of Shella Police Station. , Tyllap and Majai Police Outpost after the incident in Ichamati.
He is survived by his wife Kalpana D Sangma, three daughters and two sons.
"Even 10 percent will not be accepted," Mann said in a video today.
The HYC has also warned the management of the company not to open or close the door until they have complied with the rules.
“We have three ADCs in the state but through the 6th Schedule it has united them all.
On the other hand, Dr Shakil P Ahammed, Principal Secretary, Pravin Bakshi, Commissioner Secretary, Pravin Bakshi and other officials were present.
He said the central government wants the development in the state to go fast and added that the central government will provide the funds for the needs.
She also expressed her concern over the state of today's society, where all kinds of evils are rampant these days.
Katrina Kaif and Vicky Kaushal will get married on November 9, 2021 at Six Senses Fort Barwara in Sawai Madhopur, Rajasthan.
The meeting discussed the completion of the booth level committees before 15th July
Shillong, June 24: U Conrad Sangma, MP candidate of the National People's Party (NPP) for the mid-term elections to be held on 16th July, 2016 from Tura constituency, will start his election campaign tomorrow. he is from Adokgre, East Garo Hills.
Under this leadership, he has been able to see that there are many talented youths from the North East who will emerge in the future.
This impact of education on students should not be taken for granted.
Shillong, Nailar 8: CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing has strongly criticized the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) for acting as an agent for land buyers and sellers to violate the rights of land owners.
He added that the training will be held soon. If anyone wants to attend the training, please call him on
In Shillong, the training venues are at Student Square, Jaiaw, Weiking Square, Mawlai Square, Malki Square, Nongthymmai Square, Laban Square and others.
However, there are those who work for many days but receive only a few days.
The total number of recoveries is
Who will save education in Meghalaya from the flood? It has been clearly seen that the leaders who have won by money, then the leaders who know only their own constituency and those who think only of schemes don't believe in education, they don't do anything and they can't. himself to do something for her.
However, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Canada wants to strengthen relations with India and work together better than usual.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday slammed the Central Government for failing to take a decision to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya.
It was also decided to send a letter to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) regarding these villages and to urge it not to accept such villages or issue certificates to these villages.
This also happens when there are cyclones in the Bay of Bengal.
The two-day tournament was held at the Indoor Training Hall of SAI STC, Shillong and was divided into Sub-Junior, Junior, Under-23 and Elite categories.
Bah AL Hek, MLA Pynthorumkhrah will be the chief guest in the presence of officers from various government departments such as resource persons and others.
She said that the salary received by the ASHAs is not enough to provide for the ASHAs.
At the same time, he urged the faithful to pray from the 3rd to the 11th of November for the success of the Procession.
Only the students feel that the time is too long because they have to wait for years to complete their studies and that they have to complete their studies and pass their examinations.
“How love do you feel?" He asked.
When the PVC arrived, he spoke to the victims and immediately informed the SP of West Garo Hills, Dr MGR Kumar.
The state government's efforts to curb the fighting have also led to the increase in robbery, theft, drug trafficking and many robbers in the neighboring districts of Assam. as we have witnessed in these days and months.
Referring to other packages, there are many problems faced by the land owners and although some of the works within the disputed area have been implemented, no package has been implemented. it is enough to do the work.
The earnings of elder brought a sudden change in this family.
However, the most difficult thing is for us who are still studying in big universities, because until now we have not had the opportunity to be in our universities, we have to do online classes through mobile lane. Our computers, and besides that when we turn back to this time we are living now for those of us who are still studying who have to do online classes from time to time, besides mobiles and computers we need a generator because there are only Mobiles and computers without light are not available.
What they have done to Jammu and Kashmir has become obvious, now they want to deceive us? Mizoram has the Sixth Schedule, but it also has and implements the ILP in the state which exempts them from the free entry of people from other states or countries without permission.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M.Kharkrang, said that the police have seized four nar shaka from the trucks and a gear box from the auto pick up. Police have also seized the vehicle (ML 05 H 8429).
Shillong: The Meghalaya Police today suspended all the recruitment examinations after the High Court issued its orders yesterday due to the lack of allocation of posts according to the rules. The State Reservation Policy does not apply to the Roster System.
Jaya jaya jaya, jaya he! How do others think? We should demand our own North East Country.
He said that to provide the land for the construction of the Medical College, the department has talked to the Urban Development Department to provide 5 acres of land. agreed.
Paul said this after a meeting between the Social Welfare Department and the Education Department in the presence of the Minister of Education Rakkam A Sangma, the Director of Education Bah HM Shangpliang and senior officers of the Ministry of Education. articles government agencies.
HSPDP President KP Pangñiang said that after returning from the meeting held in Tura, the leaders of the GSMC and other groups who attended the meeting under the umbrella of the National Federation of News State, informed him that they want to meet again to discuss the issues before submitting them to the Lok Sabha for informing India on the issues.
Many people want to taste the traditional dishes in West Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi and so on.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 44896 out of which 39377 have recovered and 776 have died.
He said that at present, the company has plans to set up in other places in Meghalaya, such as Nongpoh, Mawiong, Shillong and Jowai.
On the other hand, Bah Khongwir, as the Chief Leader of the State, who has gone through various experiences, said, “If the Assam government from time to time is still to discuss the border issue, why the Sengbhalang on the influx of mynder? He also reminded that India and Pakistan, the United States and the Soviet Union have been talking from time to time because they understand that force leads to war.
The WJBA said that his passing away is a great loss to the federation and it cannot fail to remember the great contribution that Lummi has made to the WJBA to promote sports in the district.
New Delhi, October 1: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Saturday announced an allocation of Rs 2,362.74 crore for the North East and promised to bring in the development of the region, as well as the country as a whole.
Pranjal Dey (4 overs: conceded 15 runs and took 2 wickets) and Sagar Choudhary (4 overs; tied for 17 runs: took 2 wickets) were among the best players. he did not help the group to escape.
AMPPTA President L Somendro said that two petrol trucks were shot dead in Ngungba area of ​​National Highway 37 on Monday at 8.30 pm. some parts of the car were broken.
Meanwhile, U Bah KP Pangniang, former MLA of the State together with other leaders, have sent a letter to the Minister of Power, in which they expressed their strong opposition to the construction of the power plant. The Brahmaputra Board has agreed to build the power plant on the Wah Khri River.
“However, the outbreak of COVID-19 this year will cause thousands of children of the Hima Khyrim and their friends from near and far to lose the opportunity to witness it as usual for many years. to see her face as usual every year," he said.
A few days after the order ban ban the sale of fish imported from outside the state because it is treated with formalin, the Minister of Fisheries, Bah AL Hek said that no order The ban on import of foodstuffs from outside the State under the Department of Fisheries and Agriculture should be taken by the Government, as it cannot be done in one district alone until it is completely banned.
Shillong, March 30: The District Disaster Management Authority (DMA) in collaboration with the Medical Superintendent of Jowai Civil Hospital today conducted a mock drill on the National Disaster Reduction Day. how to deal with any incidents such as natural disasters and others.
This disease affects the roots of the plant.
These are the ones who make me angry.
Shillong, Nailar 22 : The residents of Mynrieng Village under Pynursla Block EKH have faced serious problems in terms of traffic and health problems due to the deterioration of the road. immediately before reaching the village.
The theme of the G20 Submit of India is One Environment, One Family, and One Future which was explained and concluded by the Prime Minister of India.
He said this after the opening of the meeting of all political parties, which was held today.
Nongpoh: Speaking to reporters in Nongpoh, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, RM Kurbah, today said that Imshida Thangkhiew has been re-appointed as an ASHA. The ASHA worker, Nongsier Jirang, has been suspended by the Village Authority for going to help a victim who was raped by a robber.
Furthermore, one of the characteristics of her is that she always shows her confidence and courage to sing on stage and impress the audience.
This is the time for the people to examine the candidates before giving them marks and winning them in the 2023 elections.
After the blessing, the fruit leaves were distributed to the people and a procession followed to the church from the place where the fruit leaves were blessed.
“Initially we invited up to 200 women and after carefully examining their physical appearance, physical fitness, speed, mental strength and behavior we selected only Ampati, July 14 : Finally, Meghalaya should be proud that after 50 years of receiving its own The State has today received and has its own State University.
From the order of the Court, the government has issued an order that all liquor shops within 200 meters of schools, colleges, places of worship and health centers should be closed.
He was responding to a question on how the government has reacted to the report submitted by Justice BP Katakey before the High Court which stated that the government has not implemented the orders and directives of the SC. and NGT in the state.
Sindhu, who played well from the start of the pre-quarterfinal, defeated Chinese opponent Han Yue 21-12, 21-1 in their quarterfinal qualifying.
However, the surprising thing is that these work orders were distributed by the CEM at the office of KHADC without informing Bah Shylla as MDC while in other constituencies they were handed over to the MDCs. The CEM has issued the work orders, the intention to appeal to the Court has to be stopped,” said Bah Shylla.
India's gross domestic product (GDP) in the first half of 2020-2021 fell to 23.9 percent during the coronavirus pandemic.
The deceased was identified as Tiwanti Thabah, 74, of Barapathar, Shillong.
He said that the KHADC with the cooperation of all the MDCs has also introduced the Clan Administration Bill, 2022, but this Bill has been referred for consideration to the State Legal Department and the DCA. Regarding the withdrawal of the Clan Bill, talks have also been held with the Union of Rangbah Kur of Bri Hynniewtrep to resolve the issue.
Ambos said that tomorrow electricity and water will be only the needs of the rich, because the poor can no longer afford to pay.
At the time of writing, fighting between Israeli troops and Hamas continues in the western parts of the country.
There have been two young children who have fallen into these holes and been injured.
Haggai 1:6–9.
The establishment of the branches of the organization is part of the efforts to get to know each other to avoid marriage and to be closer to each other in all activities whether it is joyful or sad. and to allow each other to help each other when there are families who do not have enough money.
Lajong won a cash prize of T.40,000 while Rangdajied won T.25,000 and a trophy.
If you walk with the rich, you will be caught in the trap of those who should never act wisely in front of a foreigner or a villager, lest he take away your wisdom.
Regarding the arrest of three persons involved in the incident at Laitumkhrah Police Station, the Superintendent of Police, Bah S.Nongtnger said, “We have arrested three persons and they are still under investigation. and we have not imposed any charges because we have not completed a thorough investigation.
He said that what is more upsetting to the people is that all the development works that the government has allocated for the people such as the implementation of the 100 days scheme, he does not share with others. the village.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Meghalaya government has signed a social agreement with the Government of Canada (Alberta Province) to ensure that there will be no impact on the consumption of pork and that it will not become a disease. The country will provide training and new techniques on how to ensure that pork for consumption is not contaminated and diseased.
“On the early morning of 18th July, these men boarded the same vehicle and headed for Dawki near the India-Bangladesh border of Meghalaya.
The office bearers elected on the occasion include President Anthony ES Lyngdoh, Vice President Banlurlang Lyngdoh, General Secretary Wanhunlang Suting, Asstt GS Ha U Pasiang Khariong, Finance J. Khongwir, Education Kong MB Syiemlieh, Organizing. Bah I.Mannar, Sports B.Thabah, Social & Cultural Secretary IS Myrthong, Disciplinary D.Nongkhlaw and others.
Therefore, the presence of the Jews in Israel today is to prepare for the difficult battles that intend to destroy the Jews but they will not succeed because God has chosen them to be like a sword and a weapon of war. of God in these days.
The District Magistrate has requested that any person who has entered the bank since 31st November, has requested them to stay at home for 10 days. If you feel any pain, you should inform the District Control Number 03638232028/1077 or the Helpline Number
“When you do everything well, you shouldn't do anything wrong,” said the mother. “You speak in the middle, mother,” said the father. “When you say only a sign, you understand,” said the mother.
All the MLAs and seven MLAs of Jaintia Hills were also invited.
Union Minister Dr Jitendra Singh said that he will start promoting Hindi in the region by implementing the Hindi Advisory Committee.
The inspection started from Umpher village on the Meghalaya side to Mawsmai 10Mer village which is also one of the flood prone areas. The NHAI has decided to show these people that they should do something, because the reason for the floods is due to the lack of water not only in Meghalaya, but more so due to the lack of water supply. irrigation systems on the Assam side.
The group of 16 Knights Association Kumpanjija (Croatia) visited NEHU with the aim of exchanging information with the administration and students of NEHU. the university.
The deceased was from West Khasi Hills District.
“The main focus now will be on the 'DREAM' project which was announced last year, where an allocation of T.5 crore has been allocated for the implementation of the “Public awareness activities and to increase awareness campaigns and all these will be within the scope of this mission,” he said.
He said that besides the houses, the storm has also damaged trees, rubber and other crops which have affected many households. He said that on Tuesday, on receiving the information, he has already spoken to the BDO of Jirang Block C&RD Block who have sent people to inspect with him as an officer and also to the Deputy Commissioner. Ri Bhoi District to take action especially to deliver relief goods as soon as possible to those refugees who have been severely affected.
If we read the Psalms, it says about the plot of the Assembly of the Wild Beasts: The Assembly of the Wild Beasts was held after Christ, which was prepared for many hundreds of years. in the year that was in Egypt; and in Hojai, Assam, they held the Dorbar-bah in the year.
The Rangbah Shnongs will be the Advisers of the new Circle.
Shillong, July 26: HSPDP MDC Pyniaid S Syiem and KHNAM MDC James Ban Basaiawmoit have urged the EC to encourage the people to come and register their land. in the District Council, because they cannot register with the government, because the cost is high.
Shillong, Nailur 7: The Sisters of the Missionary of Charity today held a program to honor Mother Teresa for the rank of Saint at Leprosy Colony, Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi. District In the presence of the Archbishop of the Catholic Church, Rev. Dominic Jala, Fathers, Parish Priests, Deputy Commissioner of Bhoi District, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya was the Chief Guest. District, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, all the Sisters of the Missionary of Charity together with other elders, women and men of the area.
Speaking to reporters, the candidate for the 6-Khliehriat Constituency, Bah Bhayes Chyrmang, a resident of Ladrymbai, expressed his desire to develop not only the constituency, but the district as a whole. He also promised that if the BJP comes to power, the people will have the opportunity to mine coal as before. The coal mining industry has affected the people in many ways and has also affected their income.
The area has been affected not only on the road but in all aspects from health facilities, electricity and others, said the leader of the union.
A total of 1.39 Cr cylinders have been booked under the PMUY scheme so far and 97.8 lakh PMUY cylinders have been distributed to the beneficiaries. 2.1 lakh EPFO ​​members have withdrawn online up to T. crore till date.
The BJP leader also alleged that the approval of the Agreed Text for Settlement has been rejected by the State which intends to empower the ADCs. to protect the land, to improve the land and to protect the welfare of the people.
“In the past, the MPSC had to seek permission to lease halls or conduct examinations and this has hampered the working methods but after this amendment, the MPSC has been able to to use the money without any permission," he added.
Jansing and Victor are Congress MDCs but have defected to the NPP while Pyniaid is an HSPDP MDC but has been expelled from the party while Hispreaching is a UDP MDC. PDF and now to the NPP. Bah Victor and Bah Hispreaching are two MDCs who have changed three parties during their terms as MDCs.
The Prime Minister said he has already spoken to the government in Delhi, as well as the embassy to ensure that the body of the Bishop should reach Shillong soon.
Shillong, November 6: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) is preparing to file a complaint against the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) for violating the Supreme Court's order to order the shopkeepers to close their doors. The KHADC does not have a license from the Municipal.
The KHADC will also meet the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to explain the need for ILP in the state.
She said that degrees cannot change a person's mind.
On the other hand, Kyrmen Shangdiar said that the various political parties in Mawsynram Block have not been able to meet the Chief Minister of Meghalaya or even the Minister in charge. The C&RD Department, but the union has to wake up once again so that the government will remember what the leaders of the union have already written or spoken and as they have promised. .
The celebration was organized by 11 SHGs under the Village Organization.
How wonderful that preparation is.
Conrad K Sangma said that the six experts, under the leadership of Prof.
He, along with Rajesh Bishnoi (guest professional), scored 57 runs without losing a wicket for 129 runs for nine wickets in which Meghalaya managed to score more than 600 runs.
“Therefore, how long will it be and the present from you will be the same,” said Kong Rep.
World Health Organization (WHO) chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said last month that the outbreak of the disease in Bangladesh this year has caused a lot of trouble to the departments. health department as they have not been able to control the spread and strength of the disease this year.
I thank God that I was born years before our state was like this.
The reason why they changed the rule of caste from father to mother is as follows: Those who first came to our country were the Khasi who included the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi and War. , Maram and Lyngngam.
In another development, Karnataka Chief Minister UBS Yediyurappa today announced that he has tested positive for coronavirus.
Meghalaya scored 316/5 in 50 overs before Mizoram fell for 139 runs and led Meghalaya to win by 177 runs.
After discussions, it was agreed on the proposal of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya that Block I and Block II should not be decided on the grounds that these areas (Block I & Block II) have always been the right parts. Almost all the people living in these Block are Khasi and Pnar and if necessary to witness this will be taken from the Census 1951 and 1961 by their officers. and to bring to another meeting to decide on this issue according to the agreement of the Joint Inquiry of the two District Councils Khasi & Jaintia Hills and Mikir Hills which was held on the 28th. February 1958 in Georgia.
But the skum is covered with shisha.
“Kharkongor attended a meeting called by Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit at Student's Field to demand the transfer of the UDP leadership to the ARPA without the party's knowledge.
The training was held from 27th to 28th November at the Blind Football Asian Championship.
Regarding the lockdown across India, Ms. Ila Diengdoh said that it is something that has lost its value to the region but they cannot because we have to think. the health of the people in the state.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Gabriel Nongrum and Samla Namika Haloi, said that they have decided to be together for the purpose of building a house. The family was a big decision made by both of them and no one could force them to take this marriage.
Modi applied for bail and offered to pay £500,000 bail, but the judge refused, believing that Modi could escape and Modi would remain in jail until on October 29th, 2019.
The KSU has also urged all the MLAs to remove their party and government feelings but to act immediately on the urgent needs of the state. they would have to account and would have to take responsibility in case the natives were trampled.
This has angered the union, and the union has immediately expelled all these illegal foreigners.
Shillong: Arunachal Pradesh beat Arunachal Pradesh by one wicket in the U-23 Women's One-Day Trophy in Cuttack, Odisha today.
The report explains how the Logistics Data Bank (LDB) is monitoring the transportation of EXIM containers in India, through the use of RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) tags, which allow people to monitor in all parts of the country. you are transporting goods.
During these 42/43 days of application results, the EVMs will be guarded so that the paid voter will not have time to interact with them, will not be allowed to interfere with anything and will have to rely on the guards and administrator of the election.
Also present on the occasion were the SP of West Khasi Hills Vikram D Marak, the Director of Social Welfare, CD Lyngwa, MCS, VC War District Program Officer, Nongstoin. They also explained the working methods of the Social Welfare Department in the district, Anganwadi workers of Nongstoin ICDS Project, Kong B Rynjah, Child Development Project Officer Nongstoin and others.
In this regard, the union is grateful to the leader of the area for taking the initiative to try to solve the problems faced by the people during this time of drought.
The Seng hopes that the State Government will provide Shetja LPG cylinders to all the Shetja classrooms in the school so that the trees can continue to grow to provide electricity to us people in this state.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) Bill has been introduced by himself and no law has been passed by the Rajya Sabha regarding the UCC. Conrad said the UCC Bill has not been introduced as a Private Members Bill or self-introduced, and it is not a law introduced by the Central Government in the House.
The Minister said that the relevant authorities have investigated the recent acid attack in Kanakapura and he also visited the health center of a the child who was assaulted.
Mitchell said this is not the first time but many times and he warned that those who violate will be punished and handed over to the law.
When a person speaks of 'eit Ksuid' (money), the Hok is lost.
This decision was taken at a meeting of the Cabinet chaired by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
The Government has given the right to sell the oil to the company to cover its operating costs.
The Division Bench has issued an arrest warrant against the director of NEIGRHIMS after he failed to appear at the hearing on 6th July.
Leaders of the Naga Students' Federation (NAS) have sent a petition to the Chief Minister today.
These groups include members of the All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers Labor Union, Jowai Unit, together with the leaders of the Wah Myntdu Cleanliness, Mid Day Meal workers and ASHAs who have taken the responsibility to set an example for the others to stop using plastic bags in the market between sellers and buyers.
Igor Stimac has tried to strengthen the starting XI as it is unclear whether India will become a strong team in the AFC Asian Cup, or qualify for the World Cup in 2026.
Speaking on the NDA's goal to overthrow the Congress in 2018, Adelbert said, “KHNAM does not want and does not set a goal to overthrow the Congress or to defame it. “For 44 years we have forgotten the interests of the nation and remembered only the interests of the party and personal interests,” he added.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: Banalari World Cars today opened its dealership at Mawngap by the Rangbah Shnong of Maruti, Bah Overland Kurbah in the presence of Dealer of Maruti, Bah GM. Lakiang and Mrs. Banalari Khongwar.
Shillong, Naitung 5: The Government has appointed an inquiry into the deaths of nine persons who were electrocuted recently at Khliehriat in East Jaintia Hills.
Therefore, we have thought how to import and meet this need in the district as the farmers find it difficult to grow fish seeds imported from abroad like Assam and West Bengal because these seeds are scarce and when grown in “The ponds die and when they die it causes losses to the fish farmers,” he said.
He said that he will consider the need to cut down the trees that should have been cut down by planting others.
According to reports, the incident happened at about 6 pm while Kong Magdalene was talking on the phone on the ground floor of her house to prepare for the election campaign for her candidate. National People's Party (NPP), Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh.
The rally was held across the districts of the state, so that the government can respond to the urgent demand of the ASHA workers.
WKH's ability to score 78 runs came through extras or runs given by the bowlers, which is 44 runs, which was scored without penalty.
The demolition of the Coke Factory in East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday.
These types of teas are very beneficial especially for those who are stressed and anxious and if you are one of them, you can try drinking these chamomile teas.
Kamal Thapa took four wickets and Morninstar took three wickets.
Bah Monarch ShabongThe protests against the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 have intensified these days on the highways and village roads as well as in Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills, but across Meghalaya and Meghalaya. the north and south is the same.
The final match between the two teams, in the scheduled time, ended in a goalless draw. and the second place team of this tournament.
The residents live on this shyngiar and spend at least 2 hours a day to provide water to their homes.
But the people would not let him, so he had to obey what the people wanted.
Besides the drugs, police also seized three mobile phones, T.4000 cash, three identity cards and a thyrnia.
According to the DPO, the government department is conducting a thorough investigation into the incident to find out how much the area has been affected by the incident.
When they got home, Niakha said to Rida, “Rida, why are you listening like this?
One of Maradona's 24-year-old brothers, who lives with the star, is also the last person to see Maradona before his death.
Ma Rymbai said this while speaking at the TMC Unit Confirmation Meeting at Mukhla on 27th June
Meanwhile, the Chairman of the Mizoram Board of School Education, Dr. Lalchungnunga encouraged the students to follow in the footsteps of William Carey.
Tlang, a former Lajong and Goa player, has joined NorthEast this year and has signed a 10-year contract with the club.
He said that the villagers have not yet accepted the BJP in this area, that is why they have been harassed and have had to provide various documents within the government and the money that the contractors are entitled to receive has been cut off. and thou shalt have tens of thousands of thousands.
The Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong, has trained about 6,000 youths annually in computer subjects.
If Assam is willing, why don't you listen,” said Sunn.
“Billions of dollars of public money have been spent in the name of high level.
After the meeting, the CEM agreed to convene a meeting with the MDCs of those areas that produce these products to discuss this issue.
This custom is based on the traditions of the ancestors, which have been handed down from generation to generation.
On Tuesday, November 21, Methodius Dkhar, HSPDP candidate for Mawshynrut, invited the office bearers of the seven zones to a meeting held by the Shiliang Wahblei Zone at Seiñduli.
He said that this is like a loss to them but they cannot afford to take this part just to survive.
From time to time they have brought fame and glory to the State.
This monitoring is provided in monthly, quarterly and annual reports and is shared with Government departments, port authorities, terminal operators, customs authorities and others. who are involved in these activities.
He said that the Mawsor Kur in agreement with Langshongthiang Village, has already donated 3 acres of land, with the hope that it will be a great blessing to the village. and other neighboring villages which have about 5 or 6 sub centers and they are also expecting the completion of the construction of the sub center in this village.
He said that urea should be used exactly to match the crops planted and should not be overdone.
Former AFC Pro License V. Soundararajan has been awarded the AFC Pro License.
Some of the causes of depression are:2
Listen to the call of the Holy SpiritListen to the call, don't hesitate;Come quickly while he is callingLest you be found closed“Now God commands all people everywhere to repent” Acts 17 :30.
It is worth mentioning that today is also the day when the KHNAM party has held a strike to express to the government its desire and determination to implement the ILP in the state.
However, when it was seen that hard work brings wealth, there were those who did not want to work hard even for a penny but were happy to eat the earnings of others.
Dr. Mihshwa Tyngkan was the chief guest at the programme.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 27: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) of South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has expressed its regret over the harassment of Khasi teachers teaching in the border areas of South West Khasi Hills District. The relevant authorities of the district have met with the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District regarding the problems and peace of Khasi teachers in the border areas.
Why didn't those who killed Jesus crucify Him, why didn't they kill Him with a sword or a stone? Because they wanted to condemn Jesus to that most cruel and disgraceful degree of death.
To remind you of the death of Dr.(L) Sailo, the whole state in the North-East is in turmoil because of the inexplicable fear, not even the place to burn or bury him. because of fear.
Mairang, Lber, 23 : The District Sports Officer, Nongstoiñ, will hold the Chief Minister's Under-12 Years Block and District Level Open Football Tournament 2023 for the children of Eastern West Khasi Hills. District Level Tournament and State Level Tournament will be held in June and July this year.
“The government should stop taking land and if it doesn't listen we will hold strong protests,” said the president of FKJGP. I wonder why the King of Hima Khyrim is silent on this matter.
In the second semi final, Khliehmuchut Shangpung beat Mookyrdup 1-0
He said it is necessary to discuss and agree on how to do this and to resolve the issue.
“Until now, 70/75 percent of the state still relies on imported fish from Andhra Pradesh, Assam and other countries to supply,” he said.
The International Day of Yoga, as we see it today, has come from the widespread acceptance of yoga, the work of the whole Government in which all the departments of the Government of India and all those involved in this work together. .
Other parts of Shella Police Station, Tyllap Police Outpost and Bholaganj Police Check Post have been postponed from 8 am to 4 pm tomorrow. don't announce anything else.
“In India, even the Constitution recognizes the diversity of ethnic groups, religions, cultures and so on and has enacted many laws to protect these diversities, especially the different ethnic groups. These are the easternmost parts of India.
Honor the elderly and do not despise them.
This month, Karunanidhi turned 49 years as leader of the DMK and is now entering the 50th anniversary of the powerful political party in Tamil Nadu.
In 1793, William Wilberforce brought a motion in the British Legislative Assembly that the East India Company, a group of merchants, should be established. with the responsibility and support of the work of preaching the Gospel in India.
“I am saddened by the death of Balsan Marak at a young age when he was imprisoned.
"It's my mother's word" Tip seh, I'm sorry... I don't go to school.
“He said that the Association does not blame anyone but supports that the law will punish those involved.
Shillong: A meeting was held on 13th November 2023 at the Police Reserve Conference Hall, Shillong between the Rangbah Shnongs and Village Leaders of Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Jaiaw Shyiap, Jaiaw Mihngi and Mawlai Phudmuri. Discussing the issue of the spread of drugs in these villages, the Lawmali Forest, the Incharge of Police Stations, Beat Houses in Shillong, said that It is one of the places where the concern has arisen from these villages.
The Mawhati MLA said that the distribution of Khaw is the 1st Phase and is reserved only for those very poor families and if the curfew continues, he said that he has already prepared for the distribution to those poor and difficult families.
He said that as it turns out, the government's legislation is not because it is unfair but it was created only because there is hatred and enmity towards each other, not towards the nation.
The two-day meeting was attended by representatives from Thailand, Nepal, Bhutan, Myanmar, Cambodia and Vietnam and representatives from various departments and training institutions. country of the world.
“I feel that the inclusion of the indigenous languages ​​of the various ethnic groups in the North East in the Sixth Schedule will further strengthen the spirit of unity in this beloved country. or thousands of nations,” said the Prime Minister at the meeting.
They said that the Assam Police have been harassing the residents, especially the farmers, from time to time to the point of knieh even knieh knieh, knives and other items besides demanding money.
Another exploitation by the sellers is the increase in the price of pork.
The Governor urged the farmers to visit all the government departments in charge of agriculture and if they find any problem they can come and meet him. to tell what answer they got.
Anyone found driving vehicles with damaged number plates will be punished according to the rules of law and including the revocation of the driver's licence.
These are only temporary.
All these MDCs will be welcomed by the BJP on the 31st of this month in Shillong.
The group led by Kyrshan at the meeting decided to join hands and work with the JHTOA to achieve the objectives of banning the purchase of trucks by foreign dew factories in East Jaintia Hills District. The death toll from COVID-19 has risen to 1439 in the state.
I also agree with the statement of Bah Scholar Lawryniang, that UN Sun will come out again to sing because many people wanted to hear the song of Bah Un Sun again.
It is not right to tell our mothers how to have children because they say that the Church does not allow it.
I have told some of my friends that I would like to have an organization that is outside of religion and outside of politics, where we can discuss issues related to the nation and Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, President of the Congress Party and his colleagues, Bah Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the Congress Party, Bah Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the Congress Party. UDP, Bah David Kharsati Vice President of BJP (along with others who do not know me) and I believe that there are also religious leaders from different religions; but it makes me think that I have never seen any Pastors, Fathers or Rangbah Seng Khasi on the road or being temporarily slapped at Malki Square.
Then gradually it became stronger until I felt that I couldn't escape.
His arrest comes two months after the case went viral in which several others were arrested.
Khliehriat, Lber 8: The Meghalaya State Rural Livelihood Society (MSRLS) today together with the world celebrated the International Women's Day. The function was held at Khliehriat West Community Hall in the presence of A. Baranwal, IAS.
Speaking on the occasion, SP (City) EKHD Vivek Syiem (IPS) along with John F Kharshiing and Finely L Pariat were also present. Retired DSO George E. Lyngdoh, Officers and DSOs of the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs and others.
Shillong, Lber 17: Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit has replied to a question whether the government will accept foreign Hindus according to the amendment brought by the Government of India.
) Luke 12:15.
The overcrowding of vehicles in Shillong also increases the temperature of the atmosphere due to the smoke they produce.
The chief guests on the occasion were Radius Lapasam, Waheh Shnong of Deinchynrum in the presence of DSO, James Sutnga (Working President of EJ Football Association) and R. Shadap (GS of SBSA).
Tbn.James Thomson Dkhar of the Presbyterian Church Rymbai Pampyrthad, resident of Rymbai Dong Pampyrthad, has passed away. on April 27, 2022.
If it is true, the writings in the Land Boundary Agreement (LBA) are valid, but they are not valid.
“On the other hand, the Congress Pynursla leaders have said that there are more than three candidates who want to contest from Pynrusla ticket in the upcoming elections but they have not yet announced any of these candidates. he shall not go out to fight.
New Delhi: U Amit Shah, Home Minister of India, has highlighted the need for a central language in the country.
The suspect and the seized property have been handed over to the police for further action.
“It is for this reason that we have had to lodge a complaint with the District Council because the Syiem has started to destroy the land within the Dorbar Raid,” he said.
However, he said that if there is no Co-Ordination Committee, the government cannot pass or mention those laws while the District Council will pass the laws.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has urged all parents to bring their children under the age of five years to these places in their villages for this purpose. medication administration.
“On the 28th of this month, we went back into the company and inspected the garbage dumps and we saw that there is still the same garbage. “We have decided to shut down the company if it does not listen to the demand of the Dorbar Shnong,” said the Waheh Shnong of Thangskai, Phaibiang Syrti.
Nongpoh: Even at this time of greed and many people who want to put the turoi when they do any good deeds in the society even if it is only a small example, but what an example that has been set. Heprit Wallambok Rani, a 15-year-old boy from Umden Arka, Umroi, Ri Bhoi District, said that he is one of the examples of those who want to be honoured. great works, that is, to save the souls of men, but he did not find anyone to blame for the works he had done.
Thus, the discovery of Aadhaar is one of the ways – “There will be an increase of knowledge, says Daniel 12:4
Bolero Camper Model 2013 ML 05 L.Rs 4,10,000/-
We have turned to the rule of religion or to the rule of law.
This commemoration is to encourage and remind the value of education.
The four organizations were surprised after the inspection today and it was learned that it is not only the Sengbhalang that has delayed in providing information.
In a meeting with the SP, Karmen said that he drove out the policeman wearing a mask to leave the police station first because it is not the duty of the policemen to come especially in connection with the and women.
Tanushree Dasgupta, who represented Laban SCTTA, won the Women's Single by defeating Diva Tang.
However, on the other hand, this is a blessing to the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) as it has earned a lot of money from tourists to visit the Umiam Lake and the old road has attracted more visitors. to guests than ever before.
The participation of 85% women in the age of 35 years and above and 15% in the age of 35 years and below.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3: The Government will examine the condition of the Sohra Government College for the introduction of Science and Commerce subjects.
In this regard, many Trinamool Congress leaders including Meghalaya TMC Vice President George Lyngdoh have strongly criticized the Assam Government for issuing the order of the Assam Police.
It is very difficult for those refugees who have been addicted to drugs, alcohol, marijuana or any other alcoholic beverages to escape.
Raid Lyngshing of Mawkynrew C&RD Block, East Khasi Hills District has also strongly opposed the MeECL power project. The West Jaintia Boxing Association (WJBA), the association that promotes boxing in the district, has started training for children from children to youth.
After half an hour, Rangdajied managed to score the first goal through a penalty shot by Wallamsuk in the 34th minute after one of the players behind Niaw Wasa struck the ball with his hand. bowl.
“The ground is easier if it goes before the Supreme Court,” said BM Lanong MDC, Co-Chairman of the State Law Commission.
“The department is now preparing to submit an EPC to ensure that the project can be completed within the stipulated time,” said the Minister of PWD, Ma Sniawbhalang Dharma. The tender was called for the construction of the bridge in Dawki due to the lack of tender.
Himanta said the second phase will be for the areas which will be more difficult to resolve, as it will cover 3 or 4 villages where there is a lot of conflict including Langpih, Block I Block II. He added that what is interesting now is that the residents and the government don't talk about the dispute anymore but talk about the resolution of the dispute.
Before the Christmas carol, a prayer service was held in the presence of Pastor Mechak Shylla, Pastor H.Sutnga and Tbn.LC Ryngkhlem, elders of the church and some of the elders like L Shylla. , B Simple.
However, according to the RTI received, it was found that there is no name of the beneficiaries, although the money allocated to purchase the tins worth more than Rs 1 crore has already been withdrawn with the approval of the government. The MLA of Mendipathar and released the money to John Denver Sangma Mendipathar, who took the money. He said that the money has already been released, but the tins have not been found. They received up to three tins to each household.
United Sports Club of Kolkata managed to take the lead from the first half and strengthened the foundation in which Lajong were prevented from scoring again.
RK Singh (Retd.) MD, NEHHDC said that taking into account the wishes of all those involved in these activities, the Government of India is working to create a supportive environment for tourism in the region.
The college has been providing services for 37 years.
The incident occurred after one of the coal trucks tried to pass through the weighbridge, but the truck collided with the weighbridge. The JCB was on the road and collapsed on the road.
He said he would call the leaders of KHADC, JHADC and GHADC to discuss the matter.
:The FKJGP South West Khasi Hills District today expressed its gratitude and appreciation to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, Minister in charge of PWD, Deputy Commissioner T.Lyngwa, Ranikor MLA Pius Marweiñ and officials of PWD and NHIDCL. On 30th November, 2023, they inspected the 2-Lane Road from Borbasing Ranikor Bridge which is 4 kms long which has been narrowed to Intermediate Road.
The strike by the teachers will end tomorrow after three days.
The state has a lot of coal, instead of selling it to Assam or Bangladesh, it should be used to generate electricity.
Only six of the 20 most polluted cities in India are currently covered by the NCAP. Byrnihat, which is covered by the NCAP, has the highest PM10 concentration of 301 micrograms per cubic metre, while Silchar in Assam has the lowest PM10 level of 29 micrograms per cubic meter in
He said that if the transportation of rnga to the factory continues, after five years the forests in the area from Mawlangdep to Langja, Mawruksoiñ to Nongmisei and Shahlang will be destroyed.
Shillong: UDP Working President Paul Lyngdoh has strongly criticized the central government for introducing the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 which aims to exterminate the minorities by bringing in people from Bangladesh, Afghanistan and Pakistan.
The charge sheet was filed before the NIA Special Court, Shillong.
Other goals were scored by Obadaia Bareh (19') and Niwan-o Bareh (72') before Paiabanteiskhem Bhoi (90'+1) converted for Sein Pynbhalang. end of the game.
Dr. Helen Uriah, District MCH Officer, Jowai explaining the importance of the immunization card and IMI campaign which will have three phases, the first phase from 7th to 12th July, the second phase from 11th July. through November 16 and April 9 through March 14, 2023.
This is the first meeting of the Mawthadraishan area to discuss the demand for a Mairang Civil Sub Division.
:Along with other countries of the state, St Anthony's Secondary School, Kharpati, celebrated Children's Day and the birthday of Pt.
Every moment of thought and life is the price of freedom, this is the saying in English.
How come, many people don't need to pass the examination but get a job without preparing for school or going to school or without having to take any competitive exam? Voters do not have EPIC or voter ID cards but only their names on the Electoral Roll.
Regarding the claim that there will be a vote of sympathy, Bah Samlin said that Sohiong will have such a vote of sympathy. only the candidate.
She explained that they should not misunderstand regarding the jobs because the household chores and the jobs in the factories are their own.
On the other hand, Prestone Tynsong said that the goal of the Meghalaya government is to invite the people of the state through workshops or trainings to make them understand that the country's cow and pig farming is a source of great benefit to the people of the state.
He also asked whether the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills has not existed since the beginning.
He also told the High Court that after the repeal of the state law, they will make rules to comply with the laws of the Central Government which will come into force immediately.
The residents of Wahsarang would like to thank Velley Shangpung for his willingness to give a gift to our residents.
The census shall be from 1st July, 2007 onwards.
Speaking to media, the President of HITO, Bah Donbok Dkhar, said that ACHIK has sent a letter to the Urban Fair Department to suspend them completely. The party leader said that ACHIK has started setting fire and misleading the people.
The EC of the council held by other CEMs and Ems have violated the rules by their orders which has led me to appeal to the High Court.
The Supreme Court under Article 131 has the power to hear a border dispute between one State and the Central Government or two or three States and the Central Government,” said Bah Erwin.
Conrad, Upreston, Hek, and Amanwar should all step down.
Why doesn't the Meghalaya Police arrest them first and prosecute them according to the law? Human rights observers and defenders are human rights violators.
The court directed the state government to cooperate fully with Justice Katakey and to follow the deadline without any delay.
The areas that have been closed are Sangam Vihar, Malviya Nagar and Jahangir Puri and Bengali Market has been declared as another area affected by the disease.
However, now he is happy that he has joined the UDP party, all his family members who came to accompany him, his mother, husband, brothers and followers from Jaiaw and Mawprem.
Also present on the occasion were Dy CEM of JHADC Lasky Rymbai, Chairman Pilin Dkhar, General Secretary Stop Phawa and other elders of the area.
In reply, Cricket Smit CC scored 108 runs for the loss of 7 wickets after 16.3 overs.
In 2015, the leaders of HANM, Women Wings, held a two-month strike in Nongpoh, demanding that the government should improve the road. This road is about 5 km long and is also the most important road for dozens of villages in the area.
The matter is still pending and a directive has been received from Delhi to resolve the issue and to hold a State Executive Meeting.
“During his election campaign in Garo Hills a few months ago, Amit Shah criticized the MDA government of Conrad K Sangma and said that Meghalaya comes first in corruption. they caught him.
“On this arrear, which is still pending, besides these 8 former MDCs who have won the case in the High Court, there are now about 22 ex MDCs who have filed a case in the High Court. “The Council will first clean up the old arrear so that those who are entitled to benefit can receive it,” said Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem CEM KHADC. Shillong: One person Two others were injured when their vehicle collided with another vehicle on Pyrdiwah Road on the India-Bangladesh border in Pynursla constituency.
Fennysha Nongruum took 2/56 wickets in 8 overs, Indariakor Kharwanniang 1/16, Jayshree Singh 1/66 in 6 overs and Kambesa A Sangma 1/74 in 10 overs.
The Karate Team of the State under the banner of the All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association (AMKA) has come fourth in the India Open International Karate Championship 2023 which ended on Sunday in Delhi.
However, with the cooperation of all, we hope that these good intentions will succeed and bring benefits to all.
The IVCS of Moolang Village has achieved 100 percent membership, according to the Assistant Secretary of the IVCS of Moolang Village, Gracefull Shylla. There are 444 households in Moolang village and all these households have joined the ICVS. Some of them have deposited 50 tyngka, 100 tyngka, 500 tyngka, 1000 tyngka to the Co-operative Society of ICVS. The Co-operative Society of Moolang through Ïengskhem IVCS has provided loans to the residents on many occasions.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh expressed her gratitude to the UDP and Congress leaders for joining the NPP. The NPP has a goal to tied the door in New Delhi for the changes of the state and the residents of the 60 constituencies of the Shillong Parliamentary Seat. be the mother and MLA for all these constituencies to lead the way for the betterment and development in all aspects.
When investigating the cause of these crimes, it is suspected that it is due to drugs as this drink has started to spread rapidly inside the Mawkyrwat area or even in neighboring villages too.
The Supreme Court also said that the Government of India has written to the State Government and the Indian Government to reach an agreement on the coal ban in Meghalaya. No reply has been received to the letter dated 10th November 2018 sent by the Government of India.
However, until 6:00 PM, she did not return home and the family members when they saw that she did not return home, they started shouting.
After the final, there will be a DJ in the stadium.
The Cabinet Secretary and Home Secretary held video conferences with the Chief Secretaries and DGPs last night and this morning.
“The goal of the central government through various schemes is to develop and benefit the small communities across India and for this reason the state governments should also take action how to to educate the people to take advantage of the schemes of the central government”.
Second, change came with the Industrial Revolution.
So far, media reports have said that the Laban MDC has started entering people's homes in Upper Shillong and Mylliem areas to introduce himself as the 2018 candidate.
The Executive Director of the State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA), Kong Matsiewdor War Nongbri, on July 16, appealed to the public to download the SACHET App to get information regarding the disasters. environment.
Pynshaiborlang Rani, Publicity Secretary KSU Central Executive Council, said that the KSU Central Executive Council (KSU) has sent a statement to the KSU Central Executive Council.
This public campaign has brought together talented people from all over the country, who together have turned the KFC Bucket into a #KFCBucketCanvas, by posting drawings on these canvases. which are different from one city where KFC is located to another.
In fact, Langsning last year, played in this tournament but lost without qualifying for the biggest i-league in the country.
The 63-year-old leader joined the BJP on Friday at a program held at Kulubari in Sepahijala district.
Now, straight to work.
The newly elected office bearers are President Boldness L Nongum, General Secretary Albinus Kharbani, Vice President RE Dkhar, Secretary G Nonglong and Treasurer BK Bani.
Superintendent of Police Bikram D Marak hoisted the flag to start the race.
The celebration was attended by people from all over Jowai and surrounding villages as well as government employees from various departments.
The CBI team suspected that all the gains were made from the illegal trade in cattle through which these assets were purchased.
“We started well but in the second half, Mumbai City FC suddenly became stronger and it was difficult for us to stop their goal,” said Boothroyd.
The committee may also invite any member to participate in the meetings of the committee if it feels necessary.
Bhatia was arrested by the CBI for allegedly taking T.40,000 from a student who was studying for Ph.D.
It is prohibited to sell thied along the road from Lad Kharang to more than 500 meters from the place of worship to avoid traffic jam after the worship service.
The ceremony, which was attended by distinguished guests, also honored the students who passed well in the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) examination including those who passed well across the country. Science, Commerce and Arts.
The Bible is a Holy Book that tells the story of events that have happened here on earth since ancient times.
Shillong: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) on Monday filed a petition in the Supreme Court of India to suspend the implementation of the Citizenship (Amendment) Act,
Speaking to Rupang, Mathew Khongsar said that Mawlynnong has once again been selected as the cleanest village in India after receiving 3 or 4 awards before. .
Not those others but our own brothers and sisters, who cannot refuse to put their own political party first and the nation later.
Shillong, Naitung 20: Police have arrested Chemi Phawa, 30, of Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu village on Tuesday morning. The man has been arrested for allegedly kidnapping a 6-year-old child from his residence in Mihmyntdu, West Jaintia Hills.
These include 78 cases in East Khasi Hills and 75 cases in Ribhoi District, 14 cases in Ribhoi District and 13 cases in civilians.
New Delhi: The Lok Sabha today passed the Press and Registration of Periodicals Bill, 2023, which repeals the Press and Registration of Books Act, .
He said that the youth community needs the mindset to get jobs so that the “Lawei” will be bright.
When asked whether there is any intention to arrest the Sengbhalang leaders from the meeting, Goyal said that as announced by the Prime Minister, they will not be arrested from the Madan Student.
In the picture, Aamir Khan, who was trapped in the flood, was also seen in the same area.
Poor women and Persons with Disabilities do not have to go to work in the office, but should work from home and can be called only when necessary.
Saji has also won the I-League title twice with the club (Gokulam Kerala).
On the opposition to the MoU with Assam, the NCP leader said he had seen in one of the Assam media that the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma said, 'The MoU is not a decision. Finally, it is the Parliament that will take the decision and I am confident that the Government of India and the two States have considered carefully what decision has been taken.
However, when they won, they did not come out and did not recognize them, so they could not refuse to join the HSPDP, because their village is close to the village of Bah KP Pangñiang.
In the finals in their respective States and Union Territories before being selected for the National Round, the first winners received a cash prize of Rs 2.75 lakh or Rs 25,000 for the participants and lakh to the school they serve.
On the allegations that he has not implemented the schemes properly in the constituency, Bah Sanbor said, “Angela Rangad has made a false allegation.
With this victory, Bah Donbor has also been selected to take part in the biggest tournament to be held in Germany in
The 175th Anniversary of the School was inaugurated by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Deborah Ch Marak. This morning at the school grounds in Sohra-Twa, Central District.
After the accident, Phramer Police Station was informed and when the police arrived, they helped to take them to Jowai District Hospital in Ialong.
Because of the government's mismanagement, the union under the leadership of (L) Prof. HW Sten met again with Bah Thrang Hok Rangad Home Minister on 20 th August 2001 to demand that the Aikyrdan Shadap, a 15-year-old boy, was shot dead by the Karbi National Volunteers (KNV) in Umliar. Wanpung on 7.8.2001, while he was accompanying his father to the village.
Karnataka beat Meghalaya by 338 runs by 10 innings on the third day of the U-19 Coach Behar Trophy at the Meghalaya Cricket Association Ground. sun.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, said that the government has been planning to complete the District Jail for a long time, but due to lack of funds, so the government cannot deliver on time.
This method of being iuhroit has become increasingly evident in this age when there have been many problems which have shocked the people across the region.
“If there are no foreign groups to destroy the jaitbynriew, there is no need to establish the Seng Khasi,” said Rangbah Dipshon. shniuh spirit, you don't die.
I met a fellow believer, you have many houses, I told you to look at them, you build here and there, you don't build anything, you don't know anything about the east without thinking about it.
“We strongly urge the government to look into this problem of the people of the area so that any tragic incident can be avoided,” said the President, M.Siangshai and Secretary, A. Speaking to Rupang, the 7-Shnong Welfare Organization said:
“The state government has decided to oppose this proposal to give equal opportunity to these un-represented tribes after consultation with all, by putting forward the lack of equal participation with other ethnic groups,” he said. Prime Minister in the petition.
Meghalaya has a border dispute with Assam in 12 areas including Block I and II. this is the foundation.
Numaligarh Refinery Limited has been supplying petroleum products to Bangladesh since
“If you just want to complain, you can complain in any way but now the people are starting to understand the impact of the Roster since 2022 when the Roster was implemented. an".
The Umkhrah Riverfront Development Project aims to revive and improve the river by building recreational areas, cultural sites and social activities. It has been allocated T.39 crore.
Are these not the new thlen? I think the Shillong MDCs are smart, but they are smarter than the Jowai and Tura MDCs.
Several residents of Mawsynram constituency, have alleged that former MLA of Mawsynram constituency, Bah Himalaya M Shangpliang has misused the MLA scheme and this has come to know through RTI. On the 11th of June, they came to make public the RTI report which was sought by Bah Wanlambok Khar Lyngdoh from Mawkasai.
The husband and wife fight, and the brothers fight among themselves.
Children aged 2 to 8 years need about 1,000 to 1,400 calories.
On the 17th August, the last day of the District Youth Festival, a trekking on the theme “To Preserve the Environment and Promote Eco-Tourism” was held at Umlaru and Wah Phe Phe in Rymbai village which is about 15km away.
The inclusion of the right foods not only increases the absorption of nutrients but also improves and strengthens the body's ability to fight against many diseases.
When asked by Miani, when will the villages get Anganwadi Centers as they are in great need to look after the welfare of children, Bah Paul said the Government's intention is to ensure that all the villages The villages should have Anganwadi Centers that meet the requirements.
The court has scheduled to hear the case again in two days.
Just as A'chik is rich in natural resources, Hynniewtrep is also rich in natural resources.
Panaliar Village Council has expressed its gratitude to these three children of the village who have the spirit of giving and also congratulates to the 2 ASHAs of the village who have worked hard despite the small income especially at this time of crisis. There is a need to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure that the children of Panaliar village receive the treatment and benefits from the programs of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
In this regard, the Catholic Church of Shillong, said that according to the Constitution of the country, Article 25/26/27/28 gives the right to all its citizens to serve. freedom and freedom of faith.
However, Bah Sun rejected their reason and said that if they encounter any problems in the area they should inform him so that he can take the necessary action.
Besides, Bah Samlin recalled that in the mid-term MDC elections in 2016, he was accused of being a pig farmer, but when the votes were counted, he won.
“Because of many needs inside the hotel, we had to open the hotel in October 2015,” said the Chairman of MTDC. about T.1.80 lakh per annum.
The residents of Moodymmai do not own the land at Khloo Bamlang in the Wah Mynso area on the border of East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
Meanwhile, the Child Development Project Officer of Mairang ICDS Project, Kong B.Rynjah in her speech, explained the purpose of this day and urged everyone to refrain from discrimination and to discriminate against those who have become addicted to drugs and to help them, so that they can escape from the slavery of such evils.
The KSU youths, carrying flags, carried iong flags on the siej, as a sign of the incident yesterday morning of the shooting death of five persons, in Mukroh West Jaintia Hills. army Assam.
“I would like to inform those involved with me that I have been sitting next to Dani Saluji, Secretary Transport, who tested positive for covid yesterday.
Man must stand alone, no one can save him unless he himself comes to repentance, because God has already given man the right to choose without force.
The DC of West Garo Hills District, Pravin Bakshi, said that due to the curfew, Magistrates and senior officers have been sent to ensure that it does not affect the peace and order. The curfew has also ordered government employees not to miss work.
Devidas Pangam, Advocate General of Goa, said the deaths were caused by a problem in the supply of oxygen to the bedrooms of the patients.
The word Thoh is very important, perhaps the greatest are the words 'Ka Jer Ka Thoh' and 'Ka Thoh Shun'
The seized song was handed over to the Customs Department for further investigation.
W Lytan is currently undergoing treatment at Guwahati Medical College, Guwahati. He has been shifted from the ICU to another hospital of the hospital. Doctors at the Guwahati Hospital in Guwahati are treating him as if he were injured in the accident. for the fire had burned him exceedingly, and his flesh was covered with blood.
The death toll in India in the past 24 hours has risen to 36 with 957 new cases, bringing the total number of deaths so far to Lal Agarwal, Joint Secretary, Health Ministry, Government of India and 1,992 others have recovered from the disease, the statement said.
In 2018, the UDP won 6 constituencies and if we look at this political party, it came third in the number of seats in 2018 and through the full support of the people to the UDP. in the mid-term elections, it has strengthened the party in the past three years.
The road is 10 km long and the PWD department has allocated Rs 10 crore.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul, will swear in the new Chief Justice of the High Court.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) is surprised at the construction of roads across the state especially the NH 40 E from Nongtalang to Dawki which has received assistance. crore 70 lakh has been allocated by the Government of India.
The Minister said this when asked whether according to information, there was an arrangement at the time of the formation of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government for the departments to be appointed by the MDA allies. “There is no NPP, no UDP, no PDF, we are the ruling party within the MDA,” said Lahkmen. sun.
Karim Benzema, one of Real Madrid's top scorers, scored the first goal of the season at home to Real Madrid.
The purpose of the YESS program is to work from the grassroots level, through various programs to encourage and support the youth in collaboration with various government departments, where they can establish their own claim.
“On the other hand, Bah Wahlang urged the government officials to focus on the tasks assigned to them.
The NKU has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, Pooja Pandey on 12th July.
The Meghalaya Chess Association in collaboration with the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) will celebrate the 187th Anniversary of the death of Tirot Sing Syiem by holding the Third Tirot Sing Syiem Memorial Rapid Chess Championship July), 2022 from 9 pm at Government Girls Higher Secondary School, Shillong.
The coronavirus has destroyed the world economy and if the ban on church services continues for many months to come, it will have an impact on the feeling of The spiritual spirit of various religious groups will also greatly affect their services to fellow human beings in need.
In his speech, he also opposed the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 of the Government of India.
The FARM Northeast Project has been implemented since 2013 in many villages in Jaintia Hills.
In this regard, the owners of all these pharmacies have been given six months to install these CCTV cameras.
Shortly after, police released Giggs on bail.
Communities must decide that in a day they will only allow so many people.
The cleaning and disinfection of all parts of the hospital will be done by the Hospital Infection Control Committee.
UDP MLA and Minister of Social Welfare Bah Kyrmen Shylla expressed his skills as an MLA. Mawthoh received 15870 votes while Pala received 11809 votes, Shullai received 1067 votes, Romeo received 176 votes, Samuel received 208 votes and Bonney received 1180 votes. 122 votes and 113 votes went to NOTA.
At this meeting, Conrad Sangma said that this is the first time for him to talk and sit with Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh. Many of them said that he and Bah Mayraldborn Syiem used to sit far away inside the Assembly and used to shake hands with each other, but all this was not for any reason, but because they wanted to. to speak for the betterment of the people of the state as a whole.
She has also worked with Arnab Goswami of Republic TV and CNN-News
We give the opportunity to set up our own business, whether it is sports policy or youth policy, so that the youth can think,” he said.
This is an information from the family.
Then the dead cows, goats and pigs were thrown into the river until they were cleaned up.
“We will fight for the central government to maintain the special status given to the Northern States, we will fight inside and outside parliament.
It can also be said that even the CM has taken action to protect the environment, in which the government has also launched a special program known as the Clean and Green Mission.
As an experienced leader, he has led for more than two years as an MDC and five years as an MLA, so that the people can benefit and see the development of Sohiong. constituency as a whole.
He said that these soldiers have escaped from danger, but their health condition still needs to be checked.
Police from Nongpoh Traffic Branch have continued to search and seize public vehicles to check whether they have followed the rules. neem the rules of the law of Kali.
From what has been found so far, it has been seen that the plan to build the building has progressed slowly and until now, the workers at the site, are still working. that they meant to build even better than what was in all these previous ones.
Last year, people were afraid, they didn't want to go home to isolate themselves, but they stayed in isolation centers provided by the government, but now, many people choose to stay. The government has encouraged this because there are many isolation centers.
In the second half, Tremiki Lamurong started the scoring with a try from the crossbar in the sixth minute.
On Thursday, Bah Marbud Dkhar handed over the Work Order worth T.2 lakh to the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Iewrynghep in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong Bah H.War, Executive Members. of the village, leaders of the Youth, Women's Wing and the villagers.
However, due to the heavy rainfall, the child fell into the river.
Shillong: Out of the 1,64,734 lakh voters in the five constituencies in Ri Bhoi District, 1,13,398 lakh voters have turned out to elect the Speaker of the Lok Sabha. of 1st Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
Shillong: The Anti Narcotic Task Force of South Garo Hills District together with the Baghmara Police Station on Tuesday at 3:30 pm seized 382 grams of Yaba tablets. grams from David Ganganagar village under Baghmara police station.
Corruption, fraud, abuse of power and position, robbery and injury to women, children and the protection by the authorities of the robbers have become widespread and bloody.
Regarding this issue, the EM of Trade Department of KHADC, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, said that the department is preparing to take action against these traders, and to distribute notice letters to them. .
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday congratulated Niaw Wasa Utd SCC for the Hero Futsal Club Championship to be organized by the All India Football Federation (WJDSA) from This is the first tournament to be held in the country and there are 16 teams participating in this tournament.
In the agreement, the two states will deploy drones or satellite imagery, without any interference from either side.
Speaking to Rupang, Charles said that the purpose of the society is to identify and protect such endangered species, to promote tourism. to make this orchid plantation a school for researchers on these flowers and to provide public awareness on how to protect such plants in this area. area and those who have begun to disappear.
He died on November 18, 1940.
“Sohra is the oldest Civil Sub-Division in the state.
The candidates are Aman Kumar, Frickey Sangma and Sachin Kumar.
We also request the villagers led by Daniel Khongsit to respect the office of the Dorbar Shnong Bakur in order to avoid any problems within the village and to allow the rights of the villagers.
From now on, if tourists want to know about the lifestyle of the Bhoi especially in the Jain area, they don't have to come to Shillong anywhere else but through www.villagegetaways.
Although there are schools that speak slowly, the Minister said that the ban does not prevent them from applying to run later if the running by the Societies is fair and orderly or beneficial.
During the test, people can access emergency information on their mobile phones.
The Governor of Meghalaya has signed the Salaries and Allowances (Eleventh Amendment) Act, 2019 on 9th April this year. through notification number DC/L/VII/3/2010-19/13/1
The earthquake measured 5.8 on the Richter scale.
This road is a budlum for many of the residents who come to Riangdo to work and market.
However, we can understand from the reply of the Minister of State for Home Affairs in the Rajya Sabha that the Government of India does not want to implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
Shillong, March 17: A meeting of all Government Primary School Teachers will be held on the 19th of this month at St. Paul's Higher Secondary School, Marbisu, East Khasi Hills.
Mazel C Nongkynrih won the Bachelor of Arts (BA) and Labianghun Kharmalki won the Master of Arts. (MA) The program was enriched by the performance of the students of Rabon Singh Memorial LP School Mawmluh.
In the Institutional Entry, T.2,00,000 for the 1st prize, T.1,50,000 for the 2nd prize and T.1,00,000 for the 3rd prize.
They also said that the players who come to take part can also have the opportunity to swim in the rivers before the start of the game and after the end of the game as well.
“The weight of books for Classes 1 & 2 should not exceed 1.5 kilos, while books for Classes 3 to 5 should not exceed 3 kilos,” said the statement. public.
Nongpoh, July 15: As part of the Jan Bhagidari Even on the G20, National Education Policy and Foundation on the impact of drugs in the state, the Ri Bhoi Police Department has launched a campaign to promote drugs in the state. Union Christian College UCC Umbir today conducted a training program on the effects of drugs on the topic of 'Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking' UCC Auditorium Hall, Umïam.
They have violated the rights of others who deserve them.
Four persons have lost their lives in South Garo Hills District. Three of them are from the same family including their parents and their wife. Two other houses have collapsed, namely the house of R Khongsit from Sohra, Shella Bholaganj Block and the house of Shidalin Suting from Mawjam. , located in Mawkynrew Block.
Jowai, Nailur 11: The Deputy Chairman of JHADC, Ma HS Bareh, who is also the MDC from 24 Sutnga Constituency, today clarified on the allegation of rape against two SSA teachers, who used to teach at the school. Orient Academy Mootha LP School at Jalaphet Village.
These are the long-standing demands of the three groups at NEHU, which the VC of the university has rejected, the VC's failure to count the date set for the dismissal of Rohit Prasad. or to begin acting on the longstanding demands made by the three groups.
Speaking to media after the General Council of KHNAM held on Saturday, Bah Thomas said that KHNAM will contest the elections next year. lybak from the structure and structure of the district council as it is now.
The union suggested to the government to purchase cemeteries in advance to bury the victims of the disease, as it is impossible to know after 100 years such an incident may happen again.
There are also other codes which are not mentioned but these three persons from the same family have received their own Job Card and have worked more than 100 days to 162 days in 2012-2013, while others have not received only Elphilis Nongrum is the Secretary of the VEC and also the Secretary of Pynter Village.
Similarly, for prayers in mosques/temples/other places of worship, people should not exceed one shipowa from the number of seats.
In the rookie category, Juhbaitki Shylla came first, Dameriki Paslein second and Dachanmi Pariat third.
Law and order has been restored in the valleys of Imphal, where shops have started opening sporadically and vehicles have started moving on the highway.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jowai Circle led by Morning Pasi Vice President Nidapoi Shadap General Secretary on 29th June visited the Govt.
On the other hand, Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President of the HYC, while talking to reporters, said that this action of the leaders of West Khasi Hills, has been a disregard for what they had promised from the beginning. It is clear that the government has no responsibility to protect the Khasi people in Langpih but the Harijans in the metor area.
“If you take away her land and send her to live in these houses, will she work?
In a statement, the Secretary, Bah P. Nongrum and the President, Bah S. Chyrmang, said that on Saturday, there will be a meeting of all the sumos operating from Jowai to Shillong, which are under the Jowai Unit.
She said that vendors who sell in the streets of the city should register themselves with the Town Vending Committee under the Street Vending Act.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12 : Mizoram beat Manipur 3-2 in the men's group final to win the gold medal in the men's group final. The final match of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 was held at the Indoor Hall, NEHU. Manipur won the gold medal, which was awarded by John F Kharshiing, Executive President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association.
Police said that Sengbathson D Shira has been involved in many robbery cases in South Garo Hills under the orders of Reading T Sangma, Commander of ASAK. the police on his heinous crimes.
The Minister's remarks came two days after the arrest of HNYF President Bless Dkhar on charges of collecting money from trucks carrying over the border. and they passed by the wall of Damascus, Umiam.
If necessary, you will be asked for an answer.
Today, one person has died in East Khasi Hills; said a statement from the Health Department, State Government.
North Garo Hills has 19 cases, Ribhoi 170, 13 in Bhoirymbong, 12 in Downgate, 51 in Khweng, 12 in Rtiang and Sajer, 6 in SN Poles Factory and 10 in Umbir and 5 in Ambir.
He said that besides the Waheh Shnongs, Minister of State and Khliehriat MLA Kyrmen Shylla will be the chief guest and JHADC MDC Finelyness Bareh will be the chief guest.
This provision of only one's own people and one's own family will not help to build the party.
The High Court today also criticized the absence of the Secretary, Ministry of Minority Affairs, Government of India.
On the other hand, Congress Leader and Secretary of the Parliamentary Party of the UDF, Charles Marngar, has admitted that the decision to appoint the MDC to Latiplang himself is a consensus decision. There are 9 MDCs but they have not accepted to contest this seat.
Speaking to media, the Minister of State and Chairman of the Regional Committee for West Khasi Hills, Paul Lyngdohg said that the meeting has reduced the number of land plots between the West Khasi Hills and the West Khasi Hills. The border is not owned by Meghalaya and Assam.
FKJGP leaders have met with the General Manager of FCI to seek clarification and also with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills to discuss the issue.
The truck was seized while it was carrying these goods at a shop in Mooralong Jowai called A.Hardware run by foreigners.
According to the source, the incident occurred at about 2:30 PM and the truck was coming from Shillong and was heading towards Riangdo. collided with the wall of the road in which the driver of the truck was seriously injured.
JSU Khliehriat Circle in the presence of Waheh Chnong Thangskai Phai Syrti and members of the Village Committee of Thangskai Village met with the Waheh Chnong of Thangskai, Phai Syrti. DC East Jaintia Hills.
Adjective- Adverb- Shohktien shonktien: a word that increases the meaning of a verb.
According to this statement; The Seng cannot accept such statements which affect the dignity of the country and the nation as a whole. Therefore, if this person does not apologize within 24 hours, the Seng will take strong action. .
Babu Jeebon, who founded and established the Entrance School in the state, praised him for his vision in the field of education.
Shillong, July 12: For the first time, the Governor has issued a statement signed and published in the media by the Governor, RS Mooshahary. He decided to abolish the Chandra Mohan Jha University, or CMJ University.
Tamil Nadu topped the list with Rs 950 crore, Gujarat came second with Rs 552 crore and Delhi topped the list with Rs 552 crore. The third year, the revenue reached T.426klur.
Mary said the number of patients can be known through the figures received from the ICTC HIV testing centre, which has been brought to Shillong since 2007, and has been It has been seen that with the passing of each year, the number of HIV patients has increased.
On the allegation that the BJP MLAs feel that they have been excluded from the MDA government, Ao said, “Whoever has been excluded, we have not been excluded and the BJP MLAs have received the One MLA has been appointed as Deputy Chairman and these two MLAs have been appointed as Deputy Chairman in the MDA government.
Klestar Syiem, an elderly man from Khliehmawlieh village, who is acquainted with the management of the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) in Guwahati, said that on Saturday, Kishor Goswami and a friend of u, who is also an expert in the field of wild soh, came to Nongstoiñ to explain to the farmers about the need for soh phoh tet and the price of this variety in Nongstoiñ. international markets.
Therefore, we the owners of factories when we set up or set up any factory we cannot set up illegally without permission or proper documents within the boundary of neighboring villages or proper NOCs.
The woman turned straight to him and raised her hand to smite him.
Therefore, the Central Government has taken responsibility for bringing about improvements by providing, supplying, distributing and sending various ration items to the designated areas in the States with the help of two benefit schemes to The states known as FCI and Food Subsidy to Decentralized Procurement (DCP).
However, he appealed to the parents to accept this effort by the Government by implementing these buses which have been built and designed with safety at the forefront.
O R Shallam March 12, 2024 On the occasion of the Government's decision to introduce the subject grammar in MBOSE/AW/RNT/170/18/20900 Dated Tura, the 8th March,
He said that he has only appealed to the legislators in this country and he said that in his trial there has been no mention of religious differences but it is what he has taken. story a legacy that no one else can change.
Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills, Abraham T Sangma said, “Bank officials were at the scene with our police team.
He said the government will consider selecting the beneficiaries of this scheme on the basis of the income situation that has been conducted recently.
In July this year, a nun from the Missionaries of Jesus, lodged a complaint against Bishop Mulakkal, alleging that he raped her several times, starting in June 2014 and The nun has also lodged a complaint with the Vatican against the Bishop, alleging that he used money to cover up the incident.
However, the problem of the family is where to go to get the most money from the MHIS. At present, the Rangbah, who has recovered from the illness, does not want to leave the hospital, because he cannot to pay the amount that you have to pay to the authorities of the hospital.
For example, 108Check treatment ABCA-AirwayB-BreathingC-CirculationLie the patient wellOpen the clothes to see the shademSit comfortably and prepare yourselfFind the xiphoid processCheck where to holdKeep your hands straightArrange your shouldersStart compressionCPR works best if:Eyes are covered The blood begins to clearThe blood vessels in the neck beat when there is a feverThere is another beating of the blood vesselsThe legs, the hands begin to fallThe consciousness changesThe breathing does not workCPR does not work It is not good for the following reasons:If the head is not properly placedThe throat is not properly closedThe throat is not properly closedThe throat is not properly coveredThe patient is not placed in a comfortable positionThe donor's hand is not properly placed assistanceToo long stay in the shadowInsufficient shadowThe shadow may be too fast or too slowThe return of the shadow during the shadow should be 50:50Placement of the patient after looking at the eyes :This position helps the conscious and unconscious patient to breathe by allowing the fluid to flow from the head and neck, causing breathing difficulties.
He also needs not to have too many niuts that can affect his food.
AIS SujaJezebel was a Gentile who did not know about the living God, one of the ancient kings of Israel named Ahab took her as his wife in the years 874 – 853 B.C or BC.
NPP Spokesperson HM Shangpliang said that instead of these three persons, the government has appointed IW Ingty, IAS as Director of Inquiry and Prosecution along with three officers including Chalang G. Momin, John C Sangma and Bah Banteilang Diengngan.
She congratulated those who have donated and hoped that it will grow from year to year.
The EM said that the courage of foreigners to turn to Iewduh to set up their trading centre, even without permits and trading license, is because for more than 20 years no one has been able to trade. “But now we will not allow, if there is no license, we will close the plain,” said Bah Latiplang.
The JJM scheme is a scheme introduced by the Central Government to provide drinking water to all households in rural areas across India.
Speaking on the other hand, Bah GG Bung Snaitang, President of UDP Ranikor Circle, said that the unity among the many ethnic groups is very important as it is in these areas. Unity is an essential part of any struggle, as the saying goes, “Together we stand and fall”.
Partho Chakraborty, Program Executive, DDK Shillong will conduct the workshop.
The capacity of the machine is 1.5 cubic meters which weighs 10 tonnes of garbage and the machine was awarded the 14th Finance Commission Award worth T.41,20,4 -.
MePDCL in the past dry months, has cut off electricity for between 8-10 hours a day in the State, which has severely affected the poor and low income households due to the lack of support to buy electricity. other ways to light your own household.
These leaders and members of the UDP 5-Sutnga Saipung Block were sworn in by the President of the UDP East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Fineliness Bareh.
This was also an opportunity to discuss the findings and measures to improve education in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, those who are studying from the local pla jong demanded that the government should appoint them like those who study from the government and said that the government should give them the same job. those who study from their own funds and those who study from the government.
Tiwari.
Shillong, July 24: The Minot Multi-Function Society (MMFS) on Tuesday held a meeting to promote tourism in Mawkdok area. gather the community to raise awareness and provide training on how to promote tourism as a source of income.
The construction of water pipes has started around the JJM scheme but the money has been spent to purchase the water pipes without thinking about where the water will come from.
At that time, the rich of our state, who have a lot of wealth while they can no longer buy rice, will go to the villages to buy 10 byrni of money and 10 byrni of rice.
Please know that there has been a strong struggle until the loss of Sohiong, the independence of each constituency.
It is not clear why such objections arise.
Joey scored the first goal just four minutes into the game and repeated just two minutes later.
The corona virus in the state is a very secretive matter, where it is not only possible to tell whether the patients are men or women, or whether they live anywhere else. your name).
He said that the increase in the number of people who do not have ration cards may be due to the fact that the registration for ration cards will continue until
Thanks to the hard work of the College management, the foundation stone of the College was laid on 15th April, 2006 by (L) PR Kyndiah (MP) Lok Sabha and on 6th April, On 29 May 2012, the building of the college was inaugurated by Paban S. Ghatowar, Minister of State for North Eastern Region, followed by the Commerce Stream and Science Stream.
If you ask many of the ancestors what they know about their sword, or about the great thinkers of the nation, the answer will be closer to those who know well, but it is just a thought. There are also those who answer with a smile, because in the schools where they attend, the children do not receive adequate training or knowledge for the heroes of the country, who have fought to defend their country. the nation, from the invasion, the invasion and the establishment of a new religion.
The funeral of the child will be held on Saturday and will also take place in Paris, where the child lives and has been allowed to be killed.
People have been banned from entering the golf course and this has been done in collaboration with the neighboring village authorities like Pynthor, Lumshyiap, and others as well as the district authorities.
Rahul has been in power from Amethi since 2004, while Sonia Gandhi has been in power from Rae Bareli since
The Union Minister said that more than 31 crore people have received Ayushman cards to get treatment in hospitals where families have received free treatment up to T.5 lakh. In the past year, 11,000 Jan Aushadhi Kendras have been opened at 50-80 percent lower prices for medicines, more than 1.64 lakh Ayushman Arogya Mandirs have emerged, which are considered as Health Gate Keeper of Indian citizens and a complete health surveillance system and a treatment initiative implemented from 48 BSL Labs"
The bloodshed in Manipur has claimed the lives of more than 200 people from both the Meitei and Kuki communities. all.
Shillong, July 04 : A vehicle of Mawphor has escaped from the ground floor of a house in Mawlai Mawiongrim on Friday morning.
“The presence of the football stadium will benefit not only Lumdaitkhla, but Eastern Ri Bhoi and Ri Bhoi as a whole,” he added.
There are 30,27,925 confirmed cases so far.
Thus, the discussion began to intensify and Prof Majaw with confidence gave a strong answer.
Furthermore, Mawphor in the past few months has tried to talk to some of the residents who use the Rapido for their travel. more than the price of the Rapido App at the time of booking.
New Delhi: Congress Leader Rahul Gandhi has been resigned from the Lok Sabha (MP) after a High Court in Surat on October 23 convicted him in a case. I don't want to be afraid of the statement against “Jait Modi”.
The turnout increased by 5.23 per cent compared to 71.37 per cent in the 2019 Lok Sabha elections.
However, if they speak against all these things, they become enemies and call them “racists” and may face punishment.
We know that Bah Lyngdoh has tried to destroy KHNAM but we are friends,” said Bah Saibon. The dorbar will start on the 28th of this month.
Experience and ability should go hand in hand.
The settlement of the border is the most important issue between the two states, Meghalaya and Assam and requires the cooperation of all political parties. anywhere.
This is what happened today.
Not only that, but the present Government has taken great care by discussing from time to time how to introduce a transparent electricity distribution and metering system and to provide benefits to the people.
The final quarter final match of this tournament will be played today between Tynring SC and Nongkseh SC at 2 pm at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium, Polo.
She said that until now, they have not received their payment for the work done in 2012-2
The Seng also reminds that this project has been funded by the Central Government at a cost of Rs 48 crore.
However, Riatsaliya didn't lose two goals and managed to score the first goal through Soki Dkhar (20).
Freedom depends on the hands of each and every one of us the people living in our own country where we will stand to witness and defend our own country and nation.
The scheme will also enable States to develop or develop tools or information systems to teach children in schools.
“All departments, including the Police, SDRF, Army, Paramilitary, Health, PDD, PHE, ULB, Information, Labour, Fire and Emergency, Education, and Animal Husbandry have been involved in the needs and animal husbandry. The establishment of SANJY has been through the use of its personnel and equipment,” the statement said.
“The claim that there was an attempt to harm the Prime Minister is wrong and the police should be blamed for their inability to provide security.
When the woman's daughter is born, the whole world gathers around her.
“There is a misunderstanding of forty kinds of skit, I don't know, there are no more but those who open sit only in the ship, the ship can sail well only in Nan Polok which is afraid of sinking,” he said. said Prestone.
The statement came on the report of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) for the year 2020, which said that this report is false.
What we are surprised is how the Executive Committee of KHADC during the tenure of CEM Bah Ardent Basaiamoit and Bah PN Syiem approved these three proposals.
The counting of votes for the election of the new MDC from the 26-Langrin Constituency will be held on the 28th of this month and the re-polling will be held on the 3rd of October.
A group of NPP leaders led by Conrad K Sangma has met with the relatives of the victims and promised to demand that the government should give justice to the victims. these people.
Tbn Moris is one of the prominent leaders of East Jaintia Hills District who has a strong spirit and to give advice in any work for the benefit of the people.
Yesterday it happened in Manipur, tomorrow it could happen in Meghalaya or other parts of the country.
The President of the PFR, Bah Franky Kharumnuid and Bah Rilang Mylliempdah, expressed their pride that after the training of their youngest child, on such a day, Lamang was able to arrive. have been selected to this level to play for other clubs outside the state.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 23: Leaders of the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Sengkmie, today visited Umsawnongkharai village, Ri Bhoi District, to resolve the issues related to the riots. village only for the sake of the post of Rangbah Shnong, which has also affected even the development works in the villages.
NONGPOH: The Sharpingwel Lyngdoh Memorial Football Tournament of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has concluded with the Sharpingwel Lyngdoh Memorial Football Tournament. They beat Saiden Lumpdeng 2-0
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that in such a celebration, it is necessary to remember those who took part in the struggle for the independence of Meghalaya.
In the past 134 days, the average distribution of medicines has been only 16 lakh doses per day.
At the same time, he said that sports these days are no longer just for entertainment for individuals or for spectators but it has become one of the sources of employment for those who know how to use. righteousness is the gift that God has given them.
Khliehriat, July 02: A woman named Kong Lita Ryngkhlem has been allegedly murdered by a robber named Monkiru Chyrmang, 29, who was arrested on Wednesday morning. you call yourself Swet.
You can buy 6 to 1,000 pieces of tea.
The elections to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly will be held on 27th June and votes will be counted on 2nd October.
Other districts with HIV positive cases are Baksa (11), Udalguri (22), Hailakandi (23), Dhemaji (39), Morigaon (50), Lakhimpur (57), Dima Hasao (59), Nalbari. (65), Darrang (66), Sivasagar (70), Kamrup Rural (86) and Goalpara (93).
Such people will go straight to hell.
We are sorry that there is no peace and for this reason all the believers in our religious state, we hold special prayers on this, because we want peace in Manipur”.
They sent him to Tennessee.
In his short speech, the Chief Guest congratulated the Khatarshnong Area Sports Club for taking this initiative to hold the league in the hope that this will help in the development of football. urge the youth to be hardworking and respectful of authority.
The Minister also said that the beneficiaries should have received detailed information about the schemes.
Drinking water throughout the day is essential for the health of the kidneys.
Many parents also use the word akor as a ksew by comparing their children to the value of a ksew.
On this day, I was shocked when I heard her speech and before speaking, Soryy said that I am saying this not to criticize but to tell the truth.
He said that receiving information from RTI alone is not enough as the people involved in corruption have not been punished.
Besides the heroin, 148.46 kilograms of Cannabis, 78.82 kilograms of Methamphetamine and other drugs were also seized.
The arrested suspect claimed to be the Self-Style Area Commander of East Khasi Hills District, police said.
Dr. AC Mawthoh Naturopathy and Yoga and Dr. Bila Chyrmang Ayush Hospital Bhoirymbong were also present on the occasion. Ayush Hospital is located in the district.
“We request all the Dorbar Shnongs to invite the people to come out on that day,” said the statement.
Articles- Tiensin tienong : which is the name of the tienpasoh according to their status and rank.
“Although the Congress party in the past years has faced many challenges, many of which have prevented us from serving the people, the 2023 election has been closed and “On the other hand, the party will bring forward a manifesto to look into the backlog of many jobs,” she added.
The minister's remarks came two days after Priyanka joined politics and was appointed as the General Secretary of East Uttar Pradesh. Rahul Gandhi, who is your brother.
For more information please contact: I.Muksor (General Secretary, AJCA) W.Sohlang – 9863043885 (Chairman, Tournament Committee) H.Passah – 70052217560 -7005923636 (Asst.Secretary, Tournament Committee).
Lanong said the Northeast Multimedia Campaign will also serve as an education to avoid unclean marriage without any protection and also to educate not to discriminate against others who are affected by the disease.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today said that another person who has just returned from Uttarakhand has tested positive for Covid-19, bringing the total number of cases in the state to they didn't get sick.
Chyne said that today he received information that there are many foreigners standing in line at Sohra Civil Sub-Division because the SDO has called them to register their names.
There is a saying of someone who says “RI JAINTIA WIAR NAM” if we take these words we don't know how the future of this great Hima will be. It was a powerful and ruling Hima from the time of Syiem Prabat Roy to the time of Rajendra Singh, who was overthrown by the French in
Currently, India has started 172 GW of renewable electricity, with an additional 84 GW under various stages of implementation.
Panah moved himself off the bed.
Swapnil Tembe has been promoted as Joint Secretary, School Education & Literacy and Special Project Director, SSA. Vibhor Agarwal, IAS (RR: 2019) has been appointed as Deputy Commissioner, East Garo Hills District. , Williamnagar.
Shillong, June 23: “The elderly are responsible for the family.
Therefore, he urged the residents to take advantage of this opportunity which will benefit their homes and through these stalls people can enter and get light for the purpose of improve their lives.
According to the complaint lodged with the Mairang Police Station, Bah John Syiemlieh was on his way from Markasa area to carry shyiap in a truck number ML-10-9 The shyiap was built at the gate of Markasa.
United have 10 points while Juventus have 12 points in Group H. Juventus beat Valencia 1-0 on Saturday. Mandzukic in the 59th minute.
Thus, the State will have two universities to open the way for colleges to join this new university.
Tiewmihpli Lyngdoh, wife of Rikut N Parien, resident of Tuberkmaishnong, East Jaintia Hills District, passed away on 12/07/2
On this issue, the HYC Mawshynrut said that as the people of Mawshynrut, they understand that there is a power outage in the state as a whole, but what is surprising is that in Mawshynrut area, the power outage has been going on for months.
Bah Adelbert was speaking at a public awareness campaign on the vaccination against Covid-19 held by the district authorities at the Dorbar Hall of the Mission. The compound is located in Mawkhar.
“Rule 7 (2) has not been passed by the State Government because the existing Service Rules have not been approved by the Cabinet or the House.
They said that in this complaint, the residents of Thyllaw have lodged a complaint against Bah Don Pdahkasiej who has died for more than 5 years. now.
And it will also fight the Battle of Armageddon so this inheritance of the people of Israel will last until the reign of the beast, the battle of Armageddon, until the time when Jesus comes down on the Mount of Olives.
Many Khasi chiefs, such as Bormanik (the chief of the Shillong Hima) joined Tirot Singh in the fight against the British East India Company.
Thus, with the intellectual knowledge of such intellectuals, they have been able to unite the hearing and speech disabled in society and to start from scratch as well as to participate in various activities. you read, you work.
There is also the freedom to change parties from one party to another.
Rev.AT Sohliya gave a short speech on the establishment of the Child Development Centre. Before the opening of this Center, the villagers have met with the villagers to discuss the fact that the dropout rate of the children is about 60% according to the survey. other.
He said that this year, although the price of synsar is not good, because the price has reached only 500 to 700 tyngka per kilo, but it has not lost much because of the cost of road work. no longer as long as before.
It was also approved to set up a temporary committee with RM Shabong as Chairman, Kmen Myrchiang as Vice Chairman, SS Manners General Secretary and Matthew Kongwang asstt. Secretary and Mr. Edmund Khongngai.
On the 10th of this month, a woman dropped an Iphone 11 Black from Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong into Ialong village inside an Alto 800 red.
Nongstoiñ: Two persons were injured in a road accident at Jaidohkroh Nongspung this evening at about 4.00 pm.
He said that this is the life and death of the people and the income of the state.
Shillong: Congress Leader Dr. Mukul Sangma and UDP Leader Paul Lyngdoh have started a fight between the two countries. in the crowd and so there was no need to talk to him anymore.
Shang-Poong 21.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the MP, Working President MPCC and MDC of the area said that these tournaments not only open the door for the young athletes from all over Mylliem to meet and get to know each other. but they also open the door for them to showcase their talents.
The Minister said that the date will be announced publicly in the days to repair the bridge or replace the bearings.
If you neglect your dental health, you can experience many problems such as dental disease and tooth decay which can cause lifelong problems.
The persecution of Christians is not only against other religions but also among fellow Christians.
Shillong, November 12: The All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (AMSSASTA) today held a meeting at the Community Hall, Mission Compound Shillong. 20th of this month from 11 am to 4 pm and the protest will continue until they get a reply from the government on their demand.
During this visit, I didn't have many expectations about this state, because I heard that this is one of the states that can implement the ILP. The behavior of this state surprises me.
Therefore, the Word of God invites all people today to come to God and be reconciled to God the Father while it is not too late for life, because human life is not perfect here on Earth.
However, despite the fact that Mawkhar had scored many goals, the substitute, Deligent Pdang, failed to convert the ball into the net.
In this age of technology, there are other ways in which the people can get electricity even when the electricity is turned off in the state but if you look closely at this, only The well-off and wealthy households can afford the machines that can generate electricity but the poor, the rich and the poor have to live without electricity.
“Our government has put health first and one of the strongholds of health are the thousands of ASHA workers across the state.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Sawkmie expressed his happiness to have been able to celebrate with the residents of Umpling Umjathang, who have entertained the children, youth and other residents.
The meeting was attended by UDP leaders from Ri Bhoi, Nongpoh MDC Balajied Ranee, Ri Bhoi Dorbar President RB Shadap and others.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Banteilang Kharumnuid, one of the escapees, said that when they were arrested in the villages for fear of being attacked, they fled to the forest with four of them. They hid in the forest until 3:30 pm when the police managed to leave the forest and arrived in Shillong at 6:00 pm.
According to police sources, the incident happened on the night of the 9th of this month in Phodumbah Village, when at 1.00 pm, the victim was shot dead. Meradis Lyngkhoi, 44, who has a mental disability, has stabbed her son and covered his mouth with a piece of cloth until he died.
The child is currently under the care of the Specialized Adoption Agency, Tiehsaw Nongstoin.
Corruption has been rampant in the state since 1983 and no government officer or minister has ever been punished by the law.
“This work is in progress and during this tenure of the government, we will be able to complete and upgrade the floors of the health centres”.
The house belongs to Kong Teilang Dkhar and the fire caused heavy damage.
The Ministry of Food Processing Industries has ordered the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department to suspend both the companies (M/s Rishan Rapsang and RGI, Chennai) as it is illegal to use the same products. The company will be the contractor and also the consultant to oversee the implementation of the project.
In this regard, it is helpful to remember that in the attempted assassination of Pope John Paul II in 1981 by Mehmet Ali Agca, Pope John Paul II, after recovering from the shooting, visit Agca in prison.
Has he been able to fulfill those demands? Have the street protests and closures of shops, schools, and traffic controls been beneficial? Doesn't this show that the protests of these organizations are only a threat to anyone? Doesn't it show that it is easy to demand by shouting on the street, but it is difficult to achieve? The protest against the implementation of the Inner Line Permit, a 147-year-old law, has revived, but only the 'riewpom' have been replaced.
Thus, this word can be related to the original Khasi word 'Step' which in English means – Morning.
Therefore, she urged all the participants to come forward to take up this scheme which is necessary for the preservation of the environment and the surrounding areas and forests and at the same time she urged them to participate in the session where they will put forward their own questions so that they can know and understand better about this scheme for their own benefit.
Amlarem, July 09: The Electoral Registration Officer (EIR) has announced that the list of voters for the Draft Electoral Roll for the 7th Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency has been prepared according to the census until as per the Registration of Electors (Second Amendment) Rules, 2022.
The fierce fighting has been going on inside the country, according to media reports. Although there are some MDC Congress members who love Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, they have not refused to obey the authorities. They still have to think about their own future because they too have been saved by their superiors to sit in the MDC seat. The PDF said that although the PDF wants to dissolve the EC of Bah Pynshngaiñ, another problem has arisen as they have not yet decided on the leadership of Bah Pynshngaiñ. two of their leaders in the group.
In Nongkrem constituency, there are many candidates, some of whom are Hubert Tariang of the HSPDP, Lambor Nongrum of the Congress, the BJP candidate and other independent candidates.
Shillong: Heavy rain and cold rain have fallen in Shillong and parts of East Khasi Hills Districts on Friday.
Paul tried to escape from the police station in Nongsning.
On receiving a tip on the incident, the police rushed to the scene to conduct investigation and to complete the requirements according to the law. Shillong: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has ordered the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Y.Tsering, to register a case under case number 66(08)2018 u/s 304A/279/337/427 IPC. He said that he should set up a higher inquiry team to investigate the death of five road workers due to electric shock, which happened last month in Lum Garo.
It was also informed that the midnight ceremony will also be the celebration of the Silver Jubilee.
The deceased were identified as Bahar Ali and Suraj Ali from Barbeta, Assam, Sayed Ali from Barbeta, while the injured were identified as Zipson Sangma, Hamen Marak and Raston. and Sanjoy Sangma, from Jyrmang village near the scene of the blast.
New Delhi, July 13: The Union Minister of State for Defense and Cooperation, Amit Shah today held a meeting with the Ministers in charge of Disaster Management of the States/Union Territories at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi. on the day of Baar.
Shillong, July 19 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on Thursday said that those who have been removed as members of the Lokayukta have close ties with the leaders of the Voice of the People Party (VPP).
However, their happiness has not come to fruition as the fight between the Governor and the state government is still going on.
"“It is unfortunate that the KHADC in the statement of the EM Incharge Elaka Bah Jambor War in the news that appeared in the past few days (6th November, 2022) has not said anything about the Ainam M Syiem has been removed from the post of Acting Syiem so that the investigation can continue, but he said that the election should be called.
On the other hand, the former President of FKJGP West Khasi Hills District, Bah Nathaniel Marshiangbai, while encouraging the members, said that although he is no longer in the party, his spirit is still there.
If a Hindu woman is touched, the hand should be cut off,” said Anantkumar Hegde at a meeting in Kodagu district of Karnataka.
She said that it is the situation of the village that God has opened the way for them to get the garbage truck because as an MDC she has never thought of giving the vehicle to Mawlynnong. Because it was decided quickly who will be elected because the constituency has changed and if it is wrong, it will be in vain.
Shillong: Prof. DRL Nonglait, President KAS, Dr. KD Ramsiej and Dr. RP Kharshiing, today met with Bah Ernest Mawrie, President, BJP Meghalaya State Unit. Dipayan Chakraborty, Vice President BJP, Meghalaya State Unit, requested them to talk to Union Home Minister Amit Shah to include the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
However, it is now clear that Malchapara and other areas in the Kizang Sector and Tarabari Sector have been forced to settle the border in the first phase. They were angry because they were angry.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Mawlai MDC Process T Sawkmie will be elected as Deputy Chief Executive Member while three others, James Syllang, Grace Mary Kharpuri and Hadrian Lyngdoh will be elected as Deputy Chief Executive Member. The ARPA has been appointed as the new Executive Member of the Executive Committee under the leadership of CEM Bah Pynshngain N Syiem.
“There will also be many other prizes for the players,” said Bah Pohshna.
He must repent not confess, and if he confesses, believe, and he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved" Mark 16:1
He said that the Engineering College at Sohra has not been completed yet and other development works have been pending.
“The central government will not act alone without consulting political parties and groups before bringing back the CAB after facing strong opposition from the people of the North East,” he said. .
A team can take up to three loan players and the registration fee is T.1000/- per player.
At 1:00 pm, the Holy Mass will begin and will be followed by the funeral of the Archbishop at the Laitumkhrah Church.
Jowai: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Jaintia Hills, today convened a meeting to discuss the problems caused by the lack of space for the Jowai Municipal Board to dispose of garbage from Jowai. After the opposition of the KSU and 6 villages to continue the spread of garbage from Jowai to Mynkjai.
The CBCI said Cardinal Toppo has been a priest for 54 years, a priest for 44 years and a cardinal for 19 years.
When asked whether the commission of inquiry will be jointly appointed by the two state governments, the Minister said, “We will discuss with Assam whether it will be jointly appointed or only on our part. investigation”.
When inquired from various government departments such as the State Pollution Control Board, the Forest Department, the Directorate of Mineral Resources and even the Khasi Hills District Council, they did not know who gave the permission to the stone traders.
At the same time, AMDA, RDS informs the residents of South West that the group 'Thy Miracle' Choice which took part in the South West Got Talent Audition will announce the results of the South West Got Talent Audition. Kolkata and Mumbai and has also received a certificate from Rising Star as proof.
Many discussions have also arisen on how the money received by the Council from the government for the maintenance of its forests, goes into the hands of the Forest Guard and not into the officers, CEMs or EMs. The CEM has sent an inquiry into the matter and the inquiry team is headed by DG Syiemiong Joint Secretary of the Council.
Besides, the Sordar of Mawryngkneng also explained to the district authorities that the residents do not have ration cards and this has made it difficult for the residents to get food items at the price stipulated by the government.
He said that once handed over, the company should complete the road within 24 months within 20km.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall has been recorded in Sohra today and the estimate, from 8.30 am to 5.30 pm, has reached 63.0mm.
The NECCC also sent a message of congratulations to the President of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) Mallikarjun Kharge, to all the KPCC leaders and to all the Congress leaders who have been the right hand and left hand in the meeting. the election campaign of the Indian National Congress which led to the Congress' glorious victory.
Bah PR Kyndiah, and Bah RT Rymbai, who have taken their children.
Speaking at the protest at the monument to Tirot Sing Syiem in Laitumkhrah, Shillong, NESO Chairman Samuel B Jyrwa said that with the support of all the concerned parties, NESO demands The Government of India should immediately call for talks with all stakeholders to bring peace and stability in Manipur.
To call 1078 and to explain the location of the refugee or the refugee where they are at that time so that they can get treatment as soon as possible.
He said that the union is against the use of coal trucks on the road, saying that the road was not built for the passage of coal trucks. Because it is a small road, it has damaged the truck if the movement of these coal trucks continues and which has caused difficulties in the traffic.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6 : The Election Commission of India (ECI) has directed the Chief Secretaries (CSs) and Directors Generals of Police (DGPs) of three states to participate in the 2023 MLA elections. Nagaland and Tripura to complete the transfer of officers and submit a report to the Commission on or before 15th November
The party office bearers are PK Raswai, Vice President Renikton Lyngdoh, Michael Myrthong, Ojendro Marngar and Bah Brospar Syiemlieh.
“As we gather for the Meghalaya Farmers Parliament and Farmers Day, it is a tribute to the strong foundation of our farmers.
The Publicity Secretary of the Seng, ER Langstang, said that the Lucky Draw scheduled to be held on 30th March has been postponed to 27th April 2024, due to unavoidable reasons.
Mohan had thrown himself into the water and he was the only one who knew how to throw himself into the water; but it is said, that when he came to a deeper place, he suddenly became weak and drowned.
Mawkyrwat, June 30: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) of South West Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) has launched a campaign to promote cleanliness in the surrounding areas and especially in the rivers. The Dorbar Shnong Mawkyrwat, the Village Youth Association, the Swimming Association (SWKHDSA) and the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle today held a cleanliness drive. Umnew is located in South West Khasi Hills District.
No matter how much they praised him, Peter laughed and returned the kind words and they just smiled. The life span of a person passes from one year to another.
Hellina Ch Marak won the best goalkeeper award, Gipanchi Ch Marak won the top scorer award while Silrime M Sangma won the best player award.
Santhosh had a face-to-face meeting with the leaders of various units of the BJP Shella Mandal who attended about 250 people at the meeting held at Mawlong.
Shahjer was the first Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima who came from Jaintia Hills from the family of Sutnga Syiems. He came to Nongkhlaw with his sister, Shaphlong.
For example, India has proposed several initiatives for digital solutions in health as part of its digital strategy launched in
Drivers are also urged to be vigilant and disciplined while driving and not to speed while passing through this road.
In the 69th minute, Lajong scored through Kynsai Khongshit to make it 2-0
He said that the government spends T.2,000 crore annually on the education sector, but even that is not enough.
Union Law Minister DV Sadananda Gowda has informed the Lok Sabha that there is no plan to vote online and the Election Commission (EC) will open the National Election. Roll Purification and Authentication Program (NERPAP) between October 3 and July 15,
Over the past ninety-five years, the Government of India has sent money to the accounts of beneficiaries through DBT (Direct Benefit Transfer).
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday held a meeting with officials from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in the presence of the Minister, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh to discuss the strengthening of the to improve the quality of health care in the state.
“Now you see that Bah Ardent and the VPP leaders are clean and beautiful, but after a while they will be cleaned. all ye round, shall ye turn away from us, when ye see that we are in trouble? or will you help me to cleanse myself?”, he said.
Through this tournament, although it is the first time for these young athletes, they have been able to bring name and glory to Ribhoi District by winning medals in various categories.
There are currently 16 households in each building.
When she reached home, her mother, as soon as she knew that she had failed, called the villagers together and sent for a sympathy tree before she set foot in the yard.
He said if we talk only about the border, why can't it be resolved? In 2009 to 2014, the Congress government in Delhi, Assam and Meghalaya did nothing to resolve the border.
The HYC Umïam Circle under the leadership of Samla Hercules Suting as President and Samla Tony Shylla as General Secretary also swore in all the leaders of the HYC Umïam Circle. leaders to serve the people of the area.
He also requested the government to take action on this issue and to ensure that the price of mur should be stable and that everyone should be under this control, in order to prevent those who take the law in hand with them to take advantage of this situation.
However, in the second half, Goa had more control of the ball and had many chances but they were wasted as no one scored. to him.
He said that the party understands these Khasi agents who are the leaders of the Bangladeshis illegally.
If anyone is sick or affected by this increase in temperature, they should immediately go to the doctor for immediate treatment and are also encouraged not to drink alcoholic beverages. , grapefruit juices, ORS and other anti-inflammatory agents.
Shillong: The Union Cabinet led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has continued the Pra dhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Anna scheme. The PM-GKAY scheme will last for three months, until November 2022 (Phase VI).
“iii).
In his speech, he said that Narendra Modi will be re-elected as the Prime Minister of India for the third term.
Four candidates have been nominated by the UDP and two others are non-UND candidates. These non-UDP candidates are the President of the Khasi Authors. Society, Dr. DRL Nonglait and former President of the HYC Robert June Kharjahrin.
He also contested the Lok Sabha elections in 2004 as a Samajwadi Party candidate.
It is sad to think that the number of people infected with HIV/AIDS has increased by 150% in the state between 2010 and
He also spoke about other ongoing projects, including the construction of Williamnagar College and the ongoing Mini Stadium in Williamnagar.
Therefore, the voice of each citizen has the same value and power as the voice of the civil society.
What do you know about Meghalaya?
Rupang asked whether during the construction of the road, engineers were sent to ensure that the cleaning or maintenance of the road was proper. Of course we send Junior Engineers and they are present at those places during the implementation of the work,” said Bah Rilang.
It is worth mentioning that the UDP intends to give the MLA ticket from Nongkrem in 2023 to Bah Lambor Malngiang who is an independent MLA from the constituency.
As usual every year, it was seen that the people gathered at Madan Polo with the sound of laughter but now it is quiet and vehicles are running smoothly without any traffic jam as in other years.
The JYF said that any students who have not yet received admission can come to their office at Mookyrdup, Jowai.
On March 6, 2014, at 5 pm, the Ganesh Das Hospital, which was built in 1935 in Lawmali, caught fire after the transformer of MeCEL near the hospital, collapsed.
(chod air shñiaw, throw air pait).
They tyngkhip-tyngkhien and jingong, in their speech and story, they have covered themselves, even with their memories, to their Mynnor before they raised their self-esteem, even if we don't. with light is wrong.
To remind, we should all ask why the Khasi state appears in the first article of the Constitution of India. We also want to see those reasons why the Government of India does not accept the IOA as said by the Minister. to get your rights.
The rally will start at 12 noon in Amlarem to demand a fair trial for Bah Che.
Sangma said he had spoken to Himanta Biswa Sarma to take a decision on the survey of Block I and Khanduli-Psiar, but the delay was due to the presence of some that election.
At 5 pm, police from the OC of Sardar Police Station and his police rushed to Umsohsun area, Motphran to patrol for any disturbance as soon as the president of the KSU left. The President of the KSU left the jail in the evening and members of the KSU went to accompany him and for this reason, the police had to be on high alert.
“It has been about six months but nothing has been done regarding the demand for self-determination from the Manipur government. In two months, we will set up our own government, if the central government recognizes or not, we will move forward, whether in the states or Union Territories, we will set up a government to look after all the “We have to do this because no one has heard our voice,” said ITLF spokesperson Ginza Vualzong.
Syntu, although she is a widow, never fails to visit and comfort those who are sick and suffering, who live nearby with the wish that they will recover soon and give help as much as you can, to those who need help.
“You have explained these things well and all this that has happened to you will make you wise and will make you wise at the same time,” said the mother. “I'll go and hire some more lucrative job to cover this expense of yours, mother,” said the son. “What does that lucrative job earn?” asked the mother.
Shillong, July 27 : As part of the campaign to encourage the youth, men and women, the elderly and mothers of the state to count their votes, the PFR Football Academy on Friday this month National Voters Day was celebrated at Madan Malki in the presence of youth, elderly and parents from different districts.
The meeting was concluded with a welcome speech by Bah, H. Wahlang, Junior Engineer, MNREDA, Nongstoiñ. Sylleiawkheiñ to demonstrate and explain in detail the working of biogas.
On the other hand, Tenzing Tsering said that after receiving information that many youths in the state have become addicted to drugs, it has made him feel responsible to do something to free the youths from this addiction. .
“On receiving information that some of the fish have died, we went to inspect the river on Sunday and found that it is true that all the fish have died. , said Bah Rymbai.
As soon as the bird was caught, the chief of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Thwel Syiem, phoned Rupang and asked for help to inform the wildlife authorities. They went to the Wildlife Department to report the incident and after a while, people from the Department came to take the pukni.
He said that the cooperation within the KHADC is because there is a plan to amend Article 6 of the Constitution of India which is the life and death of the nation. “The Congress cooperation in KHADC came after the Congress meeting, and we don't want the Governor's rule, and because there will be an amendment to the 6th Schedule, we need responsibility. “The Governor of the Union Government will amend Article 6 at will so that the loss of land, property or ownership of the land will end so we have to work together,” said Bah RV. Lyngdoh while talking to media.
Speaking on the evil deeds which have started to spread in these days, he said that it is necessary to curb such problems by starting to teach, to advise and to strengthen in the homes of the children. households, in the villages with the assistance of the VDPs because if there is a lack of training and education, the children will also become destroyed.
When asked whether a non-member of the HSPDP can apply for a ticket, he replied, “According to the Constitution, only a full member of the party or a Primary Member can apply for a ticket”. .
Police from Majai Outpost and Sohra rushed to Ichamati to stop the incident.
The Dorbar Shnong Khanduli has lodged a complaint only against the KAAC, but many allegations have been made against the Khanduli by the Karbi.
At the same time, he said that as the Minister of Home Affairs, the meetings with the people and the political parties will continue to feel the pain and to maintain peace and order.
Jaish said the vehicle, which was driven by the suspect, contained 350 kilograms of explosives.
On this occasion, 11 students who have passed well and received Distinction through the Free Coaching Program and 3 students who have entered the Top of SSLC and Larisa Lamin who entered the Top-10 of HSSLC (Arts Stream).
Bruce Lee is not only a Puron to act in films, but he is a fast, skilled and intelligent actor.
The last day of the 10-month celebration in Shillong was held at the office of the Advocate General (A&E), Shillong on 24th November 2023. Shillong have spoken on the uniqueness of this program and the role of the CAG teams in bringing responsibility according to their duties as explained in the Constitution of the country.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said, “We welcome the decision of the Government of India to reduce the number of AFSPA areas in the North East.
With a thorough study of the disease, they can receive new treatments such as targeted and hormonal treatments.
Your life is no longer useful,When it comes,Don't count your life as worthless,Lest we be destroyed by it.
In addition, the investigation team found that the petrol was also smuggled because the coupons were signed by AIG (A).
During his visit to Siju, Sangma handed over FOCUS plus cards to the beneficiaries and checks worth T.28 lakh to the Self Help Groups under the MSRLS.
Conrad won the mid-term elections after the death of Conrad's father, PA Sangma, against Dikanchi Shira, the wife of Mukul Sangma.
Bah Tariang said that this market is not only to sell to the farmers, but also to sell to the fish traders in the state and they will sell to other markets.
To encourage and motivate the students, the Wahingdoh Secondary School Union and the Wahingdoh Youth Association also honored the students who passed the SSLC,
The JSM said that Khanduli falls under the jurisdiction of the Namdong C&RD Block of West Jaintia Hills District.
The signatories of the letter, including Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, Bah Auguster Jyrwa and Rev K Pyrtuh, invite those who wish to attend the meeting.
Perhaps by doing so, the entry of heavy vehicles carrying agricultural products will no longer have to enter Ïewduh but directly to those designated areas.
However, after the entire vehicle was searched, nearly 30 boxes of soap were recovered from the interior of the vehicle.
China's move comes just a month after it sent a team of three astronauts for its work.
Regarding this rejection by the CIC, Bah Rani has lodged a complaint with the Governor of Meghalaya to challenge the action of the CIC by saying that according to Section 18 (3) of the RTI Act, clearly state that there is no bar to an RTI applicant from filing a complaint with the CIC even after 18 months.
In the West, home-stay means that the owners rent a few rooms in their own home and the guests eat with the owners.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: U Nintu Kuri of Lyngkhat village has threatened to burn down his house and shop if he does not leave the village within three days. A man has lodged a complaint with the police that the door of his shop has been burnt down in Lyngkhat and some damage has been done.
Meghalaya has reached the final of the tournament after winning the zonal round in Agartala in November last year by beating Nagaland (6-1) and Manipur (1-0).
“Since 1952, the district council has come but until now, as the days go by, the rule of law has declined,” said Bah Pasi.
“Any citizen can fight against smuggling across the border and inform that the names of the informants will be kept confidential and a reward will be given,” the Custom office said.
Police said the exchange of fire lasted for about 15 minutes and the GNLA members who were guarding Rakkam were also senior members of the GNLA such as Geloram, Tolang and others. Lala and Robi are called Tarzan.
Police of Sunapur Police Station, on receiving a tip on the incident, rushed to the scene. They came to inform him and later they arrested the suspect.
The union also demanded that the Minister should open the Amphitheater at Police Reserve Saliny Colony Mihmyntdu-Jowai. The union said that the authorities have not yet opened it to the public for public use.
The BJP in Karnataka has vowed to stage a protest if the Congress government repeals the law against cow slaughter in the state.
He said that according to information received, more than Rs 5 crore has been spent on the maintenance of this road.
The training was conducted by the Program Officer of the NSS Unit.
The raid was led by Bah F.Kharsyntiew, in the presence of other Police Enforcement Officers of KHADC. Many foreign shops were raided and during the raid they found that some of them had proper documents and some of them did not have proper documents.
Chelsea coach Thomas Tuchel beat Man City coach Pep Guardiola on Saturday night in Porto, Portugal.
The SP said that some women who intend to block the road but they should know that the intention to block the road is illegal and they can be prosecuted. under the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the police will not forgive to lodge a complaint against them.
They are also great counselors and faithful teachers.
The MRSSA is also what we have approved.
The Director, Bah Pradip Kurbah also expressed his satisfaction with the contribution of the actress and producer of the Mumbai film industry as well as in South Indian films Vishakha Singh.
Without looking prejudiced or insulting anyone, but I will speak as I should speak to bring about something good requires work, and the joint hand of my right hand and yours. whether with the Government, or in any group, even at home without cooperation cannot shape a better future.
The two victims were identified as Skhemborlang Kharja and Tapon Das from Kurikhal village near Majai.
The Khasi Student Union (KSU) extends its full support to the Khasi Student Union (KSU) and on behalf of the F.K.J.GP, we extend our right hand and are ready to stand up and take any path. “There are many reasons why you shouldn't buy these products,” said Bah Marbud Dkhar, Chief Organizer of the FKJGP Central Body.
Many believe that the persecution, their people and blood, will cry out and reach the judgment seat of God, as others have felt in the past centuries.
At the hearing today, the Advocate General handed over a copy of the memorandum decided by the Government on the 10th to implement the Roster System in the state in all the posts of various government departments. based on the Reservation Policy.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: With 10 matches left in the round robin, the Meghalaya cricket team has already secured itself for the semi final by winning all four matches in the U-23 tournament. Arunachal Pradesh beat Arunachal Pradesh at the MCA Ground, Polo on Tuesday.
The body of the young woman was buried today at the Catholic Cemetery in Pamrakmai in the presence of the people from the village and surrounding villages, church leaders, teachers, student friends and various social organizations.
Other rules announced by Bah Ardent, which has pleased the public, are the announcement to remove all kyiad shops from the market, including those selling kyiad in restaurants and shops selling kyiad pyrsi, which have been sold until now. no signs were seen.
On the other hand, the SP of West Khasi Hills, Bashan J. Laloo, said that the police had seized these trucks because they did not have proper documents such as Challans and others.
We urge the DSEL department to consider improving education in the state instead of sending such unfounded letters.
The High Court has directed the Advocate General of the State Government to respond within three months.
However, before the expiry of the deadline, the JAC had met with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. me more.
This is also part of the celebration of the 97th Anniversary of the hospital.
The GSWSS Phase-III has been launched to provide water to Shillong. The remaining work of this Phase-III is the intake structure which will include a pump house, intermediate raw water sump and intermediate pump. House, Treatment Plant, to connect MS Pipes from Intake Well to Intermediate Raw Water Sump then from Intermediate Raw Water Sump to Intermediate Pump House and also from Intermediate Pump House to Treatment Plant : Then to connect DI Piper only a little in Lad Mawreng, then to install DI Pipe on PHE Mawphlang Waterway which runs through the Cantonment and to clean DI Pipe in many parts of Shillong (10 Zones) pending NOC ) from the PWD. To complete the work of Phase-III of the GWSS will take a long time, perhaps two or even three years and depends on the availability of funds by the PHE. At present, the PHE needs an additional fund of T.100 crore to complete the remaining work.
The Seng Khasi Kmie on 23rd November, has concluded the celebration of the Seng Kut Snem as part of the 124th Anniversary of its foundation to protect and preserve the uniqueness of the Khasi Khara children. inside this Bri of Hynniewtrep.
Bah Vinat Sangma, one of the elders of Malchapara, a village under the Nonglang Hima, said that the incident in the area in the past few months has been caused by a group of households in the village, who have banned these 25 youths from playing cricket in the village ground.
To reduce these health risks what is needed is to look at the small but effective good habits that the healthiest people in the world do and see how you can apply them in your life.
They stayed for many days and months to prepare for this new festival.
The first qualifier will be played on the 4th November between Ladthadlaboh and Sailung Ïalong at 1.00 pm.
Ronaldo had scored in the first half but was not allowed to score for offside by the referee at the Estadio da Luz.
Due to the lack of public information, the VEC officials have lodged a complaint against those who requested information, alleging that the pick-u has been stolen.
The Haryana State Pollution Control Board (HSPCB) has imposed an environmental compensation fee of more than Rs 1 crore on the Municipal Corporation of Gurugram (MCG) for failing to transport waste from the city. There is no dispensary in Malibu Towne which has been turned into a residential area on Sohna Road.
Others who were invited included Oristar Syiemtwa, Sweety Lawriniang, Artis Ryntathiang and others.
At present, about eight persons have been arrested and another person has been imprisoned for his attempt to destroy the evidence,” Das said.
Choudhury said it was these small banks that saved India from the financial crisis at a time when the world economy was slowly declining.
It was also noted that many foreign owners, who are coal traders, came to listen to the hearing. One of the foreign coal traders in Ri-Lum Garo said that he has many coal traders. He said that not only the traders or owners of the trucks are suffering from this decision but the drivers of the trucks are not getting jobs anymore. He said that even the shops selling kwai are no longer able to earn money in the area where he sells coal because the main income in the area is through coal.
This is the second defeat of Lajong in the I-League.
Shillong, November 21: The Bouncer Association of Meghalaya (BOUA) has concluded the Shillong Arm Fight 2023 at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
Kitbor Nongtdu, Hameki Lamoo from Jaintia Eastern College, Gloria Chyrmang and Medifullda Muksor from JE Higher Secondary School won the Drawing & Painting Competition on the theme “Ban Conservation of Environment” and traditional songs.
He said that this data collection will help because we will know more about the water availability in the rivers by using satellite, drone and others.
When she passed the results, she reached the High Second Division and received distinction in two subjects – Khasi and History.
In Manipur, the Chief Minister, Biren Singh, who is also the leader of the BJP party in Manipur, has said that there is no need for the NPP to be in the government because of the Only the BJP party has received its majority.
He said that the department has already done what is necessary to distribute it to different districts.
Regarding the demand for the improvement of the area, Bah Paul Lyngdoh promised to take care of the issue especially the basic needs such as road, seating areas and directed the District Tourism Department. Officer of Ri-Bhoi District to inspect the site and what can be done to improve the site for the development of tourism in the site.
Speaking as the chief guest at the meeting, Bah Titos said that the Council has a vision to improve the development of the area for the benefit of the people.
Charles said the opposition members do not want to politicize the issue.
Tripura has recorded an increase in the number of cases of Covid-19 with 16 new cases, bringing the total number of cases to
Sonstar Nongkhlaw and Sumarlang Lyngdoh, Assistant General Secretary, Barikula Nongsiej, Organization Secretary and Biangbor Paliar, Education Secretary. Readyonstone Nongrum, Truelywell Lyngdoh and Michael Lawai Lyngdoh, Ostarnic Marbaniang, Reallystar Nongspung and Rapbor Nongrum, Office Secretary.
He said that the cause of the flooding is also because there are no drains on the bridge and for that reason the water stagnates on the bridge causing damage and collapse of the road.
John said the BJP government's introduction of the law ban ban the slaughter of cows in India is an act of violence and violence against the democracy which India has had since ancient times. people in this country are free in food and drink, religious services, language and so on.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Mukul said that the Shillong Medical College should have been built now but it is too late to relocate the TB hospital from Mawprem to Umsawli to Mawdiangdiang. Something New.
The union demanded that MeECL should immediately install a new transformer so that the residents can escape from this problem especially at night.
During the raid, they found the suspected poachers within the boundary of the forest which is prohibited from entering.
Do you know if this is true or not? When Amit Shah sent to Delhi, he sent through the Chief Minister and not through Amit Shah.
The number of cases has risen to 928 and the death toll has risen to 1,5
The AIFF Baby League offers opportunities for juniors from the ages of U-7, U-9, U-11 and U-1
He said that Malai Sohmat (Minister), Assam Govt; According to the 1947 census, it has a population of 584 inhabitants (compared to 11,302 inhabitants in Cherra and 13,334 inhabitants in Jowai). The central subject is the plant.
Jerimaiah was named Player of the Match.
This year, the company has taken the initiative to produce clothes that are up to date and also attract the attention of the youth.
Revelation 20:1-6 / 1 Corinthians 15:2
Regarding the shortcomings in the Sub Centre, the Jirang MLA urged the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to provide a proper building and other facilities inside the Sub Centre. in order to solve the problems faced by the people in the area.
The Dorbar also decided that the Executive Committee will set up an independent inquiry team to investigate the construction of the road from Wahkaji to Mawthabah which is supervised by the District Council.
He said the training was given in Bangladesh with the assistance of ULFA. Most of them, according to Krewingbirth, are children between 15 and 16 years old.
Ajay Jamwalji, along with BJP leaders, met with the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma today.
You can also select this selection.
Witness contested the MLA election from Jirang constituency and was defeated by Sosthenes Sohtun of the National People's Party.
But we don't want to do anything now, but we'll go slowly.
However, this joint election of candidates by the Dorbar Shnong has violated the right of the residents to freely elect their leaders.
He said that the government has taken many steps to resolve such power outages by signing MoUs with power outages but for many reasons even these “We hope that in the coming years we will be able to completely eliminate such problems that have plagued the state for a long time,” said AT Mondal.
Children should develop the habit of reading newspapers every day.
Earlier, the Minister honored the winners of the MBOSE examination and launched the Souvenir of the Jubilee and a book prepared by the President of the Managing Committee of the school.
Tynsong said that since July, the government has not released any more shalan after receiving the order from the High Court, but now, after the High Court has rejected this, the government has not released the shalan. The State shall release the shallans for the export of this mineral to other countries.
“Tomorrow I will meet with the leaders of the four parties and I will ensure that the door of the Secretariat is open for everyone to come and talk to the government,” he said.
This program will be called the Chief Minister's ELEVATE Program and will be a single window to address all the needs of entrepreneurs when starting a business”.
These are the problems faced by the people in the rural areas every day.
“This shows that the ongoing outside conflict and the people of Meghalaya need to get an answer.
“I feel that the government has tried, but it doesn't really intend to call for talks,” Pala said.
“The silence of the government on the decision of the VC of NEHU to implement the NEP 2020 has angered everyone.
The price of Ganja will be about T.4.50 lakh,” he added.
Shillong, Nailar 6: CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing today held a meeting with government officials who came to survey the site for the construction of a road in Shillong.
The Committee has appointed several senior teachers and also from the media to observe the smooth running of the election.
Two KSU leaders were arrested on the 27th of July at Ronghana-Byrnihat. They are the President of North Khasi Hills, Ferdynald Kharkamni. and Assistant Secretary of KSU Sengkmie Sonstar Nongkhlaw.
This was during a two-day search operation by the police for the theft of a vehicle at Sohra Police station. and it came to Laitsohpliah, which is above Sohra.
In terms of T-TEP, TKM is involved with 63 ITI/Diploma Institutes located in 26 states.
Titos said that even unnecessary departments will not be allowed to operate, employees living in containment areas will not be allowed to come to work and also those who are sick. and they that are weary shall not be allowed to come to work.
In the letter, it was sent to the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District; The JSM said that the foundation stone of the project was laid on 10th November 2020 by the former DC of the District, Bah FM Dopth; but this work has been suspended and left unfinished until these days.
Jowai, Lber 9:A man has lost his precious life after a high tension light wire cut off and fell to the ground. Juti u struck the wire in the darkness of the night and was electrocuted until he died.
Shillong: The Commissioner & Secretary Health and Family Welfare Department, Government of Meghalaya, on Tuesday, 20th November 2021, announced that the price of , is after complaints from the public, that private hospitals, have charged too high prices, for those who go for treatment, for covid-19.
“If anyone wants to name the great personalities of the state, they should first talk to their families and get approval before they want to change the names of places or roads in the state,” he said. Sanbor Shullai on the request of the KSU to change the name of Zizag Road to Hoping Stone Lyngdoh Road.
The final match was between St. Anthony's HSS and Umphyrnai Presbyterian HSS in the U-17 (Boys) category.
Owaisi further accused Modi of inciting racial discrimination and hatred between Muslims and Dalits since
The Ahoms have been proven to have come from the east of Burma and Loos. They will begin the investigation of the new Hynniewtrep country from the eastern parts of Burma (Mayanmar) and Laos.
Through MCSWA many youths have been able to stand on their own feet.
Hesmiki Rymbai scored the goals for Rymbai in the 24th and 59th minutes.
The injured child was taken to Woodland Hospital by a local taxi.
The Government should have a proper policy and implementers who are clear about its objectives, because most of the time the law will remain on file, without implementation.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to a question by Bah Nujorki Sungoh, UDP, said that the government is considering the demand to extend the age of appointment. .
Because they are the ones who know and understand the nature of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people,” said Banteidor.
Regarding the land dealers, Bah Paul said that the land dealers will be relocated to existing areas like MUDA, Polo and Motphran, which have been handed over to the district administrations of East Khasi Hills and Shillong. The Municipal Board does not have a list of land owners.
The family members initially said that four children from Kalapani village between the ages of 8-10 went missing on Friday evening.
The celebration of this special day of teachers is to honor their great service in the promotion of education in this country and around the world.
In this regard, the Court will consider the matter again.
“The goal of having a systolic pressure of 140 or below 140 has been around for a long time and there is still doubt among some pharmacists or health care providers regarding it. "It's a good idea to have a higher blood pressure," said lead author of the study, Leah Goeres of Oregon State University in the United States. “Tymmen within 150 is very important, it is what we consider to be a slight or slight restriction,” said Goeres.
Dr. Syngkon has contested the MLA election from Umsning constituency, Ri Bhoi district but now the VPP has elected him as the MP Lok Sabha candidate.
Therefore, the government should formulate appropriate policies to increase fish production and the expenditure of funds on assistance to the people to build fish ponds, so that it will not be delayed. it is not as it was in all the years that have passed.
The two trucks were carrying refrigerators and nar rods to Assam, but when they reached Sunapur near the temple, they fell into a 200 feet deep river, said the residents.
This was announced by Samla Banlumlang Nonglang, Publicity Secretary of the KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit.
And we as the residents of the village used to wait at night on the village roads (petroling) for this purpose, regardless of the time because we want to avoid this disease.
On the other hand, the Seng will continue to monitor this matter to the higher authorities of the government so that the hostel will be operational.
The Minister said that about 33 universities have taken part in the Games in the state.
In this regard, police have arrested him and charged him under the offenses of robbery and murder for these acts of violence against the girl.
Police have arrested Arki and his follower, Bawanmi DKhar from Niriang.
The White House's denial came after Russia's Dmitry Peskov accused the United States of encouraging and supporting Ukraine to attack Putin in the incident.
The board of Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL) has decided to dismiss 54,000 of its employees and said the decision will be implemented after the Lok Sabha elections, the report said.
Shillong, July 30: RTI seeker Disparsing Rani has alleged that the Meghalaya Health Department has misused up to T.43 crore of the funds received from the central government for the fight against corruption. against the COVID-19 pandemic.
Because according to the Juvenile Justice Act especially according to Section 77, the vendors of various tobacco products, Raja Khoini, Khoini, Talab, Zarda, Rajnigandha, Shekhar and so on are prohibited. etc. as well as intoxicating liquor such as cigarettes, kyiad and others to be sold to school children or children under the age of
"Don't say happy even when you become a Christian," said Aitilin, surprising Hiram, who had never heard such a thing. "What do you mean, mother?" “Shu ong beit if God allows me to become a human being,” she explained. “Kumta pleng!” Hiram said, "That's right," she said with a smile. Thus passed the days and times. The family of Hiram and Aitilin were filled with joy together with their mother-in-law, who had begun to sprout three powa from Haba's head. Naphibanbet was 3 years old and Aitilin had another child by a very beautiful woman.
Later, health became the cause of persecution.
“It's a shame when Khyndai Lad is dirty to see foreigners visiting our country,” said Kong Warjri at a meeting of the Shillong Municipal Board and Urban Affairs Department at Seng School. Khasi Jaiaw, Shillong is for the village of Jaiaw Laitdom.
“The situation has become very tense, we can't sleep at night, there has been a fire in vehicles, houses, outside the school grounds and even in the whole city of Imphal.
“The Congress is the party of all from Kashmir to Kanyakumari, no white or black and no religion, no ethnicity, but it is a party for all the citizens of the country,” he said. .
On this occasion, the screen showed the photographs taken at Wah Myntdu from Jowai Bypass Mihmyntdu, Jowai Bypass to Khlieh Kai Ksoo, Ïalong.
On the other hand, Bah Staising Kharbteng, who was in charge of the march, said that as the villagers of the area, they took this step because they wanted to introduce their area. They hope that their dream will come true one day so that it will open up opportunities to improve the income or employment opportunities of the villagers especially the youth.
Therefore, the Federation urges all the people with disabilities and those under the umbrella of the Federation to come and join the protest to force the government to fully implement them. rights of persons with disabilities especially in the field of employment which is 4% according to the allocation of the Central Government through the Rights of Person with Disabilities Act
The Seng will also ensure that the amendment of the Sixth Schedule through the 125th Amendment Bill of the Constitution of India, should not affect the Hynniewtrep people.
According to sources, the relatives of the woman have lodged an FIR and alleged that Kushal was involved in the murder of Urmila.
He said that the working power of the GHADC is not under the jurisdiction of the State Government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26 : The North East Students Organization (NESO) has re-elected former President Samuel B Jyrwa as its Chairman at the General Council held at Khumulwng, Tripura from 24 to November.
Such yoga programs have also been conducted by Doordarshan Center Shillong and Tura for the employees of these offices at various Doordarshan Studio Complexes.
Khliehriat, November 10: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 has now reached its semi final which was held on Saturday at Deinchynrum Stadium, EJHD. EJHDFA).
Let us also turn to the illegal toll gates, which are different and according to the findings of the Meghalaya Commercial Truck Owners and Drivers Association (MCTO&DA). ).
This is wrong, we as human beings can earn according to our ability and hard work,” he said.
The Executive Engineer of PWD Mawkyrwat Division, on receiving the complaint, said that he too has been concerned about the maintenance of these roads. He said that he will take strict action on this issue and promised to send a letter to the higher authorities of the government so that it can be fully resolved.
(Rev. 14:9–11).
However, speaking to media, party leaders said that the party has already nominated another candidate from Mawkyrwat, Bah Medal Singh to contest against Bah Renik in
He said that the teachers receive T.9000 per month while the MC has received T.2000 from the salary since
Furthermore, the party through the President of the party, Bah Ewanmi Phawa has warned against any foreigners who come to work in the state that they are not allowed to do any work. Otherwise, the party will not forgive them and will take strong action against these foreigners and the party urges other women who have experienced such incidents to be punished. They should come forward and tell the party not to hide or deceive the truth and the party will take the necessary action against these people.
“The purpose is to bring the people closer to the polling stations and the committee cannot say which constituency needs to be done but it depends on the understanding or opinion of the people,” said Dr. Kharsyiemlieh said that the Executive Committee of KHADC has not set a time limit but has to summit to complete the report as soon as possible.
Therefore, it is one of the most important departments and it will have to be the department that will have to spend the most money out of all the departments of the government.
In the final, St Anthony's College led by Christina Themsingphi AS and Debashish Kakati became the winners while KL Bajoria College led by Dondor Nongrum and Kenneth Lalringlien came second. Shillong Law College, Shillong Law College.
The Waheh Shnong of Khliehrangnah, W Sutnga, praised the work of the SHGs through the VO and said that the presence of the SHGs has transformed the village and the income of the households. who are in the city.
On the other hand, the MLA also expressed his satisfaction to be able to hand over the work orders on that day for the development works and benefits in the area.
On the other hand, u Wailad said that the first time he has set a goal to bring another project to distribute water in Jowai, as well as another Govt College in Jowai because at present it has made it difficult for parents to send their children to school. Their children are outside the city of Jowai.
Of course, although the struggle is not over, with the joint efforts of all of us, I hope that we will be able to eradicate this disease immediately from our country and the world as a whole.
Rijiju said Shillong is not only a beautiful city but also a suitable place for all kinds of sports.
Witnessing the meeting, the Sengbhalang of West Khasi Hills District expressed their dissatisfaction and dissatisfaction with the conduct of the meeting. The Government of Assam has no further cooperation with the Government of Meghalaya.
Others who have already been appointed are Mansi Anand, Nangiaiphira Wahlang, Banrihun Nongbri, Lasiewspah Marwein and Tisfulda Puwein.
He said it would be the duty of the Police to investigate this organization and protect Meghalaya from being spread by such people who have the intention to destroy the state.
Here it can be seen that the company that set the lowest price exceeded the price allocated by 55% in Package A and 59% in Package B.
In his short speech, Ma Silbinus appealed to the parents to allow their children to play sports, because children should love sports so that they can avoid many kinds of evils.
The final day started with Barun Singh of Services defeating Yaiphaba Soibam of Manipur 5-0 in the 46-48kg category, followed by Amit Panghal (Services) of Anshul Punia of Manipur. Chandigarh in the flyweight category 48-51kg.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the party, Bah Wanbud Dkhar, said that the party has found a case of corruption through RTI in 2018 on the loss of money. T.57,809,700.
“I have received other information from the HYC, regarding an incident on the 24th of this month where the HYC had informed the Pynursla Police Station about the smuggling of muid.
In his encouraging speech, the AMPTCP Mawkyrwat Constituency candidate, Bah Sounder Strong Cajee said that as women we have the power for the future of the country and the nation in many struggles. They will also show their strength on the day of casting their votes on the 27th of this month. What is needed is that they should be strong women.
The Seng also strongly condemns Tathagata Roy for his speech in these days which shows that this person is speaking without knowledge and perhaps he has a shortcoming in his thinking.
He said that if the customs and traditions are lost, the land is lost, the nation is lost, and for this reason, the MP was elected to advocate to protect the nation from dangers.
This comes a few months after Ajit Pawar and five other NCP MLAs joined the Maharashtra Shiv Sena and BJP coalition government led by Prime Minister Eknath. Legs.
The lockdown will continue until May. When the shops opened, people went out to buy food and gathered for fear of the end of the lockdown.
Vondrousova, ranked 42nd in the world, will face last year's runner-up Ons Jabeur, who defeated Aryna Sabalenka. Belarus 6-7, 6-4, 6-3 in the second semi final.
According to the Urban Department's announcement in 1991, among these areas which have been classified as slums, there are areas inhabited by Khasi including Wahingdoh, Malki, Wahthapbru, Riatsamthiah and Umsohsun. Most of the non-Khasi people live there.
On the other hand, the 25-year-old was expected to leave United as he struggled to make a first-team appearance due to injury.
“The party has looked closely at the working of the District Council in recent years and it is clear that it has not been able to implement the 6th Scheduled to protect the indigenous people in the state. The state council has not joined hands with the district council but is trying to destroy it”.
The knowledge of the urban residents or those who have lived in the cities is better than that of those who live in the rural areas, especially in those villages which are still difficult to travel.
She said the TMC cannot be the voice for the Northeast, as they do not understand and know anything about Meghalaya.
In April 2022, Meghalaya came second in the Jal Jeevan Mission's Household Water Supply Performance Survey.
He said that the decision of the students has been informed to the Principal so that he will not take any action to punish the students.
During his visit to Garo Hills, the BJP leader said that he would also  meet important people including ex-MLAs and ex-MDCs to discuss with them the upcoming 2023 Assembly elections.
Later on, he was able to demonstrate this special talent that God had given him through his journey to preach the Word of God in many parts of RI Khasi Jaintia and even abroad under the leadership of servants of God (Preacher) such as P.Pohtam (New Kudeng, War Jaintia) and T.Bn.
This year, there have also been complaints against actresses like Katayoun Riahi, Pantea Bahram, Afsaneh Baygan and Fatemeh Motamed-Aria for stopping wearing the hijab. that they act and take part.
The welcome speech was delivered by the Waheh Shnong Bataw, the General Secretary of the Rum Shnong Youth Club, Ampli Rupsi and the President of the Club, Bah Deihok Sumer. The program was followed by traditional dances by the students of Bataw Upper Primary School.
They decline in reading because they can no longer concentrate on books and other subjects.
Sanvert played for Langsning CC in the Shillong League for several years before joining Rangkynsai CC for the 2023-24 season.
The epicenter of the earthquake was about 35 km away.
Shillong, Lber 16: As part of the strengthening of the work of the party, the meeting will be held on the 19th October, at 1 pm at Nongdawah Mawryngkneng at the residence of the President of the party Samla Kynsai War. .
Bajop said the NHIDCL chief said that the preparation of the DPR is in progress, but it is not known when it will be completed properly.
The Government of India and Nehru wanted to give the rights of the Riewlum until the Riewlum learned to water the TREE OF FREEDOM WITH BLOOD. it is very precious to fall in battle to defend one's country and one's nation.
The four candidates are Jhanika Siangshai from Khliehriat, Arbiangkam Kharsohmat from Amlarem, Chireng Peter R. Marak from Kharkutta, Dr Tweel K. Marak from Resubelpara and Carla R. Sangma from Rajabala.
There are other groups from Jaintia who have expressed their willingness to resolve the issue by returning only those villages and areas inhabited by the Khasi-Pnars.
The residents of the village, when they saw the seizure of the Maruti 800 by the Assam police, went to talk to him and in the talk between the two groups, there was a clash. Five residents of Mukroh village and one Assam policeman were killed in the shooting incident.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Mukul Sangma expressed his pride and joy on behalf of the government to take part in the festival in Shillong which is the first city to host the MTIFF after the inauguration of the MTIFF. Mother Teresa was born.
The death of Rangbah from COVID-19 has not only shocked the family members of the Rangbah, but also the Village Authorities of Nongpoh.
In a letter, he urged the District Administration and the Army through the Defense Minister to stop or release the construction of the water tank in Dong Nan and the children's playground near the main road. .
The team of 30 persons left for Andhra Pradesh on 26/05/2022 and visited Sriharikota, one of the two satellite launch sites in India.
With this result, Shillong Lajong now have three draws and one win with six points from four games.
Myrthong said that the Seng has taken the responsibility to look after and maintain the crematorium after the Dkhars had threatened to lodge a complaint in the court. Sengbhalang, in their annual festivals.
Even after retirement he continued to write books and also to treat people and give medicine.
Meghalaya has been declared the first state without a sharud shakiar on
Sanbor's remarks came after the Leader of the Opposition, Ronnie V Lyngdoh, said that Sanbor did not speak anything in the House but just sat down.
The traffic jam continued near Mylliem village, where vehicles heading to Shillong were stopped, while vehicles coming from the city were passing slowly.
Groups interested in participating can call 8787638948/7
A brown coin was dropped into a commercial vehicle while driving from Vmart to Vishal at 6.00 pm on Saturday.
At the same time, the Minister also sent his condolences to the families of the victims.
It is certain that in such a hilly area, the Government of Meghalaya and the Airport Authority of India will never find such a beautiful area, which covers up to 800 acres and is only 20 kms away from the center of the country. in Shillong.
On the 31st of October, the final of the junior and senior boys and the junior women's finals were held.
The BJP has therefore doubted the jurisdiction of the Deputy Commissioners, as they are also the heads of the food department in the districts and therefore they cannot judge on their own, in relation to the distribution of liquor. rice, distribution of lyer shet and other activities, which are headed by the Deputy Commissioners in the Districts.
SP Bah M Kharkrang conducted this training at Sardar Police Station after the increase in accidents caused by the speed of bike riders in these days.
The Government builds the road quickly if the land owners donate and if the land owners donate to build the road it is a great blessing to the people including the land owners.
Let us be careful not to fight here in Shillong which could affect the education of our youngsters across India.
“If it is not at the Secretariat, why not hold it elsewhere to discuss, but to end like this and the purpose has not worked anymore and even today the office at the Secretariat is working and this is like I don't respect the Presbyterian Church,” said Rev. P.Hynniewta.
The mining industry has to be carried out in a manner that also preserves the environment.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The body of Johnnyfirst Syiemiong (20) of Lumbiang village, Umroi (RB) has been found near M/s Rymbai Petrol Pump, Mawlai, Shillong. The body was taken to Civil Hospital Shillong for post mortem.
I'll put the ring on Lyoh.
Three seats in West Khasi Hills have been elected.
The order came not from the Education Department but from the Election Department of the Districts.
Despite having many chances, PFR couldn't score in the second half, while Lawei tried hard to score, and it was a free kick that was shot. B Nongrum scored the first goal of the match for Lawei.
On the other hand, Bah Latiplang said that he has taken this issue to the District Council and the District Council has confirmed that from now on they will not be able to buy land.
The deceased was identified as Kong Lut Shadap, 53 years old. Police have rushed to the scene and MeECL to conduct an investigation to find out the cause. of the event.
As one of the longest serving journalists, I have faced many criticisms, but I am not afraid or discouraged, but from now on while I am alive here on earth, I will continue to work for good deeds and be of benefit to many.
