Shillong, November 1: Members of the Shillong Recreation Ground Trust (SRGT) and members of the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) have argued over the closure of the entrance to the Polo Ground by the SRGT. Speaking to reporters, SSA President Bah Bindo M Lanong said, “The closure of the entrance to the stadium has shocked the football fans.
He also informed that the rally will start from the Central Library to the Administrative Block.
He said that the party's visit was on the grounds that the people have complained that the office of the government department is very crowded due to the large number of offices. too many brokers, disputing vehicle documents without getting in touch with officers.
Passang Sherpa scored 35 runs followed by Nehlang Pariat (3/18) and Daowam Passah (3/28).
After more than six months, Kynsai went back to school and Rangsan had to continue his studies.
Drawing near to God is through fellowship prayer and talking and sharing our needs or problems.
Phan Nonglait, has done these brave deeds, because she understands that she has a big role to play in preventing violence against women.
And when I read more carefully these words in this verse these words turn me to the Cross of Christ from the beginning of this verse, in verse 1 first and also in verses 16 – 18 they refer to beat the sufferings of Christ.
He urged the other students who have not reached 60 percent not to be discouraged but to continue to work hard in their studies in the coming years.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Southern Riwar Circle on Friday sent a letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Health and Family Welfare Prestone Tynsong demanding the repair of Dawki PHC which is in urgent need of repair. .
Speaking to u SP News Agency, FKJGP General Secretary Dundee Cliff Khongsit said that the group will monitor the movement of cow trucks and if caught, they will investigate where the cows are being transported. Later, it will confirm from the meat vendors whether it is their cow or not and if not, they will arrest and hand it over to the police.
“You see other opposition leaders, you have the CBI, ED, IT who have arrested them.
These 54 girls were given special training by qualified instructors, including Bah Cores Marwein, President of Ground & Pound Gym, Anthony Syiem, Apdalin Marwein and Jenny Ingtih. with others.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Joint Action Committee of Rangbah Shnongs (urban and rural) together with the leaders of Dorbar Shnongs from all over Khasi Jaintia Hills District has decided to hold the Dorbar Bah of the Bri u Hynniewtrep on the 30th June Student Square, Jaiaw at 11 am.
“And as the Chief Minister of Assam, the Chief Minister of Assam has said that it is not the places where we are fighting but it is Meghalaya that has come to work.
He was speaking at the closing ceremony of the 3rd Mawbynna Monolith Festival which was held at Heritage Village, Mawphlang from the 7th to the 9th.
The District Commerce and Industries Center (DCIC), Jowai, on 20th October, honored 25 persons who have completed the training to make various handicrafts such as jewellery. products and utility products (household appliances and appliances, using wood.
However, Bah Bah Allan declined to disclose the names of the people who have applied for tickets to contest from the Shillong seat and said, “There are four candidates who have expressed their desire to contest from the party but we have not yet announced. to their names.
All the Khasi chiefs agreed to give land to the foreign government to build this road through their kingdoms.
The 6th District Level Kickboxing Championship was led by Thomas Rangthaluh, President of the Association.
He said the State Security Commission has discussed this issue and the state needs to strengthen this issue to ensure that robbers are afraid of the law.
The High Court has already heard the petitions filed by Balaji's wife S Megala and will take a decision in this regard.
Still, Hawaiian officials say the official officially reported death toll is likely more than 100.
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) on Tuesday seized 78 immovable and 16 movable properties worth T.124 crore during the operation. The Surana Group of Companies in Chennai has been arrested under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).
He said the incident of rape and assault on women in the state which has destroyed the Raj Bhavan office has also disgraced Meghalaya which is known for its respect for women.
Therefore, the Raid invites all the children of the Raid Nongblai, near and far, to come and take part in the ceremony. You Are You Kong.
Shillong, July 16: North Shillong MLA Roshan Warjri on Tuesday said that it is a shame if foreigners see that our place is dirty.
“The crowd even destroyed the Iingdorbar but because of the large number of crowd, they were bombed and shot and even though the police tried to release them, the crowd refused to bomb them,” he said. “If the police are not allowed by the people, what can we do as village leaders in our small power?
Our fellow Hynniewtrep people have been attacked and insulted by the Khar Nepalis and other foreigners on the border of Assam. to live and work here in our Khasi Hills.
The types of training can be in agriculture, manufacturing, repair, cleaning and beauty, computer skills and special jobs for women.
Bah Pyrwa Lymba will be the new Doloi of Darrang Elaka who was sworn in by the JHADC in Jowai in the presence of the Rangbah Shnongs of Darrang Elaka including Darrang, Dawki, Lymba and Kongwang. and the Middle Village.
Heard also recalled how she met Depp and fell in love with him and so on.
Manchester City have become the first club in the English Premier League to win the title four times in a row.
The SP said that the body of the man has not been identified yet and the body of the man can be identified only from the clothes he was wearing. He was wearing a red and blue jacket, a pink T-shirt, a blue shorts, he was 5 feet 4 inches tall, slim and slim and he was between 60 and 65 years old.
In this regard, the Noida Authority has warned the residents not to buy this land or other land in the area affected by floods. close against.
In just one week, there were nearly 10,000 views of the film, which launched last month.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh said, “Our nation has risen in football, many of our youth have participated in many football clubs of India, and football in these days it’s not like it was 10 or 20 years ago.
The years of his life were the years of the Crusaders.
Shillong, July 23: It is not clear whether the three MDCs who did not attend the dorbar belong to the PDF or the ethnic parties.
The delegation was led by Bah Enlang Sawian President and Daniel Syiem General Secretary.
This was announced before the Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday while announcing the petition filed by the 22 former MDCs.
The General Secretary of the party, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, said that regarding the contest of one of the UDP leaders, Bah Bindo M Lanong, even after the party has already withdrawn its ticket, Dr Jemino Mawthoh He said that the party has not banned Bindo M Lanong from contesting the election, but has sent him to contest from the constituency where he has won many times, the East. Shillong constituency.
Every year, that is, every rainy season, the four waters of the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi Rivers carry and paint separately, even to separately put all these things in the Umiam reservoir.
The education of our children is very important in this age, so we demand that the state government should help us the farmers with money if our children pass the examination. state, so that their children can go to higher education and other requests have been made.
Shillong: “I appeal to my supporters who have walked with me during these times not to be discouraged but to be ready and continue to support me because the road to 2023 is still open,” said Wilfred. Khyllep, who has decided to resign after not getting a ticket to contest from the Congress in the mid-term elections in Shella to be held on 21st March.
Aljwin Rani and Anith Marak received the Fire Service Medal.
The government has also approved the appointment of 16 teachers in Williamnagar and Tura Govt Colleges.
UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, Minister Lahkmen Rymbui, MLAs Nujorki Sungoh, Samuel M Sangma, Pius Marwein and UDP candidate Balajiedkupar were also present at the campaign. During the election campaign, Conrad spoke in Hindu as it is an area with a large number of non-Khasi residents.
Shillong, Nailur 05 : The Minister and Spokesperson of the Government of Meghalaya, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the law and order situation in the State is still good.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that these trucks have been permitted because they are carrying jhur from the state and this falls under the essential commodities.
The abductee was identified as Tapos Majhi (37).
On the same day, the Union of Catholic Elders handed over the building, it was also the day of the VII Annual Mett of the Catholic Church Elders. The event was held at St. Mary's Secondary School, Nongkhrah.
The SP (Crimes) of East Khasi Hills, Bah Vivek Syiem, said that 18 persons were involved in the case, including members of the GNLA, HNLC, ULFA and others. thieves who have done terrible things.
“There are many proposals for the candidate but it is not yet time for us to announce them and the sub-committee will do whatever is necessary and we will announce on Monday,” he said.
Another order has announced the closure of the house of Dr SS Nongbri, New Kench's Trace, Bishnupur, from today.
On this occasion, awards were also distributed to all the students of the college who took part in the Painting Competition held on the 6th July.
Bhoirymbong, Naiwieng 10: The Joint Action Committee (JCC) has decided to hold the Cheery Blossom Festival on Sunday. this meeting.
Other teams include Mawlai Sports Club, Rangdajied United FC, Shillong State League champions, Shillong Lajong FC, Langsning FC, Ryntih SC and Richardson Kwaku Denzell and Lalchungnunga Chhangte scored two goals for Rajasthan United FC to take 10 points against Shillong Lajong. FC in the I-League.
Darren R Warjri of Christian Academy Higher Secondary School won the title of Best Karateka (Boys Junior).
We don't have to criticize or condemn or make fun of anyone. If we want to give our opinion, go and meet face to face.
Shillong: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA of Mawkynrew Constituency who is also the Minister in charge of Agriculture, on Saturday held a meeting with the strawberry farmers in Syntung, Mawkynrew Constituency on how to improve the quality of strawberry farmers. This type of farming is among other types of farming.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the Chief Minister has called a meeting of the seven MLAs of Shillong to discuss the issue. The spread of Covid-19 has increased especially in Shillong.
The draw program was completed in the presence of prominent football stars of the state including Redeem Tlang, Aiban Dohling and Halen Nongtdu – FIFA Assistant Referee Ri-ïohlang Dhar.
Egenstar Kurkalang, one of the leaders in charge of drivers in Meghalaya, said that the union will meet tomorrow morning to discuss the issue and after that they will He also spoke to those from Assam on this issue which has arisen among the drivers.
One day, there was a brave young man who wanted to meet this beautiful girl.
The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Sanjib Banerjee, reminded that the new scheme will improve the functioning of the Khadar Court.
Therefore, as part of the promotion of MMA, the KSU Laitumkhrah Unit will support the Club Team Revolution MMA in this event.
In this protest, the teachers unanimously decided to give time to the government to increase the deficit of all 844 Adhoc Upper Primary Schools in Meghalaya until the 10th. July 2022.
They said that they will not allow such a demand to succeed at all and they said that they respect other Scheduled Tribes in Garo Hills, but they will not accept it. who is like that.
One militant was killed in clashes between security forces and militants during a search and rescue operation in Rajouri district of Jammu & Kashmir.
However, after the Assam police entered their area, they opened fire on the Khasi and it was part of a planned shooting.
The petition said, “Such a soskular will violate the rights of the villagers who rely on income from coal mining and other related activities.
The journalist said that the decision of the High Court is a violation of the personal rights of the citizens.
The government can invite companies to give advice to prepare when it needs to do any work,” said Bah Dkhar.
The Congress said that Rahul's nomination is the darkest day of democracy and the death of democracy in India under the actions of the BJP. I am ready to pay the price in any way,” Rahul Gandhi tweeted after issuing the nomination order. .
Sibsing Govt Memorial HSS (West Khasi Hills) beat Rongrengiri Govt HSS (East Garo Hills) 2-0
King Ahasuerus reigned between 486-465 B.C.
Syiem said that once they have explained the showcause and withdrawn from supporting the MDA government, we will be able to lift the suspension and in relation to many of their demands we will. syllok when they are released from their suspension"
Thank you very much for your ability to publish news here and if you allow the public to publish news here as in the newspapers I believe it will be more accurate.
Those who are stupid, those who are like me, as Lucifer says, there is no one like me or like me in these things.
I want a girlfriend, from no2 in the area.
Only a few days after the RTI was forwarded, on 17th November 2020, the relevant authorities released the grant to the bank accounts of the students who are eligible to receive the grant. The grant for the year 2018-19 and for the year 2019-20 was released on 2nd December.
That is the story of how the rich candidates from the rich parties like the NPP and UDP, distribute money to the poor with the condition that they must follow the same candidates.
The Um-i and Mynriang rivers have their own banks and are still far apart.
Tynshain Khonglah was one of those who were shot and injured by Bangladeshis on the night of the 4th of this month.
The Inter School Subroto Cup Football Tournament 2022 will be held soon at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Ryntih continued to dominate the game even in the second half, and after a while Andy scored the second goal in the 64th minute before scoring a hat trick in the 68th minute. .
They said that people who are not from the constituency have been given the authority to mine, with the permission they have taken from the villagers while the villagers have not received.
Urging the people to be vigilant, he said, “We must be vigilant.
The outbreak of COVID-19 has shocked us all and has shocked us that we must take immediate measures to fight and prevent further damage”.
Requesting the ASHAs to end their strike, the Minister said, “We request the ASHAs to return to their work in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong.
The decision of the Central Government to implement the admission to College/University for Class XII (Higher Secondary Level) students even though the results of Class Xi of the MBOSE have not been announced yet. It will not only cause confusion among the students here in Meghalaya but will also cause doubt and confusion among the parents, teachers and school and college authorities from urban to rural areas as well this year.
On the other hand, the security forces have conducted a massive search operation to arrest these suspects.
But the faces of the beasts fell to the ground.
These three youths include Nidakyrkhu Dkhar, Anmiel Azareel Syiem and Thomas Edison Sumer.
On the other hand, the Association, on the first day, met with the Commissioner of Taxation at his office at Lachumiere to get clarification on this initiative of the State Government.
The epicenter of the quake was located at a distance of 208 kilometers from Pithoragarh, Uttarakhand, according to the National Center for Seismology.
day.
“I would like to clarify today that all the appointments made in the past years and all the decisions taken, have been taken in accordance with the Reservation Policy and therefore, they are those that the Government has to follow. .
The Dorbar Chnong Dulong has congratulated all the children of the village who have donated for the purchase of these food items to distribute to these families.
Shillong: The All NEHU Workers Union (ANWU) today met with the Governor of Meghalaya to express their grievances and demands for recognition. to appoint them as full time employees at NEHU and to increase their salaries.
She also clarified that any collection of funds authorized by the Deputy Commissioner or other relevant authorities is only for a temporary period and for certain specific purposes.
“If the Movement finds any Waheh Chnongs who have committed such fraud, it will lodge a complaint with the Chief Election Officer (CEO) of the state,” she said.
The Social Cell has been established to improve the delivery of blood assistance to the people in need of blood and other assistance to the people in need in the society.
I myself live in Laitkor, which is now a CONTAINMENT ZONE.
The Chairman of the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum (KHCF), Bah Titos Khain, said that the purpose of the festival is to preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum (KHCF). MDCs during the elections.
In fact, the final was scheduled for the 7th but was postponed due to weather.
He said that the implementation of President's Rule in Sikkim is essential so that the elections to the Legislative Assembly of Sikkim can be held in a smooth and orderly manner.
This action of the Government shows that this Government serves not the needs of the people, but the interests of the private sector.
The residents of Mawdun village have only one road to Shillong when they need to buy food items and transport patients.
During the visit, the DMHO, saw with his own eyes a huge parking lot, which should accommodate hundreds of vehicles and then saw the room, which has been set up for the There is a quarantine centre, which accommodates 40 drivers, a rest area for drivers, a cleaning area, toilets and dining areas for drivers. kali, among others.
Ringnichang Khapur, one of the leaders of the party, was arrested at 5.30 pm on Sunday at Riangpang village in Nungba Sub Division in Nagaland.
Shillong: U Bah Karmel Mawlong, son of Kotilda Mawlong, resident of Mawblei Block B, has gone missing from his home since the 10th of this month at 8 pm.
The truth is that the unity among the Khasi Pnar has been very low especially in the present generation.
Doordarshan also broadcast the program in a special manner for those with hearing impairments.
Also present on the occasion were Forwardman Nongrem, President KSU Nongnam, Stebenstar Shylla, Minister of Nongnam Village, Bipstar Lyngkhoi, Minister of Mawbri Village, Sentarlan Mylliem, President of KSU Nongnam Area. Shillong, Nailur: Ashish Samarpit of Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Shillong has become the winner of the Cluster 24 Finals of the Tata Crucible Campus Quiz which is the largest trade quiz tournament in India.
Furthermore, in the case of the British Government's refusal to hand over rule to independent India, the Khasi Himas refused to join India.
“I don't believe that these petrol bomb blasts happened because of the arrest of KSU members. I am sure that they too are intelligent people,” said Bah Tynsong. adding that they will not allow such incidents to happen.
He said that he and the office bearers will support Bah Ardent while he is sitting in front of the Additional Secretariat.
NEST (I) through its Founder Trustee and Chairperson Elizabeth Matthews Nongbri said that it has also sent the Detailed Project Report (DPR) prepared by the NEST (I) for the start of the project. uranium in this State.
In this battle at Shangpung, Kiri Dhar, Daloi of Shangpung District was shot in the head and died on 5th June
The Central and State Governments have requested them to expedite in informing them of these issues.
We don't need to wear masks because there is no risk and we expect to continue in this work,” said the two women.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Sylvester Nongtnger, said that the police have launched a thorough investigation into the receipt of the mail.
Shillong: The North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) has held a meeting of Principals to discuss the implementation of the NEP 2020 within the university.
– You don't have to worry about that relationship or relationship exactly as it appears in the Word.
In this song competition on the theme “How to improve the society” Sohiong Higher Secondary School won the first prize, Sohiong Presbyterian Secondary School won the second prize and They were sent to Tlong-ummiam Secondary School, Weilyngkut.
“The border dispute has been going on since the creation of Meghalaya and this is a very difficult issue but the government will not rest,” he said.
“Meghalaya needs change and change will come through Prime Minister Narendra Modi,” he said.
The match between the two teams lasted a few minutes after Kordor Dkhar was injured and was rushed by ambulance to hospital.
The road, which has been allocated funds from the SUWP 2022-2023, has been started immediately with the aim of being completed within a short period of time.
Although there are those who think that “Khasi Jaitbynriew = Khasi Religion”, there are also those who believe that “Our Religion – Our Culture”.
In today's society, when the cleanliness of the household has become established, the garbage has spread from the household to the village on the road.
Rana, who had been suffering from illness for many years, but in the past few months, the illness has worsened and he was taken to NEIGHRIMS hospital.
According to the Director of the department, there are 495175 traders who have violated the rules and have been punished during the last five years from 2011-2
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Ksing and dhah were played at the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today. The Chairman of FOCUSS, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, who is also the CEM of KHADC, has convened a meeting of the CEMs of the District Councils in the North East. The allocation of funds is now allocated to the District Councils.
Standing up to introduce the Point of Order, Bah Basaïawmoit said that there should be no discussion on such issues during the announcement.
Shillong, Lber, 01: A meeting of the Hill State Fighters of West Khasi Hills District held on the 14th of this month under the leadership of Bah Thingdar Lyngdoh and Bah Extanly Lyngkhoi. I regret that as fighters for the independence of Meghalaya, we have not been able to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya.
“The Monolith Festival is the first time in Khasi Hills to announce to the world the richness of the Khasi culture.
Those who leave should park their vehicles in the designated places and the people who come on Sunday should respect the traffic rules and can come in any vehicle, big or small. that the parking lot is not far from where the meeting is.
The JNU also strongly condemns the nine MLAs of Jaintia Hills who look after the students without thinking about the future of their own children.
Another problem faced by the Commission is after the High Court ordered to implement the roster system.
FM Dopth IAS, Secretary, Housing Department, has been transferred to the post of Secretary, Human Rights Commission.
“Education is an important tool for man and the step taken by the St. Joseph's School Authority to hold such a tournament to improve the school is that all the residents of the village should give their support so that that this school will be able to provide the best service.
Shillong: There have been 52 new cases of corona virus in East Khasi Hills today, including 19 high risk contacts, 5 foreigners, 4 employees of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. cases from Laitumkhrah, 2 cases from Madanrting, 2 cases from Mawprem, 1 case from Nongmensong, 4 cases from Nongrah and 1 case from Nongthymmai.
in, www.meghalaya.
The KSU urged the government to take immediate action to provide teachers in all subjects and classrooms should be clean.
The Nohsakyriat will be held on 28/04/2023 at 2:00 PM and the Shad Sukra will be held on the following day (29/04/2023) at 1:00 PM. both festivals will be held at the Ialong Square.
Shillong, November 6: Police have arrested the kidnappers and released the kidnappers and a truck carrying marjot from Umkdait Nongmen song.
Kharge's election as the leader of the INDIA Block comes ahead of the upcoming Lok Sabha elections, and this also shows the unity of the political parties in the country. Kharge was elected as the party leader at a meeting attended by senior leaders of the INDIA bloc.
He said that as the Rangbah Kurs and Shnongs, they support the measures of the Council through the Lineage Act and especially to empower the Rangbah Kurs and to give the Syrnot Kur to prevent the spread of the Kurs.
The Bible consists of two Testaments, the Old Testament and the New Testament.
“If we are only farmers in the market, if we have an education, it is different from those who don't have a degree,” said Bah Renikton.
After the body of the man was found, he was tested positive for Covid-1
Mawkyrwat, November 17: The DH&MO of South West Khasi Hills District (HITO) led by its President and members today met with the DH&MO at CHC Mawkyrwat regarding the issue of The 100 bedded CHC Mawkyrwat has been destroyed by a 100-bed hospital in Mawkyrwat.
To fight against drug traffickers, the ANFT Police Force has strengthened its intelligence team to fight against these criminals who have destroyed the society.
The BSF did not listen, but blocked the road until after a clash between the police from Pynursla PS and the Magistrate who was going to talk to the wireless charger.
Shillong, November 28: The Raid Nongkhlieng has banned the sale of land within the land of the Raid Nongkhlieng.
Shillong, Lber :In a statement, the KSU Jaiaw Circle, General Secretary Micky Jones Kharbangar, has expressed its gratitude and support to the Dorbar Shnong Lumdiengjri. On the 24th October 2022, under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong and the new Executive Committee (EC) to arrest foreigners who have illegally stayed in the village without permission from the The Dorbar Shnong and failed to provide the necessary documents such as Work Permit, Police Verification from the place of origin, Trading License, Labor License and other requirements.
In the men's category, Monas Bongrung came first, Erisstar Sohshang came second and Lapynkhraw Thabah came third.
Speaking to reporters, several beef vendors in Ïewduh, said that they are concerned about the fear of the people to come to buy beef after learning of the Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD) in cattle.
In his 20-page speech, the Governor said that other areas that the government will take care of are the development of income generation in the rural areas and the development of local entrepreneurship through programmes. There are also plans to transform people's livelihoods such as agriculture, horticulture, fisheries and livestock farming.
“The poor Adivasi tribals are lured to Christianity by the education provided by the churches and their services and also even by money but the government has not done anything to stop the conversion of who paid Adivasis.
He urged the Deputy Commissioner to ensure that the fare will be fair and orderly for all the vehicles operating in the district so that it will not cause any problem to the drivers that the fare will be according to the rules. distance to the bag.
On the other hand, the fish vendors have assured that if the government finds that they contain formalin, they will return the fish to the place of import.
“The Deputy Commissioner has directed the Deputy Commissioner to take immediate action on this issue,” he said.
Furthermore, the organization of this tournament shows that Meghalaya has made progress in this field of sports and will also be an important step for the athletes of the country in the struggle to win the title. victory in the Olympics.
The curfew was in force from 6 pm on Tuesday to 6 pm on Tuesday.
NeVA, which is embedded in the NIC Cloud MeghRaj, is designed to facilitate the submission of issues by the Speaker of the House, and complete the work related to the Legislative Assembly without the need for use of books and also to assist family members to fulfill their responsibilities even in their own homes.
Explaining on the railway line, the KSU leader said that the KSU needs laws to protect the people in Ri Lum Khasi, which as a nation wants and expect from the hands of the Legislators sitting in the Secretariat to implement those firm and strong laws.
However, after thorough investigation, it was found that no one from Laitumkhrah Dorbar Shnong or Mawryngkneng did not recognize him.
As an MLA, he also promised to take action on the request of the school and on that day as a donation he also handed over the sound equipment to the school so that they can use it for the needs of the school.
Ribhoi District, has the lowest number of cases today, with only one case.
This exercise has also been a great help in reducing the number of illnesses and disorders of the budlum.
He also expressed his delight to see the people of Hynniewtrep Hynniew Wasa take part in the 100th anniversary of the Seng Khasi Kmie.
The age of U-14 shall be counted as the date of birth between 30.11.2009 to 30.11.2011, for U-16 children shall be counted as those born between 30.11.2007 to for U-18 children, the date of birth between 30.11.2005 and
The village now has 142 households, 910 heads of population, 488 males and 422 females.
Unnecessary desire often leads astray and corrupts a person.
There have been many complaints about the management of the hospital and one of the facts is that the Dorbar Shnong Mawkasiang, has to provide accommodation for its own residents. The hospital has released the freedom of movement of its employees after they have finished their work.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 31: The Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police (FKJGP) Mawkyrwat Circle today met with the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police. The South West Khasi Hills District has requested the police to deploy patrols at Mawkyrwat Market.
Any place to have an LCS should now have enough parking spaces and offices for Customs as well as traders.
Officials of the Excise and Narcotics Department in the state said that heroin has become a deadly drug that has claimed the lives of people in Mizoram.
Compared to neighboring countries, this is two to three times the situation in India.
They enter Assam only to get permits to smuggle into our state.
This happened yesterday Tuesday night.
Last night, there was a clash between Indian troops and Chinese PLA troops near the Pangong Lake in Ladakh, the report said.
Because they have children, they don't understand the responsibility of motherhood, how to raise their children, all this responsibility falls on the shoulders of the parents.
He urged the students to make good use of the scholarship.
Pastor Banker Shadap Manar welcomed the Durbar with a welcome song from the Kur Shadap Manar Barato Unit. Wait for Borin Shadap Manar.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced the early release of the salaries of the Government Employees and the approval to increase the Dearness Allowance by 3%. BY).
At the same time, he said the government has requested the Supreme Court to allow the transportation of coal until 31st July after it issued a decision yesterday to ban all coal. coal mining in this state.
The state assembly will be held as it should be and there is no need to convene a special session as demanded by the opposition,” said a government minister.
He said that this inspection has been conducted from time to time and will be conducted in the future.
In the semi final, they beat PFR Academy in a tie-breaker after a 1-1 draw.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, besides the issues related to Meghalaya, also discussed many issues related to the North East. whole.
Because before we went to the field of struggle or when we were on the field of struggle, we had already relieved ourselves by singing this 'Jingrwai Jemdaw' which was written in the words jemnud from above. .
During the past two years in collaboration with the World Bank, NESFAS has implemented projects related to information on traditional farming methods through consultation with experts to empower farmers.
Many MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will start joining the National People's Party (NPP) in the coming days.
Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, MLA and President of the Voice of the People (VPP), said that it would be good for the leaders of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to go to Iewduh and ask them. farmers and traders that the arrangement taken in 2014 is a loss or a blessing to them.
The HYC also demands that the government should set up regulated markets in every C&RD Block and in the prominent markets across the country.
The 20th KJP Eastern Synod Youth Service was held on Sunday at Moolang Presbyterian Church, Iapmala District under Rymbai Presbytery.
According to sources, the DCs have worked hard on this issue and there are also places which they have already mentioned for the construction of Entry and Exit points but which have not been completed. They are still in talks to get the land and after getting the land, they will soon build the entry and exit point.
A truck carrying 36 cows from Silapathar was heading to Byrnihat, Meghalaya.
The group would like to congratulate Michael John Nongkhar, Hamar Rongrin and all the parents of the students.
The journey to reap the fruits of victory has started in 2020-21 with the launch of the project at a cost of Rs 16.02 crore.
Regarding Teilinia's statement, CEM Pynshngain said that in fact the government should have informed the KHADC and said that perhaps it may have been a mistake by the Lyngdoh of the KHADC. Mawphlang, who did not contact the KHADC, said that it is the duty of the government to inform. “It is a pride for the Council because in the village the name of the Council is clearly written,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
“They are just a waste of public money, it is just a waste of money, if it is implemented properly, Mawsynram will not be left behind,” he said.
Therefore, he said that for this reason he gives his support to HITO to continue to work for the betterment of the society, the country and the nation and the youth of the area. and the whole body was strengthened in unity.
The meeting was also attended by Bah Rocky Kylla Chairman of DRSRBD, in the presence of Bah CB.Syiem, Chairman of NTC, Bah Rayonald. NTC Program and Development Secretary, Bah S.Kharkongor Rangbah Shnong Umlyngkdait and other party leaders including Eddie G. Kharbani, President FKJGP North Lambok Rymbai, General Secretary of KSU NKHD, Marcus Marten of HNYF Northern Region and Bah Plielad Tiewsoh, General Secretary of Ri Bhoi Tourism and Environmental Forum.
A few days ago, Kanye West performed a religious song at a venue at Coachella and now the venue has become a bit expensive, because those who took part in the concert Kanye and his wife have offered to sell the plant, which they were sitting on that day, at a reasonable price.
“We are still examining the report,” said Bah Thangkhiew.
Can this disease be cured? Yes, it can be treated and cured if it is treated early and at the right time.
He believes that from the beginning God created men and women to fulfill His perfect plan – to grow and earn righteousness in this world.
In the match between Khalsa Warriors and Nongthymmai, Nongthymmai won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 184/6 in 35 overs.
Thank you so much,.
He said that the police have also received information about the incident.
This is a step taken to restore peace between these communities (Khasi-Pnar and Karbi) who live in the border areas of West Karbi Anglong, Assam and also from West Jaintia Hills, Meghalaya.
He also worked temporarily in the Jowai office and resigned from his post due to the call of the country.
“The President said that this is not a victory but a beginning and at the same time he urged the candidates that if they are selected they should work harder and to be faithful.
In this regard, Bah Kyrmen expressed his confidence that through these apps, “People can no longer accuse our teachers in East Jaintia Hills of not doing what is necessary”.
He said that they will inform all PHCs and CHCs and other health centers to be ready to assist and provide emergency treatment.
For there is no respect of persons with God.
The new office bearers of BAMJH include President Samla Yoosar Kynjing, Vice President Ram Passah, General Secretary J.Lonel Passah, Asst.General Secretary Bakhrawkupar Sumer, Finance Secretary Forme Bina, Discipline Secretary Bnasan Shylla, Publicity Secretary Wandame Hi Meeting with 7 Executive Members.
The emergency meeting was held today to discuss the strike of the Council employees yesterday and their decision to strike if the EC cannot pay their salaries.
She said that this is her goal and she does not want to talk to the people from the other side of the hill but to be nearby and she will continue to serve the people.
Shillong: The KSU Mawkyrwat Circle in a statement sent by Pauldeep Tongwah, President of the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, strongly condemns the police of South West Khasi Hills District, for raiding the homes of KSU members inside the house. The whole of Mawkyrwat.
At the meeting held at Maikhuli yesterday, the residents of Maikhuli strongly condemned the Meghalaya government for not considering the issue of demarcation. The Shnong Maikhuli has not allowed the fish pond to be taken over by Assam and the villagers have taken care of the pond as if it were the rightful owner of the pond. the village of Maikhuli.
The three states with the highest number of cases in the past 24 hours are Maharashtra with 56,647, Karnataka with 37,733, Kerala with 31,959 cases, Uttar Pradesh with 30,857 and Andhra Pradesh with 30,8 23,920 people.
It is also well known as one of the most well cultivated plants in the Hanging Garden of Babylon and is a slow plant that cannot grow more than 50 cm tall.
Speaking on the Health and Wellness Centres, the Minister said, “At present, there are about 470 Health and Wellness Centers operating in Meghalaya.
These shelters were inaugurated by the MDC of Mawhati, Charles Marngar followed by the MDC of Mawhati, Charles Marngar. Public meeting at Lamalong School Ground was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong.
The explanation on the rights of women was explained by Kong H.Pale, Advocate of One Stop Center Khliehriat who explained many of the laws that help to protect women from Domestic Violence and Crime against Women).
“On the right track, we can talk to the Prime Minister, we can talk to the State Government if they have any problems.
The Deputy Commissioners have set up 85 temporary shelters for the refugees, where they have been provided with food and drink, 36 in South West Garo Hills, 15 in North Garo Hills, 26 cases in West Garo Hills, 4 cases in East Garo Hills, 5 cases in South West Khasi Hills.
NONGPOHU MLA Nongpoh, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, said that the residents of the state should not be too critical of foreigners as the Government wants to promote tourism.
The road to Mawroh Mawlai is good but the road to Highway is not good.
In addition, the DC has warned the residents living along the rivers and streams in South West Khasi Hills District such as Wah Rilang, Wah Umngi and others to be careful. If you have any information please contact the following phone numbers: District Control Room, 9615716113, Ranikor Block Control Room, 9612946561, Mawkyrwat Block98 Control Room, Ranikor897, P38D 1, PWD Volunteer , 9436913436, PWD Mawkyrwat,  9863027838, PWD Mawsaw, 9366722556.
The IMI 5.0 in the State will start from August 7-12, September 11-16, and October 9-1
On this occasion, it was also announced that the Kur Chyrmang-Kympad Khliehriat Circle will be known as the Kur Chyrmang-Kympad Khliehriat Circle, which will operate in the entire Khliehriat area. recognize the brothers and sisters, as well as to have a sense of friendship and also to look after the kurs who have been persecuted and to unite especially in the illness and death of the brothers and sisters.
The bodies of these three persons were found on 9th November 2023 after a post mortem and a post mortem was conducted on 10th November 2023 at NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong.
“I urge the Governing Body and all those involved in the running of the hospital, don't bring back the history of unpleasant news,” said Prestone. The newly constructed and beautified entrance hall was donated by the family of Dr.DD Lapang.
Returning to the sport after four years due to illness and injury, Anjali Devi has now managed to improve the record in the time. She won the 400m title along with the gold medal she won at the National Inter-State Championships and secured a place in the Asian Championships. Games will be played.
He also reminded that all these MLAs who won the elections in 2018 on the ticket of the PDF party. “If you have a grateful spirit, if you leave the party, it is up to you to decide, but if the court doesn't judge, I am afraid that this will be like dying by yourself,” said Bah Banteidor.
Mawkyrwat, March 26: The Nonglang Presbyterian Church in South West Khasi Hills District will host the Preaching Service of the KJP Western Synod from 29 to 30 March. , 2022.
It is said that on the night before her death she had a birthday party with two friends that lasted until midnight.
The District Magistrate on the 8th of this month has declared the factory as a micro containment zone after 39 cases of COVID-1
Furthermore, through this day, these officers also gave speeches on Consumer Right, the right of consumers and also the right to get electricity especially in the rural areas. It also improves the income of the residents.
“Ka Seng is also surprised to see in the media that the parties in the MDA Government like the BJP, UDP, PDF and HSPDP have spoken against the MoU and said that the MoU should be revised once again. this you.
Roksen Homcha, a resident of Borduria area, is a robber who has been sentenced to life imprisonment for his involvement in a crime. kill people.
If a person has a true religious spirit, he will not do things that are against society and against God.
“The Government is currently conducting an investigation and consideration on the introduction of a railway line in East Jaintia Hills District of Meghalaya at Khliehriat, which is the capital of the district,” he said.
Nongpoh, Naitung, 30: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs (SRS) Ri-Bhoi District, has strongly condemned and at the same time expressed its deep sorrow over the behavior of Government employees in many of the people. They have faced difficulties to complete their duties, especially to spend the precious time.
This freedom to form parties at will can lead to the freedom of governance and not freedom as the Independence Day of India.
After joining as an IAS officer in 1978 of the Manipur-Tripura team, he served in Manipur until 2008 when he became Principal Secretary (Home and Planning).
Nongstoiñ: On the night of the 15th of this month, robbers broke into the shop of Bah Welking Dkhar at Iew Riangdo and stole money, mobile phones and other mobile devices.
In human nature, children and adults will be friends with the righteous and it is not known whether they will reap much of the fruit of righteousness.
Meanwhile, the army has rescued five youths who were kidnapped by Kuki robbers on various occasions.
On the other hand, Damian S.War, Waheh Shnong of Nangdong and a member of the Peace Committee, said that if the Karbi authorities cannot remove the Tax Gate, otherwise the trade and commerce will be affected. Agricultural trade between the two communities will continue.
The HYC NWKH led by General Secretary Shembor Langrin, has met with the DC on 19th November to put forward this demand.
“We will ensure that within these 48-72 hours we should be able to bring back all our students,” he assured.
One of the brothers stood next to me and asked if the BJP had won. He explained that he had received financial support from Delhi.
Therefore, the youth have the right to demand what they have not received, and to demand what is their right according to the Constitution,” said the party leader.
He recalled that according to the history of literature in the Khasi language, it is said that Sir Thomas Jones was the first to teach people to read the alphabet. Sir Thomas Jones is still known as the father of the Khasi alphabet.
“As usual, the state government has been providing subsidies to the dewbilat factories, so it is time for the government to think for the people to bring about development. Through this, we will be able to improve the quality of life of the people in the state. 1,186,250 MT of coal per annum, which shows that the state and central governments are losing a lot of revenue from coal. The factory is located in East Jaintia Hills District.
After investigating, the union found that this is due to the Government's change in which teachers will have to complete their B.Ed degree. The subject went to continue his studies after the order to complete according to the rules.
He said that the reason for the closure of the market is because there is no coal market anymore. “When the coal market was not closed, the market was very quiet in the evening, but now it is only 4 o'clock. kynjah jlam,” said one of the residents of the area.
Indeed, the Jews have turned away from God and worshiped idols, God has driven them out of Israel, scattered them around, left them alone in Israel, and ruled over them by many kings and kingdoms of the world. .
“Then they sent and told what had happened.
The Government has brought in big companies from all over the world to plunder the wealth of our country, like during the time of the British Government and they will leave us alone. shrink
In the email, which was not named, it was said that the government will not be able to trace the IP addresses of the party leaders, because they show that the IP address is 114.143.108.1 158.144.109.170, 152.57.86.143 and 158.144.114.36, 103.226.236.243, 158.144.59 to 18.79 to 18.71 and so on.
Allan said the aim is to bring about a clean and corruption-free government.
Sanbor said that many MLAs from other political parties in the state also come to drink with him in his office at the Secretariat, and it does not mean that just sitting and drinking with the MLAs, they will. He said that if the BJP really has such a move, there will be no information within the party and even the BJP leaders in Delhi will inform and direct the BJP. The BJP leaders in Meghalaya have decided to improve the preparations for the admission of MLAs from other parties to the BJP, whether it is to take the MLAs to Delhi or the BJP leaders from Delhi to come to Shillong.
Your writing is not really informative.
Also present at the meeting were A. Laskar, Border Magistrate, West Karbi Anglong and Bah B. Langbang, Border Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: On 18th October 2020, the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) Central Body together with its members from Ri Bhoi District conducted an inspection at the collection gate of the National Highway Authority. of India after receiving a complaint regarding the assault of a truck driver from Jowai on the 16th of this month. October 2021 at about 12 noon to the employees who collect money at this gate every day.
S.Kharsohnoh, District School Education Officer (DSEO) and In-charge Sub Divisional School Education Officer (SDSEO), South West Khasi Hills District, reminded them of their duties and role as the administrators of the district. environment in which they must take care, care and protect to avoid damage, pollution of the environment that causes changes in the climate.
Speaking to Rupang, Larisha, a member of the Church of Christ, said that it is through the writings of the Bible that she is looking for ways and means how to help the poor. When she saw that the Rupang newspaper had taken this path, she was happy and came through this path to donate to the poor.
with the aim of preserving the environment such as forests, rivers and springs, improving and maintaining catchment areas as well as improving the economic development and income of the community village.
The widespread adoption of nano urea and other nano fertilizers will bring income to farmers and achieve the UN-Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
Prophecies, visions, and visions began at Pentecost and are still going on as the Holy Spirit is working around the world.
Referring to Prestone Tynsong's statement that Meghalaya should be sold if 1000 tyngka is given to the unemployed youth and women in the state, the TMC candidate from Rambrai-Jyrngam constituency said: He said that they can sell because they have already sold the border land, but the leaders of the TMC are not like Prestone Tynsong and the allocation of funds to implement these schemes that the TMC will bring will be. beat only 3 percent of the budget.
The parties that formed the MDA government include the NPP, the United Democratic Party, the People's Democratic Front, the Hills State People's Democratic Party, the Bharatiya Janata Party, the Nationalist Congress Party and independent MLAs. including those suspended by Congress.
Forwards: Ebormi Buam (West Jaintia Hills), Damonlang Pathaw (U-21, East Khasi Hills), Raikutshisha Buam (U-21, East Jaintia Hills), Kynsaibor Lhuid (West Jaintia Hills), Donlad Diengdoh (West Khasi Hills).
The court has fixed the hearing of the case for four months and wants Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi and Senior Advocate R. Andhyarujina to be amicus curiae to assist the court in taking a decision on the case. role.
The UDP and Bah Pynshngain last month, had agreed to arrange for a joint candidate, but it appears that both Pynshngain from the PDF and Bah Pius Marwein from the UDP have agreed. to contest the Ranikor elections which will be held in the coming months.
Speaking about the band, it has already released three songs, which have affected the society and they are songs about the rape and robbery of children.
They are residents of Nepali Compound, Rilbong.
Speaking to media, Ardent said that their calling Fr Sngi by the name of Rangbah Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh is a disrespect to the rights of Fr Sngi.
The teachers of NEHU have also sent the petition to the President of India, Pranab Mukherjee, who is the Visitor of the university and to the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD). do what is necessary.
Although Langsning have a chance to beat the team tomorrow, it is not easy to count.
Earlier, the Minister also launched the book “Indigenous 2023” at the programme.
It doesn't matter because the people will judge my services and it is more important to the people than anything else," she added.
It also helps for the proper functioning of the body's organs, proper circulation.
“When asked whether there will be any change in the political situation after the Sohiong elections, Dr Kharlukhi said he does not know what will happen.
According to information received, the contractors still owe Rs 2.97 lakh to the government besides the Rs 2.60 lakh already released by the BDO Office.
Eugeneson said that his victory is primarily due to the love of the people for his father and their appreciation for the work that his father has done and has done. He also congratulated all the people of Mawphlang Constituency who have elected him as the Leader of this constituency.
He said the North East is the gateway to South-East Asia and can become the center of economic development of the entire region.
The celebration was also attended by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, Government Ministers Lahkmen Rymbui, Kyrmen Shylla, CEM of KHADC Titos Chyne, MLAs. They included Ampareen Lyngdoh, AL Hek, CV Diengdoh IAS and other government officials and leaders.
Besides these awards, awards were also given to the oldest and youngest runners.
Prestone Tynsong said that in his political career, he has never been able to speak like Vincent H Pala.
At the beginning of the 1,000 years, Satan Lucifer, the serpent, will be destroyed.
We will end up at the meetings and take decisions to maintain the status quo,” said the Chief Minister.
Speaking at the meeting, HYC member Stephan Gashnga said that the police station is a place to punish those who commit wrongdoing and not a place to punish them. or be killed.
Romans 13:1-2.
These Community Isolation Centers have been set up at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Hall and Indoor Hall of Ladthalaboh Village, Jowai.
The pharmacy paid a $10,000 fine when the truth was discovered last November.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 20: U Minister of State for Ayurvedic Medicine and Surgey, Nongpoh today attended the opening ceremony of the 1st Bath of the Bachelor of Ayurvedic Medicine and Surgey. at the IA Ayurvedic Medical College, USTM, Khanapra, Ri Bhoi District.
“To me, I feel that this report is sufficient and Judge T.Vaiphei has done what he should have done as he saw and there has been an abuse of power by the Police until we “I'm sorry,” said Bah Shangpliang.
However, it was not possible because the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has rejected it.
After these things I saw that it would be impossible to draw water from the Lytein River at a depth of 370 feet into Rem-ew by pumps and manpower alone.
On the part of the Syiem of Raid Marwet, he said that as the head of the Raid, which has many foreigners, they have been waiting for such an opportunity for a long time. District Council, which is also part of the efforts to curb foreign traders, who have entered the state without providing the necessary documents, especially the documents from the District Council.
These findings prove that there is a difference between what MDCs say or express to the public and what they do within the council.
If we criticize too much, they will say “HUMAN RIGHTS” but rights also have responsibilities.
Most Rev Dr George Palliparambil SDB of the Diocese of Miao, Arunachal Pradesh will be the chief guest at the ceremony and consecration.
“The MOU needs to be reviewed and the land in Khanapara should be returned because this is a place where there is no dispute why it went to Assam.
P. Buam 29', 46', 90', K. Kharshong 73' and P Bhuiya 79' scored the five goals for Lajong.
Speakers who spoke at the meeting included Bah R. Ryntong, General Secretary, Tbn D. Nianglang, Former Moderator, Samla Arstrong Sohshang, President of KSU Mawshynrut Circle, Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh. HYC WKHD President K.Kharmuti and others.
Himalaya said that at CHC Pynursla alone in the last eight months, 16 children have died during childbirth.
The GNLA uses this name to save their name from shame.
The ceremony was held on 27.08.2022 in the presence of parents, brothers and sisters, children, Rangbah Kur of the Kur Syiemiong, office bearers of the Kur Syiemiong Kpoh MEBA and also in the presence of Head of Village Durbar of Umiam Village, Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong: The North Eastern Hill University (NHIU) has announced that it will conduct the Final Semester UG/PG examination from 7th to 16th March
He added that the arrest of members of the Sengbhalang from the streets and their prosecution under various provisions of the law is unfair.
The office bearers of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Umdohlun Circle are Lamborlin Paliar, Vice President Wohdiengbor Myrthong and Philmon Thongni, General Secretary Willbert Paliar, Assistant Secretary Rical Thongni, Organizing Secretary Kyrshanborlang P. Assistant Organizing Secretary Phiradaker Marweiñ, Publicity Secretary Iohborlin Nongsiang, Education Secretary Barkupar Paliar, Assistant Education Secretary Probinus Myrthong, Socio & Cultural Secretary Kynsaibor Thongni, Environment Secretary Blessman P.Sangerd Moldleiñ Advistar Palinstar Priest Langrin.
According to the rules of the NIT, once the price has been confirmed and recognized by the CPB, the price will apply and remain the same until the end of the contract.
Bah BH Syiemiong, Acting Syiem of Langrin Hima, said that the meeting was held after he assumed office as the Acting Syiem of Langrin Hima. He said this after the end of the Dorbar and explained to the media that in this Dorbar today, many people have been able to discuss the issues raised by the Hima Langrin. The approval of the people by raising hands and it went smoothly for the sake of bringing about a clean governance within the Hima Langrin.
“... he, desiring to justify himself, said to Jesus, “And who is my neighbor?” (Luke 10:29).
Bhopal: In these days, when the election campaign is intense, the demand for money and so a village in Madhya Pradesh, has a different strategy and that is, to The post of Rangbah Shnong has been auctioned at a price of T.44 lakh.
Shillong: Hundreds of students from War Jaintia Hills District have taken part in the Career Guidance Counseling Counseling organized by the KSU-War Jaintia Circle at Amlarem.
Knowledge is free to all.
It is at this time that the people have the power to elect leaders.
(b) At Iewduh – Shillong: It was named during the reign of Kyrshap, Syiem of Shillong and Miet Syiem of Shillong for bringing the Knia ka Khriam from Nongkseh to Iewduh. The King of Mylliem and his Bakhraw to this day.
“I'm extremely sad.
An employee of Star Cement was injured in an explosion at the factory in Lumshnong last night, the report said.
In fact, the hearing on the case was scheduled for today but due to the absence of a judge, the High Court had to postpone it, said Agnes Kharshiing, President of the High Court. CSWO has lodged a complaint against the MLAs/MDCs.
I bought two good things.
The State Government is still talking about those buses for the students, but NEHU has already done and operated them for decades now and that is that the students of NEHU, don't have to worry. They have to travel to and from the buses, because they have come from near their house and not only that, but at a very high price.
According to the Phase 1 demarcation, the Malidor River will fall into Assam and the government has promised to preserve the environment and fish. Assam and Meghalaya to quarry stone.
The Jowai Renovation Water Supply Project was initiated by the State Government and funded by the Ministry of DoNER under the NLCPR since 2002 at a cost of T 1541.13 lakh. The PHE of Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar on Thursday.
Shillong: A mother from Mawlai Motsyiar, Shillong has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 16th of this month at 11:29 pm, an indecent picture of her was posted on her Facebook account. Syiem, who said the picture was photoshopped, complained that the man had been harassing her since June this year.
When asked about the ticket application process, he said it all depends on the constituencies – some constituencies are many, some are few.
There is no need to eat pukhlein, putharo, etc.
“When you hold the button with the Trinamool Congress flag, you vote for Mamata Banerjee,” he said, adding that the vote goes directly to Mamata Banerjee.
He urged the government and the education department to fully implement the CPF and at the same time to implement the Retirement Benefits scheme.
Thus, blessing is the reward of righteousness, and cursing is the result of slander.
These Rangbah have not complained or complained that the people have elected them.
“Due to the lack of BSF troops to come to the rescue, the youths of the village decided to attack these Bangladeshis as soon as possible and in the attack, two of them were arrested and others were arrested. “It's a good idea to escape from the darkness of the night,” said Bah Kongwang.
h) The delay in the release of the Judicial Inquiry Report into the shooting death of Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew at his residence in Mawlai has been too long.
Sometimes it helps us to prepare ourselves," said the mother and didn't spend the food. "It's my mother," Banisha agreed. "I think he's an officer, isn't he?" asked Peter.
Speaking after the meeting, Himanta Biswa Sarma said they are preparing to set up a committee to resolve the border dispute.
Therefore, every day they lived together like this, and they didn't shun, they didn't hate, they didn't hate anything.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, today slammed the political parties which are part of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, but who criticize only for political gain.
At the same time, the REC will be the only supervisor and will provide more revenue to MeECL,” he said.
They are also beautiful if they don't have the right to do so.
For WKH, Fenny Nongrum took four wickets for eight runs in seven overs, while Sistilin Ryntathiang and Abiezer Kharsyiem took two wickets each.
At the same time, he urged all the players not to stop here but to go forward to take part in various chess tournaments. players must have a goal.
According to him, many of the NPP MLAs are still on their way to Shillong as the results have been announced on Friday.
“However, this does not mean that education in the Khasi-Jaintia region is adequate.
This ban has angered many of the youths of Malki village, especially when the youths of Malki village, who have trained themselves in the field of jngi teaching, have been banned from this jngi place which in the past they used to fly. the youth of the village used to swim and train at will in the area.
This year's Athletic Meet will be divided into three categories, U-14, U-16 and U-18 for boys and girls from schools. various in West Jaintia Hills District.
Banteidor Lyngdoh said that the party is deeply concerned about the absence of EC in the District Council and hoped that in the future the confusion in the District Council will be smooth.
Quitting smoking frees you from many serious diseases especially tuberculosis and cancer and after a few years you will witness the changes in your body and a happy life like others. bym ju drink.
The quarrying has severely affected Budugre which is a village under the jurisdiction of the Nokma chiefs of Garo Hills.
MeECL is ready to install or replace the transformer to supply electricity to the village in Khliehriat West.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Banshai said the government should not force the people to get vaccinated, but should also listen to the demands of the people and urged the government to allow them to the people shall live freely as citizens in all respects.
However, he said it also depends on the decision of the individual MLAs.
He said that Himanta's speech in the media should have hidden what was in his heart but the blood that came out was for his own power. , inevitably, will turn around, whereupon she will destroy him herself.
These Code Bins are available in two colours, blue for perishable waste and blue for non-perishable waste.
There were 2540 males and 2146 females.
All the relationships in this world have love in such a way that it cannot be found anywhere.
Revelation 16:1
Similarly, the MDA government in Meghalaya has been cold to the protests of various civil society groups.
The woman has now recovered and on the first day of this month she was discharged from the Civil Hospital Nongstoin and is now at home.
In 2017, Arnab met Parto at the St Regis Hotel, Lower Parel and gave him $6,000 for his trip to France and Switzerland; In 2019, Arnab Goswami paid another $6,000 for a trip to Sweden and Denmark.
“We rely on the wisdom of the state government to take a decision on this issue at the upcoming Cabinet meeting,” said BJP Meghalaya President Ernest Mawrie.
There are 17 SDGs and they are as follows: (1) End poverty (2) End hunger (3) Health (4) Literacy (5) Equality and open equal opportunities for men and women (6) clean water and adequate toilets (7) affordable and clean energy (8) economic opportunities to improve the livelihoods of families (9) Factories, construction and innovation (10) To reduce inequality in society where the poor have increased and only a few rich people have access to the opportunities of the majority because they are in the power (11) Cities that build responsibly so that they are not detrimental to human life and so that citizens do not suffer in any way (12) to be responsible in the use of things (13) How to protect the environment from climate change (14) Underwater life (15) Terrestrial life (16) Peace peace and justice through strong security mechanisms (17) Collaboration to achieve these goals.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Symbud CEM, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang said that they came to meet with the Symbud CEM, along with the land owners and handed over the documents. which has been in existence since
Shillong, Iaiong 11 : U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today urged the people of Meghalaya not to spread the video of the arrest of religious leaders from Meghalaya by members of the Bajrang Dal. in Patna, Bihar and handed over to the police as they were not involved as alleged but there was only a heavy protest.
And that the government will not leave them alone.
She said that she will work together with the people as well as the village leaders to bring about change in the village as well as the sport club.
After the members of the Executive Committee together with some of the elders of the village went to collect the Sanad as promised, Bah C.Pohlong fled from the office while the members of the village. The Executive Committee arrived at his office at 3:00 pm.
Mizoram batsman K.Vanrot Linga, who scored 67 runs in the first innings, scored 101 runs before falling to Bipin's ball.
Speaking at the meeting, the District Social Welfare Officer, East Jaintia Hills District, R.Pasah said that this program is held around the world every year on the 26th July. This day and month is necessary to increase awareness programs on drugs.
Police have registered 10 cases at the Sardar Police Station and arrested 10 suspects including Wanshwa Sun, David Sawian, Hamshwa Laitphlang, Samson Bynnud, Mankupar Bakai and others. Bynnud, Accountant Lyngdoh and Stowell Chyne.
The Secretary of the JAC, Bah Vincent Sohkhwai, said that if the office of the Deputy Commissioner needs them at any time, they have promised to revoke the license if they do not fulfill their duties. However, after fulfilling the duty as stipulated by the Government, the most difficult thing is the payment that the owners and drivers have to wait for years.
Then whom shall we blame? The reason is for us all. Without mercy to the river, it is 'jahbang', 'jahdait', 'jahkwah'
The Union of Dorbar Shnongs of Saiden Area (SDSA) today met with the officers of MeECL led by Bah EK Lapang, Chairman and other office bearers including Bah R.W. Shylla, Bah MG Kharshanlor, Bah RR Makdoh and Rangbah Shnong, in a meeting with the SDO of Nongpoh Sub Division to discuss the issue.
Lyngkhoi said that the residents of the village have nothing to fear, as the Dorbar Shnong has provided the documents to prove that the village and all the Khasi villages in the area fall under the Meghalaya.
On the 2nd November 2021, the Laitiam Multipurpose Cooperative Society (LMCSO) has launched a tourism office in Laitiam.
However, at the same time, she threatened that if she does not do anything, the BJP will take strong action against the government and these dewbilat companies.
The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) on Thursday informed the court that it will clean up all the garbage left in the market areas in Jowai by the end of this month.
The bridge has been constructed and this will affect the traffic of the people. The Ri-Bhoi Police have been busy arranging for the traffic.
Throughout this day, the teachers and students of St. Joseph English Medium School, as it is a school that still has a lot of assistance from the spiritual people and from the government to improve the education of the children in this border village.
The Under-17 boys and girls matches were held at the MFA Turf Polo Ground, Shillong and the Under-14 boys and girls matches were held at the Heh Ground, Mawlai Phudmuri, Shillong.
In 2018, the party had elected one leader to the Legislative Assembly, but amidst the dispute between the party leaders, the party has no leader now and in I will not be afraid, I will not be afraid; only time will tell because this political party is still silent.
He was involved in the implementation of the National Emergency Response System (NERS) at Shillong Sadar Police Station.
As it turns out, the leaders of Mawlai Village have expressed their full support to the MDC of Mawlai Village who will contest the MLA election this year.
Furthermore, they said that the people should understand and understand from now on that as fellow citizens to be vigilant and to have unity among their fellow citizens, because such acts are attacked and persecuted. The taking of lives of fellow human beings is unacceptable and harmful to the country and the nation.
Dear Teacher, I congratulate you for your hard work in guiding the children in their studies.
“We need to monitor, monitor the progress and implementation of the works,” he said.
Dkhar kwai comes from Sonapur and other places like Assam but Khasi kwai comes from the war zones of Meghalaya.
MEPA has proposed to work with the Khasi Writers' Association to get the recognition of the Khasi language under the 8th Schedule and also to get the recognition of the Khasi language. the Khasi language in the offices of the State Government.
Rona Khymdeit:There are taxes that have been released to us Schedule Tribes but even so the employees of the private sector, schools, offices are not happy to pay, they pay with enthusiasm but when they get here they misuse it. No, many people have called me and expressed that they are now reluctant to pay the Professional Tax.
East Khasi Hills has the highest number of cases with 491 active cases followed by West Garo Hills with 322, Ri Bhoi with 128, West Jaintia Hills with 93 and South West with Khasi Hills 51, Eastern West Khasi Hills 45, North Garo Hills 45, South Garo Hills 23, East Jaintia Hills 31, West Khasi Hills 31, and East Garo Hills 29.
Before the training, a short meeting was conducted by Babu Aidor Ryngksai, State Training Commissioner (Scouts) and a keynote address was delivered by W Lyngdoh, State Secretary. teaching staff and trainees.
Nongpoh: U Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, on Tuesday extended his special greetings to RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi, Bah N Lamare, SP Ri Bhoi, Raja Brahma, Border Magistrate and others. Government officials from Ri Bhoi, on their initiative to immediately visit Umlaper village and also those who have been able to talk to the police chiefs from West Karbi Anglong, for the removal of the police and the gate. The search was conducted in Umlaper, Assam.
Messi once again and Angel di Maria tried to create golden opportunities but failed.
The JNC reminded that in the past few days the JNC has already sent a request to the PWD office (Khliehriat) to inspect the area to find ways and means to clean up the area. except for any unfortunate incident that may occur at any time.
There is also a lot of rule of law in our state today.
At the same time, he also expressed his gratitude to the Ri-Bhoi Presbyterian Synod, which has such a desire for the development of education in this age of knowledge.
Furthermore, it was said that the Behdienkhlam festival will bring about the richness of the culture and traditions of the ancients.
However, Bah Phain has a plan, because he has asked for other assistance from the Government.
It was seen that some of the belongings that the people who went to help were able to take outside including tar and dairy cows that were trapped in the house were taken outside and it was also seen that the fire broke out. The fire broke out in the rice fields but the fire brigade managed to extinguish it in time and it could not spread to other rice fields.
We today preach to love our neighbor only in the church.
Jowai: The Jaintia Hills PWD Muster Roll Workers' and Labor Union (PWD) has decided to continue its strike without strike. scheduled to start on 17th November.
Regarding the measures taken by the HNYF against MeECL, Bah GH Kharshanlor said that the HNYF will lodge a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to submit a petition. Nongpoh: If MeECL continues to act negligently and does not take action, the union together with the Rangbah Shnongs will take stronger measures against MeECL.Nongpoh: Three people who They have been arrested and sentenced to three months in jail for allegedly kidnapping and killing a 14-year-old boy in Nagrabil village in Ri Bhoi district. He said that the police have not sought the facts to arrest those involved in the crime, but have followed the procedures and have arrested and intended to punish those who are involved in the crime. people who have nothing to do with the murder of the 14-year-old boy.
If those government officials take the money, it means that this government of Conrad is no different from that of Mukul Sangma.
Shah said the opposition had demanded that the talks should be held under Rule
In 2016, Grace Jones took part in the festival and this year too, there were many participants.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, has announced that the number of cases of COVID-19 in Lumsohphoh Village has been placed on the list of cases of COVID-1 Containment Zone, or area where people are warned not to enter and leave the village, from the 25th to the 4th of next month.
“During the interview, all those who are applying for the job were informed that the Orderly Peons should do household chores.
Bad face with the AR (Duo) and you.
:The Union Minister of State for Minority Affairs, John Barla, visited Dr H Gordon Robert Hospital, Jaïaw on 24th November .
“As we have seen in Tripura, there are groups who want to deprive those who have become Christians of citizenship,” said Bah Bajop.
Nongstoiñ: Mylliem SC beat Solid Target FC 1-0 in the Rani Motor's Knock Out Football Tournament on Saturday. Tournament 2018 (RMKOFT) is organized by Laitkseh Sport Club (LSC).
He said that MeECL will ensure that this work should proceed smoothly and be completed on time so that it will not disrupt the movement of the people, especially the transportation of equipment. tar and beverages which can be more expensive as they have to travel around to come to Shillong.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that these roads are very important for the development of the region as a whole.
However, the job of chowkidar may be a little more difficult because you have to stay here in the quarter.
This has shown to be a struggle between Pilot, who is expected to contest for the post of Prime Minister for a long time, and Gehlot, who is now the Prime Minister.
During the investigation, he could not explain how he bought the houses worth Rs 10 crore.
On the part of the Office Barato-A, they are very grateful to the National Director especially to the National Director through whom they have received a great blessing during this difficult time of curfew. Shillong: The World Mission (WM) has continued to provide food aid to 25 households in Khathynriewshnong, Sohra.
When asked by the MLA from Rambrai whether the people of West Khasi Hills have not yet accepted Aadhaar, HDR said that if necessary, the government will conduct another public hearing on this.
Shillong: Although Ampareen Lyngdoh, Working President of the Congress Party, has already announced three candidates, the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Mukul Sangma today said that the party has already announced three candidates. The Congress party is still considering the selection of candidates for the mid-term elections from three constituencies, namely Mawryngkneng, Rajabala and Mawphlang.
In order to build a playground for the handmade fields, the first task of the Trust at that time was to divert the Umkhrah River to one side of the land so that it would flow behind the rice fields. .
Erwamaia Nongsiej of Sanker Dev College came second while Banlumlang Nongkhlaw of Sanker Dev College came second.
As the workers started to strike, the GHADC authorities sent their letters.
The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Yeshi Tsreing, has announced to all the Deputy Commissioners in the state that Tuesday will be a public holiday in the state.
Benedict Jones Makdoh (1/51) and Gaurav Jyoti Thakuria (1/88) took 10 wickets each.
The CAS has taken the initiative to lift the long-term suspension against him by reducing it to one year.
“What illegal acts has he committed until you arrested them in the morning, whether it was murder or robbery or what illegal acts until you couldn't stand the truth? we don't mind if you arrest them if they commit crimes but we mind your arrest methods," they told the police.
There are three such women who are studying in Class II and are taking their mid-year examination and who want to complete their mid-year examination. Children from different ethnic groups have been attending this school since its inception.
The killing took place in the same area where 700 foreigners were abducted in Al-Bahra a few days ago.
When you look at it without a good foundation, it seems that this priest has spoken the truth.
“The public campaign has already started in other places and will start here soon,” said Vijaya.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday said the summons to appear before the National Investigation Agency (NIA) is “unacceptable” The peace process between the party and the Government is ongoing.
The Shnong said in a statement that Bah Tanlum k.
The two Regional Committees of Meghalaya and Assam, which met on Tuesday in Shillong, decided to visit the border areas in Langpih next month, after the Dorbar. Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of both the States.
After receiving necessary treatment at NEIGRIHMS Hospital Shillong, the injured man was released from the hospital today to return to the village. the bruise inside his body through the treatments they had already given him.
UDP Vice President Allantry F Dkhar said that Donald should not lodge a complaint with the authorities.
The Idea SIM Card is not available.
At the same time, KHNAM urged the political parties to take responsibility before it is too late lest the state become like Tripura where the indigenous people become like minorities.
Valentine Sohlang Minister of Home Affairs TbnPS Mawlieh who represented for the Home and Bah Powell Sohkhlet for the Christmas Make Over
India will host the G20 summit in New Delhi on 9 and 10 November.
The Cabinet Meeting of the Government of Meghalaya has decided to reopen the rural markets from the 15th of this month.
Shillong, Jymmang 12 : The UDP candidate for North Shillong Constituency, Dr Aman War, has been accused of making unfounded allegations about the expenditure of funds to fight the COVID-19 pandemic. Former Mawlai MLA and UDP candidate from Mawlai Constituency, said Bah PT Sawkmie.
From that day on, when he said, "Your will, O Lord, be done for me", Father Matta surrendered himself body and soul under the care of Jesus and Mary the Helper of Christian and went to Calvary for the repentance of sinners and to save all people.
These young members of the Yuva Tourism Clubs are determined to promote responsible tourism and showcase the country's unique heritage.
There are also those who have left their children because they don't have teachers.
Hence, the Confrontation! If one compares the ancient Khaddar Khasi Synshar with the Pyrdaiñ of today, one will see that difference.
On the other hand, there is also a section in the Bill which talks about the need to establish a Village Development Council (VDC) within the Dorbar Shnong to implement all schemes and development works.
We as a family cannot repay you for your kindness to us, but we wish you well in every way, we hope God will repay and bless you for your kindness.
But these days, thousands of young graduates are unemployed.
The Rangbah Shnong urged the residents to work together at any time when there is a program as such trainings provide various training.
The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) under the leadership of President Fairlyston Teron together with the President of Umiam Circle Samlang Pdahkasiej on Tuesday met with the District Medical and Health Officer (DMHO) of Ri Bhoi District. They urged them to send doctors to the hospital as soon as possible so that the people of the area can get the treatment.
Therefore, in order to bring about development and change in the villages of Mawhati, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh as the leader of FKJGP from Ri Bhoi, said that the party demands from the MDA 2.0 government to He also requested the MLA of Mawhati, Bah Charles Marngar to hold a table in the Legislative Assembly. “It's a good idea to have a government office in the state so that these aspirations of the people to come to this government office will come true and will benefit the people,” he added.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) has decided to conduct the online census on 28th June 2020 from 11 am to 2 pm. to learn about the loss of lives of the people due to the lockdown across India and Meghalaya.
The smuggling of vehicles from Meghalaya starts from Jerobad to Guwahati or Airport, but the main reason why the Assam Police smuggle vehicles from Meghalaya along the road is only to They don't want to collect money because they don't like Assam vehicles and they take advantage only of vehicles from Meghalaya.
Army sources said there were clashes in areas in Churachandpur, Kangpokpi and Imphal districts.
On the other hand, the union has demanded from the district chief to immediately remove the BSF camp at Amlarem but to send them back to the border areas to block the area. People from Bangladesh.
However, in the appointment of vacancies and the filling of vacancies, there is a requirement to fill in the remaining vacancies since 1972. “It is an urgent matter that they have to convey to the Prime Minister and the government that this roster system should not be implemented since 1972, but from now on,” he said.
She was suffering from high blood pressure and was taken to NEIGRIHMS Hospital on the morning of 3rd March 2020 at 4:30 pm after she suffered from breathing difficulties.
Miss Lorenza Songthiang won the gold medal in the 52 kg category from Junior Girls E/K/H.
At the meeting of the Youth of Iooksi Pyllun, many of the youth of the village gave their opinions and urged the people to support u Nehimaya Tyngkan so that his dream and aspiration will be achieved. serve the people in urlong.
The Constitution of the Dorbar Shnong Sonapyrdi was launched by former Waheh Shnong Pirit Talang on the 22nd of this month in the presence of the Village Leaders and Village Members.
Thus he said – “I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God.
The Syiems of HimaJaintia themselves are an example because even though all the Kur Syiems of Jaintia Hills are Hindus, they still follow the customs and traditions of inheritance from women and they still hold the Iawbei ceremony. They are located around the Hima Jaintia.
In the U-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy, Meghalaya beat Arunachal Pradesh by five wickets to win the North East Zone title by 156 runs at Mangaldai Stadium. Assam.
The newly formed village has 40 households and a population of 360 people.
He said that there are young people who misunderstand that “it is useless to go to school because we don't get government jobs anymore in this age”. young son.
It is also considered that a child who sits in front of an elder is a child who does not have respect.
From the beginning, which is the heart and face of the city, it has become like a jaiñjot rynjaiñ. It cannot be honored anymore. Why do you want to be happy and selfish? It is no longer the age of war as in the past, but we need the wisdom and understanding that only God can help the nation.
The Minister said that at present, he has not decided to contest from another constituency.
The couple, who got married last year, have been ordered by a court in Bhopal to live separately for six months and after that, it will decide to Their marriage was cancelled.
In Uttar Pradesh, Samajwadi Party leader Akhilesh Yadav has complained about the lack of EVMs or the allegation that the machines vote directly for the BJP. the most violent murder.
The first issue was raised by Vanlalhlana of the Zoram People's Movement (ZPM), demanding that the Government of India should implement the United Nations Act. Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, 2007”.
“At the same time, the CEM said that now the tourists don't have the opportunity to see the Heritage Village in Mawphlang because many of them have to be repaired.
On the other hand, Agnes said that this is a threat to the witnesses, which has put at risk the people who want to expose the illegal activities in the state. Agnes told the OC of Madanryting.
Speaking at a National Seminar organized by the Khasi Author Society (KAS) and the Hynniewtrep Delhi Association (HTDA), Ma Pala said, “It is very important that the Khasi language is preserved. enter the Fifth Circuit.
To reduce obesity and weight gain, you need patience and lifestyle changes that can help you lose weight, these include eating less food, sweet drinks and foods that are full of salt.
The North East will play against the North Zone on the 24th, the West Zone on the 28th, the South Zone on the 30th and the South Zone on the 2nd. November against the Central Zone.
The AIFF has organized a tournament for children but this depends on the participation, and here we have a league to ensure the tournament,” said AIFF General Secretary Biswanath Sinha. Today is a great day for Tata Trusts.
“They bought our MDCs with the money of the central government which they received T.133 crore,” said Dr Donkupar.
He had strong faith that God would send him a good man.
“For who can make straight that which he hath made?” Ecclesiastes 7:1
The president of KJDSTA said that the salary for the second quarter of July to April will be released next month.
On the morning of July 16, unidentified robbers robbed seven shops in Ummawlien village of Pyndengumïong village, Eastern West Khasi Hills.
Therefore, if this argument is indeed correct, there will come a time when people who understand the value of the vote will no longer be able to compete with those who go to vote under the influence of money which can be a This is a great threat to the state and the future generations.
The value of jhur in the daily diet has been recognized by people around the world in recent times.
AMSSASTA Ribhoi and the 4th grade teachers demanded that the CM Mukul Sangma and the Education Minister should take immediate action to increase the salaries.
The ceremony was attended by the Minister in charge of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri, Advisor to the Prime Minister, Hamletson Dohling, Commissioner & Secretary, Ministry of Sports. Dr Vijay Kumar, Director Sports, Isawanda Laloo, MSOA office bearers including Working President John F Kharshiing, Finely L Pariat General Secretary and members of the office bearers.
Lion Sports & Youth Affairs, which tied first, scored 127 runs in 20 overs for the loss of six wickets.
KJCLF continues to urge and demand the closure of the casino and the repeal of the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act 2021, said a statement from Rev EH Kharkongor. Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the Government intends to relocate not only the people living in Iewmawlong, but also the schools and places of worship. Blei spirit, who is in this place.
There are also hotels including Suruchi Hotel for T.8683, Swastic Hotel for T.35014, Elgin Hotel for T.48990 and Meghalaya Urban for T.
Former Congress MLA Bah Kimfa Marbaniang, who has joined the NPP party and has no hope of winning because the government is also led by the NPP. Rambrai is not accepted by the people.
Tura, July 12: Meghalaya Police have arrested ANVC members for a clash with ANVC members on Saturday at Darengagal near Chunmati Dobasipara in Tura, West Garo Hills District. , is their most glorious victory, in which four members of the A'chik National Volunteers Council-B (ANVC-B) were shot dead in the They also recovered a large number of weapons from the hideout of the militants.
He said that sports policy is part of enabling the youth to stand on their own feet, it is a source of employment, and there is a huge income in the sports industry.
Speaking to reporters after filing her nomination papers, Agatha said she will win again, even though the Congress party has contested against Mukul Sangma. He also said that the goal of this edition is to work for the development of Garo Hills.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Body on Saturday held a banner rally around Shillong as part of the joint efforts with the Khasi Author Society (KAS) to demand the introduction of The Khasi language is included in Article 5 of the Constitution of India.
On the other hand, the Head Teacher of the school said that the school is very old and has reached more than 102 years old. schools and teachers to conduct schools during the rainy season.
There were 6,066 cases on Tuesday, including 907 in Kamrup (M) district.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Hek praised the author of this book for his contribution to Khasi literature especially in drama and believes that the release of this book will improve the society.
In conclusion, we see that the teachings of Jesus are the way, and the most perfect religion.
The committee will have to submit its report by the end of this month.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 30: The SSSM, in collaboration with the Divisional Officer, Soil & Water Conservation Division, South West Khasi Hills District, on the 27th and 28th June, Drawing competition, badminton and marathon were held as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya and the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence.
Who in the world is not angry with such a calamity? However, the Message of Christmas is: “God loves a cheerful giver” (2 Corinthians 9:7).
Four candidates from Nartiang Constituency.
Bah Ardent will have to answer on the VAB first.
“The use of plastic has been banned by the Government, but we are facing difficulties in the implementation of the law but we will ensure that the Government does not hold on to this.
The welcome address will be delivered by Kong Phidalia as the Chairperson of the MSCW. He said that the Social Welfare Department will set up a Search Committee to find the new Chairperson of the MSCW.
However, what is surprising is why the officer of the Chief Minister, had to slap a journalist of the city, when he asked about the incident? The actions of this officer were inconsistent with the position he held.
There have been eight deaths and 507 new cases on Saturday.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the Rangbah Shnongs, said that although he does not know the number of cases of COVID-19, they have received information from the District authorities of Ri Bhoi District. all the shops open in these villages.
The ANVC-B has alleged that the ANVC has violated the agreement between it and the government and has asked the government whether the ANVC has continued to recruit members. taxes on coal traders in Nonggal and other parts of Garo Hills.
v) To say that the Khasi era is the era of knowledge of man and knowledge of God is also wrong.
Seven of these drones sent by Russia that night were shot down.
In Shangpung Hima, Laskein C&RD Block, Bah Wailadmiki Shylla launched the flag ceremony.
Referring to ACHIK's desire to bring the winter capital to Garo, Robertjune said, “We also want to have two budgets. , one for Garo Hills and one for Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Because the music is the forefront for Seagram's Royal Stag and the youth of today are interested in listening to music in new styles.
(iv) Employees in the State do not receive leave such as casual leave, earned leave, medical leave and others.
Shillong: A new book entitled “We have been saved” was launched on 09th November 2019 at Kyndong Tuber by Rev.PL Pakma.
Shillong: The Ribhoi Students Union (RBSU) Jirang Circle today visited the site of the foundation stone for the construction of the Public Health Center (PHC) Jirang. The foundation stone was laid on the 10th November 2002, during the tenure of Prime Minister FA Khonglam.
The All Jaintia Mid Day Meal Workers Union, Jowai, has expressed its gratitude to Mr. Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Education and Dr Ramesh Pokriyal Nishank, Principal Secretary, Minister of State for Education, Government of Meghalaya, on April 29,
For days we haven't met the Principal,” they said.
The election for the new MLA of Sohiong constituency will be held on 10th June, 2023 and the counting of votes will be held on 13th June,
The corona virus is spreading rapidly in India.
The Union observed a two-minute silence as a sign of respect for the service of the man to the nation.
The meeting unanimously agreed to demand the holding of a dorbar shnong, to express the voice of the people.
Nagaland beat Meghalaya by 371 runs in the U-19 Cooch Behar Trophy on the second day of the tournament in Jorhat today.
“There was no rain, the earthquake happened when the sky was hot,” said a source from Rattacherra.
“Each village will be allocated T.34 lakh for income generation and support activities,” Kumar said.
Besides this run and cycle, there will also be a webinar on the 14th on the theme 'Freedom Fighters of the Jaintia Hills'
Jowai, July 11: The Under-13 Football Tournament 2024 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Jowai.
It is for this reason that we find the childbearing of our young girls and the problems that follow.
Those who think it doesn't matter if they break the law because they have their own special ones.
However, the government has insisted on the participation of the Chairman and General Secretary.
They beat Synrop 3-2 in the final which was played on Tuesday at Madan Heh in Mawlai Phudmuri.
If those chiefs say that the Khasi chiefs have signed the IOA&AA, it is said that the Khasi people have not yet signed the instrument of merger (like other states, especially in Assam).
On the opposition's opposition to the government in relation to the Dalits, Modi said the BJP MPs would spend the night with the Dalits on the night of 14th June and on the 5th of June. In 20,844 villages, which have up to 50 percent Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribes, to inform about the good works of the Government of India, for these minorities.
The people who put up the signs and identified themselves as school teachers, turned to the children and asked them to join the “new class groups” and sent them to One -time Passwords (OTPs), the source said, adding that once students join these groups, they will be asked for detailed information.
The funeral service will be held on 2.2.2023 at 10 pm at the Presbyterian Church Jowai.
As a reminder, in the past, it used to be the custom to have a fire in the middle of the house.
The UDP President's remarks came after the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today praised his brother-in-law, James K Sangma, for the Ministry of Home Affairs. she has done many good works.
In the fight against drug smuggling from the state, police on Tuesday night seized drugs worth T.2 crore from a Tata Sumo.
The KJP Synod Mihngi School, Thangskai, expresses its gratitude and congratulations to Dalmia Bharat Cement Ltd, Thangskai for its donation of dynaroof tins for the newly constructed school. Thangskai Village, East Jaintia Hills District.
The scooter is easier to ride and more enjoyable to ride, which is welcomed by many people who enjoy riding these scooters.
On the same day, u Samla Donald Thabah inaugurated the house built by the KSU Laban Circle at Maxwelton Estate to provide shelter to the homeless people. bar states are valid in this area.
The speakers included Mrs. W.Khonglah from DSWD & One Stop Center (OSC), Mrs. S.Passah, District Child Protection Officer (DCPO), South West Khasi Hills District. Banisha Snaitang, Psychiatric Nurse, District Mental & Health Program (DM&HP), South West Khasi Hills District, Ms. N.Hahshah, Panel Lawyer, District Legal Services Authority (DLSA), South West Khasi Hills District, I.Khardewsaw, Childline Foundation, South West Khasi Hills District, and Bah SJ Kharbhih, Sub-Inspector of Police Department.
The Union, which received information a few days later, has taken this step to strongly condemn those who committed violence and attack against the Rangbah Shnong and requests the law enforcement agencies from the police to take action against the Rangbah Shnong. which is necessary on this occasion.
There are border disputes in all the states of India - not only the North East States - Asom and Nagaland, Manipur and Nagaland, Mizoram - Arunachal Pradesh and Asom, etc .Can we say that all these states have no borders?
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Minister of State in charge of Social Welfare, Deborah Marak, on Tuesday said that the number of households in need of food has increased in these days. street child.
Security forces on Sunday destroyed a militant camp after a clash with militants in Anantnag district of Jammu & Kashmir, police said.
More than 1000 Chinese troops have entered India in Uttarakhand, the Economic Times reported, destroying a bridge at Barahoti. China.
Similarly, in many Hima, Ministers, Rangbah Shnongs and Sordar Shnongs are also members of the Executive Dorbar.
Nongstoiñ: Kith United FC have won the 10th match of the Rani Motor's Knock Out Football Tournament (RMKOFT) organized by the Laitkseh Sport Club (LSC).
Some of the speakers, on that day, when they remembered what happened in their house, said one woman, “Only those who are new to shiah, understand the disease. ".
Shillong, November 22: After many complaints and complaints from the residents of Mawsynram Circle, Banshai Marbaniang and Morgan J Lyngdoh GS Mawsynram Circle, have been forced to use Aadhaar in banks. They met with the Manager of Meghalaya Co-operative Bank Ltd. in Shillong to discuss the matter.
Governance and administration were led by new groups of people, known as the “high levels” who seized all the power and functions.
Besides, she said that this is a step so that the people do not elect people who are not qualified every five years.
They immediately informed the Umsning Police Outpost and after a few hours, the body of the man was recovered in the presence of police from Umsning Police Outpost.
He said that the people should not spread false news and everyone should work for the sake of peace.
The Cyber ​​Security Operations Center will further strengthen the cyber security of the Army in order to monitor, protect against external threats and prevent the breach of the Assam Rifles Wide Area Network (ARWAN).
He said that the office bearers wanted Bah Kharshandi to stand up, but Ma Thing Lyngdoh, one of the leaders of the party since the Hilla State struggle with Maieit Hoping, did not want anyone. He said that if it is wrong, two groups of lions may appear in Nongstoiñ.
Speaking to media after meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, HITO President Donbok Dkhar said that after the announcement of the results of the MBOSE, the union has found that There are some students who cannot continue their education because their parents can no longer support them. such as these,' he said.
But only his brother was upset about his brother’s return.
Colombo: At least 207 people were killed on Easter Sunday when militants attacked Christians in Sri Lanka by bombing five places, including hotels and churches. also the same.
Earlier in the programme, Bah Eson A.Khongrymmai, District Mission Manager, MSRLS/NRLM, South West Khasi Hills District, conducted the programme. Jakrem Village Minister, Bah P. Wahlang and welcome speech by Sedin Syiemiong.
The Vice President of the RBYF, Bah LK Sawkmie, said that the RBYF is not against the holding of the festival but is strongly against the setting up of a bar at the festival.
Meirad Desi was one of those who strongly opposed the plan of the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya to mine uranium from Wahkaji in the 1990s. ) Ma Hoping Stone Lyngdoh.
The concert was organized by TNT Magazine, which celebrates its 70th anniversary and was sponsored by AIRCEL. and the trouble grew so great in the ninth song that the music had to be suspended for a while, in order to correct all the shortcomings.
The ceremony was attended by the family members of the deceased and her children, village leaders, office bearers and colleagues of Bah Banteidor, members and management of the Presbyterian Church Maw u Sam, who sang a song of thanksgiving to U God and prayers.
In 1970, we demanded a Hills State, but we did not get Meghalaya Land.
It may be recalled that in 2014, the party had already demanded an independent inquiry, but it is not yet known whether the demand ended without any results.
The forecaster of the corona virus, has made it clear that the virus will not disappear soon, but will remain on the face of the earth and this could happen after six months.
Social Secy- Deibormi Muiai.
On the other hand, Rinalis Ingti congratulated all those who supported her to reach this goal and expressed her gratitude for her ability to do well and win medals in this tournament.
The seven areas which are still in the middle of the border dispute to be resolved in the second phase include Langpih, Borduar, Nongwah-Mawtamur, Desh Doomreah, Block 1 & Block II and Psiar-Khanduli.
Wahiajer Narpuh Village and Sports Club urged the public and political parties to come and support them on this public hearing.
It is learned that for several months now there has been a discussion and consultation between him and the people of Mylliem area and especially of Lawsohtun village where he lives and from this discussion it was decided that he He should continue to contest in 2018 from Mylliem constituency.
New Delhi, November 21: Draupadi Murmu has won the presidential election to become the youngest President of India.
Speaking to media, Bah Titos said that as the KHADC stands on the ground that while the land owners, residents, chiefs and the people have not accepted the railway line, the KHADC will not accept the railway line. stand on this foundation.
The relief items purchased for these 7 poorest families were collected from a voluntary donation of 35,000 tyngka by private individuals.
The Inner Line Permit does not work in Meghalaya.
They also asked if the DC has not done anything against the company and if anything bad has happened to the health of the residents who use the water as drinking water. Who will be responsible for public health? At the same time, the Rangbah Shnongs have requested the KHADC not to issue a Trading License to the company which has endangered the health of the people.
read the Word of God, pray the Rosary, do the Way of the Cross or any other prayer.
The Hill Farmer Union in a letter to the district chief officer, said that the presence of a full time SDO will make it easier for the people to complete the outstanding works. .
Paresh Shah spoke about the provisions of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) for the protection of children's rights.
It is prohibited by one law, but those who commit illegal acts, choose the path of 'Benami'
Therefore, the Seng demands that the SBI Nongstoiñ Branch should respect the people as it is these people who need it every day and who are the lifeblood of the bank. If the Bank does not listen, the Seng will take stronger measures.
These patients, have contracted the virus while undergoing treatment for other diseases, such as injuries and other treatments.
There have been 6,830 new cases of covid-19 in Bangladesh on Tuesday, bringing the total number of cases to 624,594 and the death toll to 50 in the past 24 hours. to 9,155 people.
At the beginning of the State in 1972, the per capita income in the State was 327 (three hundred and twenty-seven) tyngka and it was the lowest in the country.
The reason is because they didn't throw properly and the machine didn't cut the papers during the knot.
Kharmusulman said that the matter will be monitored until it is resolved.
The ticket price for this lucky draw is 300 tyngka per ticket.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday announced that the state government has a plan to build a skywalk from Barik Point to Khyndailad.
Macmillan Byrsat MLA Nongstoin Constituency was the chief guest, in the presence of Cluster Coordinator, Happiness Tympuiñ, Sordar of Siejlieh, Deborlan Kharsyntiew, Secretary of Siejlieh. The village council, the elders of the area and the people of the village who came to witness the event.
There will also be explanations on many health related issues including the vaccination of children up to 5 years of age through the Intensified Mission Indhradhanush (IMI 5.0).
Many people came to condole the funeral of Bah Michael Warjri, including Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, Bah Victor Ranee, people's leaders from Jirang, FKJGP leaders and HNYF, including Marcus Marten, Lumlang Mawnai and others.
There are signs that the smuggling of illegal migrants into the Indian border is due to the failure of the Border Security Forces (BSF).
“As the MLA of the area, after the complaint of the people of the constituency, I have decided to distribute to the villages, urban areas and urban areas.
In June this year, the Meghalaya High Court had ordered the implementation of the roster system.
At the same time, to dig or clean the fields, to harvest beforehand the soh ki pai or jhur ki jhep that has grown or died, to hide in the time of thunder or lightning, to search for information from time to time and to avoid going to streams or rivers as heavy rainfall will flood small streams or rivers.
The Chief Advocate of the State, Bah VGK Kynta, said that only a Civil Suit can fulfill the Government's plan to evict the people living in Them Ïew Mawlong.
Through this opportunity, the same player of Marbisu who was overthrown and who scored the first goal took the golden opportunity and without missing the ball he shot went straight into the net. Macdonald Kharbuki scored the first goal of the match for Marbisu.
“There are residents of the constituency who have moved to other constituencies whose votes are still in North Shillong freely without waiting for a reply or waiting for me to call but they come to fulfill their duty. and to give me support," he added.
HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani said that the HANM is saddened to see that the Khasi Pnars are being mistreated in Assam in Cachar Hill and also in Lapangap Block-1 and Block-2
Most parts of Jharkhand have received heavy rains since Saturday evening in which many places have been flooded, which has damaged many crops, destroyed it has destroyed many places and also taken the lives of people.
Earlier, the owner of the Polo Towers Hotel, Raj Kumar Sharma and 24 foreign traders had lodged a complaint with the High Court, which had suspended the construction of the market.
The union has also met with the OC of Siangshai, Saitsama Police Outpost, West Jaintia Hills District to check and check the vehicles coming from West Karbi Anglong, Assam.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills has announced that places of worship will be allowed to open in the district from 1st March 2020 in compliance with the SOPs issued by the government.
Ilarisa A. Lamin, a student of Class 9 at St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, took part in the program and said, “Traditional teachings such as respect and manners are the most important. we already knew, but I am grateful that through this programme, I have had the opportunity to understand better the value of these teachings especially when we practice them in our daily lives.
However, if you study many chapters in one subject, the marks are equal to those of subjects with only a few chapters, which makes it difficult for the students in their studies.
So, this training center aims to bring breadth in academic careers where students can look at various problems from a different perspective and this brings holistic solutions that bring the encouragement of students to work together in various activities and to participate in academic and social activities.
“An ambulance is very important for health and without an ambulance doctors, nurses and staff all seem to have a disability.
He said that the Seng has sought clarification from the Symbud Myntri Rangbah on the Inner Line Permit (ILP) which has been pending in the cupboard of the Government of India for three years.
Another issue that the people of the state are expecting to see the government to address immediately is the overloading of traffic which has affected not only the traffic but especially the people who go to work. for those vehicles carrying patients as well as school children.
Shipara is ready to hold the 1st Invitation Football Tournament Knockout 2023-2024 at the Mawkyllei Sports Club. Organization.
In a statement, the Secretary, Agriculture & Farmers' Welfare, said that the state government has ended the subsidy on fertilizers since 2014 to reduce the impact on farmers. humans and the environment from these fertilizers.
The suspect has promised to take action if an FIR is lodged against him,” said the family members.
She has joined the Wrestling Association for about six months and has only received training for about seven days.
Shillong, June 25: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Mairang Sub-Division Circle (HNYF) Mairang Sub-Division Circle has passed away. On Saturday evening, 16th June 2016, 36 households were damaged and 22 households were damaged and had to stay temporarily in other places due to the cyclone. I'm not long anymore.
It stirred until it remained marked on each page.
Shillong: The Cabinet meeting of the State Government has decided to continue the closure of schools until 30th June
On the other hand, responding to the Chief Minister's statement that he will not talk to Tom, Dick or Harry, Gokhale said and recalled the meeting in New Delhi, Many of these things are clearly recognized as the spokesperson of one of the second largest parties in Parliament.
Shillong, June 07: Leaders of the Coordination Committee of International Border (CCIB) on Monday met with the owners of border land at Dawki to encourage them not to hesitate to erect signs while the government does not listen to them. you're right.
Population alone is not enough, however, a people who are brave and willing to fight.
The program was conducted by the Principal of Dkhiah East Secondary School, Luciana Nongtdu and was attended by the students and teachers of the school. for sha for.
They should be able to persuade the Central Government, which is here in New Delhi, to agree to give them their own land. The whole state, that is, the Achik State for the Achik State and the Hynniewtrep State for the Hynniewtrep State.
Rupang spoke to the Chief Executive Member of JHADC, Ma Thombor Shiwat, who expressed his surprise over the High Court's order.
The Constitution of India through the 6th Schedule has given special powers to the Dorbar Shnong to protect and preserve the minority community in all aspects. The Seng which stands firm on the basis of protecting, promoting and preserving the jaitbynriew will continue to follow up on this issue until these authorities or foreigners They will not be able to become villagers in the state as a whole, said a statement from Mr. Banraplang Pyngrope, President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU).
The two groups clarified that the recent incident in Mukroh village is not due to ethnic differences or differences of opinion between the Khasi and Assamese but between the Government of Assam and the Government of Meghalaya. The inability to resolve the border issue which has been in dispute for 50 years has caused the loss of many lives.
Mairang, Naitung 05: The District Transport Office (DTO) Mairang today handed over the registration of the first vehicle, a Mercedes Benz belonging to the MLA of Mawthadraishan, Bah H. Brolding Nongsiej. He is also the Minister of State in charge of Water Resources and other departments.
The three-day festival will feature various exhibitions of traditional instruments, traditional music, song and dance and various competitions in various traditional games.
Elad Pohshna, Assistant Executive Engineer, MeCEL, Jowai on the 12th of this month has released the tickets for the Lucky Draw which will be held on the 11th November
Travel from one district to another and outside the Shillong Urban Agglomeration and surrounding areas will be only through passes obtained from the relevant authorities.
Murray is currently ranked 44th in the ATP Live Rankings and will compete in the Challenger event in Nottingham.
This person should be imprisoned, he came from NY without informing just because he is rich...if he didn't do it, he wouldn't know what would happen.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi has strongly criticized the Narendra Modi government for remaining silent on the issue and reminded what he had said earlier that the disease, You can reach 20 lakh people by 10th July
Meghalaya will play again on Tuesday against Vidarbha, who beat Sikkin by nine wickets in the first match on the same day (Saturday).
“We as the Diocese appeal to the Central Government and the Manipur Government to bring peace in Manipur and to stop this bloodshed immediately.
The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkhar, Bah WHD Syngkon.
We are committed to providing the support and opportunity for the development of these talents, and over the past five years we have invested heavily in the development of sports activities. which is also the top goal for our state.
(viii) To not forget, to hold and follow, improve, promote and preserve the good heritage of our ancestors.
The union said that the government has also spoken to the Assembly on the issue of upgrading the Sawsymper Sub Center to a PHC but till now no sign has been seen that the government will upgrade the Sawsymper Sub Center to a PHC. in connection with this hospital.
Adding to his reply, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government has allocated funds to the Cooperative Societies in the field of pig farming and there are also programs where the government has distributed piglets to the farmers. They have to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the Central Government and there are also schemes laid down by the State Government.
He arrived at the small airport in Vile Parle at 11:20 pm.
The BJP will meet in Dehradun today to elect the new chief minister of the state.
There is no other festival that has been so well thought out for children.
ADC CS Laloo, SDO Amlarem Civil Sub-Division, JU Kharpuri, BDO S. Sungoh and others were also present at the meeting.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The Seng Khasi Mawkhar, Shillong has announced that it will hold the RongBiria Seng Annual Shooting Competition scheduled for the 19th November,
LP School 12.
Teachers who have completed one or two years of training from Government Normal Training School (GNTS) Sohra/Tura and from District Institutes of Educational Training (DIET) across the state as well as from other institutions Training Center/Institute, you don't have to go to D.El.
The scheme has been launched as a Welfare Measures Scheme to address the hardship of the families of government employees who are ill, die part-time, and whose families have no income or income, but are dependent on depends on the deceased government employee.
God will judge what is right and wrong.
It is for this reason that even if they have to lose their jobs, they do not hesitate to follow the candidates they support.
He also urged the MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum to come forward and speak on this issue.
They beat Panaliar 2-0 at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai on Thursday.
Later, a meeting was held at the Indoor Hall of the Ladthadlaboh Village Council.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 12: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 was held on Saturday at Deinchynrum Stadium, EJHD under the auspices of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA).
We are a backward state in terms of health care, and now we must strengthen it before anything bad happens – Prevention is better than cure.
Therefore, government departments should take responsibility to provide accommodation to the employees”.
Showing commitment to the policy of helping to work first with neighboring countries, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has become the first world leader to visit Sri Lanka after the terrorist attacks. Easter Sunday is the day of celebration.
China, which has invaded Tibet, according to reports, wants to divert the Brahmaputra River to irrigate Tibet's dry fields.
The meeting was conducted by Forme Bina and was addressed by BAM JH President Yoosar Kynjing, Central Body President June Kharbuli, Adviser Iahmi Khyriem and others. , Jowai.
The Chief of Army Staff said that the BSF is doing its utmost to employ the youth of the villages on the Bangladesh border so that all the villages can continue to develop.
In this regard, I would like to clarify that until now the Party has not taken a decision on whom to nominate as candidates in these elections; The candidates will be decided and announced in due course,” said Dr. Batskhem Myrboh, Spokesperson of the VPP. I support MDCs and MPs if you don't do like these other parties HSPDP, UDP, NPP, BJP and INC.
It is learned that many of the NPP workers have left the party because they are not happy with the entry of former Minister FW Momin into the NPP.
The West Jaintia District Table Tennis Association (WJHTTA) on 29th November held an Open One Day Table Tennis Tournament at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium, Jowai.
Some tools are like sending messages, and others.
This was announced in a statement by Eldie Newton Lyngdoh, Information Secretary.
This is not the first time that BJP members have spoken, but in the past few days, they have spoken at the election campaign in Delhi and at rallies in support of the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA).
In Shillong, the most productive areas of garbage are Iewduh, Iewmawlong, Motphran, Anjalee, Khlieh Iewduh.
“It has been a great disaster for the farmers of Larnai this year
At this meeting, the Kur will also honor the youth of the Kur who have passed well in various subjects as well as speeches by the elders of the Kur.
On the other hand, the MLA has already sent a letter to the Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh on the 18th of this month expressing his strong opposition to the proposal to take away the equipment purchased for this purpose. to Hospital to Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat.
The union is surprised that while the Khasi youth are still unemployed, why have these contractors brought in these foreigners without being able to provide the necessary documents before they come? work.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Rev. Bishop Purely Lyngdoh said that the SAFF has no intention of urging the government to reopen the churches but this decision is up to the government once they have reopened the churches. I don't know about the new SOP's.
Four parishes including Laitkor, Mawkynrew, Jongksha and Mawryngkneng took part in various sports competitions and the winner was Laitkor Parish.
The purpose behind this tournament is to promote football in the Mawkynrew area.
“I think this road has been constructed at a speed of only 20-25 km per hour,” said Bah Metbah.
“Chandrasekhar's statement is like a demand from the people of Meghalaya.
FM Dopth was the chief guest to open the festival while Minister of Revenue, Disaster and Social Welfare Kyrmen Shylla was the chief guest to unveil the festival.
He said that the MVIs from Assam are robbing the truck drivers from Meghalaya who do not know the laws and regulations.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Metbah said he is delighted that the village is celebrating its 125th anniversary.
They themselves came to ask me to join the BJP,” he said.
When we look at the objectives of these Seng Riewlum expressed in their Constitutions, we see how they talk about protecting and developing their Trai Ri Trai Muluk, to understand the boundaries of the State and to not allow at all to be attacked by foreigners but not to destroy the land which we have the right to own, to take care of the trees, the soil, the flowers and so on. etc.
In another incident, on 15th June, police in Jengjal, West Garo Hills, have seized a truck (AS-25EC-4876) driven by Giyasuddin Ali. They were carrying sleeping clothes worth about `7 lakh and the intention was to deliver them to a man identified as Anand Kr Saha of Malikona, Baghmara (South Garo Hills).
The investigation was conducted in the presence of the Military Intelligence Unit of Eastern Command.
The reason is because the powers and authority come from God.
He said that the report of the inquiry is that it is necessary to send security forces to provide security to the workers to complete the construction of the bridge before the rainy season. ) North Division and Assistant Engineer PWD (Roads) Shangpung Sub Division will visit and ensure that the work is completed on time.
The robbers used the same style to rob the petrol pump.
The Wahiajer Stadium near Jowai is another stadium under construction by the government and will be inaugurated in July
Murmu will be sworn in as the 15th President of India on the 25th of this month.
He said that if the fare is too high, it will affect the passengers, because instead of the fare being 50 tyngka per person, they have to increase it to 70 tyngka. ten tyngka per passenger.
The 1st Raid Nongtluh Eri Silk Village Umden-Diwon has been awarded the title of 1st Raid Nongtluh Eri Silk Village Umden-Diwon. information on the production of Jain Ryndia and that all the people in the state or from one state, will know that it is from this area that the Jain Ryndia was produced.
It is surprising that Mukul Sangma until these days is still standing up and cleaning up what he and his party have done to MeECL. However, he did not dare to stand forward and demand votes from the people during the elections.
He said that only with the old committee, as a leader he understands that the work will not reach anywhere and it is on that basis that as the leaders who have not been there, they have the view that if there are any groups who came to associate as former leaders were ready to welcome.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, today slammed the expulsion of a Khasi woman from the Delhi Golf Club on the 25th of this month, which he said was an act of racial discrimination.
According to the WHO, there were about 10 million suicides in
The Jowai Municipal Board has told the NGT that the approval of the construction project is in the hands of the Jaintia District Council and not in the hands of the State Government. This is wrong, because the city of Jowai, falls under the jurisdiction of the Urban Development Department, the State Government, except for the four districts of Jowai.
Ksan and Bhalang helped their father to the mountains while the soldier helped them at home with their mother.
Shillong: Lahatynrai will hold a meeting of the youth of the Seng Khasi Sein Raij on the 23rd November, 2018 at the Seng Khasi College, Jaiaw from 10:30 am.
"When we elect rulers in the wrong way, it will also produce legislators or rulers who are ten times worse," he said.
The next and final match in the fourth round will be played tomorrow between Mawlai SC and Malki SC at 4 pm.
The Principal of the school, Dilip Kumar, said that all the teachers of the school have completed training on the Hybrid Learning, Digital Literacy and Skill Hub Initiative and They are also known as Microsoft Educators. The full implementation of the technology at the school in East Jaintia Hills District is in accordance with the guidelines under the Pradhan Minister Kaushal Vikas Yojna. He said that the Star Public School has a vocational training program for other children in class IX to class XII as well as for those children who are studying in class IX to class XII. he dropped out of school halfway through.
He congratulated the MFA, Tata Trusts and AIFF for organizing the tournament and said that the government will provide its support to continue the tournament next year as promised. the head of the Tata Trust.
All knowledge without knowledge of man and knowledge of God does not bring peace.
We have come fourth in the country, according to the report of the Government of India,” said Bah George.
He said that according to the reports received through the office, so far more than 3500 cows have been infected with the disease across the state and 29 cows have died from the disease.
East Khasi Hills has 44 cases, West Garo Hills 6, East Jaintia Hills 3, Ri Bhoi 3, East Garo Hills 2 and North Garo Hills
In the second half, Rangjadon SC started to play strongly against Mawten SC but Mawten SC didn't manage to stop the players behind Mawten SC. Rangjadong SC failed to achieve its goal.
“Those promise makers are the greatest enemies of the state and the people because they have brought shame and discrimination to the people of Meghalaya and have really defamed the state,” said Bah Larsing.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr DRL Nong Lait, President of the Khasi Authors Society (KAS), who is also a Khasi teacher at NEHU, said that the MBOSE has decided to remove the Modern Indian subject. Language (MIL) Khasi in Class XII is very important for students.
Many of the prisoners are those who have committed serious crimes but because they are poor they have been imprisoned for many years.
This was stated by Skhembor Shadap President of Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA).
“At MUDA, only those who are recognized, friends or have money, get permission to build houses but if they follow the path, they will be punished,” he said. Surprisingly, some houses have already been built without permission but others are not allowed to build without permission.
“We will wait for the reply of the Chief Minister of our state, and we hope that the work will go smoothly, smoothly for the benefit of all, especially us the people of Bri U Hynniew Trep, Hynniew Skum, u “I don't know what to do with the border dispute in our state,” said the statement.
The Central Government should have annexed Meghalaya and abolished its full statehood.
The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District has organized a friendly match to spread the message on the dangers of drugs and illegal trafficking.
If the seizure of drugs from any person exceeds 250 grams, the penalty is imprisonment for 20 years.
Throughout the day, the HYC leaders found that there were about 4 foreigners working at the pump who did not have proper documents.
The race started from the ground floor of the Circuit House at Ïew Mawleiñ, Jakrem and ended at the starting point where hundreds of children and young men and women attended.
Shillong, November 08: The Opposition Leader and President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Dr Donkupar Roy, on Tuesday said that he has no intention of protesting against the government or the Lamphang because the time has not come.
Brentford and England striker Ivan Toney has been banned from all football for eight months and fined up to 50,000 pounds ($63,000).
Rangbah Hispreaching Son Shylla is a star to be remembered in the history of the state for his great deeds in preserving the Khasi culture.
Other dignitaries including the Minister of Labour, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Paul Lyngdoh and Sanbor Shullai did not attend the meeting.
The Taekwondo athletes from East Khasi Hills District once again won gold medals in all the Taekwondo events held at the Montfort Center in Tura.
Referring to Sibsagar College, he said that the college provides graduate and postgraduate education; which is under the auspices of Dibrugarh University.
This incident is not only happening today but from day to day, where the market vendors have been playing games because before the arrival of the Municipal authorities, the The market vendors have fled but before they reached the marketplace, the market has increased.
Nongpoh, July 02: A truck has overturned on the road in Ri Bhoi District after it was suddenly hit by a truck while passing on the road. National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi District.
From 2010 to 2014, the revenue collection varied from month to month.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Minister of State for Fire and Rescue, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, today confirmed that the government will not turn off the fire at all during the examination days of the students so as not to disrupt their paperwork.
Prestone said that the health department has been able to curb the spread of the disease in the state, but if the situation continues to deteriorate due to the increase in the number of Covid-19 cases in the state, The State Government will re-implement the lockdown in the State.
The Madhya Pradesh Economic Offenses Wing (EOW) recovered the money during a search of his residence.
Mexico is one of the most dangerous countries in the world and crime and violence rates are high compared to other countries.
A person from one village cannot buy land and move to another village even among his neighbours.
At the same time, the court said that the council and the Jowai Municipal Board should ensure that the garbage is collected and disposed of in the right places according to the rules of law.
They also informed the staff of the Sale Tax Jowai and after a while the Inspector of Sale Tax, Bah M.Phanbuh came out and confirmed that they did not have any documents.
Dipu Sangma tied 16 fours and two sixes and is Meghalaya's highest scorer in the Ranji Trophy.
He said that the SHM will not rest and will continue the protest until it is clear that the promises of Conrad K Sangma should be fulfilled within the time before he and his team go to contest the election. Election in the year
The duo went on to score 93 runs for the fourth wicket.
The number of cases has risen sharply in Maharashtra, with 150 new cases and Mumbai alone with 116 cases. there are 1,018 people.
He said that even the Chowkidar is the Muster Roll in charge of the farm which has 18 units while according to the scheme, 2000 pigs and 100 units should be produced.
On the allegation by the BJP against these schemes, the Prime Minister said that these schemes were started in October 2021 which is almost two years ago and if it was for the purpose during the elections, the government would have The scheme should be launched in the next few months.
Therefore, the union requests that vehicles and drivers who travel to this area should be vigilant and careful as the road is very bad due to the nightlife, as well as not to carry too much put.
Such an influx of foreigners will not happen in a state where foreigners can do whatever they want.
CUET is for those colleges affiliated to NEHU in the state.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi on Tuesday launched the 'Viksit Bharat @2047: Voice of Youth' through video conferencing.
To ensure that foreign and foreign students who come to study at this university should arrive 15 days before the examination for quarantine and to clean and disinfect the hostels and examination halls. before conducting the Examine.
Jowai, Naitung 29 : The Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament 2022 was held today at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The total number of confirmed cases is 586, East Khasi Hills 355, West Khasi Hills 5, South West Khasi Hills 2, Ribhoi District 38, West Jaintia Hills Jaintia Hills 7 cases, West Garo Hills 34, South West Garo Hills 14, South Garo Hills 7, East Garo Hills 11 and North Garo Hills 5 cases.
This will increase the literacy rate of the State in the coming years and will further leave the State behind.
Elchiang Ch Momin (1/13) and Kishan Lyngdoh (1/15).
“If it is fully implemented, the benefits will be to the people of the state and not from the households as it is now,” he said.
Through the renaming of the Ministry of Education of the Government of India, perhaps, it would be better, if other states, to take an example, in order to name the various government departments. , such as the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Home Affairs, or the Ministry of Defence, the Ministry of Defense, Housing, and the Ministry of Health. , which is not healthy.
Behold, I come as a thief. Revelation 16:1
The efforts of the District authorities of West Jaintia Hills District to work with the villages have been successful in Jowai where they have been able to implement the directives of the State Government and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to observe social distancing or avoid contact with the villages. bag good people.
Namdong B Village has received a water well under the Special Assistance Grant (SAG) scheme implemented by the JHADC for the year 2018-1
Sidharth Shukla, one of the television actors, has become the winner of Bigg Boss
The date of the final will be announced later, said Lamman-oo Laloo, Hon. General Secretary of the WJDSA.
The chief guest was the MLA of Jirang Constituency, Sosthenes Sohtun while the symbud was the District School Education Officer, Ri-Bhoi District, PL Nonglait, DSO, Bobby L. Other dignitaries, Headmasters or Principals of schools and office bearers of the Ri-Bhoi District Sports Association were also present.
There is no written record of the age of Mei-ieit Brep but her age is depicted through the ancient stories which she told about the incident and from her story it is estimated that her age of at least 110 years old.
He said that the police will also pay more attention to those who drive under the influence of alcohol which is against the provisions of the Motor Vehicles Act.
Many vehicles and offices have been burnt down by the anti-CAB protesters.
Bah Mitchel Wankhar MDC Laban Mawprem has inaugurated the statue of Jesus which has been built by the Dorbar Shnong Mawbah through the financial support of the MDC scheme. The ceremony was attended by the Rangbah Shnong Bah David Syiemlieh, Secretary Bah Ariston Thabah.
" and it is then that we will be able to eradicate and eradicate corruption in society, in the country and in the state and the country as a whole.
He is known and regarded as one of the greatest intellectuals of the Khasi Hills by all the Dkhars and French while the sad thing is that among us Khasi only about 20% of the people know and hear about him. nam you are a great man.
The Minister also encouraged all the participants including the members of the VWSC. The Commissioner & Secretary also attended the programme.
Minister of State and MLA of Khliehriat Ma Kyrmen Shylla was the chief guest, MFA President Hamletson Dohling and others along with office bearers and members of EJHDFA. - Shain Muksor of Thangskai Tiger SC – Ioanis Suchen of Sutnga SSCC and Obadaia Bareh of Rymbai Shkenshynriah SC. On November 14, 2013, police seized a large quantity of items worth more than T.50 lakh from the border areas of East Khasi Hills which were intended to be smuggled into Bangladesh.
Rupang spoke to a government official in charge of the project, who said that the amount has been filled exactly T.50 lakh.
At the same time, he said that the police department intends to provide driving training to the youths who have been trained by the National Cadet Corps (NCC) to assist in driving around the country. parts of the city of Shillong.
The Chairman of the Committee said that the joint inspection of the border dispute areas is only to bring peace of mind to the residents that the two governments are working together to resolve the issue. differences of opinion so that they can live in peace and harmony in those villages.
It is through the grace that is placed upon us by mercy and by the most powerful blessing of all.
Ampareen said that the misunderstanding of the NPP in Khasi Hill cannot be understood because even the UDP which has been with the NPP in the past five years has increased.
The Indian Air Force (IAF) has been engaged in humanitarian assistance and disaster relief (HADR) operations in response to early warnings to rescue the people of the North East in times of crisis.
He said there will be a State Election Commission to conduct the elections, a District Planning Committee in each district and a State Finance Commission.
He said that all his supporters who were outside the BJP have now joined him in the Congress party and these are from all over the constituency.
“Shibun hi kein,” agreed the woman who was still in her hands.
According to the residents, the lack of roads has also caused problems to the school children where most of the time when it rains, the children have to drop out of school because they cannot walk. from the streets that are full of snow.
Shillong: The body of an elderly man was recovered from Umpawai near Wahiajer-Nartiang road under Nartiang Police Station, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday. The body was taken to the Civil Hospital Ialong, Jowai for post mortem and after the necessary post mortem, the body was placed in the morgue at the Civil Hospital Ialong, Jowai.
In a statement, the General Secretary, Bah F Edward Khongshei, requested all the members of the Association to give their support and cooperation with the office bearers in any area.
“We have also demanded from the government to pay the same salary for the same work,” said Ma War.
College, Jowai today celebrated its 57th Foundation Day at a function held at the Auditorium of the College.
These five include two from one group and three from the other group.
These include EGH: 3, EJH: 11, EKH: 166, RBD: 20, SWGH: 2, SWKH: 17, WGH: 11, WJH: 7 and WKH:
The Waheh Shnong Namdong A, Ma Arki Sumer, has appealed to the residents of Dawan Lyngdoh to support Samla Dawan Lyngdoh as a man who has done many good deeds in the village and the community. be a person who shares in whatever difficulties we face.
The group also said that since the outbreak of Covid-19, the government has tried to implement a Divide And Rule Policy by allowing only those who have already been vaccinated. to go to churches and other public places while at election meetings and at mass gatherings to celebrate the opening day of the new district by the government has not affected at all although many of them In these days, many people have violated the rules laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and the government has not done anything.
Rangdajied United FC, although they have scored 3 goals, are still in the lead against Shillong Lajong FC. Rangdajied United FC won the tie breaker by beating Shillong Lajong FC 4-3 goals. Please donate a check of T.10/- thousand tyngka to Bah Treimiki Lamurong of Rangdajied United FC. Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Meghalaya Education Minister RA Sangma and others.
When government employees receive adequate salary every month, why don't they fulfill their duties properly? who are still growing.
Former Maharashtra Legislative Assembly Principal Anant Kalse said Ajit Pawar's party needed the support of 36 MLAs to escape the opposition.
Regarding the Hima Bhowal which is still in court, Teilinia said she has sought the opinion of the lawyers of the High Court, not the lawyers of KHADC, who have suggested that although the case is still pending in court, it shall have nothing to do with the hearing in the House.
According to Lanong, on the night of the 26th of this month at 12 midnight, he went out to pain khana behind the house and since then he has not returned home. On the 27th of this month, she lodged a complaint with the Laitumkhrah Police Station.
(iii) The four middle teeth (which are like the teeth of ksew in humans) should be removed within three days as the decay of these teeth can damage the tooth. mother, and they hurt their brothers or sisters during the game or during the fight.
Neymar also demanded that when he stays in hotels, restaurants and other entertainment venues, the owners of Al Hilal should pay for them.
There is something behind the fear that when the Assembly Session is held, the people can watch LIVE to see who is speaking, not like the speech in the four corners of the Secretariat.
“Through the ability of HANM to launch this ambulance, it will help a lot of people in need in this urgent time,” said Bah Renik.
He said that they do not recognize the KSU Mawlai Circle as independent as admitted by the former president Bah Kharlyngdoh.
Congress leaders including AICC President Sonia Gandhi have sent their condolences to the family of Bah Friday.
“There are many challenges in terms of health but we have laid a solid foundation to fight against all the challenges and the government will play an important role in health along with the cooperation with the relevant department.
In the eight years before 2020-21, the Government of India has provided financial assistance of more than T 18,000 crore to address the major challenges in the sugar industry and to enable the release of payments by the sugar mills to farmers at the right time.
He said they welcome the appointment of an independent commission of inquiry into the incident to find out the facts.
In Assam, it started from 19.3.2020 and Meghalaya followed for 24 hours, from midnight on 20.3.2020 and continued continuously, until the government decided to The school will be closed from 15.04.2020 until the end of the month, especially after the death of Dr.John.
However, until shortly before the emergence of the two villages of Seinduli, signs of the presence of Bir were still found.
With this victory, Nangkiew Irat Sports Club has scored three points in the first leg.
Fourthly, MeECL has received billions of rupees since the beginning.
Rueben Lyngdoh, Vice President of SSSS Umsning Proper – and Bah Ritstar Khonghat, Rangbah Shnong, expressed their deep sorrow over this incident which the Shnong did not think of and strongly condemned those who robbed. who were involved in this illegal activity, which they strongly suspected was committed by enemies and robbers.
We cannot forget the tourists who came from all over the world and from the country as well who joined us and witnessed with their own eyes the Behdieñkhlam
No one can be forced to use or not to use these buses which have been reserved and they have the means to prevent any accidents.
There has been a 39% increase in high school openings since 2014.
Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma said the Government will be able to bring back all the Meghalaya students studying in various institutions of Manipur within 47 and 72 hours.
There is no doubt that the BJP under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi will win more than 400 seats this time, so if we can give two seats from Meghalaya it will help the state to win more. “We have received more assistance and schemes from the central government,” said Bah Shullai.
“We have decided to cancel the revenue reduction, which has affected the revenue of the state,” James PK Sangma told reporters today.
The author said, “This book was written by the voice of God who spoke to my soul to write this book and without the call of God it cannot be written and it cannot be written. complete this court.
Speaking on the upcoming election 2023 in the state, as it has become clear in Ri Bhoi, there may be many changes and it is not yet clear which party is stronger, because the people as it is until now. Nobody reveals who they support and sometimes it is surprising that when a party holds a meeting, most of the same faces appear at any party meeting except those leaders who appear. you party.
He said that the inability to rescue the 15 people who have been trapped inside the crematorium is due to the lack of authority of the government. until after many sources of support for the government's decision.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that so far, more than 13,000 foreign workers have left for other states.
This is the second case filed by the CBI team in connection with the incident but the first in which Tejashwi Yadav has been named as an accused.
The Pusa Bio-decomposer, developed by the Indian Agricultural Research Institute (IARI) in Delhi, is a microbial solution that can convert rice seedlings into fertilizer in 15-20 days.
This is according to the Meteorological Department, which was counted from 8.30 am to 8.30 pm yesterday.
Police said that Rehman has close ties with the gangs and on his initiative they arrested the five.
“So far, we have about 4,000 SHGs in the state and the government will provide assistance to them so that they can improve in their work,” he said.
In another incident, a new pick up truck was set on fire by robbers on Saturday morning at 3 pm.
It set a target to promote sports activities in the state, to provide adequate sports equipment to the villages, training, and food for the athletes and others.
He said that as a leader, he will continue to raise issues related to the people especially regarding the attempt to relocate the people living in Them Iewmawlong to another place.
This is the second time that the owners and drivers of the road have come out to repair the damaged parts of the road.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today inspected the construction of the State Zoo at Umtrew, Ri-Bhoi District.
Paul said that in the past years, the MDCs have not been able to perform according to the duties entrusted to them by the people and this has shaken the confidence of the people. “I don't want to have a new EC to work with the state government because there is a lot of conflict between the District Council and the government. The state and the District Council have their own powers,” he said. Paul.
“It is a day of pride for our state, because it is the first time that the swearing-in ceremony of the Chief Minister together with the Cabinet has been witnessed by the Chief Minister. country, the Minister of Home Affairs.
As part of the programme, the Chief Guest and other government officials also launched a Coffee Table Book on Meghalaya Silk entitled “Woven Narratives”. Textile Map of Meghalaya.
R Daosakhiat Syngkon (39) scored the first goal of the match.
Shillong: The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr. LR Bishnoi has admitted that the attack on the venue of the meeting of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma in Tura today was an attempt to take over the country. the life of the Prime Minister.
She said that the celebration of this Children's Month is because many children have been severely abused.
The book was launched by Pa 'iem Phylla Singh Syiem of Nongstoin Hima at the Sib Singh Memorial Guest House Upper New Nongstoin.
They are the ones who have reaped most of the fruits of the recession.
If the DC and these departments do not believe in this, the union will take the necessary action.
He said that the Soil & Water Conservation Office is now one of the offices that has been free from the use of plastic bags and this has set an example for others.
All the women and men who attended the meeting unanimously decided to stand on this ground and demand that the government should return Block-1 to Meghalaya.
He said the Congress has 15 MDCs, UDP-4, Independent-1, NCP-two MDCs, Sanbor Shullai, Teilinia Thangkhiew, Latiplang Kharkongor who has joined KHNAM. There are 23 cases in total.
He said that with the establishment of the Advisory Board, the State Government now has the power to fully implement the fight against drugs.
The two-day meeting will be a platform for the farmers to discuss many issues, to take steps to improve agriculture by following traditional farming methods, to tell about success stories of farmers with the aim of encouraging farmers to work and produce more agricultural products.
Therefore, there is a great danger of changing the system of jait from the mother's clan to the father's clan and of changing the kur kheiñ kha.
The top 18 countries in terms of food security are China, Brazil and Kuwait, with a difference of only 5 points in the GHI. writes the website of the Global Hunger Index, which was released today.
This oxygen, when we breathe in, burns the waste products of the blood in our lungs, and when we breathe out, carbon dioxide comes out of our body.
It is also the second time that the Indian men's hockey team has once again beaten world champions Germany.
Shillong, Naitung 19 : The issue of relocation of the residents of Iew Themmawlong to Mawbah, Mawprem has sparked a heated argument between the MDC of Jaiaw Mawprem, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and the leaders of the MLA of Shillong West. , Bah Mohendro Rapsang.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) and the Hynniewtrep People Federation (HYC) have supported the protest of the Dorbar Shnong of Ri Bhoi District.
If we encounter a rock and we go to pray, we should remember that he/she is willing to help.
In connection with this, the Lyngdoh Sangriang is one of the descendants of the Khmah Lmawphlang which has reached the Nongsangriang.
Police have come to take the body and the investigation is ongoing.
At the same time, he said that although there are many who criticize the VPP, the party from MLAs and leaders do not hesitate to take to the streets to fight for the cause of VPP. you nation.
• The word of faith is giving and a spirit of fellowship, not the growth of wealth and personal glory.
According to a complaint received from the employees of the company, it was said that the daily salary cut for the employees of the company, is due to the fact that these employees did not come to work on the day called. NESO has imposed a curfew on 8th July
The saying of the wise says that pride goes before destruction.
The handover ceremony was attended by Bah Ban Kharnaior, President of RBYWO, Bah Elvis Kyrsian, Vice-President, Bah Keny Nongrum General Secretary and others. .
In a meeting with the BSF, the leader of the BSF, Samla Treibor R Suchen, said that the BSF personnel in the area and the Commandant of BSF Dawki should not disturb the movement of the residents of the area. The tourist destination attracts tourists from all over the world.
Therefore, he said that through this day, it will be a day of remembrance for him and also for the government employees, MLAs, MDCs and also for the pastors. opportunities to socialize in different business models.
The meeting was attended by the Inspector General of Meghalaya, Mizoram and Cachar and DIsGs of all sectors.
This means that the Central Government will respect only those states which still respect themselves and those who still want to protect themselves from the infiltration of foreigners . It will not forgive the implementation of the CAB in those states.
“I have canceled all my meetings, I have canceled all the meetings to be held and I have gone to Gurugram.
Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) Chairman Gurjit Singh said the Harijan Committee will soon express its position after receiving the opinions of the lawyer on the blueprint sent by the government. to remove them from the Mawlong Market.
But when you search, you will not find.
Dr. TS Nongkhlaw, DHS (MI) said that the training center was established in 1968 and so far it has trained 550 nurses who have worked across the state. .
When asked whether the government will appoint permanently those teachers who have taught for 7-8 years, Prof Laloo said the teachers should meet the requirements set by the National Council for Teacher Education.
What is more shocking is that the government has not responded to the complaint of MUDA even after the expiry of the union's term of office. day, as scheduled, he said.
The HYC's request to the DEO comes before the state goes to the MDC and MP elections to be held in
According to the Director of the National Health Mission, Ram Kumar, there are now 6758 VHCs in almost all the 7000 villages.
The GDP per capita of Goa is $6,227, ahead of Sikkim, Delhi and Chandigrah which rank second, fourth and fourth respectively.
The competition was conducted through online audition and the videos will be uploaded in the second round on the youtube channel Ri Lum Jaintia Superstar Season
Teams that are eligible to participate must have paid for their renewal of affiliation for
This decision was taken at a meeting held on Friday with the village leaders and KSU Narpuh.
“The Seng wants to walk in the right path with the rules of law but if the authorities are blind, the Seng will have to take the law into its own hands for the benefit of the people,” he said. you understand.
This is to get rid of adhoc appointment in government departments as adhoc appointment is like allowing a person or officer to appoint himself in a slow manner.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, he said that football and sports in this age is no longer just a job, but a way to get jobs and earn a living for the youth. suddenly.
The newly elected members of the district are Reynold Passah from Jowai, Nebarwell Kharbihthai from Nartiang, Chanbor Sungoh from Raliang and Shaphrang Lyngdoh from Mowkaiaw. elected as President of BJYM (Youth Wing).
Three Indians have been arrested by the Counter Intelligence Unit of Delhi Police for involvement in drug trafficking from Pakistan.
Nongpoh: Dr. DD Lapang, Speaker of the State Government, today addressing the people of Mawryngkang Village, has praised Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, who has passed away after retirement. of Dr. DD Lapang to contest the 2018 elections.
(5) Announcement:- After Abraham heard the word from heaven to kill Isaac and took the ram to sacrifice on the altar, he proclaimed the place “Jehovah-Jireh " or what the Lord will give you.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Women's Wing (HANM) today sent a petition to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Minister of Transport, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar to demand the immediate release of the women. The salaries of the employees of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) have been suspended for six months.
“I am very proud of your work and I understand that you are sad when the jar is empty,” said the Wayanad MP, writing on Facebook.
Mawkordor Kharsyiemlieh President of the WYF said that the three organizations strongly condemn the behavior of the company Tantia Limited and some of the employees together with the manager Nick. Harnett, Bah Be, who tried to forcefully reconcile Lukas Shangpliang to avoid being involved in the three political parties who accepted the complaint of Lukas Shangpliang.
The Sein Kyntu Sein Raij 12 Daloi wishes you a Happy Behdeiñkhlam to all the children of the Seinraij Muthlong who live in different villages in the State.
There were also many questions as to how much the Sports Ministry recognizes the athletes of the state.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District today issued an order to explain the rules and regulations for the opening of shops in Khyndai Lad, Keating Road, GS Road, Jail Road, Cantonment and Cantonment. Chapter.
Start-up Grand Challenge Award – DDWS has launched the Start-up Grand Challenge to identify technologies that can provide supportable, affordable and scalable solutions in relation to problems in wastewater treatment in rural areas.
In this regard, these 4th Semester students have launched a signature campaign to express their opposition to this order of the College and informed that up to 400 students have given their support.
There are 78 cases of covid 19 in the tests of doctors yesterday and they will be tested again on Tuesday to confirm whether they have been tested positive for covid 19 positive. don't have this disease.
Shillong, Lber 07: The National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday said that the party has decided to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya and to monitor the resolution of the border dispute with Assam within this five year period.
He opened the Golden Gate.
He praised the wisdom of the ancients in conducting such a custom before the beginning of agriculture, planting and burying in the fields, lyngkha and also invited and invited the children of Sabah village. Let us also be people who have a spirit of love and unity among our fellow citizens.
The NHRC has also directed the department to take implementation measures based on the complaint.
The counting of votes was held at 24 centers in 24 districts in the North Eastern state of Arunachal Pradesh and the BJP has won more votes in 31 constituencies including Along (East), Along (West), Anini, Basar, Changlang (North), Changlang (South), Dambuk, Kalaktang, Koloriang, Lekang, Likabali (ST), Lumla, Nacho, Namsai, Nari Koyu (ST) , Palin, and Pongchau-Wakka.
The group also visited Shnong-pdeng and spent time near the clean Umngot River.
The four-day festival was organized by the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) and the North Eastern Council (NEC).
In the first match, Saiñhikiru Pale beat Mookaswan Dongñein 1-0 in the 8th minute.
Nongpoh: Despite the curfew in the country due to the spread of COVID-19, farmers in the agricultural district of Ri-Bhoi Meghalaya are happy to resume their work. They cultivate their fields in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India.
“We feel that it is a good policy for the state and the country and the youth will benefit but we must be clear how to proceed and in this regard, any committee of the university will sit with them. college to prepare but the implementation is difficult now and we don't want to implement it now, we want to implement it in the 2024-25 academic year,” said Dr. Manih.
On the 18th July 2020, 93 people were tested positive in Anjalee and 6 of them were positive and 144 people were tested negative.
Shillong: An ambulance belonging to the HITO has been towed to the Sadar Police Station from the parking lot opposite the SBI Main Branch, after a clash between the members of the HITO and the SBI Main Branch. Police in front of DC office Shillong.
“Those who enter the country to get jobs should also be banned and even those who have been here should not get the right to own,” said Dr Mitra.
To sit for their selection and matric examinations, they have to leave their village to write to Ummulong which is 40-50 km away from their village. At the same time, due to poverty, they cannot complete their studies just because of the distance.
Hilar Thabah scored 15 runs from 25 balls, while Greatestful Lyngkhoi scored 47 runs from 39 balls (with 2 wickets). He won the Player of the Match award.
The remaining groups that continue to commit violence will soon be destroyed," Singh told reporters in Jammu.
Ma RL Bimee Suwer in his speech said that the aim of the Dorbar Shnong is to improve the sports skills of the children of the village and to bring about good in the community.
Therefore, the anger that affects the head or mind of man is very strong and it is at that time that man does not understand that he has given place to Satan to destroy him. Blei – Be angry, but don't give the devil a place.
MAWKYRWAT: The Returning Officer of the 36th Mawkyrwat (ST) Assembly Constituency, Mawkyrwat, on Tuesday announced that due to the upcoming elections for the election of the Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly (ST) Nomination papers for the 36th Mawkyrwat (ST) Constituency should be submitted to Bah M. Diengdoh, MCS or to Bah I. Lawrynniang (MCS), Assistant Returning Officer, 36-Mawkyrwat (ST) Constituency. Assembly Constituency in Room No.6 located at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat between 11am and 3PM on any day (except holidays) not later than the 7th June, 2023.
Sangma said the importance of this decision is because it recognizes the ownership of the minorities.
This leads to a waste of time instead of spending time reading, as well as affecting their minds because they have spent a lot of time on mobile phones.
The next day he had to take a taxi again before going to work; but in his soul he opened his eyes to see the Riia.
Ronglieh is holy and righteous.
the first family in the Bible is found in it (Gen.2:24-25).
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sohiong Circle today inspected the water supply system at Wahnongkseh village, near Sohiong, East Khasi Hills. District, not implemented by the Department of Water Resources (Irrigation).
The Mohan Massar School was established in 1955, said the Minister of Education.
This evening, there was a stone throwing and a petrol bomb explosion at a house.
Any resident who has reached the age of 18 years may register or refuse to be included in the electoral roll in Form-6
Police said that the wife of Bah Phrangsngi, Spailinda Nongbak, was carrying her child when she fell into the fire at the house. The victim was rushed to Shillong Civil Hospital for treatment.
Besides this treatment programme, the BSF also held a Weapon Exhibition for the students of Ramakrishna Mission School in Bholaganj. to learn about these weapons and what was explained by the members of this army.
Dangri Phawa scored the first goal (80+).
Shillong, June 01 : The National People's Party (NPP) MLA from Kharkutta, Rupert Momin, on Tuesday said that the party's victory in the Garo MLA elections was due to the good performance of the party. The Government of Meghalaya Democratic Alliance – 1 in the past three years.
Jessica Marak (1/14) and Chigame Marak (1/18) took 10 wickets each.
Welborn is the sister of Mimi Lamare, the mother of former MLA and Damanbait Lamare (MLA Umroi AC).
At that time, due to the urgent need, and because of the need to implement the Lokayukta Act, which was implemented in Meghalaya and at that time there were no officers of high rank, who could take over these positions. The Government has issued a new list of names before submitting it to the Lokayukta to correct the errors. beginning of the nomination of members to the Lokayukta.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sunshine Makri, son of Ma Nehlang Lyngdoh and one of the candidates for the 2023 elections from Umsning Constituency, today inaugurated the The office of the Umsning Constituency People's Forum (UCPF) will be fully operational from tomorrow.
He said that the opening speech of the Governor is only in the Mangtyngka Session and not in the Special Session whether at the beginning or end of the year. provisions of the Constitution of India.
Shillong: The Election Committee of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) for the term 2020-23 has announced that the election for the new office bearers of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) for the term The meeting will be held on the 22nd June, 2020 from 9 am to 3 pm at the Community Hall of Jaïaw Shyiap & Lumpyllon.
The concert will be attended by 4 bands from 3 districts of Meghalaya. These bands include Saldorik S. Dio & The Abikhas (Tura), Adroit (Shillong) , The Lynx (Jowai) & False Alarm (War Jaintia).
Ricky, who is also the President of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Council (HANC), said that during the meeting, the leaders of the group he led made it clear to the KHADC that the foundation of the KHADC is clear. They requested him to issue NOC for the road for the land of the area.
They are surprised that in the same place, there is another license which is still valid until 09/10/2019 in the name of Smt.
“I urge the citizens of the State to ask whether it was a murder and therefore an independent inquiry should be conducted to get a clear answer,” he said.
Referring to the demand of ACHIK to implement the Roster System from behind, the Minister said it is difficult to go back on what has already been discussed because the decision was taken in the meeting. together with all stakeholders including ACHIK from Garo Hills and after the meeting, it was decided to issue a new Office Memorandum (OM).
The recent news of the arrest of Bah Emlang Laloo from West Jaintia Hills has caused a stir among many churches.
Shillong: After a month of strike by teachers, Babu Birbor Riangtem, President of the Meghalaya Government Lower Primary School Teachers Association, has been summoned to appear before the teachers' Association. On 12th March 2022, at the office of the DSP, who urgently summoned the President to appear at the Police Reserve East Khasi Hills District, on a complaint for inquiry, in which a complaint was lodged against two policemen, who They shot tear gas at the teachers who were standing at the Secretariat, without thinking even many women and children who are the children of the teachers who joined the protest on the 6th of this month.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The number of active cases of Covid-19 in the state has risen to
The Father who was in the sky called out to him.
Later one of my teachers had to go to RBP Secondary School Nongpoh to study B.Ed, so I had to help her for ten years.
The meeting was attended by the Sordar of Raid Shabong (Pynursla) and fish farm owners' associations.
This morning, many Congress leaders from Madhya Pradesh met at the AICC headquarters to discuss the preparations of their state for the holding of the National Assembly. Assembly elections.
“We want the government to give sufficient powers to the chief executives before passing this Bill,” said Bah RA Lyngdoh.
“The body of the woman is estimated to have been covered by about 20 meters,” said the family members.
The Shillong Times reported that the child died on the 9th of this month at 6.25 pm.
At the time of writing, the cause of the incident has not been determined and it is learned that three persons were injured in the incident and were taken to Civil Hospital Nongstoin for treatment. get the perfect treatment.
The deadline for receipt of applications is on or before 15th September 2013, said Minimon Laloo, General Secretary, AIPC Meghalaya Chapter.
I don't blame other churches, For we all serve God; We all teach what is good, We all teach the truth.
Direct benefit transfer has been implemented, ie the transfer of money that ensures that money goes directly into the accounts of beneficiaries, removing gaps and improving efficiency.
However, the Central Government has ignored these issues because it doesn't care about Meghalaya because it is a small state with only 2 MPs in the Lok Sabha and only one. even to the National Assembly.
This does not bring about the positive picture that the government wants to invite for talks and later it brings about a loss of hope and confidence.
Tuber Shohshrieh and Moosiang Lamare New have entered the second round of the Third Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) on Friday at the Artificial Turf Ground in Diengshynrum.
He said the meeting today has set up five Working Groups headed by Deputy Chairmen and Co-Chairmen to liaise with government departments on any issue.
Caffinia is in Class-X and Maïanylla is in Class-IV. Caffinia is a singer of the Kids Tarari Choir from Nongstoin.
The District Council has set a priority to bring about cleanliness not only in the villages, but also in the surrounding environment and rivers.
The Cabinet also prepared the OM for 2020 regarding the reservation roster for Persons with Disabilities (PWDs). will be based on the points entered on the reservation roster.
On the same day, many members of HANM led by Bah Pateng Marsing, President of Ri Bhoi District, together with members of MPSO, visited the village. talks with the people of these villages and also to condemn the Assam government, for these illegal acts committed by those who came to occupy the land, despite the border settlement talks between the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam.
Speaking to media during a visit to the Mylliem Hima office, Bery said that the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given a lot of thought to the problems and issues of the people.
Shillong, November 12 : Officials of the Election Commission of India (ECI) will arrive in Shillong this month to review the preparations of the Election Department of the state for the 2023 MLA elections.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Shibun said that if it is to be truly controversial, the media should be regulated as the middlemen and not run by anyone else.
Referring to the incidents in the border areas since 50 years ago, Conrad Sangma said the reason for the border talks is to ensure that such incidents do not happen again.
Jowai, Lber 15: Thirty youths from all over the villages in Jaintia Hills and other villages today completed a 45 day training to become Security Guards for a long time. The training was conducted at the Sub-Center Tornado Security Agency in Iooksi Umdeinlin.
The most hot topic of discussion at the meeting was the unemployment of the youth, corruption and others.
They robbed the lyngkha of the people.
Even today, when false news appears, when we investigate, it is the women who spread it.
In the meeting with the Governor, Bah Sanbor Shullai, said that the tax, in these days, has reached 2.5% of the value of the land. He will discuss with the Ministry of Defense of the Government of India to increase the land price to 0.25 percent for the tenants.
The implementation of Hindi in Tamil Nadu will be like a stone in a fish bowl,” said Stalin, adding that his MPs would discuss the issue in Parliament.
Dr Mawthoh said that as the people want, all the ethnic parties should come together in the same position to strengthen the power of the ethnic parties because if they are divided it will divide them and the benefits and benefits will be. foreign organizations.
When you look at it, those who come to visit the Lat's house are less than 10,0
Conrad said the government is also examining how to strengthen the Meghalaya Residents Safety Security Act 2016 (MRSSA) to curb illegal immigrants but also to ensure that it does not harass those who enter. with real meaning and action.
Former Minister of State, Bah Aubrey H.Scott Lyngdoh passed away on the evening of 7th October, 2023 at his residence in Pohkseh at the age of behind a wife and four children.
They have already filed their nomination papers before the Secretary of the Legislative Department of the Council and the election of these two candidates will be held on Friday.
There Israel will stand alone and there God will force them to know what Israel is? Because God says – “He that toucheth you (Israel), toucheth my eyeball” Zechariah 2:8
“This policy is a guideline on how to start electricity generation projects,” he said.
However, after the announcement of the SOP by the Government regarding the people who visit places of worship to do during the time of worship, we see clearly that the State Government has let them open the high places with the laws of slavery, as Pharaoh delivered the children of Israel out of the hand of slavery.
According to the National Center for Seismology, the earthquake struck at 8:19 pm and the epicenter was in Bangladesh.
The Director General of Police, PJP Haneman, told reporters that Witson was arrested because he was a GNLA employee involved in the bomb blast. After his arrest, he was taken to a doctor for a medical examination and then taken to police custody.
He has been invited by Welsh musician Gareth Bonello to perform with him at the Rajasthan International Folk Festival (RIFF) in Jodhpur (2022).
In the letter, MKCH expressed its dissatisfaction with their demand to change the polling date.
This photo was taken on Saturday evening, 22nd November 2023, from Pyrnai village, which is located on the other side of the 12 village area, under Pynursla.
This fruit can also grow well in many types of soils; but it groweth well in soil that is neither shyiap nor dry.
Just as the cleansing of this water was used in the Tabernacles, so by the blood of Christ we have been redeemed and clothed with a spiritual priesthood (1 Pet 2:9). (Isa 53:8) We become cleansed from sin. This is how David associates Jesus Christ with the disease. .
Shillong, July 16: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Elections, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, today said that the state government has fought against the decision of the High Court of Meghalaya that Bangladeshis who entered the country before On October 24, 1971, he was born in India.
“Say no to drugs” was the theme of the program and a speech was delivered by Bah Arborlang Thangkhiew from Meghalaya Aids and Control Society.
After the outbreak of Covid-19 in two years, up to 40,175 manufacturing plants have closed down and Prime Minister Narendra Modi has not done anything to save them, said Jairam Ramesh.
He said that if you look at the jaidbynriew, you will see that the jaidbynriew has been destroyed not by the sword but by the new way of thinking which does not have the spirit of identity for the jaidbynriew.
Through the suggestion of P Sampath Kumar, IAS, Ex-Commissioner & Secretary, Agriculture, the 1917-Integrated Technology Enabled Agri-Management System (1917iTEAMS) is a new implementation system especially for farmers in relation to the market. cloud based facilitation service for all farmers in Meghalaya.
It is better to search for yourself, mother, you will always find it because you know people,” said the son. “How much do you earn in a day?” asked the son.
In the first half, Nangbah Dukhu took the lead from the start of the match through Ewanmi Pasi's 17th goal.
A total of 5,669 rounds of ammunition and thousands of rounds of ammunition have been looted by many groups, public and private persons after the violence in Manipur in So far, 1,344 rounds of ammunition have been recovered and thousands of rounds of ammunition have been recovered till the month of November, the police chief said on Tuesday.
There will be a strong protest in the State if the Government takes a wrong decision,” said Bah Wellbirth Rani, President of FKJGP.
Even after meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah, the KSU Laban Circle said that the KSU Laban Circle will continue to build houses on the Government land because other foreigners. they continue to attend even if the DC explains that the matter is pending in Court.
COMELY LYNGDOH (IND) – 23465.
“Do you work on a survey?” I asked.
