Shillong, Naitung 19: The MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday suggested to the MPSC to implement the roster regarding the posts of Meghalaya Civil Service. (MCS) recently reported.
Besides, a temporary polling station has been set up at the Leoprosy Center Nongpoh Constituency so that those patients can take part in the polling.
He said that during these two days they will not accept any patients or those who come to take medicine at the hospital.
A 60-year-old sister in West Bengal has been raped by robbers in the state which has shocked the country and especially the state of West Bengal. riew foreigners.
However, the Dorbar Shnong Lapangap has decided to continue the construction of the road for the safety of motor vehicles and the public on Tuesday after the Siatsama Police Outpost said that come to join and support their road work.
Besides the 12 villages, there are also villages in the Wahrew area like Wahkhen and others, said the Sordar of Warbah, Bah Budlang Mawpat. to the news agency in Shillong.
In the complaint, Pakyntein said that according to the RTI reply he received from the Shillong Municipal Board, the figure that Paul has shown that he has given to the constituency is incorrect. that was also attested by the shopkeepers who indicated that the items had been taken from their shops.
Sohshang said that the non-implementation of the scheme in the villages of Mawthadraishan Block started a few months before the state government opened the Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
Despite the slowdown in trade around the world, India's exports of electrical goods, which increased by 26%, are the most prominent.
However, some areas across the country remain in a state of shock because development works have not reached them properly.
It is understood that the authorities in charge of the hostel have written to the EC to revise its working methods to clean up the matter.
Dr.Sylvanus Lamare,Principal,St.Edmund’s College,Shillong.
AIS SUJAU Aadhaar comes from the line of “increase in knowledge”.
Ardent said the VPP demands that the Government should stop the appointment of Chairman and Consultant.
Regarding the complaint of the drivers due to the excessive length of the speed braker at Jeidohkroh, where traffic accidents frequently occur, u Bah Umdor said that if the speed braker is not built, breaker also causes accidents.
He also spoke at the meeting about the ongoing construction of the Rongram-Dadenngre and Phulbari roads, which have been neglected for years, but it was James Sangma who brought about the new construction of the road. more than T.80 crore.
If your idea is better than his, never compare yourself to him.
Almost everything can be turned into a commercial activity.
He said that the party will not stand idly by but will continue to conduct raids to eradicate the illegal sale of kyiad in the Motphran area.
In 1974, he gave birth to 90 children and in 1975, he gave birth to 92 children and in 2017, he gave birth to 38 children. In 2018, it gave birth to 39 children and these are the counted, who are only in Umniuh Tmar, excluding those outside the village.
Sanwotki Laloo Village Headman of Wahiajer.
On that day, Ferdinand came alone because the one who came with him did not come because of the death of his mother.
Skhemlang, on the other hand, won the title after he completed the 800M race faster than Skhemlang. He finished in 1:54.7 sec, which was enough for him to score 897 points, while the Glorify Kurbah won the title after winning the title. She finished the 800m race in 2:21.5 sec and scored 809 points.
After this, there was a march to introduce themselves by the youths from all the districts of the state who came to take part in this tournament. Wangala dance, Mastieh dance, plate dance.
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong strongly warns against any person who commits crimes within the boundary of the village and if found guilty, the Dorbar Shnong will take strong action against them. not like that kind of person.
The traffic department has suspended No-Entry at Kynruhsohphlang, Moosalyngkat from today until the road is repaired.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its regret over the rape of NEHUSU leaders by the authorities of NEHU Tura Campus on the 7th and 8th June 2019 in Tura.
He also urged the SRKBH to find out about the first village in the Khasi Hills and according to his reading from the book written by Prof Marko Mekri it is written that it is Lawlongthloh. Within the Mawbuh raid there was the first village in the Hynniewtrep Hills, Nongthloh, which is now called Lawnongthroh.
He also requested the MLA to take action to look into the problem of this center in Ladthadlaboh as it is crowded and only a residential house so that it can provide adequate services to the people under the jurisdiction of this centre. center to more than 11 thousand residents.
The son of Bah Phrising, Eslingroy Thongnibah, informed the police that on the 28th of this month, at 9 pm, his father had gone to bury the body.
The opening ceremony witnessed the construction of the stadium from the stone quarry, drains and signage at a cost of Rs 24.37 lakh allocated under the State Sports Council scheme of the state government.
Many varieties of jhur seeds and medicines for the disease have been distributed to many farmers in the area, and the message to dispose of chemicals and follow the traditional practices of nature for the purpose of a strong state and a strong country.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Harol F Khongsit, who is also the advisor of the Seng Kmie.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The President of the BJP Mahila Morcha, Vijaya Rahatkar, on Tuesday said that she is very happy to arrive in Shillong. BJP Meghalaya Female President Pelcy Snaitang said that she wants to come back to Shillong to stay for two or three nights.
“At NEHU, it feels like we are living in the era of Tilak who banned students and even if they order that if they don't follow the rules laid down by NEHU, they can be expelled from the hostel and I don't have a spirit.
Many of the women and even the parents and the youths were shocked to see that Bah Ardent continues to strike for this issue.
Dashngain Sukhalin (1',15') scored two goals each, while Burom Salahe (58') and Dreamson Suchiang (72') scored two goals each.
Besides, most of the buyers from these markets are Khasi including residents of the area and non-residents.
Therefore, he will not hesitate to take a decision to resign from the post and if these things do not agree he will not hesitate to leave the party congress and join other parties as some congress MLAs have said that they will have to ask. He demanded that the leaders of other constituencies especially Ri Bhoi should elect another leader.
The HSPDP MLA, who is only 26 years old, is the youngest of the 12 MLAs. Ministers of the new government.
One of the journalists, Anirbanjyoti Gupta, strongly condemned the incident, saying that his son was assaulted by these robbers.
Despite the opposition of these kharmetor, the Municipal officials have continued to mark the houses by walking from one place to another under the guard of the police.
West Jaintia Hills has 71 new cases, 644 active cases and one death.
After completing the search and completing all the requirements according to the law, the police returned to Khanapara Police Station and arrived at 1 pm. 26th, but at 4 pm, the police who were waiting at the detention center, found that he had committed suicide, in which he had committed suicide by throwing away his clothes to make ksai and u as Phasi himself.
In Mawlyngbna, the Dorbar Shnong has adopted the word FOSSIL, which in Khasi is called SHRUH LA MAW. FUEL is the FRAMEWORK. FRAMEWORK means SHRUH, which is something that is cut around it.
Adelbert Nongrum, former MLA of North Shillong Constituency, said, “Because this is my fourth election including as an MDC and MLA, I believe the people understand that the contest is not not only with the parties but for the present and future generations.
“On the other hand, speaking to the media, the MDC expressed his anger after seeing the opening of the stadium by the Assam Government and alleged that all this is the responsibility of the State Government. The Assam government has been very slow.
The sight of the shopkeeper was like a fish.
The T.6,194.40 crore includes T.1,209.60 crore as the Central Government's share of the State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF) for the four states including Chhattisgarh, Meghalaya, Telangana, Uttar Pradesh for the year 2022-2
He said that through the cooperation of these two District Councils, the documents will be strengthened to establish the border of the state.
Jowai: A 46-year-old man from Takhniang village in West Jaintia Hills district has been found dead by Moris Lamin. Nongjngi, Head.
The demand came at a Special Executive meeting of 27 NEIPF leaders who met to discuss the situation in Manipur.
Worldwide, there are 5.5 million cases of the virus, according to Johns Hopkins University, and 3,46,232 deaths.
Dr. Lana Lyngdoh, Nodal Officer of STCC, stressed on the need for campaigns and said, “This campaign is one of the strongest ways to show that we reject these destructions. to society, and that we want to live a good and happy life.
It is worth mentioning that at this meeting it was strongly announced that all the Daju should wear the royal uniform from today and if any of them do not wear it;  The Syiem's ​​Police together with the District Council Police shall arrest them and shall not be allowed to enter the market.
Alethea CL Nongpiur of Loreto Convent School, Laitumkhrah won the best athlete category in the U14 Girls category. Chitra Malik of St. Mary's Higher Sec School, Laitumkhrah won the title of Best Athlete in the U14 Boys category. Laitumkhrah won the U16 Boys category, Anrisha Klein of OM Roy Memorial Higher Sec School, Mawlai Kynton won the U18 Girls category and Renaldi Dhar of the U18 Girls category. H. Elias Higher Sec School, Nongthymmai won the title of Best Athlete in the U18 Boys category.
FIFA rules also state that if a country is suspended, any tournament held in the country will not receive recognition from the higher authorities, whether from the Asian Football Confederation or the Asian Football Confederation. FIFA too.
The Government of Meghalaya through the Education Department has followed and implemented all the rules and regulations of the Meghalaya Education Code
Electricity Minister Abu Taher Mondal on 22nd June confirmed the payment of compensation to the relatives of a security guard who died after being electrocuted inside the sub station of Umiam Dam. Stage-1.
She said that the total amount of money that Rev. D. Leslie Jones has left behind for the Dr. Normal Tunnel Hospital, Jowai is 2 lakh 6 thousand British pounds and when converted into Indian rupees it has reached 1 lakh pounds. crore 90 lakh 7 thousand 3 thousand tyngka.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rangbah Shnong of Laitumkhrah, Bah Andrew J Jyrwa, said that many of the problems in Laitumkhrah range from the needs of the people, to peace and order and to the impact on the community. .
The President of CSAWA Tryans ChM arak said that the children who go to school from the villages that pass through this road, rely on this road for their commute and also the residents who go to the market.
The KSU seized the Kynja from a private vehicle (AS 11 U 7010) (Grand i10 Hyundai), while the two persons in the vehicle escaped.
There has been talk earlier that the corona virus is spreading in the air, and now, the Director of AIIMS, has confirmed this, by admitting that the corona virus, it is the one that flies in the air and lasts longer in the sky.
It is exactly like seeing a movie or any beautiful place in your mind.
Islam also needs beef because it is a very popular meat.
Shillong, July 03: The Chief Executive Officer of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) Tableland Lyngwa has been transferred to the post of Director of the State Institute of Rural Development (SIRD).
The idea of ​​appointing new ones is to keep the work going.
Jemino Mawthoh urged the government to strengthen the screening procedures for those who intend to enter Meghalaya.
Rockchestar Thongni, General Secretary of UDP Mawsynram Circle, in a statement on the 13th November, 2022, said, “UDP supporters leave Jyllep to support HM Shangpliang”. be false and unfounded news.
At the same time, she said that the presence of commercial vehicles parked on the Khyndailad and Motphran roads has caused traffic jam and this has caused problems to the drivers as well as the safety of the pedestrians.
The project was funded through the Prime Minister's Development Initiative for North East Region (PM-DevINE) for the fiscal year 2022-2
It is only the thoughtlessness of the Senders.
In connection with this tragic incident, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, SC Sadhu has announced a financial assistance of T.4 lakh to the families of these victims.
Thus, in a few hours, Reema received an indescribable joy.
The seminar was conducted by Rahul Chatterjee and students from various departments of NEHU participated in the seminar.
Meanwhile, Dr.G.Kadirvel, Director, ATARI Guwahati, said that the cost of production and the demand in the market should be considered in the preparation of any project.
Four winners, one from each polling station, will be selected based on the online selfie contest.
Puducherry Education Minister Namassivayam had earlier announced that all schools would be closed from October 16 to October 26 due to the severe impact of the virus.
Dehydration: Drinking about two liters of water is important.
The Kopati Puja is held for three days from Nartiang, Musiang, and Mushai. During these two days, the young men and women dance and dance with the ksing, dhah and The purpose of this Kopati Puja is to pray for health, prosperity, prosperity, education, wealth, and in all aspects of the country. long man man man.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister has sent for information whether there are any dead or injured people from Meghalaya.
The Bangladeshi and Indian troops who helped the Bangladeshis carrying the boundary lifted it to a higher position to erect it about 20 feet away from the place where it used to stand.
On the other hand, Bah Rowel expressed his regret that although Meghalaya has received heavy rains, it has not been able to use the electricity generated from the water properly. This is Bangladesh.
The union also requested the office to take action and do whatever is necessary by creating the necessary measures to eradicate these diseases. that of rep.
Earlier, ATSA had also met with the leaders of the Naga Students' Federation (NSF) in Guwahati and these groups took the same decisions to work together in the future.
Speaking to media, Mawrie said, “The decision to resign or remain in the MDA government, we will have to wait for the decision of the leaders in Delhi. We will speak again at the National Executive Meeting to be held in Hyderabad”.
The CEM said the EC has decided to dismiss the Agents appointed by the District Council for the Labor License (LL) and these two Agents appointed by the Council. Pynshngaiñ Nongbet and Felix Kharpuri, who were appointed in
The ceremony was held at Mawlasnai village, where those who witnessed the ceremony included Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, President of the RBYF, who was the chief guest. Father Z. Syngkli, Principal of Plielad HSS, Bah Jolin Sten, Rangbah Shnong Mawlasnai, Tyngshainhame Saring, President of Raid Nongtung Circle. , Shiningstar Shadap as General Secretary and many others.
Shillong: “After many requests in the past few days, from the elders and political parties, we on behalf of the HNLC, have decided to allow once again the peace,” said the HNLC. Last year, the assassination of former HNLC General Secretary Cherish Thangkhiew, has disrupted the peace talks. He brought his condolences to the entire Hynniewtrep region and said that he was in need of peace talks with the Government of India.
The farmer who cultivates his own land loves the land and takes good care of it so that it will not be cut down or taken away by others.
“Only this party can implement various schemes, especially when it comes to development works in our state,” he said.
Meghalaya beat Nagaland by 173 runs in the opening match of the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy at the Polo Stadium in Shillong.
However, he and Bah Gavin M Mylliem, MLA Sohra, had agreed and kept the promise that the party would lead the Government, but that did not happen.
Why have the markets and markets in the rural areas from Lyngkhat, Thymmai, Majai, Mawdon and Balat, the trading posts on the border with Bangladesh, been neglected?
According to police sources, unidentified robbers also stole cash worth T.1.73 lakh and the incident may have happened on the night of Sunday, July 12, 2022 or on the early morning of July 13, 2022.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongthymmai Circle today conducted a surprise raid on foreign workers working at a Pentecost Church in Lumsohphoh Nongthymmai.
Other BJP candidates who received votes include Thandarsingh Warjri from Pariong-Mawthadraishan constituency who received 522 votes, followed by Denestar Pariong from Rambrai constituency with 522 votes, Mamiry Nongkhlaw from Nongkrem constituency (200 votes). Syiemlieh of Sohiong-Nongspung (190) and Bah Smen Kyndait of War East (65 votes).
The 10th Anniversary of the death of (L) Maieid Hoping Stone Lyngdoh will be held at the ground floor of IB PWD Upper New Nongstoin. on the 26th of this month.
However, RUFC took the lead after winning by a goal difference (+11 to +9).
In the past few months, we have seen that their desire to meet Amit Shah has been excessive.
According to a letter sent to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District on 27th March 2022 signed by the Waheh Shnong of Hingaria, Bah Thepmon Khonglah, Sitrang said that the school building does not have any more tins and requested to provide immediate assistance. He said that as the school building is built of wood and covered with wood. tin, so when any natural disaster happens, this school is affected from time to time, so the village authority requests the district authority to provide a proper school building with a dewbilat so that it will not cause any problems and will also be for the smooth running of the school and that the children will be safe from any danger.
What the British divided in 1890 through the divide and rule policy was to try to rebuild, in fact.
Other illegal activities are also rampant at the border, which means that the BSF is either allowing or not reliable to think carefully.
However, it is a pleasure to look back inside our state, as we see that the government itself has taken responsibility for the students and also for all the people of the state who have stayed in different states even abroad. Special thanks to all the leaders who have taken action on this issue which affects not only one or two, but all, as a reminder even in the state all the patients The number of cases of COVID-19 has risen to 13 including one death but we are very happy that God has protected our state. u Corona (Green Zone) Thank you to all the hospital staff in the state including Doctors, Nurses and staff who have been ready to fight against this terrible disease even to save themselves.
The Sordars of the village who have ruled the village since the beginning are Bah Thno Nongspung, Bah Ïaraplem Kharmujai, Bah Elet Kharbihkhiew, Bah Jiedstar Nongspung and Bah Jiedstar Nongspung. Bah Berington Kharmujai who is still the Sordar Shnong.
On this tall and strong tree God puts small, strong and strong branches, but on the branches that are big and heavy, God puts them back only in him. a small, weak, and unable to stand like this tree! God is indeed foolish......While he was sleeping, suddenly a strong wind blew and plum leaves began to fall on his body, legs and head.
Danggo has been an MLA for three terms from Ranikor before being defeated in the last election.
Thombor Shiwat did not have any objections or complaints about the funds brought by U Thombor Shiwat.
At the same time, he urged the residents of Meghalaya and Assam to refrain from violence and to take the law into their own hands regarding this incident and allow peace and order to be maintained.
On the 3rd and 4th of June, basketball and football matches were held.
Diya Biswa scored 3/14 in 7 overs, Jennyfer Fancon scored 2/8 in 7 overs and Dejianna M Sangma scored 2/11 in 7 overs.
In East Garo Hills, 26 new cases, 4 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 122 cases in East Khasi Hills.
Another issue is on the natural resources, which she said that the state is rich in natural resources, but the government has not been able to benefit from it except the export of coal. She said that the government has not been able to set up a thermal power station to supply electricity to the state. Central Government to export electricity to other states.
He said that West Khasi Hills is the district with the most roads because in the last 4 and a half years the MDA government has received the most necessary roads in the district including the road from Nongstoin – Rambrai to Chaigoan, Nongstoin-Wahkaji road and Nongstoin-Maweit road.
This decision was taken and announced at the Raid Dorbar held on 11th June, 2019 at Mylliem Rim Market, but it has changed.
During the raid, the union recovered several illegal drugs and items including kynja, thyrnia used to inject drugs and others.
“I myself don't use religion when I contest elections but others use religion, I know that if I use religion, I will win, I have I don't want and don't allow religion to work in politics, but others use religion and their fellow believers also have that religion to vote for the man,” said the pastor.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Halen Nongtdu told us about his journey since he was a child who loved football.
The earthquake also shook parts of India and Pakistan.
Branches of the Seng Khasi Seng (Kmie) who wish to participate in the cultural programs and who wish to take part in the cultural programs are kindly requested to send their notice by 15th November 2017 to the General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Seng (Kmie).
However, in some places in the Sohkymphor area where this reporter was present, he saw and witnessed some new crematoria which had no workers except for a few coal mines. .
During the inspection of the Trading License, it was witnessed that out of the 44 shopkeepers, they had already closed their shops and this showed that they did not have proper documents regarding the trade in Majai.
It used to be strong in Rajasthan but now it is not strong.
There she actually met the two of them drinking.
They discussed sustainable development, Manak Manthan, BIS Care App, Product Specific Capsule Course on Quality Management, Standards Clubs in Schools, Standards in New Places, Internship and BIS, Know your Standard, collaboration with technical and vocational training institutions, and others.
This season there are 12 teams at the Shillong Centre, divided into two parts, the Western and Eastern Conferences.
He said that he did not think that the RDA leaders could elect him as the candidate for the Shillong Seat and said on what basis did these leaders elect him as the RDA candidate. for he was only the least in rank compared to the others.
Other awards were won by Banraplang Marweiñ of Nongstoin Cules FC, Best Goalkeeper by Pyrkhatbha Jyndiang of Sañiaw FC and Best Player by Wansiewdor Syiem of Dangpyrshang FC. The meeting was attended by Bah Donboklang Sungoh, Officer Incharge Nongstoin Police Station as the Chief Guest, Bah Pynshailang Kharbani as the Chief Guest, Bah Medral Kharbani, Sordar of Nongjyllieh Village and others.
The meeting was attended by the Presidents of BJYM and Mahila Morcha of 17th North Shillong along with other executive members.
Shillong: The East Khasi Hills District Chess Association (EKHDCA) will hold the Open Inter-School Chess Tournament 2019 on the 19th March, 2019 from 9:30 pm at Government Girls' Higher Secondary School, Jail Road, Shillong.
These figures were not released by the DGP showing that drugs are not working well in Meghalaya.
The bill aims to replace the existing bill of the Medical Council of India (MCI) and it is understood that the bill will be tabled in the Rajya Sabha on Friday.
In the men's category, Umkyrpong Samla Church won the title by defeating Larket Samla Church 5-4 goals, while in the women's category, Samla Balang Umkyrpong won the title. Umkyrpong Youth Church defeated Kseh Youth Church 5-3 in the tie breaker.
They gave the example of the newly formed Voice of the People Party (VPP), but this party has grown better because the leaders have taken the issues that the people need.
Many parents also tell their children that they are not good enough just because they don't pass well in school.
Most of these four buses violate all the SOPs issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare throughout Shillong.
He added that there may be a time when this group will get bail and if there is anyone who has not granted bail to them, whether it is mother, father, husband, son, The pyrsa maki are also involved in the murder or even the muktiar who testifies falsely against them, the maki also fall within the scope of murder.
Daniel 12:2.
Shillong, Jymmang 16 : The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, today said that the State Government has set a target of making Meghalaya a 10 billion US dollar economy by the GDP of the State.
Those who wish to get more information on the working of the State Biodiversity Board, State Medicinal Plants Board and Forest Department can contact the heads of these government departments who will be present on these days.
“The Minister of Health and Family Welfare has issued a guideline directing the Rangbah Shnongs to understand this and they (ASHAs) cannot just share the information they have worked hard for. to spend the time and the day.
The 11th International Tourism Mart was inaugurated on 12th November in Shillong by the Union Minister of State for Tourism, Shripad Yesso Naik in the presence of the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
Bankyrshanbor Kharkongor scored two goals for Umphyrnai in the 8th and 11th minutes, Wanmebantei Kharkongor (21st) and Dibormy Kharkongor (21st). 23) Sohryngkham scored 1 goal each while Sohryngkham scored 1 goal through Namebantei Kharbuli in the 9th minute.
"“We want the government to ensure security, to improve education and health, to address the problems of the villagers, the problems of the farmers, to address the unemployed youth. loud.
Speaking at the meeting, the Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and Mission Director of the National Health Mission (NHM) Pravin Bakshi called upon all especially the media to spread the word. the government, to vaccinate all children in one country to eradicate this disease.
and the objective of the United Nations through this program is also to maintain clean and safe drinking water sources and wells.
At the same time, he said that if you are not employed in any department, you should not have or should not have a path where one of them is not to have a public announcement and the other is not to have a written statement. examination and other measures, and should appoint persons who are qualified to work in any type of job especially in the 100 bedded Mawkyrwat CHC. Departments or Directorates should do this to recruit job seekers lyndet which will be an encouragement for many job seekers whether they are the youth of the district or even the whole State. other.
We are confident that the State Government will take an immediate decision to set up an impartial inquiry to restore peace and order in the State.
The politicians whom we elect from time to time and whom we despise are the ones who reflect the character of us the people.
If we look at the PHE Department, the Water Supply Department, how many rural areas have received water supply.
The incident was discovered by several people who were passing by the area and were planning to go to the river on Saturday.
Besides Rohit and Kohli, other batsmen who contributed were Ishan Kishan who scored 47 runs from 47 balls and Shreyas Lyer who scored 25 runs from 23 balls. India scored 273 runs for the loss of two wickets in 35 overs.
Rather we should look into a peaceful way of helping and working with local authorities and agencies to tackle the illegal immigrants issue and help strengthen the communal harmony prevalent among the genuine Non Tribals and the Tribals of the state.
Finally, the party would like to make it clear that it will not take part in the debate unless the Assembly Secretariat can implement this demand,” said the VPP. that the government organizes the celebration of Environment Day every year.
This match is crucial for Langsning to reach the semifinals, while Rangdajied are already in first place and have already reached the semifinals. and thus it has produced many players who are not yet skilled in this competition.
The program will be held on the 20th of this month from 9 am to 2 pm at Ladsutnga Dkhiah East Square, Khliehriat.
There are those who complain that the city has become crowded because of the large number of vehicles but this should not be the reason because as income increases, people become richer and when people become richer, jobs increase. jam, and the income of the state is also increasing and the benefit belongs to the government.
Shillong: One of the Covid-19 patients, today posted on social media, in which he said that he has tested positive for the corona virus and named “Meban” who lives in Jaiaw Lumsyntiew. also that those who have been in contact with him, since 19th November 2020, should send for self-test.
Shillong: There have been 78 recoveries from 86 cases of coronavirus in Jongksha.
According to Shyamanath Roy, the owner of these cows, fire trucks immediately arrived at the scene but could not control the blaze. It has destroyed the cowshed as well as the cows and it has been a great loss to him as a cowboy, who used to earn his living by raising cows.
He said that it is for this reason that as the party we will follow in the footsteps of this great leader of the state.
In another incident, the KSU has raided a house at Lakhi Building Iawmusiang where Nepalis live and found that many of these Nepalis who have been working in Jowai for many years do not have permits to work. to affect the State.
Sniawbhalang Dhar will be in charge of Ri Bhoi District, Comingone Ymbon of South West Khasi Hills, Metbah Lyngdoh of South Garo Hills and Lahkmen Rymbui of West Garo Hills.
In Samaria the people recognized and accepted that Jesus was the Messiah.
Regarding this incident, the residents of the area, especially those who live in the villages that depend on this river, have been blaming the dewbilat factories in the Lumshnong area.
“Ani khun, how come I don't really think, I'm still thinking that you'll be friends first,” said the mother.
And it will be the time when the Kingdom of God will come down to this earth to rule for 1000 years and forever.
Shillong: The KSU Mawlai Mawïongrim Unit has signed a memorandum of understanding against the infiltration of mynder; The President and General Secretary of the Unit, today, 18th November 2022, conducted a search operation against foreign workers who came to work in the village without any identification documents. and without a proper syrnod from the police department of the villages that they came whether they were criminals or criminals, so on that day the police station was able to raid the police station of the villages. Silicom, Rymbai Filling Station and MLP. The office has immediately suspended the operation as they cannot provide or collect the contractors' certificates. (Work Permit) from the Department of Labor is not issued by the Seng.
Bible scholar Anthony Ceresko calls this retribalization and the Mosaic Society retribalized through families and clans in different villages and these villages independently administered the government. you judge.
The Government of India today announced that the curfew in those areas where the disease is severe will remain in force until 31st November
He said that it is only when we have experienced the fruit of defeat that we can understand the purity of the fruit of victory.
Bihar has 33.76 per cent and Jharkhand 28.81 per cent.
This will indeed be a big step in bringing peace in this State.
Those planted in August-September are planted in October-November and those planted in January-February.
Police have arrested all three suspects.
“However, I agree that the leaders of the Dorbar Shnongs and others with the government can approach the Home Affairs Department of the Central Government to request them to expedite the adoption of the VAB,” he said. said Dr Mukul.
Checks and work orders were also distributed to the beneficiaries through various government schemes.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the decision to impose a total lockdown in East Khasi Hills District and other districts will be taken by weekend lockdown.
Such statements are baseless and contrary to the facts.
The first phase of funding was provided by the Atal Mission for Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation (AMRUT), which provides funding under the Central Urban Development Scheme.
Assam Jatiya Parishad (AJP) President Lurin Jyoti Gogoi has been attacked by BJP workers at Kalag in Baghjani, Nalbari district. The land is located in Barkhetri Assembly Constituency.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Nathaniel Thangkhiew, Basan Nongkseh of Mylliem Hima, Syiem of Raid Marngar, Jeremy Lyngdoh, Pa'iem Richard Syiem, Ministers of Mylliem Hima, Longsan Mansan, Lyngdoh. and Pator of Raid Marwet and others along with the children of thousands of Raid Marwet.
When the kñia, the khriam, the khan and the kyrpad were finished, the swearer swore to them and said that if they were willing to speak even if there were enough witnesses about their poikha sang, they should drink the klong. smai who has been killed has been killed.
Answering questions, Ampareen said, “The struggles come and go and no one can say that it is too much for me. Perhaps the time has come because history is always going backwards.
Shillong: The demand for the relocation of the headquarters of the PWD (Roads) North Division from Jowai to Shangpung has continued. They have sent a letter to the Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah P.Tynsong, today to demand that the Government should implement the decision announced since November
After the programme, a tree planting ceremony was held on the outskirts of the cleanliness area and near Phot Mawpon.
Laitjem beat Hurdles Cricket Club by three wickets in the final of the 2nd District League T20 Cricket Tournament Shortimai Syiem Stadium, Smit.
“Block I and Block II means that we still have to discuss the return of those villages where there are Khasi and Pnars.
In the meeting with Rajnath, Sanbor and BJP Meghalaya President Ernest Mawrie urged to hand over the Kirkit Square to the people by signing a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the army. to run this field.
We have collected the opinions from various departments,” said Kropha, who heads the committee.
The competition was conducted by Hasina Kharbhih of Impulse Network MGO. The judges were Dr S Bareh, teachers of Nongtalang College, Bah JS Shangpliang, former teacher of Nongtalang College, and Bah E Rodborne. Vice President of KJWA. The owner and editor of the newspaper Bah RM Shabong was also present and the Secretary of the committee for 25 years Bah PR Shabong gave the welcome speech.
He said that the victory in the MP election in Shillong is different from all the previous elections as more than 3 lakh votes have won the Congress candidate Vincent H. Palabad. It is 5,71,0
After this, a meeting of various political parties will be convened to discuss this issue.
He said that his wife died on the spot and eight others were seriously injured and others sustained minor injuries. Police of Ummulong Beat House took them to hospital.
On the deterioration of the road in the area, the Rangbah said that the reason for the deterioration of the road is since the construction of the market in Tamabil and since the construction of the market. “It has affected the road and it has caused the road to deteriorate and it is no longer suitable for traffic, especially during the rainy season,” he said.
The State Government has banned the purchase of fish from outside the State for 15 days.
This is a bad thing,” he said.
“In 2018, these contract teachers have informed the department that some of the teachers are old enough, so to help them, the government has decided to allow them to extend the year and In this regard, the government has accepted the extension of the age limit in the education department from 32 to 37 years and for these contract teachers now the government will take a decision to extend it further. a year," he added.
However, after the contractor has withdrawn all the money, 50 households have not received water yet.
Shillong, July 3: The Meghalaya Transport Corporation Workers' Union (MTCWU) has decided to intensify its strike against the government. The government has announced that there will be a strike by the employees of the department for two days on Tuesday and Tuesday. throughout the state.
Those who know better, said that he was the driver of the truck, number ML 05 f 0885 and the driver was identified as Bah Roning Nongkynrih and he was shot dead. of Mawshun village, which is near a petrol pump (on the road from Pynursla to Dawki).
On this occasion, the Seng also had a meeting with the Deputy Registrar of the university on the holidays which have not been included in the holiday list such as Behdeiñ Khlam, Ribhoi Day, Shad Sajer and others. On his part, he promised that in the future, he will monitor and respect the holidays of the State.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Titos Chyne MLA Sohra, said that the UDP has not received the exact figure yet but what he has confirmed is that in his constituency, the UDP will win the most seats. .
The use of 5G can also shorten the life span of mankind.
Section 144 CrPC also prohibits people from gathering more than five people and carrying weapons including sticks, stones and other weapons at the Mooshutsdai-Mookabeng garbage dump.
Police of the Lokayukta in Katni, Madhya Pradesh, have arrested a government official for allegedly extorting Rs 5,000 on Tuesday.
However, the Government has registered the land that has been illegally purchased at a reasonable price.
How can you get directly if you don't have any information about this disease (covid-19).
“There is no government that can increase salaries right now, because the government still needs to decide how much it can increase,” he added.
They said that as the groups, they are surprised that after the inspection today, they learned that not only the groups have been delayed in providing information, but also to one government department. The Minister had scheduled to meet with them but they could not meet due to the delay in the information system.
He said that all the parties in the MDA government have agreed to have a joint candidate in the upcoming MP elections but the issue is who will contest and this will be resolved.
Mutakpur: The Border Guards of Bangladesh on Saturday raided the village of Mutakpur in India to prevent the people from building or repairing the village road. which is also a Khasi village on the border of India and Bangladesh.
Then let us work together, let us not leave him alone.
With this, the number of price information centers has increased from 122 on 01/01/2021 to 179 to date.
On the 6th, the Committee will meet with the Chief Secretary to the State Government, Bah DP Wahlang to discuss the topic, “Initiatives in the North East.
Therefore, the Office of the Assistant Commissioner of Food Safety, West and East Jaintia Hills will give you until 31st March 2024 to comply with all these instructions to avoid being filed a case in Court.
The death toll in the past 24 hours includes 33 men and 7 women, 28 from Dhaka Division, 8 from Chittagong Division, 2 from Khulna, 1 each from Rajshahi and Rangpur Division.
On receiving the incident, the Nongpoh Fire Brigade rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire, but could not do anything to rescue the items. The fire broke out in the area and has forced the Fire Brigade to return to the scene.
He said that the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram had already informed the Rangbah Shnong of Mawsynram in April, 2015 about the agreement between the Syiem and the Dorbar Hima Mawsynram. this is the Cream of the Dead.
“The Ordinance clearly states that it recognizes the Rangbah Shnongs who have the recognition of the people, and these Village Authorities who have not been recognized by the people who live in their area, who can ban them? " said Robert Kharjahrin.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that the issuance and renewal of trading licenses does not fall under the jurisdiction of the state government, but the state government has directed District Councils should not refuse to renew trading licenses of foreigners which have been valid for decades.
“After receiving information from a political leader, we went to raid the house of Durai Murugan, the DMK treasurer, where his son, Kathir Anand, was fighting for the election. “We have seized a lot of money from an engineering college and kept in a warehouse owned by Srinivasan,” he said. you are the Income Tax Department.
When asked whether the district authorities will prosecute these leaders under the MPDA, the DC said a decision will have to be taken in due course if necessary.
Instead, she took a lyngknot and tied me.
They joined the ULFA in 2012 and were trained by the ULFA in Durama Hills in East Garo Hills.
Expunction – The expulsion of the opinions expressed by the members of the Legislative Assembly from the report or bill submitted to the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong: The new Chief Executive Member (KEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Teinwel Dkhar, on Tuesday said that the Village Administration Bill (VAB) will be looked into later but what is needed now is to pass a law. or codify to recognize the customs and traditions of villages, Himas and Raids.
I urge the government to issue an order in the future that all the residents will have to take this vaccine and if they don't take it they will be punished or lose all the benefits they should have. get.
He has been confirmed to join the NPP as the NPP leaders have confirmed his joining the party.
He said that the MLA of the area, Ampareen Lyngdoh, has come to inspect the incident and has promised to the Rangbah Shnongs that she will improve the situation so that such a thing will not happen. The incident will not happen again.
The word rapkhmat 'kyn' is not added to any verb or to any word that has no meaning or no meaning to form another new word, such as kynriah, kynran, kynta, smile, smile, woman, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, and so on.
And Jesus looked upon him, and was moved with compassion, and said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, To day shalt thou be with me in paradise" (Lk 23:43) (e) Jesus and those who sympathized with him when he was crucified, but they did not dare to stand near, so they looked at Jesus from a distance.
In the past few hours, media reported that four people were injured in the incident.
“The surveys regarding the damage to houses and crops have been completed and the government has listened to the explanation after the implementation and the relief funds have been sent. to the Collectors in charge of the areas where they will send the relief goods to the victims.
It is expected that more flags will be erected at the Shillong Press Club in the coming days to pay tribute to other outstanding wrestlers of the State.
“We are happy to see the trial because at the time of the introduction of the CAB we started the first strong protest from the North East and when the CAA was passed, the protest spread to Rithor,” said Thabah, “we have also seen that the protests in the North East have lacked media coverage from Rithor and abroad. foreign media take notice.
“The Chief Minister talks about protecting the environment, but in Jowai there is garbage,” the placards read.
During the two day program which started on the 5th of this month, youths came to take part in the program to discuss how to strengthen the youth for the future of the country. and also in various competitions including drawing and painting, guitar, and flute, drama, traditional song and dance competition, language skills, and others. There are 4 blocks in Ri Bhoi including Jirang Block, Umling Block, Umsning Block and Bhoirymbong Block.
Shillong, Nailur 13: Bollywood filmmaker and producer Karan Kashyap has arrived in Shillong to shoot his film Keh Do Na. from Meghalaya and the shooting of the film will be limited to Meghalaya and a little bit in Mumbai.
After examining the powder, police found it to be heroin weighing 67.36 grams.
Mumbai, Nailar 25: Former Bihar Chief Minister Lalu Prasad is on his way to the Asian Heart Institute at Bandra Kurla Complex for treatment. the day of my judgment is the day of God.
The police have done this in order to keep Shillong safe and secure.
How about you students who don't stay at home? How do you fight against the owner of the house who lives only on the money he gets from the tenants? The government has provided money to them and the shopkeepers have been closed.
In terms of knae films, the film has taken part in Ganapath but this film has not been able to attract the audience and has lost a lot of money.
Inside the vehicle were Dony Paya Mulieh, 19, of Khliehshnong, Lumshnong and Langki Rymbai, 23, of Lumshnong.
The owner of the vehicle, Ricky Challam of Iongpiah Jowai, said that the vehicle was seized from Stand War at 2 pm.
These office bearers include President Iosterson Sun, Vice President Doncaster Shabong, Edward Kharwanlang and Banri Kupar Wahlang, General Secretary Glanding Lyngdoh, Asst Secretary Joy Rynjah and Treasurer HB Wahlang.
Many people were able to talk to him and according to them, they did not inform anyone about the meeting, but when the people arrived at the venue, only a few people arrived. The Assam Police and those who banned the meeting tried to hold it.
Dr Mawrie said that the central government encourages private individuals, companies, community leaders, churches and religious groups, civil society organizations or NGOs to come forward to adopt. He said that the Social Services Center of the Catholic Church is the only Social Services Center in the Catholic Church. who has done this work.
Looking back, the party's performance in other states of India has declined steadily.
Shillong: St Anthony's College Shillong has won the 2019 NEHU Inter College Basketball Championship 2019 today at the NEHU Permanent Campus, Shillong.
He said that the MPOWER has been developed in such a way to look after the youth as well as the youth.
This sector is often assumed to be owned and controlled by men.
Gadkari's remarks have angered Congress leader Rahul Gandhi, who has circulated a video of Gadkari and the Congress party confirming that the 2014 election promises have been fulfilled. , are completely false and untrue.
Not only that, there was also a special award to one of the oldest participants, Bah Victor Ïawsai who is 70 years old.
The injured were rushed to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh.
“The NPP welcomes the decision of the BJP leadership in Delhi to support the two NPP candidates from Tura and Shillong who are contesting the MP elections. We are encouraged and happy with this decision taken by the BJP leadership to support our candidates,” said Prestone Tynsong.
The people say that they don't need the UDP in Sohiong anymore, they need the NPP which is leading the government,” said Bah Samlin.
Delhi has 13,785 cases, Maharashtra 43,697 and West Bengal 11,4
Daplin turned around and saw Bah Malki. “Ade Bah, where are you from...?” Daplin asked first. “I just came to pay you... I came from work.
He said that the VPP has decided to remain in the opposition to fulfill its duties even if it is low paid. “I don't want the government to do whatever it wants,” he said.
I theh ha piris because the more you leave the water, the stronger the synhaw becomes.
There are internal differences, corruption that affects the development of the party.
“Every member has his own purpose and I cannot stop it.
The states where the Government of India plans to implement the Mission Parivar Vikas are Uttar Pradesh, which has employed 8,375 men and 2,62,758 women in 2013-14; males and 2,28,198 females in 2014-15 and 6,042 males and 2,25,616 females in 2015-16;
The incident occurred at 11:45 pm while the five persons were eating lunch under a tree near the field where they work at Mawkadiang, Nongstoin.
Secondly, in the state of Jammu and Kashmir, the villagers and land owners in Kashmir are Kashmiri Pandits.
“The Rangbah Shnongs have an important role in this so that the number of literate people in the district will increase,” said Roytre.
Therefore, the union has arranged to welcome them on the 17th at Lad Umroi in Umiam.
“If the Hima Mylliem does not listen to the arrangements, we will have to ban the cutting again.
This order will come into force in all parts of West Jaintia Hills from 4:00 PM on 24th June 2023 and will continue until the end of the counting of votes on 27th June
Shillong: The Cultural Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie will hold the Na Thymmei Festival on the 19th and 20th of November this year. as part of the preservation of the culture, customs and traditions, to showcase the richness of the Hynniewtrep people to other countries of the world who do not know the origin of the Hynniewtrep people. Wasa didn't have time.
We also say that the northern parties have no part in the district council because their leaders are not Khasi and Jaintia,” he said.
The meeting was held at Circuit House Tura.
Judas, who betrayed Jesus, was a disciple of Jesus.
Other policemen who attended the incident said that there were also two people in the house who were later found to be his children.
The union in the presence of the President of War Jaintia Circle, Laitphar Syngkrem, President of War Jaintia Circle, has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner to stop this trade as it is causing problems and danger to the people. War Jaintia Hills District due to the rapid spread of COVID-19 even in Bangladesh.
He recalled that the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) was implemented only in Lum Naga in 1950 but spread to Lushai in 1960, Tripura in 1970 and then to Brahma. In 1980, parts of Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh were declared danger zones under the Act.
Ashok Gasti, a member of the Rajya Sabha, has died of covid-19 in Bengaluru.
If you count the unemployment rate and the population, it is only about 0.012% per annum (if 400 jobs).
However, among them there were also writers who told stories about social life or human relationships who did not have those words that were meaningful or that would stir up the minds of people, or that to touch the heart of man, so it is up to the authors of literature to decide on this matter.
In this regard, the Deputy Commissioner promised to take action for the benefit and information of the public on the price of food items so that the shops can take advantage of the prices. The statement was issued by the President of the East Jaintia Hills District Women's Congress Committee, Jhanika Siangshai.
“Children from all the areas – Khasi, Jaintia, and Garo Hills – are losing hope because of the actions of the Government.
However, the new O.M. has been issued on
“Ka seng also expresses its strong opposition to the Assam government's plan to set up a Police Outpost at Umru village which is still within the boundary of Raid Nongtung. “The purpose of setting up a Police Outpost at Umru is due to the request of the Khar Nepalis who live in the area and do not want to join Meghalaya,” said the leaders.
Shillong, Lber 18: Although the National Green Tribunal has banned the mining and trading of coal, there are still many violators of the NGT Act in the state.
This makes football available to children, youth, recreational players, the elderly, those who are marginalized in society and those who are still being trained and those with disabilities to be able to play equally.
Dr.PM Nadon said that tobacco not only affects the health but also poses a threat to the environment and the surrounding area because the planting and production of tobacco pollutes the drinking water sources. , it pollutes the earth and the environment.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP), the largest and oldest political party in the state, has moved quickly to distinguish itself from the many candidates who want to contest MP elections. in the MDC elections.
“If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ sitteth on the right hand of God”.
He said that the remaining fund for the improvement of roads is Rs 170 crore.
The village authority through the Waheh Shnong Ma Yooshida Nongspung has requested the district administration to rebury the body which they buried in Khanduli village as the village authority unanimously opposes the burial of klumar people inside the village. satisfy them as citizens who strongly opposed this act.
The Government should give its full cooperation to the NHIDCL because in the end, the beneficiaries are the state and the citizens.
There was once, because I couldn't stand it anymore, I felt like I was wearing a long patlun.
The Andhra Pradesh High Court on Tuesday rejected three petitions of former Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Nara Chandrababu Naidu seeking interim bail in connection with three cases of The cases relate to incidents on the Inner Ring Road, Fiber Net and Angallu 307, the source said.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Wildlife Department of the state has earned about Rs 15 lakh per annum from the park and this has been received from the collection of entrance fees from visitors per annum.
The Church has awarded him the Archbishop Dominic Jala Memorial Award.
Bah Shemphang said he has three children.
Shillong: Police of the ANTF East Jaintia Hills Khliehriat have seized 10,000 grams of Ya Ba Tablets or Madness Drugs, known as World is Yours, on the night of 12, 13th November 2019 and these goods are worth T.13 to T.15 lakh.
At that time, Bah Adelbert Nongrum was the CEM of KHADC. However, until the time that Bah Adelbert Nongrum became the Head of KHADC, the government did not approve the arrangement. After a few months of the collapse of the government of Bah Adelbert in KHADC, the government of Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem came to KHADC. Bah PS Syiem is still close to the state government officials and at that time he held a special meeting at KHADC to resolve the shortcomings of the VAB, 2014 and that meeting was held on the 30th of July. and in the midst of many opposition from the opposition MDCs in the Dorbar, Pynshngaiñ passed the VAB, 2015 by counting the number of people.
Thousands of people attended the election campaign for the NPP candidates.
These students were accompanied by teachers from St. Paul's Higher Secondary School, Marbisu, Little Star English School, Ribhoi District and Mary Mount Higher Secondary School, Mawlai Mawtawar.
More than 2300 SHGs have been set up in these four districts and about T.171 crore has been spent on the development of SHGs. “, said Bah Suting and added that this is low compared to the number of villages in the state as a whole.
“We have ensured that we will take all necessary measures to ensure that there is no illegal activity,” he said.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Chief Minister, he said, “I have come to meet the Chief Minister that he has concern for the women of Meghalaya. They include the Khasi, Garo and other ethnic groups in Assam because through this NRC they have been declared foreigners in their own country.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today met with the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh to present to him the seven demands of the union through the Agricultural and Farmers Welfare Cell.
Earlier, the Chief Secretary, Kong Rebecca V.Suchiang, stressed that it is necessary to make the students aware of the dangers of drugs.
On 16th June 2023, the National General Secretary of the Trinamool Congress (TMC) came to Tura to take part in a rally.
The General Secretary of the JNC, said that the party has already conducted an investigation and found that the statement and criticism of Training Phawa, who is the Finance Secretary of the JNC, did not agree with that statement. and that the judgment against him was wrong and unjust.
The four persons were identified as Darius Marak, Jackius Marak, David Sangma, Paulus Marak and Attai Marak. who live near the village of the child.
Khliehriat, Naitung 30 :The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS today inaugurated the seven new classrooms of the Lower Primary School, Khliehriat East. Star Cement Lumshnong, at a cost of T 33 lakh and about 10 percent from the village, at the same time the company has also provided benches for the children to sit in classes.
After the Blang was killed in the river, the Paro (Rapati) was released.
Williamson A Sangma, Prime Minister and other Ministers, BB Lyngdoh, Edwinson Bareh and SD Nichols Roy.
Mawkyrwat, June 27: Sngap Syiem College Mawkyrwat (SSCM) has held a Consultation Meeting on the CUET Central University Entrance Test UG 2022 on 23rd June, 2022 with the participation of 18 Principals of Higher Secondary Schools. Schools of South West Khasi Hills District have come to participate with their sympathy for the students who will take this Entrance Test.
Four days later, the DC incharge of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah SS Syiemlieh, has called a meeting between the two parties.
In addition, they demanded the provision of teachers in these two schools.
Those who attended the function included Technical Assistant of Mylliem C&RD Block L Mawrie, Gramm Sevak SS Jana and others.
“When we buy electricity at a high price, we don't charge the people for electricity at a high price but the government has to cover up because the price of electricity to distribute to the people is not set by the price of electricity. MeECL is not the electricity department but the State Electricity Regulatory Commission,” he said.
Shillong: The FKJGP Sengkmie has inaugurated the office of the East Khasi Hills Agriculture Cell at Mawlyngad on 22nd November Ronnie Wahlang (MCS) BDO of Mawryngkneng Block, in the presence of hundreds of farmers from different areas and villages of East Khasi Hills. Hills Districts.
Following this, the Customs personnel raided a house in Lumparing and seized the gold from this house.
Through this meeting, the District Administrators of Meghalaya and Assam, discussed the need for cooperation between these Districts, so that the elections in Assam to be held in June will be held smoothly without any problems. by being disturbed, especially in border areas.
On the opposition side, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Mayralborn Syiem, Azad Zaman, George B Lyngdoh, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Mayralborn Syiem, Opposition leaders include PT Sawkmie, Mohendro Rapsang, Zenith Sangma, Charles Pyngrope and Dr Mukul Sangma.
Nongpoh, Lber 24: Nongtyrlaw Village in Ri-Bhoi District has been one of the villages in Ri-Bhoi District which has been suffering from water shortage for many years. The Nongtyrlaw Combined Water Supply Scheme (CWSS) has been inaugurated in Nongtyrlaw village.
The union also expressed its strong opposition to the UGC office in Guwahati when the students of the university left the office.
On the other hand, the Khasi Jaintia Butchers' Association (KJBA) has alleged that it is the Assam government which has smuggled the cows into the state.
The union will also send a complaint to the government especially to the Minister of Home Affairs and to the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission regarding the incident against the union members.
Deibor also had his chance after a mistake by Mawlai, but his attempt went wide.
The longkmie said that two others who have been arrested have been dragged from the village road and so far, five persons have been arrested from Nongmensong.
Constable Vijay Kumar was injured and was taken to Sibbari PHC by the villagers. However, he died before reaching the PHC,” said SP South Garo Hills Abraham T Sangma.
To achieve this goal, all government departments will need to work together because there are many challenges but we will not only look at the challenges but also how to overcome these challenges,” said Bah Paul.
Speaking on the recent bomb blast in the city and the unrest among the residents, Bah Lyngdoh said, “Such incidents happen in all parts of the world and in Meghalaya these days "The days of violence and armed robbery have gone with the HNLC, because this is no longer what happened 15 years ago.
The tournament was held at the Sports Authority of India Stadium at the end of the NEHU campus which started on 26th June with 32 schools participating. participate in this year's tournament.
The GS said that the price of foreign dew mur is set by the market operators called Syndicate Groups.
– B Kharbani (8258898775), R Katrai (8787333937), F Thangkhiew (8787353121) and Sikam Sangma (8837242771).
Shillong: Ka Sohra, has experienced heavy rainfall in the past two days, today and yesterday as well.
The ITLF has sent a letter to the Central YMA requesting for assistance and he was shifted to Aizawl Civil Hospital, where doctors immediately shifted him to NEIGRIHMS. , that he will receive proper medical care.
Ms Ampareen said that the youth of our state are very low paid in other states of the country and this employment of foreign workers in this state has caused a lot of trouble for them. young people in the state who are outside.
The death toll from the clashes between Israel and Hamas on March 7 has risen to 61, the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) said. ) in a news release.
Amar said to the Speaker, “Speaker, look, there is a sister of mine, sitting on my right, wearing a long dress.
The Meghalaya Adventures' Association (MAA) has also lodged a complaint with the state government regarding the actions of the company, but the government has not done anything.
After this, the veterinary doctor left the scene and threatened the BSF personnel who were in the middle of the operation.
In the men's category, Prannoy had to improve his form once again until he won against Shi Feng Li of China. 13-21, 21-16, 21-1
The KSU Nongthymmai Circle has urged the Principal to ensure that the students should receive their stipend as they should and at the same time to repair the hostel for the students. shu ieh sleep.
However, on Tuesday, the Government of India has decided to assist in the repatriation of those who have gone to work abroad.
This happened after one of the children accused of rape lodged a complaint at Rynjah police station on the 29th of this month against the rape. Superintendent of Police (SP) Rituraj Ravi, East Khasi Hills, said that she had lodged a complaint against him on the same day.
On October 10, 2018, four petrol bombs were detonated in Upper Mawprem and no one was injured or damaged in the incident.
Thus, puidkhmat in Khasi has the same meaning as the word design because in local clothes, puidkhmat is used from the rymmiang and from the places where puidkhmat is allowed to be made.
You can also call 9503115933, 8974982359, 8837035740,
The JAC leaders said that the matter is still within the District Council to consider the report submitted by the Observer of KHADC who attended the Hima Dorbar on 11th July,
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the Government has received more than 30,000 applications under the CM-Elevate within two months.
The DC said that he has just started working in the last 10 or 2 days, so he cannot see the details of the work and therefore he cannot explain in detail how much work has been done. It has already progressed, but after the 3rd he will be able to explain more clearly how the work is going.
That we may know that they are shyllangmat.
Furthermore, the Youngminds leaders said that on the closing day tomorrow 25th October 2023 there will be many performances from the prominent singers of the state who will entertain and entertain the evening, including the band. Colours, Wanjop Sohkhlet, DJ Wanshan, DJ D-Bryan and others.
Efty scored 79 runs in 10 overs for the loss of six wickets for Ummulong to win the title.
Shillong: U Opposition Leader and former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and his family members, including his wife Dikkanchi D Shira, Miani D Shira and others visited NEIGHRIMS this evening. Minister of State Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Dr Azad Zaman, Jimmy Sangma MLA and others visited the village.
In West Garo Hills, there are 9 cases of high risk.
Regarding this incident on Saturday, the President of HITO, who received information that it is a fellow member of the union who was involved in this incident, said that with the intention of going to resolve the matter. The clashes escalated to the point where police had to be deployed.
Apbor Nongrum President of the HPF said that the road has been maintained by the drivers' unions during the rainy season. The HPF demands that the PWD should clean up the road. for the fiscal year 2022-2
Hek also refused to take over the management of the EMRI, saying that it is impossible to take over the EMRI, because there are many people working in the health department. I don't have a contract post but I don't have a sanction post.
Before the Prime Minister reached Iewduh, the road from Anjalee Petrol Pump to Iewduh was blocked, then from GS Road to Motphran it was blocked. long manla day.
When these things happened, fear affected the government, the people, the ethnic groups and the terrible thing is that even the Christians were afraid to go to church and some of them stopped going to church. long prayer.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Paul said, “Some of you are children, some of you have faced difficulties in your life, but let us remember this as Pastor Reuben has led us. This will remind us that our Savior the Lord Jesus Christ when parents brought their children to Jesus to bless them, but the disciples of Jesus drove them away. , but Jesus said, “Let the little children come to me, for the kingdom of heaven belongs to such as these.
Speaking as the chief guest, the MLA of the area, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, congratulated the Dorbar Shnong Pamrakmai, for taking this step by awarding the students who have passed well in their examinations. He said that this is to encourage and motivate the students to reach from one level to another and to reap the fruits of victory. read that they must work hard in their studies to achieve their goals.
Therefore, he urged them not only to get awards but to have the spirit to live in the path of goodness and avoid evil deeds which are a threat to their goals.
“She is a candidate whom we are fortunate to have as Dr. Fenela because she is experienced in social and political life, she has also been a prominent politician and teacher. in Law College where she has also received the Gold Medal in Law from Delhi and has been involved in various activities,” said Bah Sanbor.
Is there no difference, then, in the work between the two? Whereas the Autonomous District Councils in Meghalaya have been established by the 6th Schedule of the Constitution of India; it means that their powers can be taken away only by the Constitution.
The meeting was attended by former MDC Nongstoiñ LG Nongsiej, ST Kharbani, one of the leading leaders of the NPP in 2018, Greenland Nongsiej from Mawlangdep and others.
The houses affected by the landslide were the houses of Piousfull Lamare and Diniwonhi Sutnga.
“According to Para 3 (1) (g) of the Sixth Scheduled, the duty of Rangbah Shnong exists and what is needed is to pass a law,” said Bah Lanong.
Let us look at the good example of one of the great men of the Khasi people, the life of Rev.JJM Nichols Roy.
Explaining about the village, the EM said that the Council intends to award the village to groups who are skilled in various traditional instruments with the aim of reviving the dances and costumes. of different Kingdoms.
The Minister has also promised that the two Khasi youths who have placed first and second in the Khasi-Jaintia Category will be included in the Open Category and in their , other Khasi youths who are on the waiting list will be added.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28 : Former Chief Executive Member (CEM) of JHADC, Bah Madonbai Rymbai on Tuesday questioned the attempt of the JHADC and the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) to extend the term of the House without any proper grounds.
The three cricketers include Raj Biswa, Kishan Lyngdoh (both bowlers) and Arbin Singh (spin bowler).
Thus Jesus abolishes this practice of the scribes and Pharisees.
I would also like to thank Ma Coming Ymbon Local MLA who has taken the initiative to help in many ways.
However, in these days, the Dorbar Shnong has become one of the most important parts of the society.
On the other hand, the KSU Mawlai Circle has demanded that the Government should immediately remove the CRP camp and transfer it to the Arts & Culture Department. The Government department owns the land and if the land is not installed, it will continue to cause bloodshed in the future because these CRPs have caused many problems in the past years. Until that day, the residents, especially the children, who did not know the beginning of the loss.
Mawkyrwat, July 02: Mawlangwir Sports Club (MSC) will play the final of the Spring Festival Football Tournament 2022 at Saitsnad Stadium, Mawlangwir.
Alexander was an MLA who won from the BJP in previous years before joining the Congress before the 2013 MLA elections.
All things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made that was made.
“It will be a blessing to many villages if the government cleans up this road and perhaps it will also improve the economic development of the people to make it easier for them to travel,” said Bety Jyrwa. The HNYF Womens Wing has expressed its deep sorrow over the problems faced by the people in the area. The union requests and demands that the government should take immediate action to clean up this road for the benefit of many villages in the area.
On the other hand, Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh, who has taken over the post of President of the NPP Mawhati and also the candidate for this election, will take the responsibility to strengthen the party. The support of the people to win the election is proud of him for the changes in this constituency.
You can't hide yourself or cover your eyes.
He said that the construction of the road has not been carried out in accordance with the rules and regulations of the NGT which strictly prohibits damage to the Myntdu River or breaking the road.
So there was a hiring on this.
The team also inspected the houses under construction in Keithelmanbi, where more than 150 houses are planned to be built, the report said.
Dr. Nibedita Paul, PD, KRC, Jal Jeevan Mission, said that the Ministry of Jal Shakti, Govt.
Shillong, Nailar 22: In the past few months, the People Democratic Front (PDF) has been spreading across the Khasi Hills. Many of them have joined the party to contest the 2018 MLA elections.
Many prominent Congress MLAs Prestone Tynsong, Roshan Warjri and Ampareen Lyngdoh did not attend the meeting, but MLAs from other parties who attended the meeting were from the UDP. They included the President, Dr Jemino Mawthoh and TW Chyne.
UDP MDC from Mairang, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who resigned after the Legislative Assembly passed the Prevention of Disqualification Act, 2015, has expressed his regret. spirit of the decision of the Governor of the State.
At the same time, the High Court said that the government should not collect taxes to calculate the share that teachers should receive and if there is a case that the government has collected taxes, it should return them. all the money you have counted.
Speaking on the decline in the water level at Umiam Dam, Conrad said that the limit has reached the point where the dam has to be closed as the State has not received rainfall in the past months. This is one of the problems in these months when it comes to rainfall in the State.
On this occasion, the Assam police alleged that the wood carried by the truck was cut from the Assam government forest, while the villagers of Mukroh said that it was cut from the village land to set fire.
Therefore, we must forget all the past by forgetting the right conviction in ourselves that what I say is right.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Monday demanded the intervention of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah who is also in charge of the PWD (Roads) Department, Bah Prestone Tynsong regarding the deterioration of the National Road. Highway-6.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The 48 hours deadline for Nongstoin MLA Diostar Jyndiang to apologize to his opponents has expired. He did not want to comment on the matter, but other sources said that the MLA is ready to proceed with the matter.
If you look at the number of daju in Iewduh, it is about 2000 or less.
“I have traveled about 1000 km in these 10 months in 67 villages, I have stayed overnight in West Khasi Hills, Ri-Bhoi and some people say why it is late but this is to know and understand them. the problem of the people,” said Ampareen.
“When we reached Lum Shohshrieh, we saw that there were trucks parked in the remote areas. kong Agnes Toto seh kong I'll talk to you first, but I said I'm going to leave quickly, I'm going to get into the car to walk, but when I got ahead, the road was blocked by a car. gypsy and there are other good vehicles, but the first is the Gypsy.
The woman was rushed to GMCH for treatment and her family members lodged a complaint.
I want you to change your rule.
“Akhil hasn't been with me for a year and a half.
He said that she wants clean people who have nothing to do with it.
With this step, we hope that we can support the government to accelerate the rollout of COVID vaccination to fight against COVID-19,” she added.
Perhaps if the MDA Government had joined hands with the Syiems, KHADC and the rulers of the raids and villages it would not have caused this suffering to the people living in the border villages.
Shillong: The General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Roy Kupar Synrem today said that police are conducting an investigation into the shooting injury of two youths at Sohbyrthied Pyrkan village near Shella. They included a Khasi youth in the Bangladeshi morning.
Romario Dkhar scored 71' and Lack Lamare 78' for Jarain SC.
He said that the PHE department from time to time has noticed this problem and especially during the first heavy rains.
Dy CEM, Ma Lasky Rymbai, said that the Executive Committee led by CEM Thombor has taken steps to encourage the residents to register their land, but the people on the border have not taken the initiative yet.
Section 144 of the Criminal Procedure Code has been imposed and the Internet has been suspended till 30th June in four wards of Kaliaganj Municipal area as part of the curfew. incidents that affect and destroy the peace and order in the state.
cases in West Jaintia Hills, 17 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 49 cases in West Khasi Hills and 15 cases in South West Khasi Hills.
Police have recovered powder packed in paper and suspected to be heroin.
The six deceased include Rev. Fr. Mathew Das, Parish Priest of Barama Parish, Sr.
There is a difference between the deliverance from Egypt is physical, but the deliverance from Satan is spiritual and saves man for eternity.
Sohiong, Jymmang 8: The residents of Lenpdeng Shnong, Sohiong under the leadership of the Sordar, Bah Lilet Kharmyndai together with the village leaders have turned to the Mela venue to stop the Mela on Saturday. spirit of Sohiong market.
Bah Mawlong said that during the inspection of the documents regarding the “teem” shops, it was found that many Khasi shops have received the license related to Hynniewtrep. However, what the party does not like is that some Khasi come here and change their names.
This is the hard work of the missionaries to bring light to this country until now.
On the 16th, Thangbuli YSWC will play against Man I Bha SC at 2.30 pm.
The WAM has announced that it will send two wrestlers to compete in two categories – belt wrestling and freestyle wrestling.
Suyono, a leader in the village, said those assigned to dig graves were tired because of the high number of deaths these days.
On the 17th of May, the village authority held another meeting and at this meeting the dorbar decided to give this public explanation.
Shillong, Jymmang 18 : The Union Minister of State for Rural Development and Panchayati Raj, Giriraj Singh, on Tuesday visited the ICAR Complex in Umiam. The North Eastern Region of India has stressed the need to research and produce more fertile seeds to avoid food shortages as India is facing the threat of food shortages due to the increase in its population.
The handover ceremony was attended by Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang Constituency, Bah Victor Rani, MDC Jirang, Fr ​​Peter Syiemlieh, Spiritual Director of the Union and others.
Political parties fight as hard as they can to win their candidates.
The march started from Bhoirymbong C&RD Block through Bhoirymbong Market and ended at the same place.
“This year the first phase should be implemented because the requirements such as NOCs from district councils in many places to set up entry and exit points have already been received by the government. The requirements for the first phase of the entry and exit points have already been received from the district councils like Byrnihat, Malidor, Arongdonga and other places. , which the Sengbhalang have met from time to time with the Government.
We have taken measures to ensure that there will never be an increase in prices just because of the delay," he said.
In this regard, Bah Banshai Marbaniang said that many schools are facing difficulties in providing the salaries of teachers due to the non-payment of school fees by the parents of the students.
Hindu devotees from around Jowai and other neighboring villages including parents, youth and children have taken part in the Durga Puja from the beginning at the Shiv Mandir. in the field.
The strike will last for three days and if the government does not do anything within these three days they will think again and hold an indefinite strike. and their children shall be gathered together.
Shillong, Naitung 15: FKJGP President Joe Marwein and KSU President Auguster Jyrwa today left for Lumdiengjri Police Station after being summoned by the Lumdiengjri Police Station. I went to the police station.
“The first meeting of these two councils will be held soon,” said the CEM of KHADC. Shillong, July 21: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, today said that he has proposed to the CEM of Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC). The boundary between these two Autonomous District Councils (ADCs).
Name: Carmel Fedrick Phone Number:-
Therefore, the union strongly opposes such an act and demands that the DM&HO, the Director's office and the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District should immediately take action against this. so that the young voters of the district will have the opportunity to vote and compete.
The Court also said that the Committee does not accept the demands of the district authorities regarding the coal mining at Mindihati.
It is alleged that the district authorities have taken stingy on this issue and have prompted the Assam government to try to invade the area from time to time.
On Friday, 42 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed, while 82 recoveries have been made in the state.
The Minister met face to face with several beneficiaries and asked them about the benefits they receive from the schemes and also the challenges they face in receiving these benefits.
However, the intention of the French cannot divide the Jaitbynriew because we have a strong and well-founded kur census because the French cannot separate the kur relationship between the Chalam from Pnar, Shabong from Khynriam and Mukhim from War, Laloo from Pnar, Lamin from War and Diengdoh from Khynriam are also Shikur, many other Kurs from all over the Bri U Hynniewtrep are still Shikur.
Organizing secretary: Peter Ram Sutnga.
The one-day training was sponsored by the office of the District Planning Officer, West Jaintia Hills District and the training was conducted by experts from KVK Jowai.
The Association is responsible for the development of these four villages and also runs a school in Mukhaialong, known as San Shnong Secondary School.
Supporting the development of participation, He spoke and suggested the introduction of monthly training along with monthly participation in Anganwadi Centers (AWC).
As part of the Christmas greetings to the residents of 17 North Shillong, NPP candidate Bah Ransom Sutnga held a Christmas greeting meeting at the NPP office on 12th November in Nongmali. .
Mawthadraishan, March 13: Chimarlok Production Channel will release a music video on 14/10/2022 at 5 pm. The Music Video is titled 'Pawkcha' which is a Love Song.
“Many of these states have many BJP people. We should understand that the elections in the states have been fought on issues that belong to any region.
Arlin DkharSmt.
However, he said the state police have taken all the necessary steps to complete the case and send it to the court for further investigation.
Where will the youth of Hynniew-Trep go? We have seen since the beginning of the State of Meghalaya until now the corruption and deceit of our Garo friends and they have hated and hated us the children of Hynniew-Trep. for we are more in knowledge and education than they.
While other Bangladeshi officials were entering the Custom office to complete all the requirements before entering the country, their official who arrived earlier went ahead and said more He urged the FBCCI to hold a meeting in Shillong and soon the journalists had the opportunity to talk to him to find out why his FBCCI team came to Shillong.
KSU San Shnong Unit and KSU Jowai Unit on the 21st of this month distributed food items to the residents as part of their support after they had to stay at home due to the COVID-19 lockdown.
He also informed that the second restructuring of the Elka Administrative will include the names of the Youth Association, Women's Association, Social Vigilance Committee, Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Dong to collect the names of each resident. and those who came out did the same.
“I will convene a meeting of the officers of the department to discuss this issue, if necessary to lift the ban on recruitment in the department,” he said.
“It is not easy to bring in this Center and there are many challenges to face” and all this is through my love for the people, said Muksor.
“The insurgent groups in this area have received training, training and advice like the insurgent groups in Garo Hills such as the Achik National Volunteers Council (ANVC) and the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA),” the report said. .
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma on Thursday distributed checks to various cooperative societies of Khasi and Jaintia Hills at a function held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong in the presence of the Minister. Department of AH & Veterinary, Bah Sanbor Shullai, Principal Secretary, AH & Veterinary, GHP Raju and Commissioner & Secretary, Dr Vijay Kumar.
Shilong, Naiwieng 15: The road is the source of income for any village and area but the road dug in Mawlai village to install water pipes has been a pity and a loss. Mawlai Petrol Pump to FCI has been affected by the flooding.
The Act is currently in force in three states of the region including Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland and Mizoram.
The Governor said that the RBI will once again reaffirm its commitment to maintain price stability and financial stability so that our economy can grow.
Amazing Kurbah said that if Samlin Malngiang really has the power, he should not contest the election.
“We have arrested 7 persons and arrested 4 persons suspected of involvement in the petrol bomb blast at the MPSC office,” said the SP. caught another one who paid them money.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government has had to relocate its Covid testing center from Byrnihat due to the pressure of the Assam government.
The Seng also urged the District Administration to strengthen the security forces and that the Police Department should work together with the Youth Associations and Dorbar Shnongs to eradicate the spread of drugs.
He said that at the beginning of this project, it faced many difficulties but it has been completed and reached the goal as it appears now.
“Although the Congress leaders, who have taken over the post in this mid-term election, have worked hard, the defeat is because the people from the party themselves have taken over the Congress. “I don't have a mid-term election,” he added.
The General Secretary of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Ranikor Constituency, Bah Manstudy Nongrem, on Tuesday announced his decision to join the BJP with former MLA Martin M Danggo.
He said that the HSPDP is the oldest party in the state which has a strong foundation in its work and has produced many leaders in the state who also work for the indigenous people. The state is now in grave danger that the villagers do not own the land and resources. For example, many mineral resources are illegally transported such as coal, stone, shyiap and other necessities. This is unacceptable because the mineral resources produced in the country have been illegally counted.
The Lei-longspah has many hands, as if her whole body were made up of hands.
– Former Rev. K. Langrin.
They are Grace Mary Kharpuri, who will contest as an independent candidate, Batyngshan Laitmon Ryngnga, who will contest as the Congress candidate, Joshua Warjri, who will contest as the BJP candidate; These candidates filed their nomination papers before L Kynjing, District Election Officer, who is in charge of the mid-term elections in Shella.
“The village will think carefully to send the youth to be trained in computer skills so that they can benefit from the various schemes of the government which is now known as Digital India.
He said that he will continue to work hard to participate especially at the National Level.
“This meeting will consider and select the candidate and send it to the All India Congress Committee for approval,” said the Working President of the MPCC. The ticket is not available because all 3 people are eligible.
Shillong, November 02: Mollamylliang Village in East Jaintia Hills has recently been selected as the Cleanest Village at the Conference of 45 Countries of the World held in Mumbai.
Shillong, Naitung 4: In an attempt to preserve the old songs of the past, Jingkieng Ksiar Production (JKP) in which the famous singer of the people Bah Rana Kharkongor and four others have taken the This is the first step towards the establishment of the JKFC.
“It is now clear that the trade in coal is illegal, and on the other hand, the trade in coal has been illegally collected by those people who claim to be the people of to high level.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Teacher's Training Center at Sohra has been running for 145 years and is run by the KJP Assembly.
The death of a BJP leader in Purba Medinipur in West Bengal has sparked unrest in the state after the BJP alleged that he was killed by members of the Trinamool Congress. The ruling TMC has confirmed that all these allegations are groundless.
In the area, even mobile phones have to use SIM cards and networks from Bangladesh and many people have to go for treatment in Bangladesh because of the distance to the country and the places of treatment. The leaders of these two organizations said that the state has taken care of the road.
He knows only Shillong but he doesn't know anything about other parts of Meghalaya”.
Shillong: The Miss Shillong Selfie Contest 2020 will be held live on Lelangki Cable TV Channel on the 13th of November by 7 o'clock tonight.
Here the plan of the Lord is that He has set us free so that if we know Him we should be proud. Why does He set us free like this because once a person who has known God does not make mistakes in any way.
The Palestinian struggle is a struggle for self-determination and the world must support it.
The BSF has launched the search operation after seizing automatic weapons such as rifles and pistols in Garo Hills. The ANVC has been defeated from the ground up after its Chairman was arrested and after his release he did not join the party.
The partnership with ECHO-India will accelerate the strengthening and training of existing capacity.
Regarding the hope of this group, Bah Tiklu, Bah Wallambok, who himself is one of the most trained climbers in such a field, said that in such a field, In the present case, he himself relies on his friends who have been involved in the group to go and rescue this group.
The Minister said India firmly believes that all countries should understand that changes in the electricity sector will bring opportunities and challenges to developing countries and the Western Hemisphere.
Teachers and students of Demthring Presbyterian Secondary School and Sohmynting Secondary School were also present on the occasion.
When our policemen went on duty in Chhattisgarh they received T.600/- per day, why are we here in West Bengal only T.150/- per day? Where are our leaders,” said a reliable source.
It may be recalled that in the past years, the KHADC after decades of sleep, in which many experts said it was better to abolish, but it has reappeared through the issuance of trade licenses in These years and many people say that if it rules for only 5 years, the market will be clean and as it is now, these things have remained only memories and some of the leaders or Concern Citizens have written again to say that The functioning of the District Council as it is now should be abolished.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the East Jaintia National Council, Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh, said that the party has received complaints that there are many trucks coming from abroad carrying coal to them. The union has seized a truck belonging to Star Cement and after examining the documents, it was found that the documents were not sufficient. What is surprising is that these coal miners from abroad have not followed the SOP or notification issued by the Ministry of Mining and Geology on 8th November It is clear that any goods such as coal or any imported goods must obtain approval from the Department of Mining and Geology and after that they must also verify the documents and must “It was also necessary to have a seal and signature from the DMR department, but when we checked the documents, the vehicle did not have them,” said Sambormi Lyngdoh.
The appointment of Ministers by the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma in the MDA 2.0 government is very different from that in the MDA 1.0 government.
Those who attended the inauguration ceremony were Minister of Education Rakkam A Sangma, MLA Baghmara Kartush R Marak, MLA Baghmara. Amlarem & Chief Advisor to the State Government Ma Lakhmen Rymbui and Chief Secretary Bah DP Wahlang.
On the other hand, the relatives of Wanboklang Kurbah said that they do not want to conduct a post mortem as they have nothing suspicious.
Nongpoh, July 13: “The truths of any nation are clear during the elections” said Dr. Fabian Lyngdoh, one of the citizens of Meghalaya. to renew the leadership in the state which will be held in June
Annabel War, daughter of Bah (L) JM Jala as the chief guest, presented the trophy and cash prize of 30,000 tyngka to Phudmuri. The trophy and a cash prize of 20,000 tyngka were awarded to Motsyiar.
They are also great mentors and patient teachers.
According to sources, the Congress party in Mairang has two factions, one is the group of Dr. Eureka and Counsellor, while the other is the group of Boldness, Lambok, Lawan Pynshngaiñ and Lawrence Basaiawmoit was also among the three members of the group.
States and Union Territories have set up check points to ban the use of plastic bags, CPCB officials said. They include Plastic Sticks used to hold balloons, plastic flags, plastic bags used to hold ice-cream, plastic bags used to make decorations for parties, plastic plates, pela, klat, proh, shamoit, tari, drinks, food containers, snack boxes, invitation cards, cigarette boxes made of plastic and PVC banners under micron.
Farmers from Haryana, MP, UP and other parts of India have now flocked to Delhi to join the protest. of farmers.
JOWAI: The KSU Mynksan Unit in a statement sent by the General Secretary of the KSU Mynksan Garland S Manner, has expressed its dissatisfaction with the implementation of the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) in Mynksan village due to the large number of people. They have not been able to shondur even after waiting all day and they have finished their work all day because they have already called the villagers to come to shondur MHIS, the scheme to get assistance in case of illness.
“It will be similar to the Inner Line Permit, but the name will differ, but the procedure of the Permit will be the same. He must obtain a permit before entering from any place within the border of Meghalaya”.
They discussed the decision on the development of the state and the construction of the new dorbar hall, which is underway these days.
He said the Congress will not support the parties which have failed to give power to the people but it is only the Congress MLAs who have followed up on the demands of the people.
“The State is in the midst of unemployment, but it is unfortunate that the Government has declared it illegal for us who are trying to stand on our own feet by earning money,” said Kyntiew.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Central Body has urged all parents in Jaintia Hills not to encourage their children or children under the age of 12 years to send food to markets and public places during this time of fighting against and breaking the chain of coronavirus.
Training on the purpose of the Swachh Bharat Mission was given by H Iakai, Head Teacher Chilliangraij UPS SSA and O Shylla, Member School Managing Committee.
According to the KSU JHDU leaders, the KSU Lakadong Unit has come to Jowai many times to meet with the CEM to discuss the demand to change the name of the police station. Lad Lakadong Police Out Post instead of Lakadong Police Out Post, but this plan of theirs has failed because the CEM has refused to talk to them. .
At present, these matters are under preparation and after that, they will be sent to the Government.
There are many other greater benefits that we can receive from it.
Makri said that the district authorities should clarify not to register Aadhar or NPR. He said that the party has strongly opposed the NPR in Ri Bhoi District due to the lack of public explanation on the issue. the purpose and purpose of this NPR through the ADHAAR card.
Commissioner & Secretary Excise Sanjay Goyal said that the revenue collection of the department in the last five years has reached T.1200 crore.
SHILLONG: A delegation from Punjab led by Chief Minister Sukhjinder Singh Randhawa as Chairman of the High Level Delegation and Jasbir Singh Gill as MP from Punjab today met with the Minister of State for Home Affairs. They expressed their confidence in the work of the state government in the Sweeper's Colony and Iewmawlong to resolve this issue.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, has expressed his surprise over the notification that non-Khasi husbands can get Schedule Tribe Certificates.
“Only those who have a spirit of determination and perseverance will reach the goal of victory,” said Bah Staising.
?" Lanosha asked. “How do you say...?" Bah Deng said, “I'm sorry Bah Deng that this has happened in my life...” She said, “Yes, don't worry about that... Do you remember that I told you that in the office? “I don't know why, but I'm sure it's because I'm sorry,” said Bah Deng. “In that conversation, Lano tried to argue and expressed her inexplicable sorrow.
The Minister also reminded that Meghalaya was created according to the provisions of Parliament, where the boundaries of Meghalaya are not yet fixed and temporary according to the existing law.
Shillong, Nailar 5: The public meeting of SSA teachers organized by AMSSASTA scheduled to be held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar Shillong on the 6th of this month will go ahead as scheduled. National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong at 11 pm at the National Dorbar Hall.
Sincerely, PassahEx HOD ElectronicsSt Edmund's College Shillong.
Those who joined the BJP include Khorus Marak, NCP MDC Righteous Sangma, Independent MDC Seiful Rehman and former Umroi MDC Field Marshal Mawphniang.
Shillong, November: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Nongkwar unit today distributed Christmas gifts to 50 women of Mawlai Nongkwar village.
These problems will always exist but they will not happen now, it is not a threat but I feel that after 4-5 years when they go to renew their recognition, I am sure this rule will happen and the question “It will also come out at that time,” Sangma said in an interview with the media.
Tynsong said that at the meeting of the Regional Committee, the position of Meghalaya on the Khasi villages has already been explained.
“We have received many complaints from the children of this area that they have not received their food allowance,” he said.
Shillong, Lber 02: “God has answered our prayer”.
The Laban-Mawprem Constituency has no MDCs after the resignation of Bah Sanbor Shullai from the post after the government implemented the Prevention of Disqualification of MLAs Act,
He said that Bodoland and Karbi Anglong are now peaceful areas and also in terms of border disputes with other states of the North East, The jyrwit jyrwat related to the boundary clearance works have been removed.
According to MeCEL, they will be able to restore the power until tomorrow as they will bring in a new transformer after the old one burst out yesterday.
Meanwhile, in November 2022, two Russian businessmen were killed in a suicide bombing, which was also claimed by a terrorist group. Farmers in Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh have demanded adequate compensation for the damage to crops caused by heavy rains and cold.
He said the need to strengthen the NDPS Act is to empower the police as at present it is the law of the central government and there are many rules that prevent the police from doing what is necessary.
“This is the third meeting and we are grateful to the ksiang of the state government as well as the national government, for their presence in this meeting,” he said.
According to the Mawkyrwat Village Council, the Sangjaiñ Shnong Mawkyrwat has been handed over to the Seng Samla Shnong Mawkyrwat to manage the site. the guard who is also the cleaner of the sanctuary.
The purpose of this visit should be to bring a sense of ownership and ownership among the women in relation to water related resources.
On this occasion, the former Principal of Shillong College, Kong MPR Lyngdoh, blessed the SBUK members, relatives of the members, including the KHADC Chairperson Teilinia Thangkhiew, Principal of St Edmund's College Dr Sylvanus Lamare, Lawyer W Humphrey D Syngkon, College Teacher Prof SS Majaw and other dignitaries and family members of the members of the KHADC. SBUK who died.
The Acting Syiem of Nongspung Hima, has visited the area to block the construction of the road and this is a very appropriate sign, as the Hima, is different from the state. and therefore, the owner of the land, shall know or give permission, if there is any development or even destruction work on his land and therefore, if it is the land of the Hima. , but without fail, there may be other land owners, if it is not a Ri Raid and therefore, there must be permission before using the land of a private person.
The accident occurred between a Maruti Swift Dzire coming from Jowai and a government vehicle Mahindra Scorpio. One of the occupants of the Maruti Swift was killed and several others were injured.
And the Governor has done what is right by rejecting the government's proposal.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 29: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has held its Executive Committee (EC) meeting on the 18th of this month at the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Mathew Pajat, Vice-President, has been appointed as the Emergency Fund Committee (EFC).
Listen marwein.
Besides Shibun, the BJP has elected David Kharsati as its General Secretary and Pramod Koch as its General Secretary.
In the afternoon service which was conducted by Marki Passah and the message was delivered by Rev.Sowat Laloo on the theme “Keep your faith, keep your joy”.
Micky Malngiang scored the first goal for Sohiong in the 60th minute.
However, as the days and years have passed, with the increased need for land and forests for development purposes, the price of forest land has increased and thus in this country as elsewhere , there was a strong demand for land and forests and the price rose suddenly and steadily.
Shillong, Nailar 07: After many residents of Dangar Dop and Lalpani villages on the Bangladesh border have lodged a complaint regarding the smuggling of Bangladeshis. Mawsynram MLA Himalaya M Shangpliang has appealed to the Superintendent of Police (SP), Deputy Commissioner (DC) and other departments to provide protection to these residents. .
At the same time, he said that regarding the extension of the term of KHADC and JHADC, the government has not yet received the report from the preparation of the village development of the constituencies.
Such builders should not be arrested, and should be warned so that they do not dare to take over the tribals.
New Delhi: Parliament today passed a law on the voluntary use of Aadhaar as proof of account to open a bank account and to get a mobile phone.
In the first match between MLP Veteran and Malki Taxi Association, MLP Veteran won by 7 goals to none. Monshonroy Lyngdoh and Andrew War scored two goals each while G.M. Umlong, Prodensen Sangma and Sunshine Pathaw of MLP Veteran scored 10 goals each.
Otherwise, how can these people dare to come and cross the border when the Regional Committees on Border Dispute, appointed by the two governments, have not even started inspecting the areas.
But I also have that fear because I have never had confidence before.
The group leader said that the sudden appearance of these buildings near the river especially on the border between Nongrimbah and Nongrim Hills, Shillong has raised many question marks, even after the The High Court of Meghalaya has passed a Standing Order on the PIL No.10 of
When will that day come? Don't put these question marks.
Explaining more about the problem at the school , Double said that there was an MC from LenPdengshnong , but after the MC left , he alleged that He said that during the meeting, there was also a discussion on the boundary of the village. The Lyngdoh did not allow them to appoint MCs without any limits, but he said that at that time the SDEO immediately adjourned the meeting without allowing further discussion.
The Indian Red Cross Society (IRCS) West Jaintia Hills Unit on Saturday launched a Humanitarian Aid Program by distributing blankets and personal hygiene kits. site in front of Mookyndur Secondary School.
Half an hour later, Batskhem scored the second goal in the 36th minute to take a 2-0 lead in the first half.
It can happen occasionally, severely painful stomach problems, stomach problems from a long journey or in the middle of age.
At the same time, the Church invites all the brothers and sisters from different churches and other churches to attend this service and receive the blessings of the Lord.
Those interested in applying for this position should send their application to: Rotational Association of Meghalaya_RAM@tutanota.com.
“We strongly condemn the statement of Bah Lyngdoh,” he said.
“We haven’t changed things, but we’ve just done things differently and that’s one example of how we can do even better and we don’t need to try to emulate other states or other countries but we “We already have the light within us and what we need is to ensure that we shine and to allow it to shine outside and to encourage our people,” he said.
However, they left the Assembly while the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, was preparing to respond to the general discussion of the Budget Session.
The case was filed by the NIA in January 2017, in connection with their involvement with Pakistani militant groups such as the Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT), JKLF, and Jaish-e- Mohammad (JeM) in which they have been involved in many attacks and attacks against civilians and security forces in Jammu & Kashmir.
Biam, although he has not yet announced in a statement, but from the information received from Nangbah, it is understood that he will contest the MDC election 2019 and it is not known from which party he will contest. He will contest as an independent candidate from the Nangbah MDC Constituency.
“Our Jaidbynriew needs leaders who are firm in the foundation and truth,” he said, expressing the hope that the party will undoubtedly be able to elect more firm leaders in this election. to come.
KP Pangniang said the party is grateful to the state government for issuing a notification to implement the Roster System from now on and at the same time to remove the rules allowed for Garo. from other states to apply, in the case of Garo from Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) today surrendered its weapons in North Garo Hills. Roshan Warjri in the presence of DGP Rajiv Mehta and others at the Shillong Police Headquarters.
What is important for farmers to know is that if they plant two different varieties of riewhadem nearby, those riewhadem can interbreed and thus the seeds that come from that interbreeding will be crossbred, and the children can be of many kinds.
“He threatened and shot me while I was trying to protect my daughter, so on July 12, 2023 I lodged a complaint with Khliehriat Women Police,” said the mother.
He also distributed 5,000 tyngka to the people.
NPP President Dr. WR Kharlukhi has admitted that the contest in the MDC elections will be between the NPP and UDP in Jaintia Hills while in Khasi Hills there will be some constituencies where the VPP will not contest. .
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 28: Lai-ngut Chidus Football Team has become one of the winners of the Nonglang Super League Football Tournament 2022-2 Nonglang Sports Club FC beat Rangkynsai FT 1-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
We received T.600 crore initially and we are one of the few states that have completed it within 2022-2023 and now we have received another T.300 crore,” he said.
Others who attended the meeting included Nini W Sungoh, Finance Secretary EJNC-CEC, Sakilan Chyrmang, President EJNC-Sumer Circle and Kitborlang Dkhar, President EJNC-CEC. The Office Bearers of the EJNC – Eastern Border Area Unit are as follows,
“I believe that I will be able to accomplish what has been assigned to me for the benefit of the people of the state,” said Bah Warjri.
The Lamphang also expressed his gratitude to the Minister of Community and Rural Department, Bah Hamletson Dohling for his initiative in this regard, which has been allocated 2 crore 88 lakh tyngka. start implementing soon.
After the departure of the doctor from the meeting, many of the supporters said that there is no point in holding the meeting and there is no point in supporting the candidate who has already won the Congress ticket. The doctor didn't want to enter the hall but he stood outside so his supporters said, “Doctor, please. Think about us where we are going and they also said that if you don't stand now 2018 is over.
“There is a huge vacancy in the number of leaders, I have to come forward to encourage myself to show the number of leaders,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh. yesterday.
Khliehriat, July 12: The Managing Director of Star Cement, Prem Kr.
The deadline for those who wish to demolish these houses is to register before 8th March
On the evening of the 22nd after the body of 'Ñi Lam was brought, I went to his residence in Mawlai Mawtawar (along with my fellow journalists Bah Powell, Martin, Daia and Sanjib). The daughter of 'Ñi Lam said that after eating, she fell asleep but suddenly she felt sick and the child woke up to take medicine and after that she fell asleep again and suddenly she was surprised again. He said that he was too sick and had to go to the hospital so he got up and put on his clothes (he prepared himself) to go to the hospital but as soon as he received it he collapsed and cried and they took him to the hospital. but in the middle of the road he died.
He urged the banks to rectify these mistakes at the earliest.
They were rich in every way and cannot be mentioned here because God has spoken and will fulfill His word and it will not go empty.
When a person speaks of 'eit Ksuid' (money), the truth is silent.
Lano “I'm not here now.
He studied Philosophy at Christ King College, Laitumkhrah and Theology at Oriental Theological College, Mawlai.
Shillong: In the last match of Sawmer SC against Nongthymmai SC, it was a thrilling result for the team. Nongthymmai beat Nongthymmai 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament at the SSA Polo Stadium.
However, in the midst of all this, life threatening is preventable - knowledge of the warning signs and symptoms of illness, can take the necessary steps on the potential danger and can be prevented on this shocking and sad incident.
This is not the first time that the Sports Department of the state has turned a blind eye to Nongstoiñ.
On the part of the organizers of the festival, they said that the festival gives an opportunity to the residents to unite and join hands to celebrate it.
The cutter, identified as Vijay, cut off Maresh's throat and drank the blood from his body, just because he suspected that he had a secret relationship with his wife. his.
One is how the children should strive as much as they can to reach the top in the field of sports if they want to survive in this field, that is not just to play bangja as the saying goes.
:The Khasi song “Dur bhabriew” has been released on the 19th of June
Sikkim continued to score 59/2 and increased their score to 247 for 28 runs.
Charles also criticized the National People's Party (NPP) for alleging that the WE and MYE Card schemes are Baki Card, saying that in West Bengal too these schemes are working and working well. The AITC will do the same in Meghalaya if it comes to power after the elections.
Senebi has won a gold and two silver medals at the 45th National Arm Wrestling Championship 2023 in Jammu & Kashmir.
Jowai: The District Administration, West Jaintia Hills District today, including the Chief Magistrate, Police and officials of the Jowai Municipal Board, have driven out the vendors on the sidewalks along the sidewalks of Iawmusiang, Jowai. .
The KSU NKHD Unit will oppose the infiltration of these robbers because it has seen with its own eyes that many places in the city have been robbed and attacked by neighboring Khasi villages. There are also areas where the village authorities have to interact with the army as witnessed in Lawsohtun, Mawpat, Mawshubuit, Them Basuk and Laitkor which are villages near the army camps. .
Three Myanmar citizens and two Tripura citizens have been arrested for possession of 9.782 kilograms (including 1,00,000 rounds of ammunition) of methamphetamine in Aizawl on Tuesday. , said a statement sent by the Excise and Narcotics Department of the state.
The price of petrol in Delhi is T.71.26 per litre, including tax of T.49.42 per litre, while diesel is T.69.39 per litre. The excise duty on petrol and diesel is T.48.09 per liter and the excise duty on petrol and diesel is 69 per cent.
The company also found that the villages affected are Nongjri, Nongkya and Umrnong due to the landslide in Wahumtrew which is the source of drinking water for these villages and other villages which have been affected by the landslide. The affected areas are Kdohumsiang, Khlieh Umtrew such as farmland and village roads.
Polington Khonglar, who was elected as the interim Rangbah Shnong, said that after his resignation, Boswell Khongthohrem promised to hand over the documents within two months. The former Rangbah Shnong of the village has not handed over them, so the village has lodged a complaint at Pynursla Police Station.
This is sad, unfortunate and speaks volumes about the intention and gravity of the situation.
The union said that if the number of passengers is only half, commercial vehicles can charge more, but if the number of passengers is as usual at all times, the fare should not be higher.
Shillong, July 12: The Central Agriculture University (CAU) Imphal, in the past few days, has dismissed seven employees suspected of being involved in the ethnic violence in Manipur. The Kuki people went to the College of Agriculture in Kyrdemkulai.
Sohiong is one of the 55 Assembly Constituencies allocated for the hill people of Meghalaya in the 70-member Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
Moodop Royal beat Mulang Ialong 6-5 in the tie-breaker after the first half.
Sarma said that those who are Muslims, Christians and Hindus should be as they are so that there will be no discrimination in the state.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The State Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs. The finals of the finals from these 12 Districts.
The Central Puja Committee (CPC) in Meghalaya has expressed its deep sorrow over the violence at Mahadev Khola on the 24th of this month and said that such an incident has never happened before.
The residences of the employees of the Survey of India office at Barik and the house of Bah R Kurbah, Mawlonghat, near the Punjabi Line, have also been sealed. The houses of Punoli Lyngdoh at Donoon Compound, the houses of Arjun Kumar Rai, Debu Sarkar and Mohon Biswa at Oxford Hills, Maxwelton Estate, Rilbong were also sealed. Raymond Cottage in Oakland and Mathura Compound in Jhalupara have been sealed. The house of Martian Mawthoh in Riat Bharat, Malki has been sealed. The Horju Roy Compound at the Jeep Stand was closed down.
Training was conducted at various fields by volunteers at the invitation of retired policemen.
Speaking to Rupang, Latiplang Kharkongor, MDC Nongthymmai, said that foreigners who sell land also need to obtain a Trading License from the KHADC or a Trading License. They are registered in accordance with the Trading by Non Tribal Act of the District Council.
“I also urge the district authorities to look into the matter because we have been facing many problems as residents since 2008 until now, especially to look into the issue of the company's spread of garbage to the villagers. village land, water, roads, farmland and also to look after the employment opportunities for the villagers to get jobs within the Amrit company which is located within the border. “It's the village,” said Bah Poila Pdang.
of Japan has become one of the most famous companies across India in the manufacture of various batteries.
“This petition is on the settlement of the border between Assam and Meghalaya, for the 18 villages under the Raid Nongtung, in the Hima Khyrim of Ri Bhoi District. Assam,” he said.
It also produces solid waste to the surrounding area where they are located to clean up the environment.
There is a need to re-divide the constituencies of the councils so that the voters can participate equally.
Speaking to media, Marngar said that the ethnic parties within the MDA government should express their views on the ILP issue. I'm just talking about the election campaign.
Up to 35 teams have participated in the tournament and they have been divided into 8 categories.
A 33-year-old childminder in Singapore has been arrested and sentenced to six months in prison after she raped one of her children. see, just because im asleep when she puts them to sleep.
I don't know why we are like this in the nation, is it for someone's own benefit?”, said Bah Metbah.
Lakmen said that District Councils should be able to find ways and means to address the problems of their employees. District Councils will have less revenue, as the areas under the District Councils and the areas under the Government are the same, but the State Government will fight as much as possible to release the share. it is for the District Councils in due course.
After staying for three months, some of them left Aurobindo Pharma to look for jobs elsewhere just to get food because they don't have any money.
Titostarwell Chyne, said that the letter of the union is groundless and has nothing to do with the court order, as the court order does not say to sit while I want to do whatever I want, but I have to follow the laws.
Shillong, Naitung 8: The MDCs of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held a special meeting to discuss the peace and order of the people living on the border between Meghalaya and Assam especially those living in The areas under Block II, which have often been harassed by the people of Assam as well as the Assam police.
For example, 26 members of the TMC in Pynursla have recently fled and joined the NPP through the NPYF.
He said that the Regional Committees of both the States have completed the work in these three areas – Langpih, Borduar and Deshdoomreah and will soon complete the demarcation.
The KSU congratulates the AAPSU for being able to help the Khasi stranded abroad as happened to those 9 Khasi who were beaten up in Bangalore.
There are small mountains but the most famous is Lum Dubir.
The Government of Meghalaya has organized this awarding ceremony for teachers across the state in recognition of their contribution in transforming the lives of school children.
So far, 7,947 borrowers from the State Bank of India have received loans worth T.204.91 crore and T.88.10 crore has been disbursed to 2,198 self-employed workers.
To preserve and develop these things that we have received from the ancients, so that others can know these colors of our Hynniewtrep land,” said Fr Mawrie.
Shillong, Nailar 07: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has opposed the allocation of two parts of the state allocation to the children of the employees of NEIGRHIMS. KSU Education Cell Bah Donald V Thabah said that they are surprised that the state has taken away up to two shares to give back to the children who work at NEIGRHIMS. shudder to the doctor.
He said that there are many great men in the world who are disabled, but they appear before the world by using the talents that God has given them. their.
When they reached the spot, the militants opened fire on the police who returned fire.
“The leadership of the state depends on the people and just because they cannot form a government does not mean that the party will disappear,” said the Congress leader who is also the Speaker of the House.
Speaking on the occasion of the 12th Anniversary of HANM, Shullai said that his constituency, which has 80% non-tribals and 20% tribals, is the general seat. Non-Khasis can also contest the election.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest, Bah Eslowel Kharbani, congratulated the Youth Association for organizing this programme. and those with disabilities in the village although on his part, he was able to help with these donations.
The government cannot increase the income of the people because even government employees are given a salary increase only once in 10 years.
“The Auxiliary Bishop of Aizawl, Most Rev. Joachim Walder, translating the Word of God into English, said, “As God has given us food to build the body, so He has given us the Eucharist. that it may be spiritual food that whoever hungers and thirsts may find full life if he turns to Jesus in the Holy Eucharist.
The objectives of the Swachh Bharat 2022 program are to conduct cleanliness in public places and houses in all districts of the country from 1-31 March 2022, including all sectors of society, government agencies, including PRIs and private groups, to bring awareness and pride among the citizens to keep our surroundings clean and pollution free.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Prof Rakesh Sinha pledged to donate T.50 lakh for the construction of a school building in Kongthong village and also donated Copper Momentos with the image of Narendra Modi. to 75 households.
It is worth mentioning that the MP built Kongthong village in 2019 and under his supervision, the village has received 200 garbage dumps, a sanitary pad machine and seven public toilets.
On Block 1 and Block 2, these politics, history and RL Singh Map will ensure the rights of the Jaintia people.
The relatives of the deceased have lodged a complaint against the suspect and the police have conducted a search operation in the area and arrested a suspect. Medius Mawlot was born in Mawcaton.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today held a meeting with the District Commandant of Home Guard (KSU) at Jaintia Hills District Unit. They went back to demand that the salaries of the Home Guard Volunteers who have worked in the past 186 days should be paid immediately. work to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in the District.
Where will colleges get books to provide in a short time especially for new subjects? Where is the time for teachers to prepare themselves to teach children in a short period of time especially new subjects? Where is the time to train teachers and college principals on how to set questions, how to conduct examinations especially in the Choice Based Credit System and the Academic Bank of Credit? Besides, the syllabuses of the classes from semester 3 to 8 have not been prepared yet.
During this season, foreign meat traders take advantage of the opportunity to enter the market to sell the meat imported from abroad and reduce the conditions for the local meat traders.
If you don't have electricity, it's difficult for the farmers to raise these chickens.
She said that about 41 crore poor people have applied for financial assistance worth T.52,608 crore through the PMGKP. On the other hand, the Minister of Finance said that the PMGKP has used technology to deposit funds. Direct Benefit Transfer to the bank account of the farmer.
The Chief Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, said that the reason for the meeting was after receiving a lot of information, that there is still a strong infiltration in these villages nearby. Assam and how much more when one of the elderly people from that area, has tested positive for COVID-1
The opening ceremony was attended by Ma Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Social Welfare, Revenue and Disaster Management in the presence of Ma Emlangky Lamare, Chief Guest.
Suraj Chettri tied 12 runs off 17 balls.
At present, the Assam Don Bosco University is striving to promote and produce “Academic Excellence, Research, Innovation and Social Commitment”. the aim is to improve their knowledge in all aspects.
The second phase will be for officers and engineers only.
This is the time when the people have the right to ask questions from the MLAs and other candidates to understand why they want to vote and how they intend to bring about development in the constituency.
Before the meeting of the Opposition at Dr. Don's house, a meeting was held between James K Sangma, NPP MLA and Ma Vincent Pala, Congress MP from Shillong Constituency. Ma Vincent's house in Nongrim Hills.
On Saturday (31/8/2019) there will be a training program and a meeting of all the Small Church Groups (KBB) of the Diocese of Jowai, followed by a Cultural Program which will include traditional dances, songs and There are also competitions from various Small Church Groups within the Diocese of Jowai.
When asked, one of the drivers said, “No one has gone to Guwahati”.
Although the two Prime Ministers have not yet decided when to start the border talks in the second phase to resolve the seven disputed areas, Bajop said, “Before we go to war, We have to be prepared because we don't want to take hasty decisions and that is why we have come today to meet and talk with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
When asked about the state government led by Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, Bah Syiem, who won twice from Mawsynram, said that the state government has not been able to provide adequate services. to the people.
If the state government is concerned to help the state owners especially the department in charge of the Prime Minister why doesn't it send all the applications to the central government as the land here belongs to the private sector.
However, in view of what has happened in the Legislative Assembly in the past few days and in the coming days, the Forum sees that there has been no firm conclusion on this issue. The present Government to suspend the casino and to repeal the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act
Meghalaya tried to use all nine bowlers to stop Manipur but managed to reach 98/3 in 27.2 overs.
509 vehicles were fined for parking in prohibited places, 172 for entering in prohibited places, 559 for driving without seat belts, 279 cases of driving without license, 19 cases of violation of permits and 49 cases of driving without helmet.
Shillong: The Shillong Traffic Authority has decided to ensure that there will be no traffic jam during the Hindu Puja celebrations this month. 'NO ENTRY' has been imposed in some parts of Shillong from 5th to 8th October,
In Ri Bhoi and West Khasi Hills District alone, in the last three years, there have been 23 cases of illegal trafficking, production or distribution of rnga.
“We the HYC have come here to congratulate you hep, you will get the help of God we are just helping as a small sign and we will pray for you, that you will have a healthy body that God will help you”, he said.
If your parents didn't love each other, then your parents wouldn't be here on earth and if your parents didn't love you, you wouldn't be here on earth.
High Fidelity and Shelly Lamin have entertained the audience with their beautiful songs.
The world's newspapers have reported in recent days on their speculation that Kim Jong-un is dead and there is a thorough investigation to find out whether this is true.
Therefore, most of the time a person does not receive it because his heart is not right before God.
In a statement, the union requests all the public to take their precious time on that day and to arrive at Madan Polo at 09:00 pm with the flags.
Before the cleanliness drive, a short meeting was held by the Social Secretary Samla Rap Kharbuli in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong and Secretary who praised the initiative taken by the party.
Jowai, June 19: The Tep Kyndait Government School, Tuber Kmaichnong on the 18th of this month held a rally rally on NH Road as part of the World No Tobacco Week. you drink less.
At the same time, he explained in detail some of the responsibilities of each group and stressed the need for cooperation between all groups.
It is at this time that the people have faced many difficulties in which many of them have been working in the morning to buy food for the night, who have lost their daily wages.
The musician, who played on all 24 Abba albums, died on Wednesday.
Lyngkhoi said he wants schools and colleges in the state to introduce music as one of the subjects, in order to revive the traditional culture. and that long before man before.
Jowai, Nailur 22: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma today announced the candidate for the 2023 Election from 4 Mowkaïaw Constituency. Habahun Dkhar, who is also the MDC of the 13th Saphai Constituency.
According to the Senate report, “The Wall Street Journal has published a report on corruption and bribery of an oil company to smuggle oil from the United States. that par.
The party has also directed the two MLAs to respect the decision and also Conrad on this.
In this regard, the MLA urged the children to pray so that God will show them His purpose for them.
In these days, after the outbreak of menaiksuid and menshohnoh in many places, Rupang today spoke to Fr Sngi to discuss this incident.
Regarding these issues raised by the MLA and NPP leaders, the Symbud Myntri Rangba promised to take action and especially regarding the proposal to repair the road from Umsning to Umsiang and also to improve the road. Mawhati PHC has been upgraded to CHC and the government will take action on these other issues.
According to the area of ​​Ri Khasi Jaintia which is 1500 sqkm out of 22340 sqkm, it means that the Khasi people still have a very small population of 3 lakh 82 thousand people living in the country. you are a Khasi.
If we think about this problem, many of us may benefit from seeking treatment.
This app offers the option of providing authentication.
The Scorpio was arrested by the police.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of free Khaw and Shana from the PMGKAY scheme for the month of November,
In his speech, Bah Marbud expressed his pleasure to take part in the 20th Anniversary of Chirst Church Morning School and congratulated the principal, teachers and staff.
Shillong, Jymmang 05 : Three MDCs from the Congress and UDP are preparing to join the National People's Party (NPP) as part of their preparations for the upcoming MDC elections. long ago.
He tested positive on the same day.
Shillong, Naitung 7: An ITBP Sub-Inspector, Dinesh Kumar, 46, has fallen from a tree at 10:15 pm on the 5th of this month. Aruna Chal is located in the Old Secretariat Building, Shillong.
All the speakers urged the residents as well as the parents to cooperate with various government departments, and urged the students to take part in their studies. of them so that they can reach the goal of success.
Although the government and the Chief Secretary have the responsibility to ensure that illegal coal mines should not operate, this has been delayed until the court had to hear itself, and after that, There have been many rules,” the High Court said.
Timmi Ryngkhlem scored 17 runs (3×4), D Bang 15 runs (2×6) and Sanki Pakyntein of Rising Star took three wickets in four overs.
After the death of several fish last month, this month, there has been a death of fish since Monday night and the residents of Sunapur area have seen hundreds of fish They were thrown into the water and as soon as they saw this, the villagers went down to the east side of the river to catch fish.
“Clearly, the party will stand firm to fight even if it reaches the point of arresting the leaders and members of the party,” said Bah Lambok. However, it will stand firm against the government if it uses force.
In a letter of support to the National People's Party (NPP), UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh said, “I congratulate your party for its support. the victory.
After the programme, a football match was played by the girls from different districts.
Shillong: The CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla, will contest the Lok Sabha MP elections this year.
Relax here on the couch and give me your attention.
In recent months, there has been a strong debate on the maternal inheritance which is no longer relevant to the times in which we live, so it is necessary to change it to the paternal inheritance.
Jowai: The Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12-Daloi, has strongly condemned the robbers who attacked the cemetery of Sengkhasi Maw Laingut, Lum Diengiei, East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Nailur 23 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the people should not misunderstand that the money given to the Producers Groups is money.
During the meeting of the boundary committee headed by Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, the discussion was the same.
Shillong, Naitung, 01: The Meghalaya Pradesh Trinamool Congress on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Cyber ​​Cell Police Station for spreading false news in the name of the National General Secretary of All India. Trinamool Congress and Abhishek Banerjee.
Police have recovered an AK Rifle and several GNLA documents from their residence. Police said that Kiljang Sangma, alias Jangjang, was involved in the shooting. Josbina M Sangma was arrested in Rajarongat in June
A mastieh song and dance performance was held at the closing ceremony at Jaiaw Lumpyllon with the Ri Khasi song.
They plant about 10 feet depending on the soil conditions and the type of crop.
Reduces noise in the home : Few people know that plants not only can reduce the impact of pollution but can also reduce excessive noise inside the home.
“Although the department cannot cut all the transformers at once, we have sent to cut those transformers which are in danger first,” he said.
Daniel 9:20-26.
The program was held at the Dorbar Hall of Sabahmuswang Village, Thadlaskeiñ Block, West Jaintia Hills District on the 14th of this month. Reserve Bank of India, Shillong in the presence of BDO Thadlaskeiñ, DDM and other government officials.
ADC.& P.D.DRDA,.
Two people were killed in the incident, including the imam of a Muslim mosque and two home guards.
He denied the allegation that he is a member of Bah HDR Lyngdoh but he joined the UDP party with the spirit of serving the people.
There is no love, no joy in the village.
Furthermore, the conduct of this program inside the school and in the village encourages the parents to take responsibility for their children and also the teachers to work hard and bring about change in the school. and in the whole city.
“We have seen that the government has always said that if the Reservation Policy is changed, it will cause any unpleasant consequences because it will affect the Khasi and Garo but this Bill of Bah Adelbert will not affect any ethnic group. “Those who pass better can go to school if they are Khasi or Garo,” he said.
Shillong: Up to 10.72 lakh tyngka has been seized by the district administration in East Jaintia Hills district ahead of the Assembly elections in Meghalaya.
In 2009-2013, the access to medicines increased from 61% to 65%, which means an increase of 1% per year.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Pyntngen Dondor Nongrum, General Secretary, Seng Khasi Seng Kmie, said that the Shad Suk Mynsiem or Shad Ainguh of the Khasi people was held for three days from the 10th of this month to Today is the day of joy, the day of joy.
He said the investigation should include environmental experts from North Eastern Hills University and RG IIM Shillong.
The Rangbah Shnongs who spoke at the meeting, expressed their strong opposition to the action of the Mukul Sangma government.
Shillong, Lber 23 : U Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh on Tuesday inspected the construction of the JN Stadium, Shillong.
Bandari Ryntathiang said that during his visit to Umlaper Village, he was surprised to see that many major development projects have been brought by Assam including the Stadium and Indoor Stadiums. The Meghalaya government has not been able to bring about the same development projects as Assam.
During the presentation of their views and reasons in the court, counsel for the complainants P. Sharma and Advocate General A. Kumar expressed their views. They shall bring their judgments before the judge of honour.
There were also some who came and talked," he said.
The four Bangladeshis were identified as Bhar Uddin, 46, Kamil Ahmed, 28, Koyson Ahmed,
In the same way, the Jaintia is more prominent than the Pnar in the name of the Hynniewtrep Ynñiawwasa people.
The union also said that it cannot take responsibility if the government does not open those roads that can bring peace.
In 2016, a survey conducted by the Bank of America showed that more than 96% of young people who use phones said that smartphones are very important to them, and that they are more important than phones. Your brut shut your bniat.
They said that the government and the police department are afraid that those youths will misuse them, so the Sur of Mawlai urges those who take the weapons to come forward and report. return the items and it will be on a confidential and anonymous basis we will only go and collect the items from them.
Kachhi Police Chief Mehmood Notezai said that on receiving information about the incident, a team of police and fire brigade rushed to the scene and found the victims. All the injured were taken to the Combined Military Hospital in Sibi.
The death toll has risen to 853 today, bringing the total to 37,3
The JSU to spread the message on the importance of cleanliness in War Jaintia has distributed garbage bags to the public at Dawki, Darang and Shnongpdeng, Krangsuri Valley in Amlarem, Krem Pubon. The JSU has demanded that the government should implement the District Mineral Fund in the areas affected by the mining of coal in Ri War Jaintia.
It is alleged that this politics and exploitation is one of the reasons why the workers are destroyed because many are not afraid even if they are complained because they have bosses to protect them. .
“Bah Sawkmie also expressed his hope that he will continue to work hard and share his talents with other youth of the state.
Ferdinand Sayoo scored in the 17th minute and Riolanroy Suchiang in the 61st minute.
The President of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HNM), Bah Lamphrang Khatbani, has spoken on the issues that the government intends to introduce which are a serious threat to the country and the nation.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah KK Mawa Secretary PWD said that the road will be painted by connecting it to the PMGSY road which is still in good condition in the village. to beautify the city.
There was a mouth check and gift certificates were distributed to all those who participated in the programme.
Then when you equate, you don't have to love yourself.
During the investigation, he said that nothing was found and the EC has spoken to the management of Kad Lengsuin Umroi and found that there was no demand for money as reported in the media. the alleged extortion company also failed to appear amid the investigation.
At least 50 people were injured in the earthquake.
Such are the true and best teachers.
According to the JSU, the children in recent years have become slow to focus on their studies, sports and other areas of life.
“Bah Pyngrope said the State should have a group that can advise the Government on how to increase revenue collection so that it does not endanger the lives of the residents or the environment.
The Head of India explained that the rongsoh symbolizes the selfishness of the world and to focus only on one's true work; the white color shows the light as the way to righteousness, the truth that is not hidden; and the blue one represents the nature that comes from the earth to sustain all the living things on earth; Finally, the Ashoka Dharma Chakra is a symbol of righteousness and truth that should be preserved throughout the ages and that should shape the faith in our country.
The same is true in our state Assam.
Once upon a time, the students had to do something – something to express their feelings.
The school building was constructed with the support of the Supporting Human Capital Development and funded by the Asian Development Bank (ADB) at a cost of T. The Eklavya Model Residential School (EMRS) in Pahamsyiem Nongpoh has been allocated T.16 crore through the Ministry of Tribal Affairs for the year 2017-1 Riewlum School, which will be completed by
“If Science is taught in Khasi, it will be the easiest subject because the problem of the students in Meghalaya is the language because we have to study in a foreign language,” he said.
But when they had no more conscience when they committed sins, the spirit of the beast took control of them.
(iii) Jesus surrendered His soul to the Father.
These days, it has been seen that only food shops are available for the public, so many people are reluctant to eat these foods. 90% of these foods are found not to be cleaned. but they are determined how to earn and meet the demand of the people.
Details of the incident, said that the auto used by the robber to kidnap the teacher, was stolen at 4:30 pm from the area. Jerobad and the car belonged to Santosh Sangma.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The 39 primary units of the Congress party in Nongstoin have demanded that the MPCC President DD Lapang should dissolve the Nongstoin Block Congress Committee.
Regarding the corona testing, for those who go for self-treatment, it was said that it is in hospitals, where they can test for those who have suspected cases; However, it was reported that there is no order from the state government to test all those who have been admitted to hospitals in the state.
Before it can grow, the sky must be warmer and dry.
He said that just because of the presence of these dead cows in the area, some people have contracted Suhkpoh, Prie and Pynhiar diseases.
On the other hand, many of the people from Riwar Pynursla area who were affected by the cyclone in June this year have not received any assistance from the government despite the fact that it has been more than three months.
He said that all Catholics are sad when their loved ones die but they still have the hope that they will receive eternal rest in the kingdom of heaven and will rise again on the day. finally.
Shillong, July 9: The Laitkor Dorbar Pyllun today held its Dorbar and it was reported that it was different from other Dorbars that have been held in the past. The Chairman of the Laitkor Dorbar Pyllun, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, said that the meeting was attended by the Chairman of the Laitkor Dorbar Pyllun. who is also the MLA of Nongkrem.
I have found that the Rangbah Shnong of Upper Shillong has issued full citizenship certificates to Tibetans who have come to teach schools in India under the Foreign Act. Get a village certificate by paying 4 or 5 thousand rupees.
“Many of us live in hostels and rented houses.
“I feel that the decision of the High Court will not uphold the interests of the people as it is a violation of the personal freedom of the citizens,” he said.
He said that after his youth he became a member of the KSU and served as the Executive Member of the KSU South West Khasi Hills District during the tenure of Bah Samuel Jyrwa as President of the KSU. He was also one of the office bearers of the Langrin Youth Welfare Association (LYWA) which joined hands with the KSU to oppose the mining of uranium.
When asked whether he agrees that the Central Government should appoint Governors in the North East who speak English, Bah Paul said, “This is not the first time that the Governors in the North East should appoint those who speak English. The Governor will speak in Hindi in the House but it is the first time , but it would be nice to have Governors who can speak in a language that we can understand ".
However, for the Jews or Israelites, they had to receive it because according to the custom of their ancestors, it did not matter if they could sacrifice for only 3 and a half years.
The Rangbah Shnong of Nongrah, Bah B Pyngrope, said that the project has been completed since 30th November, and after the completion of the project, it has been closed. The robbers who had destroyed the enemy but fortunately because they had already covered it up, the damage was only slight.
The All Jaintia Poultry Traders Association (AJPTA), an association of poultry traders from Jaintia Hills which has been recognized or registered with the government, has held an emergency meeting in recent months to Discuss the challenges faced by wholesalers of broiler and layer chickens from time to time.
“The decline in income is somewhat encouraging and last quarter GDP fell to 5 per cent, which shows that we are in the midst of a long decline,” said Singh.
The incident happened on the 25th at 10 pm at Mynriang Thwai Shyrngan.
Nongpoh, Nailar 13: To commemorate the 3rd Anniversary of the Village Organization in Byrsiej Village, the Village Organization today held a The 3rd Anniversary of this group of women which includes the 11 Self Help Groups in this village.
Shillong, March 1: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (MIDC) has announced that it will hold a procession at the on March 30,
Therefore, those 13 mother tongues like Hindi, Kannada etc cannot knieh seat in university even if all of them are Central.
There is no difference between the two, but the same thought is true in Mookyndur.
The more you criticize Modi, the brighter and brighter the lotus flower will be.
“How can I do that without asking you before I leave home?
The IPAC, which is investigating the political situation in Meghalaya after the Congress riots, has met with Dr Helpme several times.
Although in the middle of the match, Mawkhar SC couldn't score and Malki SC couldn't score and won 2-0
In 2018, under the Nikshay Poshan Yojana Scheme, the Government has provided T.500 (five hundred tyngka) per month to all TB patients who have registered under the Nikshay until they complete the treatment. care.
Dr Nelson Khyriem gave a short speech on the topic “Child Rights and Health” by Dr Nelson Khyriem who emphasized on the impact of child marriage and to raise awareness on child marriage. Sex Education through schools and counseling centers to prevent the threat to the future of children.
Shanmuganathan was also criticized by political parties including Thma u Rangli (TUR) and CSWO who held a public meeting to condemn and strongly oppose the Governor's actions, and demanded his removal. him immediately.
“We need to invite everyone not only Himanta as Ronnie said who are against CAB and to liberate the entire tribal area,” said Martle.
“I have spoken to Sarbananda Sonowal to arrange for a discussion on the incident in Umwali as it is an issue that affects the peace and order on both sides,” he said.
Other teams in Group-A are Mizoram, Karnataka, Jharkhand and Maharashtra.
You will find that if you look for all the beliefs in this world, many of them are in the form of myth, not in truth.
In this regard, the union expresses its regret and surprise that recently it has been seen in the media that there is a clarification in the Assembly led by Bah Lakmen Rymbui, Minister of Education that government schools are safe. They are all in the rural areas, but what we have found is that they are markhongpong where there has been no census by the government of the schools in the rural areas.
“We are surprised that this does not happen, even after the money has been sent to the bank,” said Jata.
Shillong: The National Hynniewtrep People's Federation (NHPF) today came to protest against the appointment of foreigners, who are also motorcyclists. Chokidar has been appointed to the post of DMHO Lower Lachumiere.
He said that it is on this basis that the elders and the people of the area have decided to open a secondary school in order to improve education in the area. They will have many challenges in their efforts.
“The club has signed Ayush as part of the club's vision.
The 11 disciples also said the same thing to them.
Shillong, March 19: A young woman who works as a contractor in a house in Mylliem Madan Syiem's ​​house has given birth inside the paiñ-khana.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, President of the Seng, said that Meghalaya under the leadership of the MDA government, has fallen into various corruption and it is necessary to elect others. The party will not come to power in the 2023 MLA elections.
She also suggested that consultations be held among various groups on this issue.
On this occasion, there was also a tree planting ceremony and a visit to the site of the construction of the reservoir.
Jowai, Lber 25: The Office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of West Jaintia Hills District, today announced the new price of Sharak SKOil in the district.
The postnatal infants, in this study were aged between two and five years and were recruited for this study between 2003 and 2010.
In this regard, the NADC has urged the PHE department to expedite and act as soon as possible to complete the work so that the company can proceed with the construction.
The tournament was held as part of the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the Association which has marked the 50th anniversary of its service to the development of sports in the District.
He started working with The Times of India in Tripura.
In the final of the Mawkynrew Block (men), Mawkynrew SC beat Jongksha SC 1-0
The awards were presented by Padmanav Chakravarty, Regional Manufacturing Head, North East and other senior officers.
, so that he could release them.
Shillong, Nailur 10: U Bah Bindo M Lanong, Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and former MLA, today expressed his surprise at the actions of the HSPDP. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, u Conrad K Sangma, today invited all political parties.
He said that it would be helpful if the Government of Meghalaya would send a clear reply to the letter dated 18th November 2012, sent by the Ministry of Home Affairs, so that the Government of India can take action. which is necessary.
Mankind has changed its way of life from the ground up, from eating and drinking to producing garbage of all kinds which affects the health of the environment and all the three dozen creatures.
The day was filled with songs by the students.
In recent days, thousands of Muslims from Myanmar have fled around the country, many of them to Bangladesh and some to the borders of India. to get a place to hide.
Speaking on the occasion, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar, in a protest called by the Sur of the Mawlai people in front of the Woh Kiang Nongbah Monument, said: He said that the issue of Bah Cheristerfield will be one of the issues that they will fight for but we should not forget the issue of Inner Line Permit, the issue of border and the issue of Them. meters.
Dolphin has also served as the Rangbah Balang of the Catholic Church in Mawlai.
It is the responsibility of all the villages to think in their own villages, especially those villages which have hotels, guest houses, home stays and others to temporarily close the dam, and to set rules. the rung and the left of the strangers.
This road is the busiest highway to Dawki, Shillong and is also the road leading to Mawlynnong, one of the cleanest villages in Asia. tourists descended daily for a sightseeing tour.
Monica Chanda, Member, Academy of Music and Silbi Passah as the winner of the award.
Rupang has tried to get information from people who have been successful in the preaching work in India to find out whether this is true or not.
“There were many projects that were signed at that time, but it wasn't the right one that we cancelled.
Wahlang said the party has already selected four candidates to contest the mid-term MDC election and these candidates include Ioanis Lyngdoh who will contest from Mawthadraishan. Lambok Nongrang from Mairang and Kimfa Marbaniang from Rambrai Jyrngam.
However, when contacted by Moses Syngkli, Lyngdoh of Raid Umsawnongkharai, who attended the meeting, he said that he does not know about the acting of Bah Joseph, but we went to the meeting. The purpose of the meeting is to urge the people that if they do not approve of the Acting appointed by the KHADC, it would be better to hold a fresh election to get clarity. long as the Rangbah Shnong.
He said that this is the bill which all 60 MLAs have passed in the Legislative Assembly by a resolution which has been sent to the Central Government, but the government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma as The Prime Minister and NPP leader has not taken action to follow up on this and for that reason the ILP has not been implemented yet in Meghalaya.
The areas with the highest number of wrong side drivers and service lanes include Nongpoh, Mawdiangum, Bethany, DC Junction, Quinine and Lad Saiden. .
On the other hand, she said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma will meet with the members of ACHIK on the 24th of this month.
They have worked hard thop shi thop shi thop in their village, they have taken their syep la syar and some of them have taken their blood (in the form of puh as dain bakla), but besides the snow and ice, come looking for money, having to wait in line for hours.
These writings strongly emphasize from the Bible that this conflict is the fulfillment of prophecy and the second coming of Jesus Christ.
• Especially its bark has a powerful source of energy that can help our body because it contains an essential oil which has its own power and value in its own right. health.
Witnesses on the part of those who were shot dead in Mukroh were relatives of Klan Phawa, Ploda Sumer, Riskhem Myertem, Nidawan Dkhar and Rilis Nartiang, all women and four residents of Mukroh. Daman Bhoi, Paitlang Sumer, Bud Sumer and Plan Bhoi.
Police sources said that the clean-up of the landslide is ongoing and they have also provided assistance to the stranded passengers.
“As you know that the BJP is strongly opposed to any corruption and after the Lokayuta chargesheeted Boston Marak who is also the former CEM of GHADC, as the president of the Meghalaya BJP I announce that he has been suspended. immediately," said Ernest.
The WHO has also warned that dengue and other mosquito-borne diseases such as Chikungunya, Yellow fever and Zika are rapidly spreading. The severity of the disease this year is due to climate change.
The Khasi language will also be included in colleges and universities across India and those students who study abroad will be able to write examinations in their own language.
Nestar L Nonglait, 25, of Upper Shillong, Upper Shillong, was shot dead while waiting for a vehicle to go to 4.30 pm.
The MFA plans to extend the AFC Grassroots Day until 18th June by holding more matches.
In 1950, the Federation of States was established for Lushai, Naga, Non-Kachari, Garo and Khasi Karbi.
It was during these early years of her life as a religious that Sister Anne had the opportunity to study mathematics and science at the University of Cork in Northern Ireland.
“I have just received a letter two hours before the dorbar,” said Bah Latiplang and added that the letter did not mention anything to discuss.
These elders should gather together to resolve their issues and submit petitions before the Government or any governing body such as the District Council or the Dorbar Shnong.
Police have also tried to search for other parts of the body after finding the head, but have not found any other parts of the body except the head. .
He said that the people affected by this act of Assam have no choice but to appeal to the Assam Government for sympathy.
Prestone's statement came two days after the VPP received two show cause notices for attempts to disrupt the election campaign rallies of the National People's Party (NPP).
Comprehensive and multidisciplinary educationThe policy aims to have a comprehensive, multidisciplinary undergraduate education with free, comprehensive learning, access to subjects, integration of vocational education and income generation. You must have a certificate of authority.
The State Government in consultation with the PMO, Ministry of Home Affairs, DG Assam Rifles, Ministry of Civil Aviation and private airlines, has taken measures to provide safety to those arriving by plane from Imphal.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Olet Kharsahnoh congratulated and expressed his gratitude to the youth of the village. you can play beautifully.
Mawkyrwat, March 27: The District Election Officer (SWKHD) today released the Draft Election Roll for the 35th Ranikor (ST) and 36th Mawkyrwat (ST) Constituencies. ) Assembly Constituencies at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat in the presence of political parties of various groups.
“This is not because of the intimidation from the HNLC but the government will do its duty and work according to the proper procedures,” he added.
The prize money for the winners will be T.2 lakh, the runners-up T.80,000 and the third prize winners T.2 lakh. T.30,000 and a Consolation Prize. The prize money for the tournament is T.1000,0
Thombor said there are still some taxes that have to be negotiated with the government for the years 2014-15, 2015-16 and 2016-1
He urged the states of the North East to participate in the ongoing National Mission on Edible Oils.
Special thanks to the party office bearers who have worked tirelessly day and night.
Shillong: Nongkrem beat Lawsohtun 4-3 in the U-18 SPL of SSA at Polo Ground today.
Speaking to Rupang, some of the youths who went to apply for jobs at the office said that they just applied for the candidate application form which was announced publicly and at the same time they said that they don't have enough. the hope of getting this job.
During the inspection, the Rangbah Shnong of Sohkhwai, Bah Turban Lyngdoh, who is also one of the members of the Union of Village Authorities of 10 neighboring villages, spoke to the Rangbah Shnong of Sohkhwai. bridge.
The shooting competitions include 10m Rifles & Pistol, 25m Pistol, 50m Rifle Open Sight & Peep Sight and 50m Pistol for men and women.
How shall we fight? Une 2023 is coming but you don't have to worry about anything else.
“This situation requires an independent investigation to investigate the crimes of the people in power in the state to misuse the scheme for the benefit of the people. their wishes by uniting the people"
South Garo Hills 3185 cases, West Garo Hills 7562, West Khasi Hills 9475, North Garo Hills 7546, East Jaintia Hills 11350, South West Khasi Hills 4640 and South West Garo Hills
We are really surprised by the talent that has emerged, and are fortunate that we have been able to showcase these talents.
She also announced that there will be a public meeting (the date has not been announced) to condemn the incident and to demand life imprisonment for these robbers.
“As a young man who has a spirit of knowledge, he doesn't feel sad anymore and he accepts it with peace of mind and on his part, he wants it not to happen again especially to the stupid people who walk and stand. It is also an example to other policemen not to misuse the law especially when they have drunk and eaten because it is a threat to the public and the actions of one or two will make a name for themselves. Shillong, Nailur 26: The UDP has demanded the appointment of the CEM of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (KSU) Shillong, Nailur 26: Ardent M Basaiawmoit, a group of farmers turned to the District Council to protest against this demand and expressed their desire that Bah Ardent should remain as CEM of KHADC. sien has District council.
These LGBTQ people today marched from Iewrynghep Square to Don Bosco and returned to Iewrynghep Square. to celebrate after the Supreme Court of the country, has repealed sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) 377, recognizing these groups in society.
Therefore, she requests the public to support the film when it is released at Bijou Cinema Shillong.
The Chief Minister said that so far, the total amount of taxes that the people have not paid to the government has reached T.152.92 crore.
The Rangbah Shnongs had to ask for time after hearing the explanation of the Sengbhalang on the laws they have sent to the government to curb the entry of foreigners.
At the same time, it should be possible to provide as clearly as possible the meaning of the language, so that those who read, write or speak the language will understand.
“From now on, we warn the public to stop taking part in Independence Day or Republic Day because now we will blow up bombs in unexpected places and if there is anything. The HNLC said in a statement that on Tuesday night, police have arrested three members of the HNLC and One ULFA member was arrested from the Lyngkyrdem-Pynursla highway.
The meeting was scheduled to be held in Vaishali Nagar area of ​​Jaipur ahead of a meeting scheduled to be chaired by Amrita Dhawan, AICC Rajasthan president.
Higher Secondary School and North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai are the two schools in West Jaintia Hills District which have been ranked first twenty in the SSLC examination announced by the MBoSE on Monday. .
Like the Behdeinkhlam of the Seinraij Jowai, the Behdeinkhlam of the Raij Tuber at Tuberkmai Shnong has started from October-June with sacrifices and suit ka shor.
He said that the union had talked about the overload of Reliance Network in the state but they replied that the overload is due to the fact that they are preparing to introduce 3G and 4G like other companies and he said they have promised that within two months it will be complete.
He explained to Prime Minister Duh about his visions.
The Director of the institute, Rishikesh M Shahi, said that many students have graduated from the institute and have got jobs in hospitals. their studies in other institutions through a certificate issued thereafter.
Pyndap recalled that before the election, they had met with Process to invite them to join KHNAM with a promise to stay in the party and they took an oath at the statue of Tirot Singh to serve the KHNAM. the nation and not to divide the party.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Director of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Dr. JS Lyngwa said that according to the letter received by the department from the Food and Safety Department, the presence of ash or mineral mixtures is high. However, he has not been able to confirm whether it will affect the health of the people who eat the meat of these animals. Mineral Mixtures that are used excessively in the body of pigs or cattle for meat.
He said that these species are on the verge of extinction under the Wildlife Protection Act
Chalai said that the Prime Minister has focused on the North East and in the past six years there has been a significant increase in the livelihood of the region.
Custom: In the Khasi custom, the land of the shyiap is given to the woman.
Sikkim were bowled out for 91 runs before Meghalaya scored 370/9 in the second innings.
Replying to a question, the CM said, “You see that it is for this reason why the Prime Minister has decided to raise this issue and this is something that has already been discussed. in the past because of the fact of the lack of participants, but now there is a special section so now it will be a reason for women to come forward and say because others cannot compete, so women will have to fight and this is the purpose of this special section.
The North East contributes 3.77 per cent to the country's GDP.
At the meeting held at Pyrtakuna village on the 20th of this month, the Seiñ Kur Dkhar elected and confirmed the full office bearers of the Narpuh Border Area Circle. On the same day, the Narpuh Border Area Circle has also honored the students of the Kur Dkhar who have passed well in their studies in various fields.
He also had the opportunity to become friends with them.
Everyone always wants that smoother transition.
The 33-year-old forward is a regular for the Spanish national team.
The 'tiew dohmaw writes and spreads the light.
Shillong: Sweet Beconia Tron, who took part in the Mrs Tourism pageant in Thailand, has expressed her gratitude to God for raising and being with her in the midst of great difficulties and struggles. She was awarded the title of Crown Ambassador for Peace at the Mrs. Tourism Pageant 2022, organized by Megastar Productions.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: After 145 years, the Teacher's Training Center in Sohra has received its first dewbilat building this year.
Nepal is a country with the 10 highest mountains in the world and many climbers and tourists enjoy visiting and climbing these mountains. the whole world is always well known and recognized.
Shillong, March 26: A group of Rangbah Shnongs together with the KSU today met with the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pynshngaiñ N Syiem to demand that he should not issue a Trading License. Meghalaya Agrovet Pvt, owned by Amrit Company, has refused to operate its poultry farm at Mawhati Raid, Mawbuh-Ri-Bhoi District. The health of the people of the area is affected because the wastewater flows into the wells.
In those places where there are dams like Mawphlang, if it is improved, it will become one of the cleanest tourist attractions.
In Group C, Pyndengrei Sports Club in Mawkyrwat will play against Lumdiengngan Sports Club at 3 pm and in Group D in Tura, Chipakkore SC will play against Khliehmawlieh SC at 3 pm. to 3 pm.
The cause of the death and drowning of these Dohkhas is unknown, but the residents of the area said that they suspect that it was the dumping of waste from the factories in the area. the area.
However, I cannot understand that even if there are so many statements, there is no explanation with evidence that those accused are clean.
The FKJGP Central Body has taken this decision to improve the working methods of the FKJGP in Jaintia Hills as a whole and the FKJGP East and West Jaintia Hills Units will fall under the jurisdiction of the FKJGP Jaintia Hills Zone.
The Second Covenant of Jesus Christ has been fulfilled. “He abolishes the first in order to establish the second (Second Covenant).
Regarding the ban on the Assam police from setting up their base at Umwali, the MLA said that many of the villages in the Langpih area are still within the border of Assam. confirmed by the survey of the Map of India.
Shillong, July 7: The government shopping center at Mawiong needs more funds to make it fully operational.
Russia is now facing trade sanctions against many Western countries as well as its leaders and tycoons, whose assets have been seized in Western countries.
This good news has brought great joy to the people who live in agriculture and farming.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District today announced the release of Khaw Ration for the month of July in East Jaintia Hills District.
The people need to know what kind of policies the political parties have for the development of the State in all aspects.
The work has deteriorated since 2008 to the point where it is difficult to see.
All the candidates in both the Assembly Constituencies of the East Jaintia Hills District are requested to cooperate with the Union and the Dorbar Shnongs in the East Jaintia Hills District, by following these rules and regulations of the party. mentioned above.
Guwahati: Twenty-five new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases to 935 and the number of confirmed cases to
He said that the fight to curb the spread of the disease is not only for the government alone, but for the cooperation of all.
On the other hand, the UDP has expressed its concern over the rape of women, the failure of the Government to arrest the SI Nurul Islam who raped women in Ampati in Garo Hills.
We accuse them of looking after and treating only those who are similar to them.
In the Open Session of the conference, the leaders of Hills Students, LAB Roy, Arun Sangma and the Chairman of Hills Students, Arun Sangma, Rtd.
BLOOD PRODUCTION IN THE BLOOD:- Strong kidneys increase the number of blood cells in the body by removing waste products from the blood to produce blood, but if the blood clot comes from bad kidneys, these blood cells can rupture and enter the bloodstream.
According to the tender called on 6th November 2018 at a cost of T.1,05,58,65,500 crore and given a deadline of completion within three years. The Speaker of the House on 21st June 2019 approved the proposal of the PWD Building Departmental Tender Committee that among the four companies that submitted the tender, only Uttar Pradesh Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Limited (UPRKMNL) which has submitted the techniques and capabilities for the construction of the dorbar hall in the competition held on 22nd July, 2019 and the HPC has handed over to the Chief Engineer of PWD Building. “It will take steps to complete the financial affairs of the company,” said Bah Roykupar.
The victory against COVID-19 does not depend only on the government, the police or the health workers, but the victory will come only if all the people cooperate and follow all the directives from the government.
The government should also pay Rs 1 lakh for the needs of the judge.
All these projects have been awarded to the two contractors Kubon and Nikseng.
Pynshngain has informed the party of his decision to contest the election,” said Banteidor.
Damascus (Syria), March 25: Syrian government troops today opened fire on anti-government protesters near Damascus, killing 40 protesters. incident, the source said.
Jowai, November 22: Two villages in Mushrot village, Sahsniang area, West Jaintia Hills have not received electricity for seven months due to the failure of MeECL until the transformer in the village has broken down.
Answering a question whether Tiklu has completed or been trained in his life to climb such mountains, Wallambok said that his brother, Tiklu, has completed the training. He said that as mountaineers, the duty of all is to complete up to five mountaineering courses, where Bah Tiklu said this is the second time he has completed the course.
It was therefore decided to dismiss the complaint and impose a fine of T.5,000 each on the complainants and to pay within two months to the Khasi District Council.
The Government should take measures to identify the jobs that are still needed for various departments where the youth who have passed degrees in any stream cannot work, but only those specially trained are fit to work.
And the whole world knows that in Meghalaya there are these three ethnic groups.
During the investigation, both the arrested persons confessed that they are residents of Baghmara and that they had smuggled the sugar from this place in a Bolero Pickup.
Eight persons have been awarded the RevG Lamat Award including Huni Dhar Pohthmi, Khanburom Sumer, Ebhami Jungai, Ibanylla Surong, Raboni Syrti and Decided Nyalang. The ceremony was held at the Ratacherra Presbyterian Church.
This is called "Critical Thinking," which means that children use their thinking ability and therefore questions arise in their minds.
They also expressed their deep concern over the spread of garbage and garbage which has deteriorated the appearance of the Umïam River due to the spreading of garbage by the tourists and especially the spreading of garbage by the residents of Shillong. Shillong: The residents of Shillong should be clear that they should not throw garbage into the river which flows back into the river. Who is this well where you have revealed that you are the bread of Jaboh? Syrtok mano?Through this day, the longkmie and the residents of the villages near the Umiam Dam have appealed to the people especially those from Shillong to refrain from throwing garbage into the rivers so that the Mawlyndep and surrounding villages to bring the beauty of the river and the cleanliness of the river will also attract tourists and increase the income of the people in the area.
However, as soon as the vote was cast, the people were very excited.
On the other hand, UDP MDC Jambor War, while taking part in the motion, said that the state urgently needs the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) to protect the state from illegal entry. They are not from the Khasi people.
Fomin urged Ukraine “to comply with the Geneva Conventions, including in the case of prisoners of war.
Jowai, Jymmang 02: The 1st Annual Day of Indian Classical Dance 2023 was celebrated on the 2nd February with the participation of Terence Sawian. Chief Guest, Kong Tina Lakiang as the Chief Guest along with the Sisters, teachers and parents of the children.
Therefore, in order to avoid all these problems and to improve education in the state, I urge the staff of the education department and others, to take responsibility, in order to look after the recruitment of Therefore, if they find any teachers who have neglected their duties, they should immediately inform the government, so that the government can take all necessary action. added.
The counterfeit notes seized include T.2,000 (1,007) and T.500 (1,012).
“So far, the total number of Covid-19 cases in the state is 5 in East Khasi Hills, 10 in West Garo Hills and 2 in West Garo Hills. West Jaintia Hills, which has not been controlled.
The State Government has empowered the District Collectors and Municipal Commissioners to set rules for the release of other non-essential goods.
The police have registered a case against the police for raiding the houses of the illegal immigrants in the survey area.
Granary Starfield thanked all those who have done good to Cherishterfield while he was in the HNLC who have provided him with food and shelter in times of need.
Khongsit said that the coronavirus, which started from the morgue in Darrang, on 1st June 2021, originated from Bangladesh.
The group would like to thank the supporters of NangJop Entertainment.
He said that he has heard from time to time that the state government has encouraged the youth to stand on their own feet without relying on government jobs but when the youth have started to stand on their own feet. The government, on the other hand, intends to destroy their livelihood by starting a power generation project.
Wellbirth said the NEIPF has been opposed from the very beginning to the Government of India's plan to pass the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CEB) which has now become law. CAA) and now the discussion will be on the implementation of this Act in the region.
However, Egyptian Defense Minister Mohamed Salah al-Din said Egypt's assistance to Russia this time was only to complete Russia's assistance to the country. por not left.
When asked what else has been written besides the letter demanding the arrest of the Sengbhalang leaders, Bah Bruce said that it has been written that permits should also be sought from Khasi who migrate to other states. A copy has also been sent to the Association in Assam to stop the smuggling of goods into the state.
The Air Intelligence Unit (AIU) at Trichy International Airport on Tuesday arrested three persons and seized 1197.5 grams of 24-carat gold worth T.72,73,781, officials said. group, on Tuesday.
These varieties are also different from the siej found in the Khasi Hills and can grow well in some areas with a dry climate. These kinds of siej, can benefit the people in many ways.
And on the tenth day of this month is the feast of unleavened bread;
Police are conducting further investigation into the incident.
Jowai, Iaiong 21: Ka Sein Raij Chyr mang as usual every year before the children of the Raij go to their fields to sow the seeds of phniang or to plant rice, The Raij Chyrmang Sein will hold the Behdeinkhlam Festival 2014 on the 24th and 25th of this month at Madan Sein. The Kingdom of Nine.
However, in the second case, Samla finds it difficult to express himself and it is this shortcoming that prevents him from experiencing a full life.
The District Transport Officer has sent a letter to the DSEO of East Khasi Hills regarding the ban on schools by two wheelers on and the DESO office issued the order on 17/08/2
“There are so many young people who have died prematurely.
The eGoal Programme, which falls under the Aurora's Model, aims to develop the sports skills of young people and to bring about good in the community and through the eGoal Programme encourages young people to advocate and you have a responsibility to play football.
As witnessed by this reporter, this footbridge is very much needed to be built in Nongpoh, because in the morning, afternoon and evening, this road is crowded. Because of the large number of passengers especially school children and the fact that this Jingkieng Ïaid jat has been installed in Nongpoh, the people don't need to jam the road through this highway which is dangerous due to the large number of public vehicles and pedestrians. The Fly Over Bridge is also known as the Fly Over Bridge.
Shillong: The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has written to the Chief Executive Member, informing him that it has already conducted a labor license check of foreign taxi drivers in Shillong. No foreigner who drives a taxi without a labor license from the KHADC has been found to have a labor license from the KHADC. 139 vehicle number plates and names of foreigners working without labor license in Polo, Khyndailad, Mawprem, Laban and other areas.
Shortly after, the employee was advised to lodge a complaint with the police. Speaking to reporters, James Sylliang EM in charge of the Enforcement Department said that the thief stole her belongings and he did not touch the instrument of the Council.
Besides Ma Wailadmiki, Pastor BB Lamin, Principal of the school, Pastor Mechak Shylla, Vice Principal Wanmi Passah, teachers and students were also present.
On this occasion, MEPA sends its condolences to the family of Bah Sumar and prays that God will grant them peace at this tragic time.
The HSPDP also said that between the two MLAs, there may be one or both of them.
According to the proposal made by the Central Government, if the Green Tax is implemented, commercial vehicles over 8 years old will have to pay road tax of 10% to 25% during the journey. apply for a new fitness certificate.
After the call attention motion of Bah Adelbert, the Symbud Lamphang as usual called on the Minister, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh to bring an explanation on the call attention motion of Bah Adelbert. When the MLA of North Shillong showed his ignorance of the rules of procedure of the dorbar by asking why he was not allowed to speak anything but only a statement was brought.
Alia, at that time, was not infected at all, but now, she has just contracted the virus and is in quarantine these days.
Dr. WR Kharlukhi said that the NPP is not like the Congress party. He said that the Congress won only 14 seats from Lum Garo and 16 seats from Lum Khasi-Jaintia. “We are not like that, we have already set a goal that if we get more from here, Prestone will be our prime minister,” said Dr. WR Kharlukhi while speaking at a public meeting in Sohryngkham.
The target for Meghalaya was 208 runs, but the leading batsmen lost their wickets quickly but Dipayan Nandi, who scored 95 runs from 194 balls, scored the first goal of the match. Meghalaya were able to score 29 runs for the loss of all wickets.
It is believed that the actor committed suicide two days before being found.
You can send or call 9863136797 from 10 am to 10 pm for more information.
The competition was led by the Head of Fine Arts of the school, Bah Wada Kharkhuli.
Tomorrow, Pasyih CSC will play against Mulang Ialong.
On the other hand, Dr Mawthoh asked whether the government intends to pass laws to prevent the commercialization of schools.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of the JAC, Prof Lakhon Kma, said that the VC has tried to mislead the students and teachers of NEHU as well as the people of the state. Rohit Prasad as Technical Consultant.
He said that if this promise comes true, it will be a message to the people that he has been the happiest MDC during his tenure.
Kenny Paul Sungoh, mother of Hammut, said that Daohipathan Suchiang of the same village informed him that Hammut-I was found in Shillong and immediately the family members took him away.
It is unfortunate that until there is a death toll, the government does not take action.
Police in West Jaintia Hills District have arrested two coal trucks which were covered with tarpal and lyntang to escape the police. these trucks.
“Hell is never full” Proverbs 27:2
Shobhan Sarkar, after writing an earlier letter to the Prime Minister, has written another letter to the Prime Minister and the Governor, Reserve Bank of India, in which he said that He also offered to provide T.10 lakh to the Indian government to extract 10,000 tonnes of gold from Daundia Khera. There is also 2,500 tonnes of gold hidden in Adampur village of Fatehpur District. he gave the place too.
There will also be a performance of traditional dance by the children of the Seiñ and Seng Khasi.
She also lodged a complaint with the Meghalaya Lokayukta against the failure of public leaders and government employees to disclose their assets as according to the rules under the Lokayukta Act they should do so every time. years so that the people can know the wealth of government officials and public leaders and whether their income is in line with the income they earn.
Thabah, who suffered a sudden illness last night, died at Bethany Hospital this morning.
He said that the Council has not yet seen any documents issued by the Society as a No Objection Certificate since 2007-2
Speaking to reporters, DRL Nonglait, President of KAS, said that the Prime Minister has agreed that the documents will be shown to the members of the Khasi Authors Society before being submitted to the Khasi Authors Society. State Legislative Assembly.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Augustine Sten, Rangbah Shnong of Mawtneng, said that the village is deeply saddened to see that such incidents have happened in the village, where the electricity posts have collapsed. It is only because of the lack of electricity posts.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 01: The mobile phone tower installed by Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited in Sangriang area for many months has caused a lot of trouble to the people.
They don't understand the law how can they make laws for the people,” he said.
Meanwhile, the rainfall was heavy in Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills, with 65.4mm.
Bah SK Dewkhaid said that Bah Aiban is a person of good character and he is not a person who is half-hearted or has a demon disease. In the incident, Bah Aiban said that he had encountered a 'puri ïong'
Speaking on the resignation of Bah Lapang in the Congress Party, Conrad Sangma said he is saddened to see such issues being addressed by the Congress Party and that is that it does not respect the people who have contributed. not only for the Party, but for the good and development of the state as a whole.
Will you still submit to him even if you earn more money than him?1
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Sikkim 5-1 in the fourth title of the Dr.T Ao Football Tournament in Assam.
Two candidates from the UDP for the mid-term MDC election are HS Shylla and Edar Lyngdoh Nongbri, former MDC of Nongkrem.
The NPP is a party with a skilled leader who can hold the position of ruler of the household.
From the increase in drug users to the increase in HIV infections – we are in a difficult situation but we cannot do anything because the people themselves do not want improvement.
The new members were welcomed by Listen Suchen Art & Culture Secretary EJNC-CEC and welcomed by Mehi Rymbai Assistant General Secretary EJNC-CEC and Nangjan Dkhar General Secretary Sambormi Lyngdoh. In his speech, he urged the members to have responsibility for the country and the nation and to be ready to fight on the battlefield for the cause of the country and the nation especially at this time when the nation is in trouble. in the midst of great danger.
The new office bearers of the party include Evanfield Khonglam as President, Teddy A Dkhar and Augustine Ryngksai as Vice President.
“If you can't pay in full pay in advance in half to be able to provide for next months bills and price increases may be that some landlords use only one meter for tenants so should to put your own,” said Bah Barkos.
Cahill, 25, proposed to Heidi, 23, during a walk together at a beach in Brean Down, Somerset, The Sun reported.
Lelad, Pala and Daistong won the First Division Football Tournament organized by the Saipung Block Sports Association (SBSA) on Friday at Lamyrsiang Stadium.
