Of these, 4,000 were arrested and 34 were bombed by Russian troops.
In a statement sent to Rupang, the residents of the area expressed their deep concern over the stinginess of the PWD department in repairing the road.
As part of the meeting, the Shillong Declaration will be signed by these leaders from all over the country to provide information on the implementation and implementation of the wells of water as well as wells of water.
If the government banks operate in this manner, the purpose of the government takeover of banks will inevitably lead to the growth of wealth and income for individuals and the country as a whole. other.
We did not contest from Ranikor, Ampati and Selsella in the last elections,” he said.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today urged all the Dorbar Shnongs not to allow the drivers of oil trucks to transport oil from Assam to Meghalaya.
B.Vasu, superintendent of construction of the hotel through Aura Hotels and Resorts Private Limited, said that the opening of the 5 star hotel in the state has been postponed for another 10 days. , due to the failure of several components.
Even her mother was like that because she was busy and spent a lot of time with her new husband.
Bah J Marweiñ, SDSEO Shillong, was the Chief Guest at the ceremony, and said that the government has now changed the salary structure of teachers to help address the current problems. .
“The State Government and MeECL will submit their affidavit stating the electricity requirements and the measures it will take if there is any shortage of electricity generation projects in the state and the measures it will take if be such a case," the order said.
However, the difficult thing is that the Christian protects his Dkhar brothers who are Christians, the Muslim protects his Dkhar Muslim brothers and the Hindu protects his Hindu brothers.
This happened after 11:00 pm on Saturday night inside the El Estadio or Bar, when a group of armed men broke into the bar. The members of the group, seized their firearms and opened fire on those in the area from the public to the employees of the area.
There have been 552 new cases in Maharashtra today, bringing the total number of cases to 5,0
On the need for Skill Development and Language Proficiency, the Minister spoke on the opportunities for the citizens of the State to turn to foreign jobs – China, Japan, Germany, UK, and Australia.
Not only that, he also ordered the arrest of those who were in the room.
The power outage especially during the World Cup has angered the football fans of Upper New Nongstoin and other neighboring villages due to the stinginess of the MeECL department by cutting off the electricity supply. Electricity during the World Cup football match between Egypt and Uruguay on Tuesday.
Five schools including Christian Academy Higher Secondary School, Pearly Dew Higher Secondary School, St. John's College, St. Peter's College, St. Peter's College, St. Peter's College, St. Peter's College, St. Peter's College, St. Peter's College and 19th Avenue have participated in the tournament. Dominic’s Higher Secondary School, Mawlai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Seng Khasi Higher Secondary School, Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School, Government Boys Higher Secondary School and ka Seng Khasi College (Higher Secondary Section).
Speaking to reporters, Ajmal said that the MLA elections in Assam will be announced on the 19th of this month and that his party will win more than 30 MLAs and He said the party will not be able to cooperate with the BJP in Assam but it is more likely to cooperate with the Congress.
The RDA leaders, the UDP, HSPDP and the VPP, understand that if they form an alliance, the major political parties like the NPP, Congress and BJP will be ready to spread in the country. you are from Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: HDR Lyngdoh's Pyrsa Synshar Kupar Lyngdoh Thabah has won against the NPP candidate and former Sohiong MLA Bah Synshar Kupar Lyngdoh Thabah on Saturday. Samlin Malngiang won with 3422 votes.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that the State Government intends to improve 25 football grounds in the state and to install Artificial Turf in these grounds.
In this regard, South Korea and the United States have worked together by training their troops from the Air Force.
He said that most of the patients especially those from poor families have to spend money to travel to Assam for treatment just because of the lack of medicines or medical equipment as well as doctors.
In a statement, Bah Alos Nongpoh Secretary TVWPS said that the purpose of the festival is to preserve the environment in the area from wildlife, birds, fish. ki dohpnat and others especially that the people should refrain from killing these species of birds which come to stay only for a while before they leave for other places.
The Additional District Magistrate, Bah MA Challam, has been directed to conduct an inquiry into the bodies of four robbers who were shot dead by a mob in the forest on Friday near Shangpung village, West Jaintia Hills District.
This has caused people to take advantage of the poor households in Nongmensong to commit crimes and others.
Speaking to media, Bah Malniang said that the decision to support the EC led by Bah Pyniaid is due to the good work of the group under the leadership of Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem. he will give his full support to this group.
The NPP has worked hard to improve the income and welfare of the people and there is no doubt that the people will support the NPP. He said that he has no hope for the Congress party, whether for the Central Government or the State Government.
Penney Azcarate announced that the trial of the two will end on the 27th of this month and will be considered for a final decision.
He said the Meghalaya government will gather its leaders to meet the Defense Minister of India Amit Shah to demand that he release Meghalaya and the North East from the CAB. Conrad K Sangma said the Meghalaya government is grateful that the Indian Defense Minister Amit Shah has accepted the proposal of the Meghalaya government to hold talks with the leaders of the North East. “It is through the NPP's claim that CAB 2019 will not affect the states without ILP and the states without land under the CAB. Sixth Schedule” he added.
“She has promised to look into and take a decision on the issues we raised in the previous meeting and we hope that she will take the right decision,” said the Congress MLA.
He said the company has various branches such as Amrit Cement Industries Limited, Meghalaya Agrovert Private Limited and MUCOOP. Your name is Meghalaya Agrovert Private Limited.
But he did not listen or answer, but listened and finished his prayer.
The Muaythai Association of Meghalaya (Muaythai Association of Meghalaya) said that besides the two spectators, four players including those who will participate in the tournament include Ebrest Lyngdoh in the 48 kilo category. 14-15 years old, Bansahkyrpang Warkhyllew in the 45 kilo category and 14-15 years old.
“The Raj Bhavan also stands as an honor because it is also an example for a bright future.
However, he is now preparing to contest from the BJP and this decision will probably be discussed on that day with the BJP leaders. from Nongstoiñ Constituency, using the skills you have.
Speakers at the rally included Yoophika Langstang, teachers, President Village Organization of Pammanik Village Fecility Dhar. , P Lyngkot, P Samiang and C Sungoh who strongly condemned the murder of Rodit Langstang.
Speaking to media, Bah Sanbor Shullai said that his visit to the gate was part of the immediate relocation of the gate from the site so that peace and order can be maintained. There is peace in the walking and standing of the residents of this village.
For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places" (Ephesians 6:10-12).
This village is located near the Myn-i River on the banks of the Umtyrpeiñ River on the Chah Lyer Hill and is lower than other villages in the area.
On the other hand, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the decision of the central government to introduce the CAA in the Sixth Schedule areas in Meghalaya is just a ploy to mislead the owners. village of the state.
This is also so that the children can understand the reading they should read for this year.
Prof.Nalin Mehta, Director of NEIGRIHMS, while appreciating the team, said that this technique is currently being used in a very few centers in NE India and hence a great boon for patients seeking treatment at NEIGRIHMS.This case highlights the benefits & feasibility of using laparoscopic surgery for the treatment of cancer.
He reminded that on 30th October, 2022, the Government of India has already released up to T.400/- crore (Central Share) while the State Government on 31st October, T.71/- crore has been released for the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) water supply scheme.
In the semi final of the U-17 boys, H. Elias Memorial Hr Secondary School beat Umphyrnai Presbyterian Secondary School 10 goals in the 20th minute.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 16: The facts are clear and we cannot deny the fact that Umskun village in Nongpoh Constituency which is only about 10 km from the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi near the district head quarter of Ri Bhoi District and if you turn to the residents of the village they have to face difficulties in coming and going because they are still being neglected by the government on the road which they need most. part of the traffic in the village.
Zenith said the committee has suggested to the Ministry of Transport to set rules that at the time of allocation of weight bridges, a clear soskular should be written in which they have to pay. You don't have to pay a shilliang.
“If you want to protect your identity and culture you have to lose a little bit in terms of investors but if you want to have investors you have to lose a little bit.
The camp was held in collaboration with the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society on 29th October 2022, at the College Auditorium.
He said the government has created the Meghalaya Multi-Purpose Special Force (SF-10).
After the country gained independence from foreign rule, there was hope from the leaders of the Seng Khasi to receive more assistance.
Shillong: The BJP in Meghalaya on Saturday passed a resolution that the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) 2019 should not be passed throughout Meghalaya.
Conclusion: Churches were built for the purpose of meeting together and worshiping God.
On the other hand, Pradhan promised to the protesters that he would take these requests to the ears of the Central Government when he returns to Delhi.
In preparation, he has been trying to distribute his gifts to all the villages since the past few months to express his spirit of service and has also received the blessings of Conrad Kongkal. Sangma and Prestone Tynsong, the campaign to attract votes is ongoing but it is not known how much the people will trust.
This song from the film Rai-eh, will be released on the 15th of July 2023 at 6 pm on Kit Rina Nongrum's channel. and Kit Rina Nongrum.
Honda also conducts daily training sessions on road safety by conducting road safety games and quizzes to ensure that children understand and understand about road safety. .
The party also sends its condolences to the family of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkiew and prays that God the Creator will be with the family at this time of darkness.
Shillong, Naitung 31: After Rupang published a report that Pakistani flags were carried along the highway between Jhalupara and Mawprem area, a reporter found that along the 10 HSPDP MLA from Nongkrem, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, today lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District. Pakistani flag was raised on the road in Jhalupara, Upper Mawprem.
The union also said that the overpricing of these vehicles has affected the poor people, and most of the reason why they pay at the time of collecting the fare is because they don't have enough money, said the President. This is the party of Bah Kitboklang Lyngdoh.
Amit Shah, who is also the President of the BJP, has followed the title of “Chowkidar Amit Shah”.
The Mairang-Ranigodown-Azra road will be another road to connect Eastern West Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi District to Guwahati Airport and also to Guwahati City.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The number of active cases of Covid-19 in the state has risen to
Samla Ambrose Kongwang, of the Catholic Church, from the same village, said that he is worried that there will be an incident in the village which he has been informed about since last Tuesday.
Wales beat Iran 2-0 on Saturday in Group B of the World Cup in Qatar.
Jesus heals a demon-possessed man in the town of Gadara (Luke 8:26-39) and in this story his appearance is revealed, he no longer lives as a human being, no one else “...For a long time this man went without clothes and did not want to stay at home, but spent time in the cemetery”.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, in charge of Urban Affairs and Chairman of the Regional Committee for West Jaintia Hills District, announced that the discussions will continue regarding the Block- I and the outstanding agreement with Assam on Monday.
According to the Raid Nongtung and KSU leaders, the area urgently needs the Meghalaya government to set up a police outpost in these areas so that the people can get peace from the area. Shillong, Nailur 1: The Governor of Meghalaya today called for a meeting with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem and the Minister of District Council Affairs, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem. HDR Lyngdoh to speak on the progress of the Village Administration Bill.
Isaiah the great prophet of God spoke and said – 59:3-5, “For your hands are defiled with blood, and your fingers with iniquity; your lips have spoken deceit, and your tongue hath spoken wickedness.
He was initially sent to CHC in Ampati but was shifted to Tura for serious injuries.
Not only that, he said, that there is another group, which is near his house, about half a kilometer away, and there too, the disease has reached and they have two pigs. who died of the same disease.
He said that the celebration of the Fishermen's Day is also a recognition of their hard work to promote the fisheries industry in the state which is one of the goals of the state government not only in the urban areas but also in the villages. The fisheries industry plays an important role not only in generating income, but also in protecting the environment, water to attract tourists and also one of the sources of employment especially for the youth in this age. Through the State Aqua Culture Mission, the state has so far produced 18,435MT of fish. On the other hand, the government officer also praised the fish farmers in the state for conducting the He also requested the fisheries department in the state to have close cooperation with the fishermen to further develop the fisheries industry in the state.
He said that since 2012, the farmers have sent a complaint to the Hima Mylliem but no action has been taken yet.
The four villages which have already been signed for water supply through the Nongjri-Nonghyllam Combined Water Supply Scheme (N-NCWSS) under the JJM are Nongjri, Nonghyllam, Rajaju, Poitbli and Nongumsur. They are the villages in the South West Khasi Hills District.
According to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, these good deeds can be in the field of sports, music, social activities, cleanliness of the environment, which promote culture and others.
On Thursday, October 27, 2020, at 10.30 pm, the Holy Father will hold a special prayer at St. Peter's Basilica in Rome.
But your iniquities have separated between you and your God.
Referring to other leaders who have emerged in the state, he mentioned the names of Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah, Patogan Sangma, Purno A Sangma, Speaker of the Lok Sabha. Sabha, former Minister of State Dr David Syiemlieh, Chairman of the UPSC, said that Meghalaya has produced many athletes.
Miss Narpuh 2019 was judged by Sookini Sutnga, Miss Cherry Blossom 2017, Simi Khongtiang, renowned director of Pnar films. Hundaka Lhuid, who won the Princess 2018 title in South Africa.
There are two types of stroke:1.
He said that according to the RTI reply, out of the 107 buses, there are now only 40. The auction of buses since 2019 has been up to 9 vehicles and the revenue from the auction of these buses has been to T.9 lakh.
Now it is in the midst of peace and crime and violence have no place.
He said that there has been a plan by MUDA to expand its boundary in the past years and the Rangbah Shnongs have always opposed this plan.
They were remembered with a minute’s silence.
The meeting was held at the District Library Auditorium, Mynthong Jowai where Additional Deputy Commissioners, MCS, RS Manner, MCS and PK Boro, MCS, DD Syngai, MCS, B Blah, MCS and O Lamin. Philemon Lyngdoh, Election Branch staff, L Pohktai, Waheh Shnong Mynthong, school children and others were present.
He said that as the new President of the Association, he is pleased to be able to elect new leaders of the Association so that he can carry out many of the tasks related to the establishment of branches of the Association even in the Districts. The main objective is to invite talented youth for training and to explain about this sport.
On the 20th, Spikers will play against Lion Mission Compound at 12 noon.
If the NPP-led MDA Government is really concerned about the lives of the people living on the border, it should work hard to find ways and means to end this invasion of the Government. Assam especially in the Phase-II demarcation which will be held in July or June
The former Minister of Sports last year urged schools and colleges to implement the sports policy in their schools and that the government will assist those schools and colleges. they cannot be implemented.
“I would like to point out here that the amount mentioned in the RTI is correct but the answer given to the Dorbar Synrai is on the amount that has already been spent,” she said.
He said that as the youth, they should have unity and should come forward to lead others so that the future generations will proclaim and remember the work they have done in the future.
The petition was sent by Gopal Dey, President CWC Shella Block and a copy of the petition was handed over to Narendra Modi. Amit Shah, Minister of Home Affairs and Phagu Chauhan, Governor of Meghalaya.
Meghalaya will play against Goa on Saturday.
The Minister also stressed the need to ensure the adequacy of staff in many of the offices built by the government.
They said that besides the markets have been destroyed, they don't have even the rice and the houses have been destroyed.
By taking this initiative, it will benefit them and the Amlarem area as a whole in the tourism industry as the War Jaintia area has many beautiful places that can become tourist destinations for tourists.
Shillong, November 22: Tura MDC Bernard N. Marak on Tuesday demanded that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma should release the Prime Minister's Awareness Yojana (PMAY) and other schemes. schemes which are allocated by the Central Government to the beneficiaries.
Research scholars explain that the Hynniewtrep come from a highly paid nation.
She said that the Committee to search for the four members of the Expert Committee headed by the Chief Secretary has also done its job and is confident that they will get members who have knowledge and understanding. thinking in many ways.
The Dorbar Shnong Jaïaw Pyllun has informed that the cleanliness drive in the entire village of Jaïaw is scheduled to be held on the 16th of this month which is Saturday.
(L.Gilbert Shullai, U Dr John Roberts D.D).
“He said that the Tech Park has donated part of its land to the Metro Project and has built a wall of the land.
The announcement came after reports that Kishida would introduce the bill in parliament and one of the reasons for the decision at this time was for the elections.
The media tour was led by Jaydevi Pujari Swami, Deputy Director, PIB Mumbai with the support of PIB Shillong, PIB Guwahati and DDK Shillong.
“If we don't support ourselves, what will happen to our country and what will happen to the nation? What will be the future of our children and where will they reach? Therefore, our soul does not allow us to stay at home but we must come out to support,” said the residents.
The Ex Servicemen (ESM) Rally was held in Tura on November 12 with the participation of retired soldiers and wives of deceased soldiers. Lok Sabha MP from Tura Agatha K Sangma was the chief guest.
Sangma said the economy of the state has grown and despite the disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the economy growth is 6.75 percent in 2018-2
However, she told her family members that it was not a pain but a constant beating of her husband and even though Gracefully was in her own village with her family. Arful also shot and threatened to kill his wife in front of the family members of Gracefully.
He said that there are those who answer that if we stop cutting down the forests, we will feed our children.
NHAI said the contract work will be awarded soon and the repair work is expected to be completed by the end of November
It was also found that one of the ears of the child had disappeared.
Arunachal Pradesh Army has arrested Rocksen Homchha, a member of the NSCN-K who escaped from Khonsa jail in Tirap district of Arunachal Pradesh.
Of course, it is good for us to know what belongs to others but we should not forget our own.
Nobody forces each and every child of Niamtre to celebrate Behdieñkhlam, it is the belief that is in their hearts and souls, therefore this Lehniam and Shad Niam Behdieñkhlam has grown stronger and stronger. now.
Nongpoh, March 19 : Police of Khanapara Police Station this evening have recovered a dead body from a road behind FCI Godown Khanapara.
The ANVC signed a social ceasefire agreement in 2004 demanding that the GHADC should be transformed into a Bodo Territorial Council.
Karishma, Deepika's manager, designer Simone Khambatta and Sushant Singh Rajput's manager Shruti Modi were also summoned.
The parts of the road that need to be repaired immediately are in Umkiang, Kuliang and Ratacherra, where there are places where the road has been damaged and has started to collapse and could endanger the people. traveler.
It also makes it clear that the strength of India lies in the unity and solidarity of the country despite the unity in diversity.
Participants were teachers from various colleges in Shillong, research scholars and students of the Khasi Department, NEHU, Shillong.
" said Por Paquintein.
Before the start of the tournament, a short meeting was held which was conducted by Bah B.Thongni President of the Club, in the presence of Bah Dkhar as the chief guest, Bah Handerson Kharbani as the chief guest, Bah Handerson Kharbani as the chief guest, the office bearers of the Club, the Sordar Shnong, the elders, the youth and the women.
Bah Paul is still awarded the title of King. How many more maiden winners? Bah Paul.
When contacted by the family members of Shanborlang, police said that they arrested him from his residence at midnight and took him to the police station in Sohra and now brought him to Shillong. The mother and brother are waiting at Sadar Police Station to meet their son.
Regarding the PMGSY crossing of the Assam road, the HNYF leaders urged the state government to take immediate action to stop the road. Assam has done many tricks and it is impossible to know the secret intentions of Assam, where no one knows whether it has an intention to destroy all these villages in the area, through this PMGSY road. Regarding the Assam's start to build the road, the HNYF urges the government and others involved in the land issues from the District Council, to take immediate action and if they do not do so, , the government will have to take responsibility if any tragic incident occurs.
On the Khasi and Garo speech of the Governor, Ardent said that it is a custom that when you go to any place, if you can speak a little bit of that language, it will make you happy and bring love to the people.
Shillong, Lber 26 : Due to the lack of unity among the political parties in the Opposition, the Budget Session has ended two days ago but till now there has been no Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly.
The Secretary said, the Road construction and repairing was carried out for the purpose of convenience reach to their Plantation Field and for easy carrying of the commercial crops.
He criticized the UPA-II government for increasing the price of petrol by 22 times which has affected the people of the country.
“The Symbud Myntri Rangbah yesterday promised 101% that at the group meeting they will accept our demand, and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has requested and gone home,” he added.
Khliehriat, Nov 10: Leaders and members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Khliehriat Town Unit and Ladrymbai Unit on Tuesday met with the Additional Superintendent of Police (KSU) Banraplang Jyrwa. In response to the petition, the union has already demanded the need for a full police force to drive vehicles in Khliehriat and Ladrymbai, in order to curb the traffic jam. happen more and more.
It is undeniable that there are many politicians because of the support of the people across the state for the call of the Voice of the People Party for transparency.
In another match, Mendipathar College beat North East Adventist College 3-1 in a shootout after a 2-2 draw.
Aston Villa suffered a 5-1 defeat to Newcastle United on the opening day of the new season, but after that, they didn't look back. which happened, but to score three wins in all competitions.
They climbed the top of Mount Iawpaw, Phodsohshit, Mawmerang and elsewhere.
Nongpoh, Nailar 08: The Border Area Raid Nongtung Youth Wing today sent a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to request the Meghalaya government to take action on the needs of the border people. The Government of Meghalaya.
Encouraged by the success of the launch of phones under the SPARK series and the festive season is approaching.
Shillong: The Adviser to the State Education Department, Bah HM Shangpliang, on Tuesday confirmed that 2026 will not be the last year to end the service of SSA teachers, but the year that the Central Government has Speaking to media, Bah Shangpliang said, “There are some SSA teachers and the public who doubt that after 2026, all the SSA teachers will lose their jobs because the central government wants to end the SSA project in Meghalaya”.
There are many other forms of assistance from time to time according to the request of the villages and residents such as the provision of clothes during the rainy season, the provision of assistance to the displaced families. which environmental influences, and others.
“Yes,” he said.
Evanrilin S Syiem won the Player of the Match award while Sildamicresha Marbaniang was the top scorer of the Inter District Cricket Tournament with 213 runs.
Dolma Shangshai is also vice president of MPUF Ladrymbai Circle Women Wing.
He said that after the previous government there were always those words “Status Quo” and when he translated it into Khasi it was “heaven and earth”. The government does not talk about the Status Quo but proceeds to resolve the border issue.
With this victory, it will be the third time for Mebanker Shullai to win the title in the district.
Can all participants who violate the law be arrested? However, the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills has not been appointed.
Therefore, it is warned that those who violate the Containment Order will be prosecuted under Section 51(b) of the Disaster Management Act, 2005, including Section 188 IPC. Any village can prevent this from the beginning because the rapid spread of this disease is due to the issuance of car passes to pass vehicles. Therefore, the government is requested to impose a lockdown in those areas where there are many cases and in those villages where there are only two or three cases. to places or villages.
Rajya Sabha Member of Parliament (MP) Dr WR Kharlukhi has recalled that it was the dream of their late leader Purno A. Sangma to have a loud voice from the Eastern States. North East (NE) in Parliament.
Furthermore, on the same night, the HYC, after visiting Upper Mawprem, has visited the area again. to Anjalee Market ter-ter.
Answering a question, Jambor War EM in charge of Elaka Affairs, Lamphrang Blah said that regarding the border dispute between Mawsynram and Nonglwai, this issue is within the jurisdiction of the Mawsynram and Nonglwai Hima. of the tribunal.
The following are some of the symptoms that may occur if you have a chronic illness.
Shillong: U Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that a person who commits a crime, no matter what ethnicity he belongs to, is a criminal and it is the law to punish him. those involved; However, for the police, they have to investigate thoroughly and it is not easy to arrest them without sufficient evidence.
In the meeting with Bah M.Khonglah, it was clear that these villages have been in darkness for more than half a year. electricity bills of the people, as the total remaining has reached more than T.2 Lakh.
Let us sleep together, that we may fight here..." The father said, "Let's continue..." Then the mother said. So they stopped.
Both these projects were discussed and inaugurated by two MPs including Lok Sabha MP Vincent H Pala and Dr WR Kharlukhi.
He said not only that, they also accused him of being a prostitute and smuggler and spread the image of a woman from Saudi Arabia who works as a missionary.
Speaking on the issue of NEP-2020, the CM explained in detail the need for colleges for various courses and also for the recruitment of more teachers and facilities. The total requirements will amount to T.400-500 crore.
He also ordered that the government should pay the salaries of teachers who have not received their salaries for months and should also set rules to ensure that no teacher should lose even one penny. benefits that you should not receive.
“It is not good to blame the leaders for getting into trouble, don't blame the leaders, getting into trouble,” said Pynshngaiñ.
They said that when there is a natural disaster, the farmers receive assistance only for a small amount of money which sometimes is completed with the fare of the vehicle. T.300 and T.400 per household.
The police vehicle was driven by a policeman named King Marwein and witnesses said that the policeman was driving the vehicle. The driver of the vehicle was so angry that he could not control the vehicle and he went to collide with the auto truck.
He said the central government has donated three smaller vehicles weighing 16 tonnes each for testing.
He said that as the Chairman of the Environment Committee of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, they will invite all the owners of companies to think for the sake of the environment.
Wow! It is indeed the words of a leader who is responsible for the environment and the future of our children.
When trade is strong, the country and the nation are also strong and examples are given by the USA, Germany, China and others.
The Waheh Chnongs of Iooksi Saphai area have given their full support to Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit regarding the demand for a review of the State Job Reservation Policy.
In East Jaintia Hills District, 7 villages including 2 villages in Khliehriat, Lumshnong, Sookilo, Ladrymbai, Umkiang and Umpleng.
When the government decided to give district to Mairang and abolish Sohra, these two leaders remained silent and should take responsibility for the loss of district.
The dates of the matches are as follows: Meghalaya vs Bengal, March 12; Meghalaya vs Uttarakhand, March 14; Meghalaya vs Hyderabad, March 16; Meghalaya vs Delhi, March 18; Meghalaya vs Maharashtra, March 20.
Police of Dawki PS said that although it is difficult but there should be the cooperation of the residents as VDPs to strengthen and take action to be vigilant against such incidents.
The Minister of State for Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri today inaugurated the 5th Meghalaya Games at a function held at the SSA Stadium Shillong.
The TMC MP's speech in Parliament has prompted the MLAs of the party to praise him while the NPP leaders have alleged that this is just a political ploy. elections.
“We will read the 52 provisions of the Act and whatever we find out we will take a decision to re-introduce the ILP,” said Bah Blah.
Shillong: The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) has announced a strike on the 21st of this month, which is the Independence Day. .
Neglected babies, when they become more conscious, often ask where is papa, it is very difficult for the mother to answer, it is easier for her to answer, if the father has passed away , to say that your father is now in heaven with Jesus or has gone to a better place than this world, they rejoice when they hear that,
The budget for this year is 253.12 crore (253,12,59,690 tyngka) while the budget for production is 253,12,04,610 tyngka, a decrease of 55,080 tyngka.
In the time of drought they don't give, how can we say, but in this time of drought they don't give, we will wait for what they will give.
NPP Leader Purno Agitok Sangma has said that under his leadership, the Prime Minister, the Defense Minister and the Leader of the Opposition will meet on the allegation of involvement of the Chief Minister. Shillong, July 20: While others have promised to do this or that, but for the HSPDP Mawlai candidate it is not so, what is needed is the right service to the people.
This is not a solar park or solar plant.
The Union in a letter sent by its president and secretary Daniel Khongsit and Siangmi G Lacuna to the SDO Civil Amlarem demanded the immediate removal of the line of coal trucks on the highway as it has caused traffic jam. and heavy traffic jam affecting the movement of motor vehicles.
The report shows the number of poor people based on the National Family Health Survey (NFHS).
In East Khasi Hills, there are 189 new cases.
Anthony Shimray, the top leader of the NSCN (IM), is no longer at their camp in Hebron, but has now reached the India-Myanmar border.
Besides, while appealing to the youth from different ethnic groups to be peaceful, he added, “Understand that you will be an instrument of peace, change and for the development of the State.
No night parking will be allowed inside the village roads and no vehicles will be allowed to travel inside the village on this day until the cleanliness drive is completed.
Against Zimbabwe XI at the Harare Sports Club, Dhoni caught seven times and stumped four times.
All four persons are still in police custody for further investigation.
Perhaps that is what stirred up the souls of all the family.
He said that this year thanks to the hard work of Chief Engineer Bah Manbha Allya, the PHE Engineers in charge of the area and the EC of Nongrah Village. Doris Pongrope, Civil Pongrope and Their Kharmon and the scheme amounted to T.5,9
The BJP East Jaintia Hills Mandal (BJP) has welcomed two leaders and MLA candidates for 2023 of the Congress party.
“Speaking on his career as a teacher, Babu Singh said it all started in 2000 when he had just completed his college studies.
Therefore, to participate in the GHADC whether in elections or Khadar rule, only the indigenous people should be able to participate.
Give shipowa pela to the young cows and two pela to the heifers twice a day.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has filed a chargesheet against the former Deputy Chief Engineer of Northeast Frontier (NF) Railways in Guwahati, Assam.
President KB Dkhar swore in the office bearers of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle while the members of the Executive Committee were sworn in by the General Secretary of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar. and Hamjan Dkhar.
Strengthening the immune system: Drinking milk before bedtime mixed with a little shynrai strengthens the immune system and can fight against diseases such as colds, flu and other common diseases.
He said that the suspect will be brought before the court after receiving the RT-PCR report and asked the court to remand him for 7 days for further investigation. he shall not know why he hath committed this act of robbery against his children.
After a thorough investigation, the union has sent or shown the documents and requirements to prove, but some of these foreign shopkeepers, have shown the union and give reasons. ha which bun hands.
Agartala: The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is on a two-day visit to Arunachal Pradesh, today inspected the Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly at Itanagar. three.
There are also households who have received water from wells in the nearby wells.
Daniel 9:26.
This is a truth that we cannot deny.
Therefore, in order for the public to be aware of their health status along with the necessary information announced from time to time by the government, the DC has urged the public to use the Behavior Change is an App that can be used on mobile phones.
He said the government encourages all the people to cooperate and support the government and the political parties to make this project a success.
Every Government is trying to find ways to resolve the border dispute with Assam, especially in the Khasi Hills, because the Foreign Government has cut off many border disputes just for the sake of peace of mind. villages from the Khasi Hills and placed them within the Kamrup District of Assam.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow over the loss of the construction of the Shillong Medical College by the KPC. in connection with the Medical College.
Shillong, March 28: U MDC of Umsning Constituency, Bah Donkupar Sumer, has strongly criticized the MDC of Mawhati, who is also the EM in charge of Trade Department of KHADC. The EM of Trade, when he was in the opposition, used to speak well in the House against the issuance of trading license to Meghalaya Agrovet, but now when he is EM, Bah Sumer said he had misled the people and said that there was an allegation that the EM of Trade wanted to open Meghalaya Agrovet which is a poultry farm of Amrit.
What kind of house or temple does God want to build? It is here that we see again that Temple which was built not by man but by God.
He said that as party leaders who have responsibility for the country and the nation, they should not act in such a way that intimidates the workers. “We are only workers, they should understand,” he said.
He said he had spoken to his brother about the matter and he said that there was nothing wrong with the illegal mining of coal.
At the same time, he also expressed his special thanks to his parents who support and encourage him every day to become a young man who works hard and succeeds in his job so that it will be of benefit. in the future.
DREAM was launched by the Social Welfare Department with the aim of curbing the problem of drug abuse in Meghalaya.
He expressed his regret that during the elections there were others who misled the people.
Unless the government can quickly implement computers to arrest those involved in crime, it may help to intimidate the people.
The MLAs feel that they are superior to the party because they are the winners of the election while the office bearers feel that the MLAs should obey the party office bearers.
Nongstoiñ, November 29: Shiningstar Khardwsaw has been allegedly bombed, tied and shot from the head and threatened with death by the OC of Riangdo. He said that the employees of the Traffic Department, Mawpun, without being biased, have tried to follow up to find out the truth about the incident.
The meeting also expressed its regret that the HSPDP has been left alone within the ARPA after the departure of the UDP and KHNAM, but they have not dissolved the ARPA at all and have decided to leave it as it is. you are now.
Before the start of the Kopati Puja Raij Raliang, all the children of the Raij, the villagers and the villagers gathered together the rice from the lyngkha risa with the Nguh ka dem Blei to bring the rice safely to their homes. The residents of the village and the Raij were invited to participate in the Kopati Puja. All the youths of Samhoi were invited to participate in the Kopati Puja. Every evening they played the bomb, and they worked hard to teach Mastieh at the house of the Lyngdoh (Raij's house) and Wamon, so that they could play Mastieh on that day.
Last year, NEHU ranked 66th.
Therefore, the government should also think about the loss of livelihood of the people.
Looking at the problems faced by the government and the residents, it was seen how the government has taken the first step to help the people through the leaders by allocating T.25 lakh each to all the MLAs. , from the MLA Scheme of T.2.50 crore per annum and this initiative of the government has been commendable.
Shillong, November 04: The Vigilance Cell of MePDCL on a surprise inspection of Mawkynrew, Jongksha and Thangsning villages in Mawryngkneng Sub-Division; Sohiong Distribution Sub-Division; Porla, Umdang, Umlangshing and New Nongstoin in Nongstoin Distribution Sub-Division; From July to November, 28 households were found to have stolen electricity.
“Another important issue is why the BSF are in public places when they should be in public places,” said the Government Spokesperson. borders".
If these two parties work together, there will be no need for other parties as it has reached 37 members and if we include the BJP, it has reached
However, it will be difficult, because the Buidksah and Beinbsah are too strong for the jalabi of the Punjabis.
Shillong, Lber 7 : The Congress Leader of the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MLA Mylliem, on Tuesday said that the Opposition will ensure that it will follow the MDA-2 government so that it can work well. for the benefit of the people.
He said the demand for the implementation of the ILP and MRSSA is to ensure that the entry of people into the state will not be too easy and through these laws will also bring peace to the people of the state. but until now these laws have remained in force.
“Meghalaya is known as a state of knowledge of God.
This appointment was made at Sohkha Govt.
Naveen has been charged under sections 290 and 510 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
In the stories of the first Christmas we read in the Gospels we find that joy is mixed with sorrow and grief.
The club expects the fans of the state to continue to support the club by encouraging them even when they play abroad. The club expects to play again at the stadium of the Shillong Sports Association (SSA). ) in the I-League which will start this season.
We hear of such problems and that the problems are getting worse.
Congress MLA from Nongstoin, Bah Gabriel Wahlang also supported the motion by saying that after the people lost their jobs due to the coal mining ban in 1996 and the ban on coal mining in Mining shyiap is their source of income and employment.
He said that the village through the club has been celebrating the Silver Jubilee for 10 years through various sports, including Carrom Board, Badminton, Arms Wrestling, Drawing Competition, Archery, Basketball, Volleyball, Cricket, Kabadi, Marathon, Pillow Fight, Mawpoiñ, Football, Talent Show and others.
According to him, the people have been shocked by the rule of the MDA government and how they now want change.
I believe that if we give the jait ka khong and wealth to the son, I believe that the cooperation of the daughters and sons will bring strength to the Khasi family, the growth of wealth. and the protection from the invasion of other ethnic groups by marrying our Khasi women.
Jowai: Sohmynting today beat Nangbah Iawmusiang 4-0 in the 1st Division Football Tournament of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai.
LPS, Govt.
No illegal activities shall be performed in these areas.
Jowai, Jymmang 03 : U Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Symbud Chief Minister, today visited Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai to prepare the Detail Project Report (DPR) worth Rs 25 crore. to rebuild the stadium according to the present era.
Rupang wishes you all a very happy 70th Independence Day to all our readers around the world who love and continue to read every day through this website.
Bah D.Sun President said, “The Forest Department should do something as soon as possible if it is to acquire its own full land, to build an operational department and also to allocate funds or appoint The department has recruited full time staff so that the department can speed up its work for the conservation of forests and also to prevent the destruction of the environment”.
In the Shillong zone, Umrit SC beat Seng Samla Laitryngew 3-1 in the first leg of the tournament. The match was played at the MFA Turf Polo Ground.
“If the government wants to take land, it should have done it through the Revenue Department through the DC but there is no such thing,” said the Mylliem MLA. take advantage of this because they have no reason to look for him.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 11 cases of high risk.
However, there were no women to speak at the 14th meeting.
Those going to Guwahati will go up and down to Guwahati and those going to Jowai will go down.
The meeting was attended by Dr. Donkupar Roy, President of the UDP, Bah KP Pangniang, President of the MDA government. HSPDP Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, PDF President Ivanlum Marbaniang and independent MLA Lambor Malngiang.
I have many things to say about this but ...!!'One thing I want to say is that we should unite and not allow such incidents...I have many words to say about this because how can they kill the man who has rested.
"Maheh said, 'Well, you don't understand what you're doing at home, it's just a responsibility that you don't have.
The PCF has requested the people and supporters of the Forum from 36-Shillong Legislative Assembly Constituency to attend the meeting to discuss the MP election.
The UDP Shillong City youths said that this will bring confidence to the people.
Khliehriat, July 30: The District Tuberculosis Officer, Jaintia Hills in collaboration with the CSR Department of Star Cement Lumshnong Company today held a program at Khliehriat CHC where The CSR department of Star Cement Lumshnong Company has donated 100,000 rupees to the people suffering from Tuberculosis. The District Tuberculosis Officer, Jaintia Hills, Dr. IBV Laloo, has explained the various methods that TB patients should follow at home. To avoid the spread of Tuberculosis, she urged the patients to be vigilant in taking antibiotics as explained by the health workers who treat them. She also explained about the types of schemes. The Nikshay Poshan Yojana Scheme provides financial assistance to TB patients who are still undergoing treatment, as well as the Nikshay Poshan Yojana Scheme which provides financial assistance of T monthly fee for those who register with this scheme.
Then the locals will also be able to start making handicrafts that visitors will want to buy as a souvenir.
The Mawlai MDC said that the Congress ticket from Mawlai has decided to go to him.
However, what is needed is that teachers should be willing to participate in such trainings.
Jowai, Nailar 19: The GR Infra Project Limited (GR Infra Project Limited) has received a letter demanding Rs 20 lakh from Soomer to Malidor. tyngka from a group suspected to be a group of foreigners.
The best goalkeeper was won by Samla Ïainehskhem Mawrie of Mawrie Mawshbuit and the best goalkeeper was won by Samla Kambantei Mawrie of Mawrie Laitkor Wahshohkha. Samla Rovison Mawrie from Kur Mawrie.
The economy of the state is mainly dependent on agriculture and forests, which has a lot of trees and shrubs.
“In this regard, we are deeply concerned about the collapse of these water pipes and we urge the Hima Mylliem to take action in this regard,” said some shopkeepers. speaking to a reporter.
The project will include the construction of a reservoir dam, sewage treatment plant (STP) and ETP at Mukset above the Khaddum Bridge to protect the Lukha River. The cements factory will not flow into Wah Lukha.
Leaders and members of FDKJGP Nongstoin Circle, FKJGP Nongstoiñ Circle General Secretary Pynshai Kharbani, FKJGP Maweit Circle Leaders and FKJGP Maweit Circle Leaders visited the family. Philomina Lyngdoh, sister of (L) Metilda Lyngdoh, who passed away.
By 2020, the Central Government has formulated a National Education Policy to be implemented in all schools, colleges and universities across the country.
On this occasion, there was also a performance of songs by groups from various departments from all over the country.
To go to CHC, RKM Dispensary for treatment and medical assistance.
The meeting of the Sordars of the 7 Dorbar Shnongs of Mawryngkneng, Puriang, Kut, Thangshalai, Ksehpyndeng and Pommura was held on 1.6.2020 at Mawryngkneng Village. Meghalaya through the Director of Health Department, Government of Meghalaya to provide all the necessities in the PHC Mawryngkneng but till now no demands have been received from the government as promised.
The new cases include EKH: 17, WGH: 2, WJH: 1 and WKH:
Assam Congress leader Debabrata Saikia has lodged a complaint against Prime Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma for suggesting and inciting the burning of Sonia Gandhi's residence.
Some have criticized that if Bah Samlin had remained in the HSPDP, perhaps the people of Sohiong would have given him the power to become their MLA.
The match today, 16th November will be between Nangbah Iawmusiang FC and Sailung Ialong FC at 2 pm.
The counting of votes will start at 8 pm in Shillong and Tura.
It does not speak specifically for any ethnic group, but for the backward classes as far as possible, regardless of religion, race, gender, where they come from, where they were born, They shall have the right to work, without discrimination or discrimination.
Shillong: “The Congress will not exempt from the security deposit in the upcoming mid-term elections in Ranikor constituency,” said NPP President Dr WR Kharlukhi.
“The dorbar will hold a meeting soon to take a decision on this irregularity in the recruitment of teachers in the village by the education department,” he said.
All markets will remain closed until further notice.
When they walk and stand on the road, from village to town they walk slowly, where they should walk and reach.
Shillong, October 1: The Meghalaya Superstar Championship has postponed the final of the tournament to the 2nd June. The meeting will be held in Shillong and the venue will be announced later.
Referring to the demand for the re-election of the President, Ernest said it is the party in Delhi that will take a decision on this issue.
“When asked whether the BJP will cooperate with the NPP in the Lok Sabha elections, Hek said, “I don't see any reason why (the BJP) will cooperate (with the NPP).
Furthermore, shops no longer offer plastic bags when shopping, but shoppers have to bring plastic bags from home.
Speaking to Rupang, BJP Vice President HopStandard Marthong said that the BJP has confirmed that it will take part in the mid-term elections in Nongstoin. The party will take a decision on the 28th of this month to announce the candidate.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ernest Mawrie welcomed the elders who care about the welfare of the state, who also have confidence in the BJP party to cooperate and carry out the work of the party. The party will bring about change in the state as a whole.
However, this idea has no roots and no basis to stand on other grounds.
No matter when it was written, this song expresses the misery of slavery in a foreign country.
Employees of Dr H Gordon Roberts Hospital in Jaiaw, Jaiaw, on Monday, brought a flag and placard in front of the office of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod (KJS) at Mission Compound to demand the immediate dissolution of the hospital. The Medical Superintendent of the hospital, Dr David Tariang, was arrested on charges of causing trouble and chaos at the hospital.
The following are some of the main demands that we have put before the government for the benefit of the farmers.
On the other hand, when asked about the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB), Sanbor said the BJP Meghalaya will continue to advocate to the BJP that if it implements the CAB in the country, It should leave the North East to the will of any state government to decide whether to accept it or not.
Meghalaya is a state with a large population of minorities such as Garo, Assamese, Hindu, Marwari, Mizo, Naga and also from outside the state and outside India as well as Hynniewtrep, Bhoi, Mikir, Lalu, The Maram, the Lyngngam, the Dako, these are the same tribes who have spread all over the Hynniewtrep Hills, whose hometown is on Mount Sohpetbneng.
On Sunday, Chopra threw 88.17m at the World Championships in Budapest.
With the arrival of trains, the congestion and traffic jam will increase, as in many parts of Guwahati, especially when trains enter and leave.
Police have received a tip that Rudolf Franklin Lyngdoh (28) of Umsning, Shemphang Lakhiat (29) of Mawlari Mawkhan and Aibankyrshan Kharlyngdoh (24) of Umsning, Ri-Bhoi District have been arrested. -Bhoi District They came from Silchar and tried to go to Umsning in this vehicle and smuggled illegal goods.
Remember that even if the sohniamtra can be clean, the sohjew will never be clean.
Last month I checked into the Marriot Hotel which is one of the largest hotels in Shillong.
“If the Government had taken care to set up revenue gates for the minerals before they are imported into the factories, the Government would have collected the revenue for the construction of roads, schools, hospitals and a blessing to the people," he added.
“I will convene a meeting of senior officers of the department to look into this matter and see what the department can do on this,” he said. newspaper on Friday.
It was found that the price set by the contractors was higher than that set by the department and this led to an avoidable expenditure of T.156.14 crore.
Pommura opened the scoring through Arbistar Wankhar (13) but Mawlyngngad managed to turn the tide through Freddy Khryiemmujat (65). count mar shi column.
The MDA-2 government has many projects to continue from those that have already started such as the border settlement, coal mining, Ïewmawlong area, Shillong market, the dorbar hall, education, and other buildings that have already been laid foundation stones.
The inscriptions on these pictures read, “We will not cover you in the form of blood, but you enemies of religions and the coverings of the clouds, you will fall into the rivers with blood that will not be shed. clean your house"
In the opening match, Kur Myrthong Football Team played against Kur Thongni Sanmat Football Team where Myrthong FT won 5-4 goals by tie breaker.
When we look at other nations, we see that they are very proud of their own language.
J.M. Pohsngap, IPP Rtn.
Of course, it is impossible that the government has tried to meet these needs but the most important thing now is to turn back to the sports policy that it has already implemented.
He urged the Minister to fight against allowing the Shillong Cantonment Board to build shopping malls and parking lots as there are many unused land in the market areas in Shillong.
JAC Chairman Purningstar Shabong said the Hima Dorbar has decided to remove Bashemphang Thabah from the post of Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima.
The forest areas in Shillong have become increasingly desolate.
Nongstoiñ, July 2: Two days after the celebration of the World Environment Day, but when it comes to the people of our state, only a few residents have started to understand the value of the environment. of the environment and forests by working hard and fighting as much as possible to plant trees around the gardens.
The book of Daniel is one of the books in the Old Testament that is related to the book of Revelation and is a difficult book to understand.
“One of the victims, Shynna Shylla, said that during the medical check, he was shot and had no signs of injury”.
However, those communities, known as Schedule Castes are those who have been deprived of their rights and have also received special quotas According to the Constitution of the country and without giving quotas to their groups caste schedule.
“Earlier, by showing the map of Meghalaya, Bah Pangniang said that in 2010 when he was an MDC, the party had raised and opposed the map at the meeting. long in Nongstoin.
In the past, in 1972, when Meghalaya was born, many people expressed their dissatisfaction with the authority to conduct the public examination.
The UDP has sought the support of other non-Congress parties like the NPP, BJP and KHNAM for its candidate.
The elders of the village and the people who came to witness this match.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 28: The meeting of the HSPDP Nongstoin Area Unit, which was held today at Bishop Hall Nongstoin, for the purpose of electing and confirming the new office bearers for the year 2017-1 The General Secretary of the party announced that the Executive Committee of the party, which The committee has decided to reinstate the former office bearers for the term.
“We will meet Bah Lapang, maybe he can join our party, we have a strong hope on this,” said the General Secretary of the UDP. MPCC chief DD Lapang to discuss the resignation of Bah DD Lapang.
To cut off your sner when you have a sner, go away,” said the father.
Explaining on this, Dr.S.Lyngdoh, said that in fact, as in other hospitals, women are not allowed to stay in the men's dormitories. However, he also expressed his regret over this incident, as the expulsion of this child happened at midnight.
At this Dorbar Kur, awards will be given to the youth of the Kur who have excelled in their studies and also to the elders of the Kur.
He said that if a consensus candidate is not found, it could go wrong because the opposition will also nominate its own candidate for the seat.
In the Men's Double, Mebanker and Gregoreo defeated Hrisami Passah and Deilang Waoo Nongpluh.
The Association also suggested that the Police Check Points should have only one place and that the Police should not be allowed to appear as tickets during the rainy season to check the trucks passing through the highway.
Among the women, the Best Physique title went to Valentina Basumatary (Claudia's Fitness Hub) in the first place, Airikmenlang Shabong (Fitness Tribe) in the second place and Cara Mercia Mylliemngap (Claudia's Fitness Hub) in the second place. three.
It is useless to speak to many in a language that he cannot understand.
India have started their journey to the FIFAE Nations Series 2023 from November 2022 at the Play-Ins stage and the team has played in the Online Qualifiers Main Stage at June this year before being selected for the Playoffs.
On the other hand, Bah IA Diengdoh also handed over the shop to his daughter Baphinbha Rynjah who is also a fashion designer who has graduated from the National Institute of Fashion Technology.
We are very grateful to USHA International for their support in making these training programs a success.
Speaking to media, Bah Pateng Marsing said that it is time for the government to upgrade this PHC to CHC so that the people can get adequate treatment and if not The Sub Center in other areas under the PHC Mawhati has also been improved.
Shillong, Lber 15: The inspection, which was held today, went smoothly with the participation of Executive Engineers of PHE (Electrical, Distribution, Division II), SDO Rangbah Shnong of Lad Mawreng, Mawkalum and also from the Members of the Village Committee.
Witnesses said the CEO of Mindshare showed a picture of himself sitting in the toilet and after his actions, Emery was fired by Mindshare for improper conduct. during the video conferencing meeting.
But God said, “I am God, and there is no other; I am God, and there is none like me, knowing the end from the beginning, and from ancient times the things that are not done" Isaiah 46:9-1
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 19: The outbreak of cows has reached three months so far, but there are still many cows whose outbreaks continue although not as severe as in previous months, ong Bah H.Wahlang is one of the oldest people in the field.
He said that the JAC members had walked around the university and witnessed that all the classrooms were empty, from the department of Social Science, Technology, Law, Science and others.
“The BJP leaders in Delhi have invited me and Bah Hek to sign a letter in support of the MDA government in the state, so the order should come from these leaders, whether I should resign. “I will support them or resign as Minister and I will obey their orders,” said Bah Sanbor.
If the policeman is a Khasi, please drop the FIR against the party.
:U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on 11th November 2023, has slammed the VPP leaders for allegedly trying to mislead the people on the issue without knowing the truth. to relocate the Harijans from Them Ïewmawlong to the site of the office of the Shillong Municipal Board.
Prestone Tynsong, Congress MLA from Pynursla, has spoken against the party leader Dr Mukul Sangma at the NPP meeting held at Mawryngkneng recently and has agreed to resign. He was appointed as an MLA before the dorbar tlang so that he could contest from the NPP in the upcoming elections from the new party.
Speaking to Rupang, Sohtun said that he has informed James K Sangma, Minister of Home Affairs and Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of the State, that they have taken the They have discussed with the Assam authorities to transfer the incident to Meghalaya.
The Congress has to fight but the Congress has to fight to get power.
You who came when my mother died saw how the house was.
Mawkynrew MLA Banteidor Lyngdoh has inaugurated the 4th Mawkynrew Cup which started on 27th March at Jongksha.
Shakira, one of the Colombian singers, will be awarded Woman of the Year at the Billboard Latin Women in January. Ivy Queen and Jacqueline Bracamontes will host the Billboard Latin Music Awards. The honorees will also be Ana Gabriel, Emilia, Evaluna, Goyo and Thalia.
The US made the remarks hours before Israel resumed fighting after a four-day ceasefire with Hamas.
Through this, the public can call without having to pay any money and report their problems.
Phase 2 will start the construction of the road from Wahkaji to Phlangdiloiñ village by connecting Ranikor village.
However, as time went by, due to the failure of the party to appear in the election, the party has disappeared from the constituency.
Meanwhile, Myngken HSS of Ri-Bhoi District beat HK Singh Secondary School of West Jaintia Hills 3-2
Zenith said that these people, who are in power, are making MeECL like a milk cow, with the intention of stealing from the electricity department.
Therefore, we must understand that, in order to survive our country, we must keep the name of the village or place in the name of our country throughout the country.
No lights shall be used before 6 pm and after 11 pm.
Nongpoh: At 11:30 am today, severe thunderstorms and cold weather have occurred in Umsning, Kyrdemkulai, Umroi, Bhoirymbong and other places. The incident has caused severe damage, in which many houses, vehicles and crops have been severely damaged.
It was directed by Paulami Dutta Gupta and Pradip Kurbah for the film Jewduh.
He said that there are more than 827 kyiad shops, 800 in Hynniewtrep and 27 in Garo Hills.
Shillong, Nailur 14: U Bah Perbak Kharpomtiah, an elderly man, has lodged a complaint with the police that on the night of the 12th of this month at 11:30 pm, his brother-in-law, Bah Perbak Kharpomtiah, Baniainehskhem Kharkongor has entered the ground floor of his house in Lum Sohra, Laitumkhrah with a rude attitude.
On the other hand, the Joint Action Committee comprising JAC, NEHUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSU has decided to hold a strike from 13th November as a sign of protest against the Vice Chancellor of NEHU. The demands of the JAC are to abolish the illegal appointment of technical officers, senior consultants, the appointment of statutory officers and university engineers, the collapse of the University Health Centre, the release of teachers and technical staff from the NEHU office, the restoration of the NEHU ACT, Statutes and Ordinance on the NEHU official website, the regular awarding ceremony for the students who have passed NEHU. NEHU et al.
Matthew 24:32-3.
East and West Jaintia Hills Police have turned away from the NH-06 and NH-44, especially the Traffic Police. it is better that they should stay away from any discomfort.
On the other hand, the DGP of Bihar, R Chandranathan, on receiving information about the incident, immediately informed the Bihar Police Chief and after that the Bihar Police together with the Railway Police went to investigate the incident. The Bihar government has also agreed to curb such incidents in the future and to provide protection to the people passing through the state especially. the young men from the east.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner, said that it is not in his power to open or close, but this decision belongs to the government, but because the He invited them to speak on Monday.
This was announced today by the Shillong Press Club in collaboration with the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the State on the operation of the EVM-VVPAT machines. CEO FR Kharkongor acknowledged that the safety of the EVMs should not be in doubt despite the shortcomings in human nature.
He said the project will start with the terminal point at Madan Laban to Lumparing and to the View Point of Lum Shillong. like the ropeway in Europe".
We should also be concerned about the cleanliness of Mount Sohpetbnéng.
He said that in Lyngkhat BP No. 1266/11S-1267/2S and Khurinalla BP No. 1267/R-E BP No. 1268/4S, according to the report and written statement of the Coordination Committee appointed by the Government of Meghalaya. Under the leadership of Dr Donkupar Roy, Chairman, it was clear that the APL started from BP No.1266/11S to BP No.1267/2S. BP No.1266/13S. With this action, Lyngkhat village will suffer because the burial ground and cremation ground has been transferred to Bangladesh.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, visited the Meghalaya Craft Bazar at the G20 Summit.
When asked how much she hopes to become an MLA; After the elections, he said he had faith and confidence that the AITC would form a government.
Jowai, Jymmang 8: Illegal commercial vehicles which are not private vehicles but commercial vehicles and vehicles without number plates have been seized in East Jaintia Hills and also some in West Jaintia Hills.
Among the robbers, Bishnoi is in jail in Ahmedabad and Dalla is in Canada.
“Instead of implementing what the state government has agreed to, Star Cement has now purchased its own vehicles to operate these vehicles to transport dewbilat from factories in East Jaintia,” he said. Hills and not to other states.
The Minister addressed the Senior Officers, Junior Officers and other employees of the Directorate General Assam Rifles at the Rising Sun Sports Complex and also to thousands of soldiers from across the North East who were able to hear the In this speech, he congratulated the Assam Rifles for making this celebration a success.
We have also seen that in Manipur yesterday some schools have been closed due to the lack of cases.
“He said that the Bill is currently pending in the Select Committee and soon they will sit in the Committee so that they can get their opinion from the people of the state as well as from the political parties and civil society organizations. various groups in relation to this Bill.
According to Jesus, prophets are those whom God has chosen and used.
To say that we should hold a clean and fair election and free from any financial fraud is very difficult because in Jaintia Hills even if there are not billions of people to contest the election, it is not. no more.
Dr.B Pakem, Vice Chancellor of NEHU in 1992 urged to encourage the youth to learn tech know how in various fields so that they can take up various jobs.
Lajong are in sixth position with only one point from three games.
The owner said that if there are no more skilled coffin makers, the time may come when the bodies will have to be buried in the borni or in the krong as usual. that Dkhar.
At the time of writing, the damage caused by the petrol bomb blast is not known.
Shillong: U Pascal Maria, has lodged a complaint that on the 9th of this month, at 3.30 pm, robbers stole his motorcycle number ML-05R-7849 from his residence. I live in Bakur, West Jaintia Hills.
This is also the main source of strengthening and consolidating our Jaidbynriew.
The Chief Minister said the Cabinet will leave for Delhi tomorrow Friday to meet the Minister of Home Affairs and followed by a meeting with the Chief Minister of Assam.
Shillong, Lber 9: The Superintendent of Police (SSP) East Khasi Hills District has informed the public that dumper and heavy trucks will not be allowed to enter Shillong during the morning hours. This should be done according to the time of release so that the children who go to school will be safe.
The athletes and the people of the state cannot forget the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 in November which was a success with the support of all the people of the state.
The two youths who were awarded the Vocational Award by the Rotary Club, Jowai are Morealda Paswet of Pohhali, Dulong and Deiwitawan Synnah of Loomiongkjam, Jowai.
Regarding these allegations, Chaubey said that he has already read the allegations and that he will take legal action and said that all these allegations are baseless and will be answered. by law.
The union said that earlier the DC had announced that no more than 9 tonnes can be carried but now the trucks carry about 22 tonnes and this has caused damage to the public road.
“In the state, compared to other parties, which have been in power in the state and the NPP party, which has been in power for four years, there is a difference between heaven and earth, whether it is in the issues of “The NPP party has taken action on many issues,” he added.
East Jaintia Hills has 6 new cases, East Khasi Hills has 141 cases, including 55 cases from abroad.
The village needs this to avoid incidents that affect the peace and order of the village and if there is any incident, the residents of Bakur will not be responsible.
“If the people do not get clean water through the Government, it shows that there is a threat to life and if there is a threat to life, the Government violates the right to life of the citizens of the State. The Constitution of the country,” said Bah Passah.
The JSM has demanded that the MDA government should release the coal which has been approved by the NGT for auction.
Speaking to reporters, the leader of the MTET Passed Candidate for 2021, Bah AL Mawblei and Kong I.Kharwanlang said that they have already met with the Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma to inform about the Government's non-appointment but the Minister said that the appointment of those who have passed the MTET examination will continue for a while.
In the second match between Mookyrdup and Mookyndur, Thiama Nampuii scored the first goal in the 17th minute.
“To lah biang, This is the mobile phone that causes trouble because it has been changed.
They later found the victim lying unconscious on a sidewalk in the area.
Kharkrang also urged the public not to buy plastic bags banned by the government.
Remdor said that on the 24th of this month, Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, had denied that he had any intention to remove Rowell, but within 24 hours, on the 25th, He said that Rowell has apologized to his supporters for not being able to respond because he was sent to resign immediately. .
In Assam, there have been 2,560 new cases, bringing the total number of cases to 1,01,367 and the death toll to
He said that although the BJP is trying to cover up the skin of sheep, the truth is in other states that they are torturing and desecrating the holy places of worship. Recently you have seen the SP of Assam doing how to send a thorough inquiry into the work of churches and Christian groups in the state and it will soon spread if we allow.
Vehicles flowing from Assam have also become increasingly crowded on the roads.
In the third and final match of the hockey tournament between India and Australia in Adelaide, Savita will be the captain and Nikki will be the defender. Pradhan have now reached the highest milestone of 250 International Caps in which they have played and participated in various sports for the country.
The HLC in its report to the State Government on 25th November 2011 said that according to the Forests Act, 1958, these five companies factory built in dense forest.
Through the hard work of the doctors and nurses, the child has recovered and it was on the 22nd July that he was released.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, Home Minister James K Sangma said the government has decided to accept the recommendation of the Meghalaya State Naming Authority Committee to change the names of some roads. villages and others.
Some MDCs want Mawsynram MDC Pynshngain N Syiem to take over the post of chairman while others want Teilinia Thankhiew.
Before doing anything, we should think carefully and make sure that there will be no mistake or any criticism because we the people don't eat anything but we pay the price.
“Will it be brought into the House?” asked the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
The other said, “That's right, you're like God, I too am a son of a bitch, I've been driven out of my house and I've been wandering around.
Cows, pigs and chickens are the most susceptible to the disease.
“If you (Congress) have evidence, go ahead because as I said we live in a democratic country, don't just go to the law enforcement agencies because you are free to do so,” said James.
The Khasi Hills District is a British Area within the Province of Assam.
How can Bah Jemino say that the party respects the former leaders, when in Nongkrem Constituency, it has been prepared and announced that the UDP ticket will be given to Bah Lambor Malngiang who is not a member of the party. SK Sun of Mawphlang Constituency and Samuel Sangma of Garo Hills, who are Independent MLAs, have not been appointed as Associate MLAs. The UDP, when they met with the President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on 8.7.2022 in the presence of Bah Jemino, said that the ticket should not be given to Bah Bindo Lanong but it was explained that it should be given to Bah Lambor. , a person who has fought for KHNAM, Congress and Independent? Is that the honor of the seniors? We the supporters of Bah Bindo, on behalf of the people of this Constituency, we demand that you should treat the person who has surrendered himself. lynter, by judging righteously, and by not deceiving with a deceitful heart.
He also explained the news in these days and said that it is a misunderstanding by the journalists regarding the MDc election in GHADC where he said that he did not say anything about the right to vote. He said that any seat in Parliament, Assembly or District Council should not be given to non-tribals in any seat in Parliament, Assembly or District Council. said that non-citizens should not be allowed to vote.
The Magistrate together with the Ri Bhoi Police have gone to close these gates inside Umdihar.
This time, the talks have started moving towards a consensus for a few months now, said the HNLC and the authorization of the HNLC leaders to take part in the talks is in their opinion. The HNLC and the Indian Government Secretary AK Mishra and the State Government Secretary Peter Dkhar along with Sadon Blah.
Regarding this site, it may be recalled that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has said that the government has not yet taken any decision. participation in all areas.
We need cows and this bill will ban the smuggling of cows,” he said.
In the younger children's category, Biling Sohshang, Phibadondor Marshra, Saphibansoi Syiemlieh and Freedy Syiemlieh, Lamborlang Jawren and Silbirth Marshra won the prizes.
I know and I am sure that it will not affect my body because I have always done it,” he said before eating.
Karate: The East Khasi Hills District men's and women's karate team won five gold medals each at the end of the Meghalaya Games in Tura. .
Similarly, the people of the area have been ready to provide land according to its needs, he said.
He said that he is confident that whenever he is in Shillong or in his constituency, the people are happy to meet him, especially to discuss their problems, as well as the Dorbar Shnongs and others.
Speaking to reporters, the DC said, “Today's inspection was to explain to the BLOs and other teams like the Media Team, Police, CRPF, who guard the strong room and premises. vote on the various preparations we have made"
Two wickets were taken by Dawanshisha War Larpih (1/25) and Badapbiang Lawai (1/39).
The audition will be held first in Nongpoh on the 14th of this month at 11 am, Nongstoin on the 16th of this month at 12:11 pm, Mairang on the 18th of this month at 12:11 am, Amlarem on the 20th of this month at 12:1 Jowai 12th to 11th, Pynursla 8th 1st and 11th, Bhoirymbong 10th 1st and 11th, Khliehriat 13th 1st and 11st, Shillong 15th 1st and 1st Shangpung 17th month 1 to 11 am
Indeed, when there is an incident, especially the death or loss of violence, violence, it has affected the souls of those who are physically, friendly, loving, and also anyone else. a national group or community.
The Apostle Paul said to the Corinthians, “And if Christ be not risen, then is our preaching vain, and your faith is also vain.
“Bah Pai doesn't want to contest MDC, he wants to contest only MLA. After we talked, he asked me to come forward and after I got the approval, he said. “I have decided so,” said the rangbah, who understood that he is the person whom Bah Paidang wants to contest.
Shillong, Nailar : U Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, MDC Mawlai on Saturday handed over a footpath worth 5 lakh tyngka to the village of Umshing Umjapung. the road is covered.
He recalled that in November 2020, when the Cabinet announced the approval of the NEP 2020, the Prime Minister was the first to announce that the government would implement this policy.
Fifteen years later he went on holiday back to his homeland in Wales.
These Native American groups existed for thousands of years before the invasion of Europe.
Speaking on the club's website, Lukaku said he was delighted to be welcomed by the fans and the club.
Nongpoh: Two foreigners have been arrested by the residents of Pahamrioh village on Monday morning at 2 pm. a car parked along the road in the village.
Also present on the occasion were Secretary to the Governor HM Shangpliang, PMSMA Spokesperson, Onataah actress Sweety Pala.
These confirm how the way of thinking shapes the light.
Furthermore, there are languages ​​that do not have a snapshot of the Khasi language that have not been explained by a linguist or that have not been translated from abroad.
Many of the IAS and IPS officers have been admitted because they are Scheduled Tribes and there is no special treatment for them.
Bindo M Lanong said that if the government wants to change the area, there should be village areas, there should be small shops to sell the varieties of soh produced in the state. The UDP will oppose the shopping mall.
The court also ordered the NHAI leadership team to ensure that the NHAI officials from the North East should pass through the road within a day so that they can submit their report as soon as possible. end of next month.
The purpose and objective of this Act is to assist and expedite the work of the people and the Government.
All the speakers urged the people to be united and to eliminate differences and if the government cannot implement the ILP in the state, they threatened to intensify the protests in the state.
SS Thongni from Rangjadong Presbyterian Church, Keynote Speech by Mrs. Enterful Iawphniaw, Chairperson of Rangthong District Women's Church and V. Syiemlieh, Finance Secretary, Rangthong District Women's Church.
Nongpoh: A strong wind has destroyed houses, schools and crops in Umtyrnga village on Saturday. .
Chare scored three goals in the 85th, 89th and 90th minutes, Wanmiki Lyngdoh in the 79th and 81st minutes and Needful Shylla in the 74th minute. Shickel High 77′.
I mixed the powder again with the rice, gave it again every day 3 times a day, but the chickens kept dying until they were completely plain.
There was also a ceremony of honoring and celebration by the faithful of the village and neighboring villages, to commemorate this great day in the history of the church of the village.
“So that the people can accept and clarify the basis on the COVID-19 pandemic.
Although agriculture is an important sector of income which employs most of the residents in the rural areas, the sad thing is that the farmers are increasingly farming and this is because the The government does not have a strong policy and many schemes from the central government are not suitable for implementation in the state because they are strict and create rules that do not suit the conditions of this region unlike in the north.
“For the first time, when we went to discuss for the ticket, it is true that we as the office bearers of 5-Sutnga Saipung and the office bearers of NPP East Jaintia Hills District have decided to Hopeful Bamon was appointed on the orders of Sñiawbhalang Dhar and at that time Santa Mary Shylla had not applied for ticket from the party and according to my information Santa had already met Thijlang. Shyrmang, who was the President of 5-Sutnga Saipung Block at that time, but I don't know how they talked about the ticket. Santa Mary Shylla to apply for the ticket from Shillong because there is no way from Sutnga Saipung Block and that is true because at that time the name of Hopeful Bamon had already been sent. We have met with the authorities in Shillong and they have told us that Santa has also applied for the ticket and they have not yet decided or announced the name of the ticket. The NPP leaders from Shillong have said that they will send an intelligence team to find out who has the hope of winning.
We need to recognize the needs of the zones to implement the Act East Policy”.
The 71 bodies were cremated and laid to rest in the Ganga River at Ranighat, on the border of UP and Bihar.
Meghalaya has won all three matches so far and beat Nagaland by 19 points.
Therefore, in her lyngki, Ramew demands that the Lei rule (Ka Hukum) needs a marriage over her.
This is a letter from FASToM. We have discussed well and we have also visited the offices to follow up on this issue.
The Deputy Director of Labor Department, Bah B.Blah and Bah R.Hynniewta were the chief guests.
The Senate also refused to overturn the votes of Georgia and Pennsylvania on Joe Biden's part.
It is good to feed your children again after they have come to the playground.
In connection with the incident, the State Disaster Response Force and the Indian Air Force are conducting a search operation for the three missing persons.
The Archbishop of Shillong, Rev Victor Lyngdoh, attended the celebration of the Holy Cross at Mawlai Parish along with tens of thousands of faithful. in the whole world.
Jowai, June 18: The Pyrem is not only the end of the rainy season, but also the new knowledge.
“All political parties have the right to make promises but this government of ours (MDA) has not promised but has shown by its actions,” he said.
The union has also informed the CM that the government should not bring the railway into Ri-Lum Jaintia as it affects the smuggling of mynder as the state does not have adequate laws to prevent it. They urged the CM to introduce the ILP Act first and then look into getting the railway in Ri-Lum Jaintia.
PB War Nongbri, Assistant Director, DSYA and other MSOA officials together with the Presidents and Secretaries of 22 State Sports Associations on 20th November-2023 at the MSOA Conference Hall.
Stimac was shown his second red card of the tournament against Kuwait.
The spacecraft is expected to pass by Earth on 1 November
The word “comrade” is not a bad word, it means brotherhood and the Adivasis are His sisters, brothers and He lives, suffers and dies for them.
“If there is any information, MeECL should take immediate action to prevent any incident,” he said.
We have always known Tom Cruise for his stupid jobs, just to market his own films and this time, Cruise, flies himself at a height of up to 500 feet and that's for Your film, Mission: Impossible.
Bah Shanbor forgot many things that would happen from the enemies of his family.
The Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Bakur, in its meeting held on 16th December 2023, has decided to hold the cleanliness drive as usual on 19th November 2023 from 9 :00am in the morning.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC beat India Arrows 3-0 in the Hero I-League match at the JN Stadium Polo on Tuesday. .
We look forward to being stronger to do so".
And this which comes from the earth is also what he gets not by killing others.
“When I was released, a police officer from Nongstoin urged her not to go back to her village because her house has been burnt down,” she said.
Therefore, the union hopes for the best and expects the government to look into it.
The funeral service of Bah Ronald Syiem will be held on Sunday, 24.12.2023 at Lum Jyntep of Nongpyndeng Presbyterian Church at 2.30 pm.
In the MUA 2 government we have met Dr Mukul Sangma once and he has asked for time to study this recommendation and after that he has not invited any more political parties and the Prime Minister now says that he does not want to talk to them anymore. “The government has been cheating and playing with the Sengbhalang by setting up those committees,” said Bah Marwein. .
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home (Police) Prestone Tynsong on Friday said that the investigation is ongoing into the shooting death of a truck driver by the BSF. The incident occurred at Mawshun, EKHD on the 5th of June last year.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) Mylliem Constituency has given its full support to the protest of the Union of Village Authorities of Khasi and Jaintia Hills. to protest against the government by a mass march on 30th March
JACAMFU Chairman Commander Shangpliang said the party has decided to hold public meetings to raise awareness on the demand for Agriculture Policy across the state. today is from Mawsynram.
The interest payable by them is at the rate of 9.90% and the Government will provide interest payment assistance of up to 7% for those borrowers who repay the loan correctly.
Peter Shallam, who is also a lawyer, has already registered his nomination papers with the Returning Officer at the DC EKH office on 22nd October and has chosen the shap of Mawlynnai to contest the MP election. will be held on 19 June
We are sorry that we have published the picture of Kong Ebel and Kong Ampareen"
“This government is ruled by a few people, not by the voice of the people,” he said.
Airikmenlang Shabong is the eldest of four children of Serita Shabong and Elisius Rani.
However, the UDP and HSPDP did not work as planned, so the VPP came into being.
Missionaries came and went, doing and fulfilling their part.
Rodborne was arrested earlier on a complaint by the director of MNREDA and has been suspended from his post.
“This multisport event will witness the participation of 28 states and 8 union territories, which is scheduled to start from 26th March to 9th March. November.
On this occasion, a briefing was given on the Ginger Mission from the Department of Agriculture and also on the Public Distribution System from the Department of Food and Civil Supplies.
“Regarding the need to have an office, we have informed the MLA to renovate the office,” he said.
“I have supported the HSPDP candidate in every village where I have gone to campaign for the election. I urge the people to support the HSPDP candidate as a last greeting to the late Maieid Hopingstone Lyngdoh. I have fulfilled my duty to support the party. I respect Mr. Hoping and their lack of confidence. I cannot say anything but I have fulfilled my duty. I feel that it is enough for me. you are the Nongsiej.
The back of our eyes contains membranes known as the retina, and inside the lights are tiny particles in the light spectrum known as pixels in cameras.
Handle Mukhim, Chairman of the committee, said that another meeting will be held on the 18th of this month at Hyniewmer to discuss the issues discussed with the government and others. de work, which is still chess.
These include EGH: 06, EJH: 11, EKH: 196, NGH: 12, RBD: 48, SGH: 07, SWGH: 06, SWKH: 28, WGH: 85, WJH: 65 and WKH:
Nongstoiñ, July 4: Lawrynjam village is one of the villages in Parïong area of ​​Mawthadraishan C&RD Block Eastern West Khasi Hills District. from the village of Dommawlieh.
“The burning of the fire on the shyllang mat shows that we are small and that we need God's help.
He appealed to these organizations not to disrupt the examination.
The Minister also participated in the SHG Mela at the same venue and handed over financial assistance worth T.1.001 crore to 29 Village Organizations and SHGs. SHGs led by women which empowers women to become self-sufficient from the ground up.
At the meeting, which was held at Amlarem, it was said that many other parties from other parties have joined the UDP. to submit all its candidates before 20th October
Up to 101 players have completed their social signing with the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) for the purpose of moving to other clubs.
“The people who brought this report on this matter have put a disclaimer saying that they acknowledge the inability to complete these reports. note on the field.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah D.Jyndiang MLA Nongstoin expressed his special thanks to the leaders of the church and especially to the visitors of the orphanage. , for their hard work and dedication to serve the cause through this charity project.
The Dorbar Shnong Ratacherra on Tuesday gathered the residents of the village and completely cleared the road.
With this victory, Iatyllilang FC Wapung have scored three points against Jalapang FC Wahiajer.
They put them in juti, in airbags, in the roof of the car, in the patlun and when there is a place to hide, they drive until they reach these slaves in Shillong.
The meeting was conducted by the Reading War Advocate.
The Rangbah Shnong of Trangblang said that when she left the village, she was taken by another husband from Mawphlang, but later he learned that she was living with another husband from Nongumlong. She has been staying in Nongumlong for 4 months and now it has been learned that she has arrived with another man.
He said it would be good if the KHADC would do this part to register the land of the people and take it back at a reasonable price, it would help the people and it would also generate revenue for the Council.
In another development, the Maharashtra government has agreed to accept 25 flights to land in the city and 25 flights to leave the city from tomorrow.
In addition, you can follow KFC India's Instagram page to learn more about the Bucket Canvas campaign and keep talking about it.
The union also demands that the government should not dismiss the employees who are currently in 108 EMRI, even if the government takes over, because all the employees in MEMRIWU are not qualified. These same staff have been trained from time to time and have been able to treat at least 2 lakh patients and about 15,000 children in the past 40 years. EMRI 108 Service in the State.
My suggestion to Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, and the AYUSH Department of the State, is that we should create opportunities for our indigenous nurses.
Singapore's Skill Framework is one that we can replicate to build a skilled workforce from school to support jobs in the workplace based on technology.
The refugees have suffered from the loss of their houses and other household items. They said that this assistance will be limited, but the MLA said that he will tell the state government for the remaining assistance.
We should not judge a person just because someone has filed a complaint and others,” he said.
We would like to thank the Parish Priest, Catechists, Elders, Seng Longkmie and leaders of the Parish Nongthymmai who performed all the rituals, the Presbyterian Church Nongthymmai, Bah Jamino ( MLA), Ex MLA, Latiplang Kharkongor (MDC), Prestone Tynsong, (Minister Govt.
The main purpose of STEM is to make children interested in science and mathematics and other skills.
Dr War said that self-consciousness and respect for others will help curb the spread of the disease and prevent the second wave of covid in the state.
This report will end on the 30th of July.
Speaking to reporters, Dr War said that 66 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in Ribhoi, 4 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 4 cases in West Jaintia Hills. cases in Khasi Hills District, 9 cases in West Garo Hills District and 2 cases in North Garo Hills District.
Everyone is not happy not only in the last 10 months of being in government but even before this," he added.
It is also worth mentioning that these ministers and officials have shown that they no longer trust the EC of Pa'iem Latho and now the opposition is in the middle of a majority.
The arrival of those English Medium schools also seems to have darkened the children who are still learning to spell the Khasi words.
“It is the power of God that makes us all.
They are now not only hundreds but thousands,” said Bah Latiplang.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Act 1997, passed in October 1997, was approved by the Governor of Meghalaya in July
Jowai, Naitung 04: The 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) was held today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai. .
According to Bah Sutnga, the reason for the delay in the completion of the project is because there are not enough contractors who have agreed to implement the project. work has progressed to 75 percent completion.
Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah said that at least 52 people have died so far due to heavy rains in the state, along with damage to many properties. The authorities have been ordered to provide the relief supplies as soon as possible.
Bihar Governor Phagu Chauhan will replace BD Mishra and Himachal Pradesh Governor Rajendra Vishwanath Arlekar will take over as Governor.
The building, which was erected in Danagre area of ​​Tura, was constructed at a cost of Rs 24.1 crore and stands on an area of ​​28.45 acres.
According to the Returning Officer of Shillong Seat, the Congress party has also sent the nomination papers of Bah Manuel Badwar as a stand-by candidate.
Shillong, November 5: Police have found the body of Smt Kalpana Nath, 40, resident of Pynthorbah Block IV, Shillong, today at 8 pm. Shillong, Shillong.
Meghalaya has reported 616 deaths from COVID-19 with 24 deaths on Tuesday.
The people cast their vote to bring about change.
The medicines should have been delivered to the PHC, CHC but now they are delivered to Marten.
The Secretary of the VDP, Bah Ialam Syngkrem, said that at 5:30 am, the three women were returning from the forest. When they found these two men who were still attached to the ship which had capsized, they immediately threw the ships without anyone to rescue them.
This is what makes us happy.
From the speech of the KSU, it is understood that the KSU itself has not yet been able to discuss the railway line while the ILP has not been implemented in the state. bloodshed if the government does not implement it.
In Meghalaya, you are fortunate to know people and know God.
If they (government agencies) need anything from the ASHAs, they have to pay the price.
Demons have to bow down.
The Minister was speaking on the complaint of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council against the letter issued by the Social Welfare Department which violates the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act, to take the jait of a father or a mother who is not a Khasi.
" he added further.
Another special role of this commission is to focus on the village leaders and the participation of various departments; as the Ministry of Social Welfare, Health &amp; Family, Education, Meghalaya State Rural Livelihoods Society (MSRLS) and the State Rural Employment Society (SRES).
Also present on the occasion were the Assistant Directors, Bah Paia War Nongbri, Bah K. Passah, officers and DSOs. Allya, Dennyson Kyrsian (Coach) & Toiaibha Mylliempdah (Manager).
T.10,000 per head will be paid to the farmers who have lost their jobs due to the curfew. The beneficiaries will be 20,000 farmers and 69,000 farmers. fruit farmer.
In 2012-2013 alone, 8,33,28 people including children and adults have visited the park.
The house which was hit by the truck was the house of Bah D.Kharthangmaw, but it was owned by Kong Ibadamon Langte and at the time of the collision, the woman was sleeping. lyngai with her two children.
Until Coal India, Kirloskar Brothers, Odisha Fire Services Team, why didn't you call the Indian Army? Even the state government has forgotten that it has been fined up to Rs 100 crore by the NGH.
“I have been able to explain about the various projects that are currently underway through the Capital Investment Fund (CIF) that the Government of India has allocated to the States and through the EAPs that we are implementing and also various development projects. who are walking in the State,” said the Chief Minister.
According to information received, the price of synsar is now T.32 tyngka per kilo. The price of synsar is T.32 tyngka per kilo. The price is T.10 per kilo.
The clean pots, the plates, the pots, and the mules were scattered.
This has led the people to be misled.
The Leader of the Opposition, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, said that AIIM is only a name but it has the power to work and the presence of such an Institute in the State will help to reduce the cost of living of the people. from the region.
In the toss, SGH won the toss and elected to bat first and managed to score only 77 runs without losing all the batsmen in 18.4 overs.
Everyone in the world suffers from poverty.
Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, along with senior health officials, attended the function.
WJH Police are currently constructing a police station at the site.
When asked about the delay of the KHADC in issuing the permits for the implementation of the projects, Bah Pynïaid as CEM said that the delay of the Central Government in releasing the funds that should have come to the Council as Untied Grant may be due to the failure to provide project permits or Utilization Certificate.
L.S.N Dykes Deputy Commissioner-9436101209, P.K.Boro Additional Deputy Commissioner 9436106577, D.D.Syngai Additional Deputy CommisSioner-9774012835, Y.R-36 Division9na Amal-0 Sub0 Ciwvil, Don .
“We have discussed the measures that need to be taken and also to identify the people involved in these attacks and we will think again.
“Find also in the Bible, the great love of God.
“Can Deilang Chirup Law register a land without a NoC from the Hima, Raid and Dorbar Shnong?” asked Markus.
We need to understand that sleep is essential for life because it affects both physical and mental health.
There are two teachers who are truly like my second mother and father, they are Sir Boswell Pala and Madam Linda Marboh, they are like Gods who came into my life so that I could become a human being. man in my life.
This reply came after Bah Ardent M Basaïawmoit had accused Bah Samlin at the VPP meeting in Sohiong of being illegal when he turned around the MLA election in .
The meeting was conducted by Rila A.Kharlyngdoh, Block Project Manager, NRLM. Kjatsngi Village Organization, Ranglang Sohsynñiang.
PC.This Act has ordered the closure of all markets and the prohibition of public transport.
Ramkumar said that MHIS-V and PMJAY will come into force from 1st November
“The Meiteis and Kukis have lived together for years.
Shillong, November 17: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Thursday demanded that the State Government should take action and monitor the exploitation of foreign meat traders who want to The killing of local meat traders with the help of robbers from the state involved in this crime.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 17,582 and the death toll has risen to
The Assistant Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, Bah Peace Marbniang has inaugurated the WJHDAMC at Mustem, West. Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday.
Surprisingly, the HPC has not yet responded and for this reason the court will take action to follow up on the case.
The Autumn Festival, which will run from April to November this year, will include the Megha Kayak Fest from 13th to 16th March, Shillong Autumn Festival from 29th to 16th April. 30th March, North East Olympics Games 30th March-6th November, Umiam Boating Regatta 2nd-6th November, Hills Festival 4th-5th November, Shillong Cherry Blossom 17th-26th November. Megha Music Festival from 17th to 19th, Literary Festival from 22nd to 22nd and Main Event from 24th to 26th, Me-gong Festival, Internation Film Festival from 12th to 16th November, Winter Tales Festival from 12th to 17th November , Traditional Festival which will include the Nongkrem Festival on the 6th of November and the Wangala Festival which will be held from the 9th to the 11th November this year.
Let us turn to the elections, only 21 days left to vote, whether it is for those in the government, the opposition or the new candidates.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Diengdoh said that NEHUSU has received many such complaints from various students. violence among students.
He said that in March, he will convene a meeting to review the Anganwadi Centers which need to be repaired.
They also brought with them documents for the peace talks, which the government has not yet set a date for and the talks may be held in Shillong.
There are 135 troops in the company and a total of 21,600 troops.
“Maybe it's some people or children who want to live happily ever after by forming a group.
Vidarbha started well in the first innings with both the opening batsmen scoring half a hundred runs.
He informed the meeting that the Government has already released more than T.300 crore to 35,000 Self Help Groups (SHGs) in the last four years.
This is said to be the highest award given by the British government to a snake for this brave deed.
Along with the resignation of Scindia, 22 MLAs have decided to follow Scindia and they have sent their resignation letters to the Governor. Kamal Nath's government in Madhya Pradesh, which could collapse.
He said that police have also arrested two leading leaders of the KSU including Son Nongkhlaw, Assistant General Secretary of the KSU and Ferdynald Kharkamni, President of the KSU, North Khasi Hills. Hills District and all these are still under police investigation.
Replying to a question, Bah Mawrie said that the three MLAs who want to contest from the BJP have already confirmed that they will come to join before the election.
Most Revd.Dr.P.Lyngdoh, President of KJCLF, in his speech, said that the state and the world as a whole are now in great trouble due to the invasion of many kinds of evils. these days.
“I'm glad you have such a spirit, don't be in this card,” said the mother. “I have to have you, mother, because God will be sorry if I don't,” said Peter. When the Rangbah came home, he told his mother everything that had happened.
There are many other issues that need to be addressed.
Nongpoh, Nailar 21: A few months after the governments of Meghalaya and Assam completed the border demarcation for the first time, the two Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam have signed a MoU. Home Minister Amit Shah, Meghalaya and Assam Chief Ministers Conrad Sangma and Himanta Biswa Sharma today met at the Assam Secretariat in Guwahati to resume talks. For the demarcation of the border at Wat Ba Ar in 6 border areas of Meghalaya and Assam including Block I, Block II, Psiar, Khanduli, Borduar, Mawtamur which fall under the 3 districts of Meghalaya. the state.
Three bills passed today are for the salary increase of MDCs and EC members from members and leaders including CEM, DY.CEM, Chairman and Dy Chairman.
Speaking in the House, Moonlight Pariat, who resigned, said that the District Council needs to work hard for the development of the District Council, especially in terms of its financial management.
Shillong, March 1: A man whose beard was cut off has been found by the BSF. The vehicle was burnt down by the BSF. The body of the deceased was found in a forest at Ladu village near Nongjri under Shella Police Station.
Erik Ten Hag's side beat Barcelona 2-1 at Old Trafford to draw 4-3 aggregates.
The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that as the number of people attending the meeting was small, the police did not suspect anything wrong, but even so, there may have been a stingy count on the part of the police. in Tura and this can be found after conducting investigation.
On the other hand, UDP member from 12 villages, Bah Riskhemlang Prang, said that the defeat of Dr. Jemino Mawthoh from Sohra constituency shows that the PDF party has not worked together to He said that this shows that the PDF MLA from Sohra does not respect the decisions and decisions of the coalition government in which he too has a share.
On the withdrawal of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs from the committee, Bah Lapang said that the committee should not only fight against the issues of Rangbah Shnongs but should be a committee to create ways and means how to strengthen the rules of procedure as established in the past.
He also urged them to be obedient to their parents so that their future will be bright.
The protest was led by MPYC President Richard Marak and LYC Tura President Allan Sylvester R Marak.
His believers and followers continue to preach the gospel and we are now singing and will continue to sing the song of Mary, the Song of Disruption which says, “u show me the strength of thy hand; he hath put down the mighty from their seats, and exalted them of low degree. he hath filled the hungry with good things; the rich he hath sent empty away" (Luke 1:51-53).
On the same day, Zelensky said that the evil spirit still exists and is still working today, and a fierce war is still waiting for Ukraine.
The election campaign in Sohiong constituency has come to an end with candidates and political parties having to end their election campaign on Tuesday at 4 pm.
After this, a group of Tymmen U San Seng Khasi Kmie led by the Vice Chairman Rgh Donbokstar Kurkalang, went to the village hall to thank the villagers. Behold, these signs and wonders are like, to ask the Lord God from the day that is prepared, that the works may go smoothly, that the works may go smoothly, that there may be joy and gladness. da phieng, that the duhalia should have the strength to play without shooting, but that the sound of the ksing, the tangmuri, and the kynshaw should be heard with a clean voice. , which covers the body of the virgins and virgins when they go out to dance in the lympung.
Speaking to reporters, the leaders of Bah Julius confirmed that Bah Julius will contest the 2018 elections from jail as an independent candidate.
In a statement, the Chairman of the Media Cell of the party, Samla Londoner, said:
“The T.400 tyngka is only to assist the parents in terms of the shortage of school uniforms,” he said.
It was on 31st July, after receiving a tip that there were footprints of khla in the 17th Mile area, Deban, that the team went to conduct a survey from the 17th Mile area to the 20th Mile area.
Nangsan Marbaniang (Kick Light -52kg),
The question now is, what has the Government done for the many children who do not have the opportunity to go to school? At the same time, we have to ask the groups that deal with the problems in the society whether they inform the Government so that every child or children can receive the right to educate themselves through education.
Of these 102 cases, 34 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 36 cases from West Garo Hills, 1 case from East Garo Hills, 5 cases from North Garo Hills, 12 cases from Ri Bhoi, 8 cases from South West Garo Hills. 6 people from West Jaintia Hills.
Let us cooperate with the Government because we are here for the State and the people whether it is the border demarcation or the Metor.
Guwahati: The Government of India has now received an estimate of the number of Khar Khrong in India and the estimate was released by Social Justice Minister Chand Gehlot today in the Lok Sabha. There are 22,116 Khar Khrongs in Assam, the highest number in the North East, while Mizoram has the lowest number of Khar Khrongs with 53 cases.
Shillong, July 28: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has rejected the threat of prosecution of the Prime Minister for allegedly involvement with the insurgents in Garo Hills.
The most disturbing thing now is the appearance of Bah Mitchel, because Lawsohtun village which he is strong in the MDC election falls back to Mylliem village in the MLA election. All three candidates will contest on this ticket in the upcoming elections.
On 30th November, 2022, the Special Court of the National Investigation Agency (NIA) has sent a summons to appear before the HNLC leaders Bobby Marweiñ, Marius Rynjah and Saiñkupar Nongtraw.
The market, income generation and unregulated trade have led people around the world to destroy and abuse the environment.
In the future, it will be a dress, only in the places of worship and in the places where the dress is marketed.
The meeting also decided to request all the civil society organizations to join hands to fight against these attacks on the livelihood of the indigenous people, concluded the statement from Bah Handle Mukhim, President, Meghalaya Commercial Vehicle's Union Meghalaya Shillong.
In fact, at such a meeting to call for the support of the MLAs, we should not express such behavior as we saw on that day.
We see, therefore, the wisdom and prophecy of the ancient Khasi in the field of employment.
Therefore, the union has given two days to these Dkhars to leave the village immediately and if they do not leave or continue to work without proper documents, the union will not hesitate to take action. whatever you need.
This has also prompted many people to criticize the Christmas performance of the Presbyterian Church Nongpyndeng and many have asked why they have to dress up in kynsha and wear the image of the devil. There is a lot of talk about this on social media.
This vaccine is available at the Central Vaccine Store, Pasteur Institute.
He also thanked the government officers and also the group of journalists from Ri Bhoi who were willing to take part in the friendly game and this participation of these two groups was also an encouragement. I urge the youth to have the spirit to turn to sports in the District and the state as a whole.
The main reason for the decision not to hold all the divisions this season, came after the state, the country and the world, have faced a serious threat due to the lyngshop. of Covid-19 or Coronavirus.
Hundreds of people who supported Ma Sniawbhalang came out to support him for the MLA election which will be held in the next five months as the NPP candidate. He also welcomed the Congress supporters who have joined the NPP and who have decided to give their full support to him in the upcoming elections.
He said the agreement between the landowners and the government was signed in
The opposition did not move any cut motion to discuss the shortage of T.30 crore.
Shillong: U Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma has left the government house for the Chief Minister in Polo area and has moved to Sherwood Bungalow. DD Lapang, resident of the Shillong Municipal Board, opposite the office of the Shillong Municipal Board.
Thousands of people from different villages gathered at Smit Square, the venue of the VPP party's congratulatory meeting. Nongkrem MLA D. Ricky Syngkon, General Secretary D. Ricky Syngkon, Mawlai MLA Brightsterwel Marbaniang, Mawryngkneng MLA Heavingstone Kharpran and other leaders. participates.
Shillong: Many meat shops in Shillong on Tuesday started cleaning their meat shops and not only cleaning, but also beautify and improve people by maintaining and maintaining them.
Rupang will be released on 28th November
During the inspection, the leaders of the HYC Nongpoh Circle, found and witnessed with their own eyes the facts, on the shortcomings in many areas in relation to the PHC in Byrnihat. At present, there is no doctor at the PHC in Byrnihat and this lack of doctors is very difficult for him. There are many people in the area who need to go to such health centers to get medicine or treatment.
The purpose of the visit was to inspect the condition of the Umiam Stage-I Dam and the two water release bridges and to see how the DRIP work has progressed.
“If they go to Parliament, they don't enter Parliament for five years, not just to leave because everyone speaks Hindi in Parliament,” said Rangshap.
The Committee has submitted its report to the Government and the Government has prepared a blue print for their relocation.
The Hima, Raid and Village Councils around the country should assist and cooperate with the District Councils to ensure that they do not allow those traders to enter the markets and villages. The Khasi-Jaintia Hills District Council has no license to vote.
He said that the shooting death of these four persons is a history that will be remembered forever by the people of the area and such an incident should not happen again.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah AL Hek Minister of State as Chief Guest, Bah DP Wahlang (IAS) Chief Secretary of State Government as Symbud Guest, Bah Ian Campbell Olympian, Jesper Olsen, Director, Future Football (Former World Cup Player of Denmark), MSOA Working President, Finely L. Pariat, MSOA General Secretary. John F Kharshiing, Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association and Bah Finely Pariat, General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association.
Many of the residents of Ri Bhoi District have expressed their concern that the electricity supply has been supplied to them. Many businesses have been left behind and affected in all aspects.
Thanks to God's Word, the Bible, even if the world changes, the word he has spoken will last forever.
These full leaders of the HSPDP in Umroi include Bah Pynwanbor Sylliang as President, Vice President, Bah S. Syiem, General Secretary, Bah Wanpyndap Lapang, Bah Soiroi Nongkynrih, Bah Phrangsngi Iawphniaw; Treasurer, Bah Drasing Warjri and included 30 members of the Executive Committee.
Recently, a video went viral in which Mamata Banerjee was seen threatening government officials on the request for funds for development projects, saying that the funds have been spent after 1.6 crore scheme has been distributed to women in Bengal.
Ed trainees (offline) which has temporarily suspended the examination which has been announced on the date for reasons not disclosed by the NIOS authorities. to be ready to write their exams at any time, and the date will be announced soon.
Twenty-five members of the Garo National Liberation Council (GNLA) including Action Commander Hedeo Ch Momin and four Personal Security Officers (PSOs) of the Garo National Liberation Council (GNLA) today arrived at the house of KS Kropha. Sohan D Shira's party includes Alpha Ch Marak alias Kengkik, Rikrak Ch Marak alias Salgrik, Lohon Sangma alias Adu and Archie Ch Marak alias Kating.
Lanong said the deadline for them to submit their reply tomorrow is because the MP elections in the state will be held on the 9th of June which is too late.
Lapang said that this school is the first school to receive recognition from the government to be one of the schools to have a center to conduct Matric examination from all over Ri Bhoi. it has also established other Centers.
The Minister said that the Law Department will submit its report to the government on Friday.
This law shall apply from the date of publication of this notice until another law is issued.
The body of Archbishop Dominic Jala arrived at Guwahati Airport at 2:45 pm and was taken to Donbosco Provincial House in Guwahati. Umsning Parish and Mawlai Parish at about 11:00 pm.
The President of the Seng, Naomi Lyngdoh, gave a speech on the topic “WOMEN AS LEADERS TO WIN AND STAND FORWARD IN THE WORLD OF COVID
One of the great men of the world when he stood for the post of President, he said; I didn't come here to win elections, but to tell the truth.
The Assam government plans to increase the price by T.30 per day, but this will come into effect from 1st October
Khliehriat jymmang 27: The RCC Bridge No 54/1 near Shymplong village which was flooded on the 17th of June The bridge has been completed for more than 10 months. The bridge has been covered with snow and has caused a lot of trouble to the people of the area, especially when the disease spreads. It is the only bridge connecting many villages in the border areas of East Jaintia Hills District.
Prayer is the way of the cross and prayer gives comfort, hope and healing to the sick, marginalized, enslaved and attacked.
WJH lost 2 for 92 runs, but Adelia Fedelia Lyngkhoi took two wickets for 13 runs.
According to the rules, any case must be completed all within four months except those that are murder or major crimes.
The report states that Kong Mawphlieng's reply was dated 22nd July, 2014, and she disappeared without knowledge on that day.
On the other hand, KWM without hesitation on the involvement of the contractor in the illegal quarrying of stone from the Myntdu River, the contractor after discussion promised to pay as a donation of ,00,000/- (three lakh tyngka) for the improvement of the Myntdu River.
The tournament will start on the 21st of July and will end on the 31st of July.
This is not what happened here.
This is now the case.
He said that the council has already sent to the state government that all the land within the boundary of the District Council and if demanded, the council should not lose these land.
Because the village was far away, they arrived at about 11 o'clock.
At the meeting, all the supporters urged Bah Thomas not to hesitate, even if he has to contest as an independent candidate.
In the final match of the first round at four stadiums in East Jaintia Hills District, Rymbai Shkenshynriah, Thangskai Tiger and Rymbai Iawpynsing won the title, while Sutnga SSCC and Khliehriat West won the title. It ended without anyone being able to move the jar.
The meeting was also attended by MLAs including UDP Youth Wing President Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State, Balajied Synrem, UDP East Khasi Hills President Titos W Chyne, General Secretary Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, Working President Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Vice President Bah Allantry Dkhar.
The SP said that on tip-off, police have conducted a search operation and arrested three persons from Amlarem and the stolen motorcycle was seized from Padu. , Amlarem.
He recalled that the BJP has repealed Article 370 from Jammu and Kashmir and implemented the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA).
The school was established in 1999 with the motto “Stepping Stones to Success”. Initially, there were only 7 students and two teachers. to join the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE).
Conrad said this is the first time in the state that MLAs have opposed the Governor.
Religious leaders from Muslim, Christian, Buddhist, Seng Khasi, Sikh and others, government ministers, political party leaders, MLAs and others attended the rally. other de.
The meeting was concluded with the blessings of Rev.P Myrchiang.
He said that although the state has a Piggery Mission, as he is new to the department, he cannot say how to develop the pig farming industry but he will soon meet the officers to understand how it works. this is your Mission.
The meeting will be attended by President Aristotle C Rymbai, General Secretary Ralbingland L Nonglait and other members of the Sengkmie. Executive Meeting and other matters related to the problems faced by SSA teachers in East Khasi Hills District especially the lack of timely salary of SSA teachers even after the release of the fund by the office of the State Project Director, SEMAM- The meeting will also discuss the response of the Deputy Secretary, MHRD, Government of India and the office of the State Education Mission Authority Meghalaya (SEMAM). ) on 14th November regarding the clarification on the recruitment of 5814 SSA Lower Primary and 6727 SSA Upper Primary teachers under the Samagra Shiksha scheme. A few months ago, SSA teachers were put in confusion after it was revealed in the Project Approval Board (PAB) 2019-20 for Meghalaya that SSA Lower Primary teachers are contractual with SSA Upper Primary teachers. regular gifts.
In a statement sent by MSSASA Publicity Secretary Tlanwosly Jahrin, he said that the meeting was held to elect the leaders of the MSSASA East Khasi Hills District Unit.
The funeral service will be held on the 29th June 2020 at his residence and Mawkhar Church at 1 pm.
On the other hand, MDC Mylliem constituency Bah Ronnie V. Lyngdoh said that Assam always makes false news and said that if people of other states are shot, it always blames them. they are not merchants.
Therefore, through this article, the solutions will be presented.
He said that no one can take advantage of his name if they don't know the beginning and the end because this taking advantage and signing his name affects him as a resident of the country. village.
Helping Phawa said the present government is only busy releasing more than 32 lakh tonnes of coal which NGT has already handed over to Coal India for auction. leaders and without much work on how to create opportunities for the people to mine coal and earn a living.
Three persons, including two from Assam, were recently arrested in Kamjong district of Manipur with Brown Sugar which was intended to be smuggled in a truck from Dimapur.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 34 cases and all of them are from Star Cement in Lumshnong.
Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala was born on 12th November 1951 in Mawlai Phudmawri. He joined the Salesian Society and was ordained a Lyngdoh on 19th November 1st June 2000 to visit the Archdiocese of Shillong.
In the Third Division, Laitsohphlang Sports Club beat Laitsohphlang Sports Club 1-0
On this occasion, the Seng Khasi Ri Raid Laban will also release a song entitled “Na la Rympei Vol-II”. They are invited to attend the meeting on that day (25.06.2022) at the Khasi Ri Raid Laban headquarters so that the preparations of the Union will be successful.
She also thanked the Special Purpose Vehicle Society for the implementation of Lafarge Umiam Mining Private Ltd.
We cannot go to the people and say that the party is just a uniform.
Meghalaya's deficit is less than 3 percent of GDP. The state's debt to GDP ratio is less than 30 percent which is only 25 percent now.
She said that the vaccination will be conducted at all the polio booths centers set up in different parts of Jowai, health centers and villages to provide polio vaccination to all the children who have been vaccinated. under 5 years of age.
This exhibition which has cost up to T.3 crore is just to cover up,” said Bah Dkhar.
Laitphar said that Mukroh village has been the entire territory of West Jaintia Hills District since the creation of Meghalaya in -Pnar since the time of Kulong Kumah and it also falls under the Khasi-Pnar Elaka and Hima"
The road to the crusher is from Jowai Bypass near the cow market.
The western part of the moon has 14 days of sunshine, and it is also a cold place, which can reach minus 180 degrees Celsius. , the machines of the world, can never stand.
Kishan also has a history of winning against Arunachal Pradesh at the same venue last year where he is the only one to score 100 runs. Ranji Trophy, but this time he has played even better.
He said that there are three candidates who want the ticket from Shillong.
When asked whether the Government will punish the contractor for doing the work, which has also put the people at ISBT at risk, Prestone said that the project has been implemented by the PWD (Building) and in the minds of the people, the blame goes to the contractor alone.
Besides the vehicle, the Kur youths also donated one generator to each of the two villages so that these villages can use it during the power outage.
I don't have to tell him yet if it affects his preparation although it's very good news,” said Bah Sokon while sitting in the car to come home.
After the meeting, the members of the Committee also visited the FCI headquarters at Mawlai.
“I see that this should continue and we will try to continue to give our support to the government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma as the Prime Minister. to complete these pending works,” said Bah Metbah.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The BJP Youth Wing (BYM) Meghalaya has sent a letter to the Minister of Human Resource Development (NEHU) Smriti Irani to inform the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) about the incident. There is no Vice-Chancellor.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Rituraj Ravi, on Tuesday said that the law will rule and those who violate will take the necessary action.
These are the dangers even to the movement of people who go fishing for Dohkha.
The Sein Kur Shylla Khasi Jaintia has honored 33 students of the Kur Shylla who have passed first division in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations this year at a function held at Ialong, West Jaintia Hills on Saturday.
He admitted that many leaders have been in talks to join the BJP because they have rejected the corrupt rule of the Congress government.
Dr. Shangpliang is the husband of Matilda Lyngdoh.
The Government is preparing to expand the airport at a cost of not less than T.700 crore to clear the steep hills. or not to increase.
The second is because of the destruction of wild animals.
I feel that your timely intervention is essential at this time to bring peace and stability in the region,” Saleng said in a letter to Rajnath.
Nongpoh: On the day of the rally held by the leaders of the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RIFF), Seng Kmie in Nongpoh, a loud voice was heard on the demand for ILP. The RBYF has condemned Conrad Sangma, Agatha Sangma and others for their support. In the march against the CAB, the leaders and members of the RBYF, started the march from the DTO office Nongpoh and ended at the MUDA Complex Nongpoh. The RBYF leaders, including Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, President of the RBYF, Bah LK Sawkmie, were also present. , Vice-President of RBYF, other leaders of FKJGP and HNYF, including Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, Bah Marcus Marten and other former leaders of Ri Bhoi.
Myrsing said that on Saturday, the day before the service, three pigs were slaughtered, one in the morning to prepare food for the delegates and two in the evening.
For more information, visit www.ushasew.com.
She said that the error in receiving the two question papers prepared by the State Bank of India and Canara Bank has also caused concern to the authorities of the centre, and they have tried to talk to them. On the 5th of this month when the examination started, she had the opportunity to talk to the Director Vijay Kumar after receiving information that one of them. questions is not necessary for the students and so they immediately informed the students who attempted to write all the two questions.
Assam also lost two matches.
“So some people might say that, but as a government we want our schemes to be helpful.
Adelbert expressed his surprise at the departure of the members from the ARPA without giving him the reason, or their dissatisfaction with his leadership, but they left suddenly and on his part , he said he takes responsibility that maybe it is because of him and with responsibility he has taken the decision to leave the job. The departure of his ARPA colleagues is not for any reason against the nation.
Ma Kyrmen Shylla in his speech thanked the Dorbar Shnong for not only waiting for his donation but also for their cooperation in providing the ambulance.
He said that the village authority also requests the government department in charge of these activities to enforce according to the rules and regulations, because if foreigners are allowed to enter the state, they will do anything. bad acts and ultimately the responsibility shifts to the Village and this has been happening from time to time.
Up to 73 participants, including men and women from different districts of the state, have attended the 46th tournament.
EF Gatphoh, Chairperson of Rotary Foundation Committee, MPHF announced the value of the donation of the members to the Rotary International Foundation and handed over the check to the District Governor.
The Minister also spoke on the financial assistance programmes, cash prizes and scholarships of the Government to the winners so that the youth can continue to develop their talents in sports. .
“For the states which are still in the struggle to reach the goal of development in the right areas in terms of human development, it is essential to produce skilled people. “We have not yet reached our goal and it is on this basis that we are working in the right fields,” he said.
“Regarding the violence against women, we join hands with the Catholic Association of Shillong (CAS), which will hold a Silent Peace Rally. I invite all the citizens of Meghalaya to participate in this rally which will be held on the 5th July, 2023 from 10 pm from Ïewrynghep Square, Laitumkhrah near Firebrigade to Don Bosco Square.
There are households who have only three bulbs and the bill has not reached more than Rs 2,000,” said Agness.
These tribesmen who have returned to the Sarna religion have said that their ancestors were converted to Christianity because of the persecution offered by the Christians.
The raid by the police on the farmhouse of a BJP MDC in Tura has led to accusations between the two parties in the government.
The Archbishop has invited the people of God from the three Dioceses to take part in the Eucharistic Procession of the Shillong Archdiocese which will be held on the 13th of November.
The games will be held at four venues in Pakistan and Sri Lanka.
Since the bloodshed between the Meitei and the Kuki, the Nagas have repeatedly expressed and urged that there should be peace and they have stood firm to the end.
Speaking as the Chief Guest at the opening ceremony, G Kharlukhi urged the youth to have fitness in all aspects.
The District Level Inter School Football Tournament 2024 will be held from the 11th July this year.
Kim-Marie Gerrard, 36, and Mark Tooth, 42, from Cheddleton in Staffordshire, were due to give birth on Friday, but their plans were cancelled.
Shillong: The SSBN, Shillong-793014 on 26.01.19 launched the Nongkhyriem Fiesta-V. , including Marathon, dance and song, Fancy Dress and others.
“When we tried to ask whether he saw this demand, Bah Hek did not answer and suddenly got into the car.
The President of the union said that they came to see these youths at their place of residence today.
To bring about a better future, the present needs to bring about a positive, stable, complete and truly building, developing and progressive change. in our lives and behavior.
The union also requested the farmers that if there is any damage caused by the forces of nature or damage caused by the pests, please immediately inform the relevant authorities by giving the cooperation with them, so that the office can do what is necessary.
Speaking to Mawphor after announcing his victory from Mawlai, Bah Brighstarwell said it was the victory of the foundations, the victory of the people.
The Youth Development Cell of the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has been able to produce two football teams for the U-16 and U-16 tournaments. The U-14 National Football Championship was organized by the All India Football Federation.
The Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, has released the song of Lakadong to other countries like Japan, UAE and even to Europe and the US. Commissioner & Secretary, Arts and Culture Department, Bah FR Kharkongor at a meeting held on 15th June at Vivanta, Kildare.
Ricky Kharkongor (2 min), Arjunson Kharkongor (36 min) and Arkirang Nongrum scored one goal (37min) for Umphyrnai SC.
Former Nongskhen MLA Bah Donkupar Massar has also prepared to contest the election and the new VPP has also prepared to contest the election. .
David Nongrum is the Congress MLA for the second time from Mawryngkneng Constituency.
The mother was taken to the Maternity and Child Health Hospital Jowai on 21st March 2020 at 1:00 pm but died at 12:00 pm due to respiratory failure. failure with Covid -19 infection.
Speaking to reporters, Malngiang said, “I will personally inspect in the month of November especially those places which have been allocated up to 25 to 30 lakh rupees to see how many of them have been allocated. place they were able to produce fish.
They were also welcomed at the Seng Khasi Mawkhar headquarters by the Seng leaders including the President, office bearers and the people.
Their duty (leaders) is to introduce laws that will protect the interests and rights of the people and the state.
Rest in peace Frankie in the living arms of God until we meet again.
Shillong, Jymmang 16 : Supporters of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) candidate Auspicious Lyngdoh Mawphlang from Mawphlang Constituency for the 2023 MLA election to be held on the 27th of this month have said that the election will not be fair. This is the reason why the candidate is not contesting in this constituency because of the trust of the people and not because of the power of money.
There are only a few members of the HNLC.
He said that the Council has decided to set up a special committee to look into the problems of the farmers to be headed by him in which the farmers, MDCs, traders and officials will be the members.
“We don't listen to those people who feel that they are no longer Khasi, but we listen only to those who are of Khasi blood,” he said.
The Hima has also threatened not to go to court if the state government remains silent on this issue.
Maro P Shylla scored 8 goals for Sabahmuswang while Given Son Suting scored 27 goals for Demthring.
And they gave him a good synniam.
“The heavy rainfall in the past three days has caused a lot of damage to the farmers of Ialong village and up to 30-40 households have been affected where their crops have been destroyed,” said Ma. Judge Shylla, Village Headman Ialong Village Council.
Justice T Vaiphei in his report said, “Therefore, my findings are that the Tactical Team I which went to search and arrested Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew on the morning of 13th July 2021 at 3 pm. “It was a slow, thoughtless and excessive increase in the number of security forces which led to the death of Bah Cherishterfield which could have been avoided in fact”.
The party also quoted from the Bible which says 'the children of Pongka cannot enter the assembly of the Lord until the shiphew generation'
“We are one, the same blood, we must stand on the basis of unity, we will continue to support any issues brought by any party if they are issues for the betterment. Champion said in a written statement sent to Rupang.
Kishan Lyngdoh scored 62 runs from 47 balls and Savian Blah scored 57 runs from 35 balls.
On the other hand, the Executive Committee of the MUPSTA will hold a meeting on 17th November 2015 at the residence of Bah Kenneth Shadap at Professor Colony, Shillong at 11 am to discuss the issue. to the work of the organization.
Nongpoh, Lber 19 : Despite the heavy rainfall which affected the Synod Rangbah service of the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod which ended today at NSCA Ground, Pahamsyiem Nongpoh, the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod The Synod has conducted the Synod Service smoothly despite the heavy rainfall which has prevented many of the faithful from attending the service from the morning service to the afternoon service. but the crowd of believers as many as possible flocked to the church even in the midst of the rain.
Even before the death of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Sohiong has been the focus of the media during the election campaign, due to the criticism and criticism of some speakers at the election rallies, especially Bah Amazing. Kurbah, who used to speak and campaign for the UDP party. Bah Samlin also had his own views in his election campaign speech, but after the death of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, his campaign method it was different.
For the year 2022-23, Conrad said the state's share of revenue collected by the central government is expected to reach T.6,264 crore.
Besides, there were explanations from the clay makers from Nyrnai, Jaintia Hills who brought their khiews and explained to those who wanted to listen, how they make these khiew ranei.
The General Secretary of the Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MYC), Shillong City, Bah Anish Syiem, recalled that during the Congress rule, the price of a tyre was only T. reached T.1200 spah which has affected the poor families.
He performed at the International Festival on Inter-Cultural Dialogue between the North East and South East Asia (2010).
The CBI on Saturday said it has launched raids at 13 locations of the company, including Surat, Bharuch, Mumbai, Pune and other places.
Jowai: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Syndai Unit today expelled and sent back several foreigners who came to work in Syndai Village without proper documents.
He therefore urged the teachers to renew and take responsibility for the benefit of many churches and to be able to contribute to the society and the country as a whole.
Antonio said that this is no longer a new problem for the Council, but it is a problem that the Council has faced many times that it cannot pay the bills of the contractors.
In other areas where it was necessary to write, all the barikor took part in sborrong with snaps of deititi according to the spread of the society.
But the 144,000 Israelites are God's chosen ones.
He can do such a thing only because he cannot control the kingdom.
He also asked why they don't appoint Home Guards of the state, many of these Home Guards who are from the state do not have adequate jobs.
Rabia is one of the financiers of Hamas militants to fight against Israel, the IDF said in a statement. Dozens of fish have died in a Bongaigaon pond and were found on Sunday.
This is according to a statement sent by the Moderator of the Assembly, Rev D Rymbai.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HSPDP) will hold its Central Executive Committee on the 19th of this month at 11:30 am at the MLA Hostel Conference Hall, Khyndailad.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Hundreds of residents of Mihmyntdu District under the leadership of the MPUF have marched to Thadlaskein Block to demand their rights through the MLA scheme. The scheme is known as the Special Rural Work Program (SWRP) and hundreds of people have applied for the scheme.
The Government needs to ensure that when implementing any building, it should use good durable and strong materials that match the shape of the building such as nar rod, stone, dewbilat. dewbilat should be strengthened well then the color when cleaning the road needs to be strengthened well color most of the time the road is dirty due to too little color needs to be monitored so that the buildings are clean to avoid damage later that it will bring benefits and blessings to the people and not harm.
When asked about the issue of peace talks with the HNLC, he said, “The issue of the HNLC is still on the way to continue the talks and I cannot say that on the 29th, we will be able to talk. This is also an issue, because it is an area that still requires frequent meetings and consultations.
As a state, from the political parties, government ministers, district councils, the Dorbar Trai Ri and all the indigenous people we have opposed and expressed our rejection of the CAB in the past years.
Meghalaya needs to win this match to finish in the Top Two to qualify for another round.
Bansiew Kharsyntiew I have been helping you from time to time.
This shop is located at Passah Market, Jowai.
However, I don’t want to say too much about it but let the law do its thing.
During these days, a drawing competition, trekking, quote writing competition on the life of Mahatma Gandhi and others will be held.
Earlier, the Peoples Democratic Front (PDF), which has 11 MDCs, won the NC elections held on 20.11.2019, with 14 seats. Three MDCs from the ruling United Democratic Alliance (UDA) including Mitchell Wankhar NPP, Alvin Khyriem Sawkmie Mawlong NPP and Macdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong Mawlong PDF were elected.
Chattisgarh: While Christians were holding a service in central India, they were attacked by a group of robbers with sticks, stones and sticks.
Abraham became Israel.
He said that under the leadership of Rikman as president, many people in Garo Hills have started to accept the BJP. Winnerson's joining the BJP shows that the BJP will win the MP election, and in the near future there will be former and current MLAs who will join the BJP. He has been elected since 1993 and is the oldest MLA in the House.
The Comptroller Auditor General (CAG) has revealed that there are 454 Utilization Certificates (UCs) pending relating to T.3,436.01 crore. warranty that this expenditure is made in accordance with the purpose for which the expenditure is authorized.
The director of photography is Amos Suting and the song is composed and produced by Daribor Riahtam.
The Secretary of the Union, Samla S Pyngrope, said that the youths will hold an emergency meeting on Saturday at Jingkieng Nongthymmai, Shillong, to discuss the activities of the Association especially on this issue. The Government has extended the deadline for the re-employment of these youths after the protests in June this year.
Shillong, July 04 : U BJP MLA from Shillong South and Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Sanbor Shullai, on Tuesday said that the dewbilat being implemented in Meghalaya is not related to the body. beat.
He said that the Fire Brigade, on receiving the incident, rushed to the scene and took two fire engines from Umiam PS. Five more fire engines came from Shillong.
If 73 teachers have been suspended by the government only from schools in East Khasi Hills, how many hundreds will be suspended from other 11 districts of Meghalaya.
The announcement by the Chief Minister to start the border demarcation after the Independence Day celebrations has stirred up the villages that are most affected by the border dispute as the Khasi residents live in these areas. The land is not fertile and is ready to be transferred to Assam.
After a thorough evaluation, BOCA selected 10 candidates for further training in Bangalore.
The owner's car is different because I take good care of it,” said Bah Living. “As I told you, only 120,000 is enough,” said Bah Living.
At the meeting, Bah John F Kharshiing, Adviser & Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, also handed over to Ernest Mawrie, President, Meghalaya BJP the recommendations of the report of the National Commission. The NCRWC Commission was established during the tenure of Prime Minister Vajpayee and submitted to the Government of India on 31st March
I have received it.
When the BJP raised the issue in the Assembly, Nitish and Prime Minister's Adviser Tejashwi Yadav were not present in the House.
Rymbai players initially had too many balls but during the game Rymbai players tried their best to turn the goal but Rangdajied's skilled defenders did not allow.
Bah Mukhim said that the Sordar is not in charge of the Dorbar Shnong and it is not appropriate to allege that the Sordar treats foreigners as foreigners and this word is not used within the Dorbar Shnong.
As the days go by, the problems face the Jaidbynriew.
However, the Speaker, Abu Taher Mondal, stood firm and conducted the Dorbar without listening to the demands of the opposition.
About 30,000 farmers have been blocked from entering Delhi today.
The meeting was also attended by the office bearers of the COVID-19 Coordination Committee set up by the state government, which is headed by MLAs as Chairman in each constituency and the DC as Member Secretary. Through this meeting, the issues discussed were more important for the creation of security measures in Nongpoh, which is also the place to look after the check the requirements elsewhere, especially when there are any news related to the number of cases of COVID-1
He said that the TMC has promised to deceive the people like the West Bengal Student Credit Card Scheme. up to 10 lakh tyngka to continue their studies by paying a small fee but the TMC has failed in this too.
Other teams that Meghalaya will face include Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Bengal, Chandigarh, South Africa and Uttar Pradesh.
On Tuesday, Additional District & Sessions Judge Syeda Shahzadi Najaf sentenced Amad to death while Nauman was sentenced to life imprisonment for violating the law during the left.
Jowai, Naiwieng 20 : The West Jaintia Boxing Association (WJBA) and the MPUF on Saturday welcomed and honored three boxers from West Jaintia Hills. to take part in the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 in Shillong.
He later allegedly dumped her body about 200 meters away from the scene of the murder.
Now, besides the fact that the “iktiar Kñi” has disappeared, there is no help from the law to recognize the “iktiar Kpa” which has followed all the Khasi people.
Similarly, the Thma u Rangli Juki (TUR) condemns the lathi bombing of the people who came to the HYC public meeting and who were passing by the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
“I am an MLA, I am a resident, I feel the need to come, I came, I have done my job, I have invited you to the meeting, we will invite you,” she said. .
This is to save people from the hassle of borrowing money from various banks and also to save them from high interest rates.
As witnessed across the constituencies, the departure from one party to another, the departure from one party to another party is very strong when the elections are closed.
Jowai, Nailur 06: The Hynniewtrep National People's Federation (HNPF) West Jaintia Hills District (HNPF) has strongly condemned the attempt to forcibly annex the Labang-Nongphyllut and Pangam Raliang Block-I into Assam.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 24: Leaders of the KSU, Nongpoh Circle this evening have arrested a foreigner while he was walking in Nongpoh, after suspecting that he was carrying these illegal drugs. weapons inside the bag which is suspected according to his outward appearance that there may be something inside his bag.
Shillong, Lber 16: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle has expressed its deep anger over the allegation by Government Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh that Mawlai is a slum area. Mawlai, Donbok Kharlyngdoh, said that the KSU has demanded that within 24 hours, Ampareen should apologize for her remarks, otherwise the KSU will take another step to release her. They said that the village has lost its cleanliness by cleaning up the garbage trucks that come from Laitumkhrah which is the village of Ampareen.
The PWD North Jowai Division, its presence in Jowai has brought convenience to all the residents of Jaintia Hills as it looks after not only Laskein Block but also the villages under Thadlaskein Block.
“There have been many discussions on the choice of Wayanad, but the most important thing is that it is a place that has links to two other states, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu,” he said.
“In 1947, before the independence of India and the partition between India and Pakistan, tens of thousands of Bangladeshis (East Pakistan at that time) were brought to Tripura until the indigenous people became low paid. In 1952, the AFSPA was implemented to violate the rights of indigenous people and to shoot them if they protested for their rights. Mizoram through the Air Force and if it has any thoughts for the indigenous people, will it do this?” said Bah Samuel.
The explanation of Bah George Kim did not believe exactly that he said that he knew where there were such people.
The MNF has won only 9 seats, the BJP 2 seats and the Congress 1 seat in the MLA elections. You are God.
On the other hand, the union said it expresses its concern that these coal trucks can go to Byrnihat to sell coal and abroad.
After the Legislative Assembly approved the bill, the Government of India has not responded.
In the match which was played at Umbuda Stadium in Nongpoh, the match had to be extended to 25 overs on both sides.
The police have arrested 234 people in 2022 alone and seized drugs worth Rs 50 crore. .
“Such statements should not come out, we don't like these statements, these are the times when we are facing problems and such statements will not help to calm the situation,” said the Prime Minister. He said that he has also spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma and the speech in the capacity of Chief Ministers is the basis of both the parties. State Government on the issue of demarcation.
Speaking on the occasion, Amit Shah said that under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the country has improved significantly in terms of the use of computers.
In fact, Meghalaya as one of the states in the North East is rich in rivers, streams, and creeks which can attract a lot of people. guests.
The 1st Meghalaya State Level Pro-Fight Championship 2019 was inaugurated by Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Dy.CEM of KHADC as the Chief Guest, in the presence of Bah Teibor Pathaw EM of KHADCA. and MDC of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Angelus Sun President of MTAM and others.
Miranda Lambert, Jason Aldean and Jimmie Allen will take part in the 50th CMA Fest from July 8 to 11 in Nashville.
Matthew 1:2.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Bah Titos W Chyne said that he too is in the dark about the defeat which he did not expect to lose. Titos suspected that the main reason for his defeat was the Congress money in Sohra a few days before the polling day.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The World Mission on the 23rd of this month will launch the book 'Foreign Mission' by Rev. GR Sancley.
The video shows that the workers have to cover themselves, then beat and cover their bodies, some of them patrong their hair and lymbub ha biar and this is part of the punishment. , by your own will.
The next morning I broke the bread, and all my sheep were ready.
Russian warplanes have shot down and damaged four Ukrainian troop ships in the Black Sea that were trying to leave the area, the Russian Defense Ministry said.
To mark the National Girl Child Day, the District Legal Services Authority (DLSA), Mawkyrwat, on Monday held a public awareness program on the “Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses” POCSO) Act-2012 & Early Marriage” at Photjaud, South West Khasi Hills District.
“In our state there are offices of the Government of India, such as Banks, NEHU, NEEPCO, NEPA and in these, most of the employees are from outside the state. “It's a good idea to write exams and work for yourself in these offices,” said James H.Mawphniang.
He said that the Khasi language has been taught in schools and studied up to the PhD level. Besides, the Khasi language has been made the synrop language of the Meghalaya government and the notification has been issued since 4th June, 2005 and The Khasi language was used in government offices.
However, HSPDP MLA KP Pangniang read out the letter showing that the teachers have been appointed and not adhoc. take measures to transition from contract work to ad-hoc work.
“I am surprised that his love is so great that he helps me with the household chores to clean, cook and clean, even though I never ask him to help,” she said in court.
The march will be the largest in the state if the government calls for talks before that day, said the teachers.
The decision was sent to the Central Government in July 2019, but till now, the decision has not reached any conclusion.
Samlin's resignation to the NPP is that Prestone's blindfold has been broken when Samlin still thinks that the youth will join the NPP. 2018 u pang nud, to see his lie, we cannot say that he signed a letter which the people of Mawlai have asked for support regarding the shooting death of Bah Che in which Samlin said this It is true that he signed it for the sake of the people. The people of Mawlai expect him to speak in the Legislative Assembly.
Karen alleged that Jois used to sleep with her and used to insert his manhood into parts of her breasts.
In both the matches, all of them lost because they couldn't even score a single goal.
In terms of legislation, the Central Government will introduce the Chief Election Commissioner and other Election Commissioners (Appointment, Conditions of Service and Term of Office) Bill, the Post Office Bill, the Advocates (Amendment) Bill, and the Press and Registration Bill. of Periodicals Bill.
Praising the MDA government for taking this step to resolve the border, Bah Mayral said that the MDA government has tried and therefore they want the support of the government because they understand that in independence, the response will always be there.
The Joint Party Committee of the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) which has joined hands with the NPP, UDP and BJP recently decided to invite all the leaders and officers of the JHADCSA to speak. various council departments.
The Director of Tourism said that she has not received any complaint but has seen only in the media.
There is no one who is poor or rich before the law.
You said the streets? The National Highways that have been constructed are not in good condition because the condition of the roads that have been constructed is not in a proper manner.
In these days, when the change of name is a matter of great importance, it was agreed that the word Education should become an appropriate name in these days.
“We cannot accept this figure given by the JHADC because according to the situation in Jaintia Hills, foreigners from all over the country have come to trade.
The Special Court NDPS Act, Patiala House Court, New Delhi, in No. 218, concluded the case by saying that there was insufficient evidence to prove the violation.
The release of money to the contractor has not come with the completion of the work.
In addition, there are many ways to help those who have become addicted to drugs such as Drugs Anonymous, drug de-addiction centers and drug counseling centres.
He encouraged the spirit of service to continue to spread to each and every youth and resident of the area.
The award was received by the Commissioner and Secretary of the State Dr Vijay Kumar on behalf of the Government of Meghalaya.
When the HNYM members carrying flags and placards tried to turn to the Secretariat, the police also threatened not to allow them at all as Section 144 CrPC already prohibits the gathering of people. more than three people in the Secretariat.
The KSU said that the number of cases is increasing day by day, so the people should think and strive to stay at home, avoid traveling and be clean.
“The time has come to appoint legislators, not leaders, legislators who do not change, who do not change their minds, who do not hold their ground for the sake of the nation and who do not hold on to foreigners if they do not respect others. ," he said, adding that the roster system was introduced by a Garo woman and not by him.
, (RMPL) as the Copyright Society for Sound Recording in India under Registration No: CS/03/SOUND RECORDING/1
The HYC and NEHUSU have decided to hold a protest by marching from Motphran to the Secretariat after the delay of the State Government in releasing the scholarships to the students.
“We have held a meeting inside Sonia Gandhi's office, I have myself, Vincent Pala-MP and Rahul Gandhi. Gandhi, Vice President of the AICC, I have informed them as it is,” said Lapang.
Police have launched a search operation to track down the girl.
The training on Integrated Training was conducted by Bah Habandajop Lyngdoh who was the Trainer of SURE. The training was attended by SHG members who are also farmers at the same time.
Kynshi, July 20: The residents of Kynshi Diwah Lawkariang today were filled with joy after receiving their full Sordar, Samla Ronald Stone Marweiñ.
he may pretend to be at peace, but often in the depths of his heart he is filled with guilt and there is no peace there.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and the Federation of Garo People (FKJGP) have demanded from the state health department to appoint doctors and provide for the needs of three health centers in War Jaintia.
However, the group has become stronger with the addition of new members in recent days including Finland and Sweden which will become full members of NATO. On Monday, Biden said he would soon meet with Erdogan.
(b) If you experience that feeling of coldness and thirst from time to time, increased swelling or weight loss.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma of the National People's Party (NPP) has won the mid-term elections from South Tura constituency by 8420 votes over the second running Congress candidate Charlotte W Momin.
Of these 8 foreigners who have been expelled from the HYC, 6 of them were led by a Khasi owner to work inside the Synnou Hotel or Nongstoin Club House near the Basketball Court. one who worked as a mystery worker in a Khasi house near Bank Nongkyndong and another who worked with another Khasi in a shop.
Shillong, Nailar 01: The meeting of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by CEM Bah Pynshngain N Syiem and the political parties opposed to the Twolane Road has decided to cancel the decision to The Ministry of Road Transport has issued a No Objection Certificate (NOC) for the construction of the two lane road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji.
The 38-year-old Mouma Das, who has won five national titles, reached the quarterfinals after beating Diya Chitale 4-3 in the women's singles.
In this meeting, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Legislative Assembly of Hynniewtrep, requested and urged Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, MLA & MDC, CEM, KHADC that the KHADC authorities should take action to expedite the enactment of Laws and Rules which shall preserve, improve, and enhance the Customs and Traditions.
These states include Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Mizoram, Nagaland and Sikkim and parts of Himachal Pradesh, Rajasthan, Uttarakhand and Jammu and Kashmir.
Initially, the project was implemented in South West Garo Hills and through the app, the number of women has increased from 44 percent to 76 percent. poor people who go to health centers to give birth only for 6 months.
Pateng Marsing said that when the union tried to get information from the people, they said that the reason for not allowing them to register in Assam is because of the lack of attention of the Meghalaya and district governments. The Council is also the same, because even though the people have completed all the documents, they are stuck in the boxes, which are in the Secretariat and District Council.
In the middle of that storm, they went up and down and followed by a rest on Maw, near the Dohkha Lake known as Umiaphati.
He said that although they have faced persecution, they have not hesitated to stand up and believe that if they don't do it, no one else will do it.
The report of the Privilege Committee was submitted by Saleng A Sangma and according to the report it found that Zenithsky had violated the rights of John Leslee K Sangma as MLA and therefore he will have to be punished.
Others who attended the ceremony included Rev. Hilarious Lamare, Parish Priest Jowai, Tina Lakiang, Head Teacher Cum Secretary, MDC Octomewot Lamin, local MDC Brightstar Chyrmang. , teachers, Sisters and others who have been invited.
Since childhood he has enjoyed playing football and hockey and has represented his village and village in these games.
As I remember in the past 95 years, I have heard that during the rainy season, the songs of famous Khasi singers such as Bah UN Sun, Bah Anthony Kongwang and so on. .
Speakers at this service included Tbn.M Mawphniang, Tbn.G.Namsaw, Bah Shemphang M Khongjoh and Rev.BSwer was the chief speaker. u Blei to thousands of faithful at the afternoon service today.
In fact, the BJP-led Central Government has encouraged the use of LPG cylinders but the price of the cylinders is high and puts pressure on the poor households.
“We will completely change the District Council, because as of now, the District Councils between the Karbi Along Autonomous and Khasi Autonomous don't know who knows better how to implement the 6th Schedule,” he said.
Police have recovered several used AK rifles from the scene.
The NPP has only two MLAs and 15 MDCs including BJP and GNC MDCs. There are 24 MLA constituencies in Garo Hills.
He said that the Shnong authorities will not be able to take action if the company's actions are excessive.
When the wise men left Herod's palace, the star appeared before them to lead them back to the town of Bethlehem.
Also present were the Technical Director of MBA and JT Secretary of BFI Larry Kharpran.
He suffered from refractory septic shock, COVID-19 pneumonia, CAD and hypothyroidism.
After the opening ceremony, HDR launched the flag of the rally, which is also a group that marches around Shillong to announce the rules of walking on the roads.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Teiñwell Dkhar, MDC Shella, T.Bn SK Laloo, Sordar of Mawlong District, Bah K.S. Diengdoh, Secretary Mawlong District and others.
After receiving these answers, James Ban asked for the census according to the districts. Sylliang said that in East Khasi Hills 216, in West Khasi Hills 31 and in South West Khasi Hills 14 districts. , 147 in Ri-Bhoi.
Quantavious Eason was taken to the police station in April last year (2023) by a policeman for investigation for going out in public and behind his mother's car in the parking lot.
He said that many of the DPSPs such as Panchayats, Cooperatives and Right to Education have been converted into laws, and it is time to implement Article 44 of the Constitution.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The area from Motphran to Khyndai Lad, which used to be crowded with Dkhars selling juti, alumuri and other items, has become quiet today, without any shopkeepers and market vendors.
AASU Chief Advisor Samujjal Bhattacharya said the AASU welcomes the decision of the Supreme Court to dismiss the PILs from Assam and Tripura as the CAA has conflict with Assam. Agreement.
After leaving Ummat, the EMs of KHADC came to Mawlasnai and held a meeting with the village leaders where they discussed the issue of boundary demarcation.
Superintendent of Police (City) East Khasi Hills District, Bah Vivek Syiem, in a statement sent to the media, said that after receiving a tip that there is a gang in the area, truck drivers and forced the owners to buy jhur at a low price.
Conrad answered.
On this occasion, the students of the university applauded the Lamphang for his speech in the presence of the Vice Chancellor of the University, Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla. at the meeting.
The BNP has also supported the claim of Ahmed's relatives that he was abducted by law enforcement agencies, but Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina said police have not arrested the leader. BNP, but they are looking to arrest him.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU-SWKH) will meet with the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma after he failed to hold talks with the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya on the issue of T.27 crore for the construction of the 40 kilometer road from Weiloi to Rangblang.
“We have been fighting for the recognition of the Khasi language for a long time since the 1980s but our struggle has stopped because the main reason is that the MP does not speak on this issue in Parliament,” said Dr Sylvanus. Rupang asked for advice.
Speeches were also delivered by many youths and elders who spoke on the occasion. Samla Wallambok Syiemiong, Chairman of SSSS South-West Khasi Hills. He said that we should be intelligent, we should be aware of the purpose of this road, and he also suggested that this road should connect these areas with Ranikor, but not Samla Wallambok questioned the Government's willingness to install Two-Lane in one of the villages which has only Phra Ing.
Up to 31 students who passed the SSLC and HSSLC 2021-21 examinations and who scored the highest marks in Science and Mathematics were also awarded with a cash prize of T.
Earlier, the court had decided to decide on the powers of Rangbah Shnong today; However, due to the lack of time, it has been postponed to the 16th of this month.
He said that there are also schools which don't even have tin-sop which has caused a lot of trouble to the students when it rains.
In this incident, all the items loaded inside the truck were completely destroyed and not a single item was still available for use, as they were destroyed by the fire.
“When asked, he said, “The party leaders have not yet asked for the names of the candidates although there have been some who have applied for tickets but we have not been able to send them to Delhi because leaders still haven’t asked for it.
The order was issued while the High Court was hearing on the government's permission to open one shop and another shop despite the order not to allow them to open. new shops were opened near Wah Umïam.
In the third division, Iooksi Youth Welfare beat Moodymmai 3-1
The President of the BJP Mairang Mandal also confirmed 10 office bearers of the BJP Maroid Area Unit including Bah Prai Rani as President, Bah Lam L Nonglait and Bah Wanding Nonglang. Rel L Mawnai was appointed as Vice President, Janita Wahlang and Gloria Shabong were appointed as Assistant Secretary.
Therefore, we express our deep sorrow regarding the Government's violation of the protocols in relation to this Covid 19 pandemic. They have to ban but these foreign workers are still allowed to come and work in this land of Hynniewtrep.
“It is for this reason that the KSU has always shouted 'We are Indians by force and Khasi by blood'
These two are also very important in Meghalaya, and he said that it is necessary to ensure that those who give birth and children return home in a safe, healthy and ASHA. “She urged the senior doctors to assist the DM&HO because he alone has been responsible for doing the job. She promised to do her best. He said that he will sit down to discuss with the MLA of the area, as well as with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to express that it is urgent to rebuild the hospital. Old PHC to be rebuilt in a proper manner.
Tbn.Bristing Roy Dhar, Nangbah Presbyterian Church, has passed away on the 16th August
The distribution of rice is that AAY will be distributed at 5 kg per head only to those who do not have AAY Ration Card and PHH will be distributed at 5 kg per head only to those who do not have PHH Ration Card. AAY will be distributed 1 kg per month to those who have AAY Ration Card. PHH will be distributed to 1 kg per month to those who have PHH Ration Card. AAY will be distributed 1 kg per month to those who have AAY Ration Card. PHH will be distributed 1 kg per month to those who have PHH Ration Card. If they find that the dealers do not provide the kilos of rice or ask for money, they should immediately lodge a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District for punishment. to them according to the laws laid down by the Government.
Also present on the occasion were Garod LSN Dykes, Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Gabriel Wahlang MDC/MLA of Nongstoin Constituency, Methodios Dkhar MLA of Mawchynrut Constituency, RG Momin MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency. Warjri MLA Mawthadraishan constituency and others.
Shillong, June 14: The Chief Secretary to the State Government, Bah Donald P.Wahlang on Thursday informed that the State Government has decided to find a new site for the construction of a garbage dump. It is far from Shillong.
Nishanta, who hit 11 fours and a six, and Aman managed to score 91 runs before the loss of the second wicket.
Speaking to media, Tongkhar said the District Committee set up by the state government includes the KHADC, Hima and others and is the most important committee. to discuss and carry out the works relating to the settlement of the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
What makes people not afraid and at peace even in the midst of the storm? Let us look at some of the Word of God, how people find peace even in the midst of the storm.
Babu Spastarlin Nongrem, Organizer of the party, who has been visiting the villages to meet the people to ask for their support for the upcoming election, said that although he does not know whether The party will not give him a ticket to contest from this constituency next year but when he sees that the people are facing many problems in all aspects he will not hesitate to find ways and means how to help them. .
He said that the elders who attended the meeting said that they have complained many times to the Syiem of Sohra Hima but he has not listened to their complaints and has ignored them.
What about the people in these states who do not want change? It is a fact that the people do not want to reject any government that they understand is helping them.
According to the source, it is shocking to learn that IFS officer Manjunatha who holds the post of Secretary Veterinary Department and other departments of the State Government has died due to high blood pressure.
Wow what a God!!!! I have never seen such a thing in my youth.
Furthermore, when they show mercy to the poor, they look only at those who are within their own group, at those who belong to other groups, and even if they suffer greatly, they do not look at them with one eye.
On receiving a tip, police rushed to the scene together with the magistrates of West Khasi Hills to find out the truth about the incident.
Therefore, those who have the opportunity to read this, I urge all of you to pray before choosing a leader because if God creates and leads, Satan will flee.
Shillong: The Crowborough Hotel in Khyndai Lad will be opened in November 2020 and will employ at least 500 people, said Sanbor Shullai, Chairman of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC). young men who are not wise.
The match today (05-03-2022) will be between Imson SC and Sawmer S at 3:30 pm.
On this day, the District Council officials started the raid from 11 am and by the end they had raided about 28 shops and petrol pumps. Out of these 28 shops, it was found that there were only 7 shops which did not have Trading License, but many of the shops were closed when the District Council officials visited the area. let's go.
According to the Rangbah Shnong of Nongthymmai Kyndiar, Bah Run Khong Lanoh, the Syiem has also placed wood for the house to prevent it from rotting. them to use and now they are gone.
Shillong: The National Commission for Women (NCW) has taken action after receiving reports that a young woman has been raped and abused by four men.
The-founders-of-the-UDP-Nongstoin-who-are-posing-with-the-President-after-the-award.
Shillong, Nailur 05: After the city of Shillong has started to lose its reputation as 'Shlem Pule' in these days, the government once again wants to restore the reputation of Shillong. Now.
What you have is a spah bah.
In the first raid conducted on the 11th of this month, police seized 4.23 grams of heroin from a vehicle number ML-10A-4268 at Moopala.
They didn't get teamed up with the crowd.
The shooting of Bah (L) Cheristerfied Thangkhiew by the police with the knowledge and understanding of some officials of the MDA government (if true) will be a terrible threat because they will not escape the trial and God's punishment for them.
“The time has come for us to speak out and do something.
Therefore, if there is wealth, they want the power of the throne.
Therefore , we should not misunderstand that if we say that we have our own Hima or Elaka , how many more countries do we have in Bri Hynniewtrep ? And in the land of Hynniewtrep there are many kurs and jait and if we count those different kurs , how many jait are there in the Bri Hynniewtrep ? Then let us add these tribes and we will get the Khasi people.
He said that these teachers will sit down tomorrow to protest against the management of the college, where they work, as they please and this has put pressure on the work of the college in these years. that day.
“At such a time, we rely on the money from the sale of Synsar, when we need to pay school fees, buy school books for our children and other household needs. sem, but the price of Synsar this year has caused problems to the people in the area,” said Bah Diang Namsaw.
Another scheme he has implemented is the Swach Bharat scheme of 12 lakh tyngka in which he could not give only the names of the office bearers and he only gave the figure that they have already released. lakh 80 thousand on 19/12/2018 he has already paid 3 lakh 60 thousand but the implementation of the work has not been completed.
The child called for help from the villagers and after the arrival of the villagers at the scene they could not do anything, until the mother lost her precious life. .
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday celebrated its 36th Raising Day by raising its flag at the IB of MeECL, Sumer. , Ri-Bhoi District.
The man opened a shop in Nongstoiñ.
Our State Government should immediately release the promised salary of the workers.
Referring to the Leader of the Opposition, Dr Mukul said that it is up to the Speaker of the House to take decisions because there are rules and regulations that have been followed in the past. depth.
Regarding Prof. Henry Lamin's attempt to explain that the main factors in the development of the university depend on the publications, new discoveries collected and published in national/international journal; MeTTA appreciates the Research Scholars produced by the teachers from time to time and the Research Projects completed by the teachers. : How many of the above issues has Prof. Henry Lamin himself been able to accomplish? The answer can be found in the NEHU Annual Report and on the NEHU website www.nehu.
The song was launched by the Deputy CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem on Thursday in the presence of Executive Members, including Bah Gigur Myrthong, Bah Victor Ranee, Bah Victor Ranee, Teibor Pathaw, Grace Mary Kharpuri, Macdalyn Sawkmie Malong, Rangkynsai Kharbuki, Fanton Lakadong, employees and others who were specially invited.
Because until now, the piglets distributed to the people of Nongstoiñ area, have almost died and there are also the residents who have thrown the dead piglets in the forest, without burying them at all. and all the pigs in the city died.
“Although we don't have to oppose the proposal to turn the areas with tree bridges into Heritage Sites, we oppose the path it is taking to do this by doing it by itself without any consultation and without any consultation. Call together the owners of the land, the caretakers of the jri bridges but they are used by those foreign scientists who don't know anything about the jri bridges which have been planted by our ancestors for thousands and hundreds of years and maintained. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Morningstar Khongthaw, President of the Living Root Bridges Foundation.
In another development, the State Youth Wing of the United Democratic Party (SYWW) through a statement from Rayonald Kharkamni, Chief Organizer, has expressed its regret over the mismanagement of the state government's funds during the period. When she opened the Meghalaya House in Kolkata, she also criticized the government for wasting state funds while the contractors have not been able to pay their debts and they are still in debt. .
It also says that the word two by two comes from what was written in the days of Noah and that was one man and one woman.
The Minister said it is difficult for him to know the problems of the people if the leaders do not come to meet and inform about the needs of the people in the field of health.
Leaders from civil society, student organizations and political parties have acknowledged that this is the victory of the people of the entire North East.
Before the independence of the state, the United-Khasi Jaintia Hills District Council had this ILP and even since the time of the British rule, the Bri U Hynniewtrep has had the ILP but since the independence of the state. , the ILP has become one of the laws of the new state.
Speaking to media, u Bah Mayral Born said that today he came to meet with the Minister in charge of PHE to discuss the issue of supply of water to the households in Ribhoi District through the JJM scheme.
“In the upcoming Olympics, one from Meghalaya can win medals and the government has introduced the STAR Talent Identification Program to recognize the athletes and coaches,” he said. Chief.
Chengkam Sangma took one wicket for 55 runs, Abhishek Kumar took three wickets for 54 runs while Chirag Khurana (2/42) and Rajesh Bishnoi (2/47) took two wickets each. 19).
Shillong: The Government today approved to provide uniforms to the children of contractors registered under the Meghalaya Construction Welfare Board.
Only emergency vehicles, pharmacies, health workers, milk suppliers, tyndong lyer and the media are allowed to travel during the curfew.
“We must take a farsighted view of the problems of the country and the nation as a whole.
Because even those who have become Christians do not dare to do such evil deeds which offend God and their fellow men.
Presenting the Report Card on the achievements of the MDA Government in the last four and a half years, Sangma said, “I have returned to the services of my Government with pride and satisfaction.
The Director General of Police (DGP) has set a target to maintain law and order in the State and to prevent crime.
The village said that the social contract was signed with Adhunik Cement Ltd in 2006 and during the time that Adhunik Cement Ltd was running the factory, this has never happened before. However, after the purchase of Adhunik Cement Ltd by Dalmia Bharat Cement Ltd, from time to time there have been problems because this company has violated the social agreements with the village.
It is necessary to sing our own songs, which I will try to include a few of them below.
The singers of the song include Banker Khongjee, Kyrshan Khonglam, Albanus Khongstid and Baron Mylliemngap.
After the arrest of the 13 persons, about 60 people turned to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills and demanded the immediate release of the arrested persons within 10 hours or else they will hold a protest. DC West Garo Hills Pravin Bakshi said:
Almost all the states in the region have received ILP for many years, Meghalaya, which has been fighting for 40-50 years, has been told by Amit Shah to force the railway, and he does not want to talk about ILP. I don't have a railway, when all the states have railways, ILP too.
"It's impossible for her to fall from the door along with her body," Berlin told reporters.
That is, 1290 + 45 days = 1335 days.
During the opening period, only 3.23 crore households in rural areas were supplied with piped water at home.
“We have left colleges and offices to support Bah Paul.
Ramesh Chamlegi, Brig.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly on Tuesday 7th June 2021 will summon the Superintendents of Police, Deputy Commissioners and the Chairperson of the Women Commission to seek answers on the incidents of violence against women in the whole state.
