The CCIB has already decided to meet the CEM of JHADC and strongly condemn his approval at a public meeting held at Dawki on Saturday.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: DoNER Minister Jitendra Singh will arrive in Shillong tomorrow to inspect the preparations for the visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The total number of cases has risen to 1,207 and the death toll has risen to 1,4
He also mentioned the potential of South Garo Hills in tourism and the need to take action to cooperate in this regard.
The Committee is headed by the Minister of State for Law, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh and will include leaders from other political parties.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Guests, Dr Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya and Bah AL Hek, Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Government of Meghalaya.
However, it was found that none of these foreign workers had proper documents.
Therefore, those outside the Raid are urged not to believe in buying land on the land of the Ri Raid Nongkhlieng.
He said that after escaping, he returned home, but he was not happy anymore because the Assam Forest Officer sent him to search every day.
VHCs are now working in Subcentres which we have recently upgraded in Meghalaya to act as bridges between the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to provide adequate services to them. the public and the residents of the state.
The 10 MLAs include Saitu MLA, Haokholet MLA Kipgen, Tengnoupaul MLA Letpao Haokip, Churachanpur MLA LM Khaite, Kangpoki MLA Nemcha Kipgen, Tipaimukh MLA Ngursanglur Sanate, Saikot MLA Paolienzang, Lengzang MLA Haokip , Saikul MLA Kimneo Haokip Hangshing and Thanlon MLA
Donald V Thabah, General Secretary of the KSU Central Body was also present at the ceremony.
The clashes began when thousands of Arema fans took to the field after their side was defeated in the match and it was reported that the crowd was fighting against the police and the police. , They had to shoot with lightning bolts, because of the clash of people and the people were set op, in the overcrowding in the crowd.
The health of the people, the ability to provide quality and affordable healthcare facilities for all citizens are important indicators that reflect development and growth in a society.
According to the research of this reporter, it was found that Tangri village, is famous for its khli (khlieng) which has also made the famous god of West Khasi Hills who (L) Skendrowell Syiemlieh to compose a song about the cleanliness of the village, and the name of the village was also mentioned in the song 'Ah Moina' sung by this singer.
At the same time, he thanked the fire brigade who rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire.
If you don't pay, don't pay or don't give to those in authority, you won't be able to employ or carry out your jobs or trade.
At the same time, he said that the party has received suggestions from lawyers and other experts on how to develop the recruitment and roster system so that the ethnic groups living in residence within the State shall not be affected.
The Supreme Court has criticized the Central Government for the difference in treatment fees between private and government hospitals.
From the first century until today Jerusalem has been the City of Bloodshed.
In the sub-junior cadet boys -32kg category, Pyniohnam Myrboh won the silver medal, Bansahnam Nongbet won the silver medal while Jefferson Ryndong and Elijackson Kurbah won the bronze medal.
The opening match of the tournament will be between Ladthadlaboh SS and Ialong Sec School at 8 pm at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Therefore, it cannot be said that the struggle for independence has begun since
The order to demolish these factories has been issued from June, 2023 and a deadline of 30 days has been set from 8th September, 2023 to complete the work.
If you are in the works of religion, You have the law to sponge the Son of the Father.
The GSU also said that such an action by a well-educated politician can lead to trouble.
The UDP said this after demands came for the convening of a special session to discuss the implementation of the Roster System of the Reservation Policy.
The Chief Justice of the High Court has been directed to appoint a District Judge to decide on the matter and to resolve the matter within three months from the date of receipt of the order.
In the Second Division, Mawrohroh Sports Club beat Mawliehpoh Sports Club 1-0 with the goal scored by Deverson Umdor in the minute. 35th.
And they told the father of the child, and he came in great distress.
Therefore, the union urges the residents and visitors not to throw garbage along the roads and to throw garbage along the road without finding it polluting the environment, but to throw it in the right places. If you find it, you will be punished.
Therefore, the Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij -12 Daloi together with the Seiñ Raij Shnong Wapung Shnong invite you all the children of U 7-Trp, 7-Skum to take your time to attend this tournament.
Wanshong also admitted that the Rangbah Shnong, Kedion Diengdoh, has refused to issue a no-objection certificate (NOC) since 2016 to supply electricity to her house. They also refused to issue residence permits and her family did not receive government schemes, including 100 days work under the National Rural Employment Scheme (MGNREGS).
On the other hand, the President of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Dondi Khongsit said that when the present government finds the mistake of the previous government, it should correct it, not just they asked each other.
At the meeting chaired by Babu T.Khonglam, Bah Titos W Chyne MLA of the area said that the education department is a department that needs to take care of itself because it is through the education system that saindur to the future.
Shillong: The girls of Ri-Bhoi District and the boys of West Jaintia Hills District have won the over all champion among the districts which participated in the State Level Inter Schools Athletic Meet today at Polo Ground, Shillong.
Out of the 21,40,453 voters in 59 constituencies, 16,05,339 voters turned out to vote, which means that 5,35,114 voters are still missing; who have not fulfilled their duty to elect the people who should go to the Legislative Assembly.
They also decided not to accept any Grand Scheme from the Government of Assam until the border is cleared even if it comes by phone or by force. They also requested the Government of Meghalaya to complete it as soon as possible. This is the demarcation of the border so that the Khadar rule can run smoothly and bring peace and development.
In July 2015, Forbes ranked him the 23rd highest paid sportsman in the world, earning US$31 million. .
God created us human beings to have a body and a soul, without a body there would be no spirit of life and without a spirit of life, there would be no body.
Anyone who violates it has violated the provisions of the law recognized by the supreme authority of the State and India.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 14: The Meghalaya State League (MSL) Football Tournament of the Mawkyrwat Zone in collaboration with the Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA) on Saturday started at Mawten Sports Club and Pyndengrei Social Cultural & Sports Club at the Artificial Turf Ground, MDSA, South West Khasi Hills District.
Manla Government is trying to find ways to resolve the border dispute with Assam, especially in the Khasi Hills, because the Foreign Government has cut off many of the border disputes with Assam. villages from the Khasi Hills and placed them in the Kamrup District of Assam.
He said that on this occasion, the party will visit the villages in Jaintia Hills to inform the public and to provide explanation and consultations regarding the government's plan to The railway line will be built in East Jaintia Hills.
Through this, voice and video conferencing can be done according to the needs of the internet users, said BSNL officials. to rural areas so that it is a more efficient and effective service.
All that can be done is to register and give the name to your husband to be the owner of the property.
No one can say that it is a very unjust act of the Central Government to send a lun daitmaw as if to increase the status of the Legislative Assembly in the State.
The District Magistrate, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah E Kharmalki on Thursday announced that the markets will be allowed to open for three days next month on Monday, Tuesday and Thursday.
The Chief Minister was speaking to reporters after the opening ceremony of the 3rd Farmers' Parliament, which was held at the State Convention Centre.
Shillong, July 12: The Public Information Act has revealed all the facts, but the Lokayukta will punish those who corrupt, the Lokayukta will recover the wealth of the people, the Lokayukta will punish those who corrupt from Chief Minister, public leaders and officers, these people were disseminated through pamphlets distributed by Tur together with various leaders to fight against corruption.
Police sources said that the suspects, Sniehkhroh and Andrew, were first arrested by the Ladrymbai Khliehdupon Police Station and handed over to the police immediately.
The Government has a vision for the players who have great talent and we need to work together with the youth and the sports associations to see the development of the players.
Witnesses said that as soon as they arrived, the youths shot dead the two foreigners and broke their food boxes.
The union said that this silence of the NHAI, is like forcing the people of the area to come out again and protest more strongly. The NHAI will not stand idly by but will follow up and stand firm on the grounds that the NHAI should understand the plight of the passengers who suffer from the poor condition of this road. .
This was announced by Bah Ian Swer, MPS and SDPO of Sohra.
How do I get rid of the coronavirus? I remember the invasion of Alexander the Great of the Greeks into India in 326 B.C. That great invader led his mighty army to invade the kingdom of King Porus.
The bench of Justice AK Sikri, who heard the case today, said, “Imat, there are no survivors”.
To encourage and motivate the young athletes, Lynti Jam Welfare Development Association together with SPT Sports Management Pvt.
They said that the land dispute was with the relatives of the sordar and for this reason he turned against them.
However, since they lived only in war, and many died in the war, all the Khasi people decided to give their jait to their mother to be the caretaker of the household.
In fact, this is a very large market where market dwellers from Assam including this state flock to the border market.
He said that NESFAS is a group that works to support women who are environmental protectors.
We see that it is not difficult to provide for the physical needs of their children, but what about the spiritual needs?
But if a person does something against the will of God – suffering falls not only on him but also on his descendants.
In the final, Donlad Diengdoh was named Man of the Match.
Supporting the Prime Minister, the Symbud Prime Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong, reminded the MLA that he should go straight with questions and not go too far and express his feelings.
“I am very pleased to see that the leaders of the NPP Party will come to Nongpoh to welcome me and Kong Rona Khymdeit as well as her followers. the NPP party,” said Bah Donboklang Khymdeit.
Prime Minister Duh said the victory of the G20 belongs to the 140 crore people of the country and is not the victory of any individual or political party.
Perhaps these are the reasons why the number of football players in the state is increasing due to the lack of assistance especially from the state government. to those who don't have the skills to play the game, you can help them to improve.
He also warned that if the BJP comes back to power in Delhi, it will immediately implement the CAA in Meghalaya.
The article said that the Khasi are only on Facebook but they are afraid. The bottom of the article shows that it was written by Gorkhali Youth Shillong.
In other matches, Real Sociedad drew 1-0 against Girona and Las Palmas drew 1-0 against Mallorca. mar the col.
May St. Don Bosco protect and support us all.
It is also expected that other private companies which will be contractors, companies, which will take over many jobs to build houses for employees and others will be included in this project. outsource work around the world, especially the special projects related to the Svamitva project.
He said that the Gas Agencies should clarify the reason for the suspension of the scheme because according to the report he has received, there is no such suspension of the scheme.
On Friday, officers from the Magistrate, DTO, PWD and Jowai Traffic together with Superintendent of Police Bikram D. Barak conducted the joint inspection and The Deputy Commissioner has decided to submit a report to the Deputy Commissioner for necessary purposes.
The intention of the Indian government to build a railway line and mine uranium in Ri Khasi is only for its own benefit and an attempt to exterminate our minority.
This is a long-term vision that we have as the government because these three roads are very important and the construction of them will be very fast,” he added.
Why can't the government ban or eradicate alcohol immediately? And why does the present central government intend to ban the consumption of meat by the citizens under its jurisdiction but not alcohol? Meat is the food that builds up the body but alcohol destroys not only the body but also the soul.
I hope that the wish of the people of Meghalaya to include the Khasi language in the official language will be fulfilled.
On Saturday, Bah Tiewborlang also held a meeting with the Sordars and Riew Rangbah to discuss the work of the Hima.
He said the government's intention to move the office of the EE Jowai North Division to Shangpung is because the North Division office of the PWD department is responsible for the roads only. for the two constituencies, Mookaiaw and Raliang.
net, Education.
Thank you very much Bah for giving me the opportunity through your newspaper to give this explanation.
Not only do they not provide assistance, but they threaten to shoot, to expel from the village...If any of the quarantined persons informs the authorities like the DCs, the village volunteers threaten not to tell the authorities or write a newspaper article.
After being shot that night, he fought and grabbed the gun from the hand of the woman and managed to escape. The old man had already ordered new locks after their flight, but the keys and other possessions had been lost.
But it doesn't matter, I was ready like Pyrsa and Kthaw.
“COME TO YOUR KINGDOM, COME!”.
I also agree with these statements of the HYC Sohiong Circle. There are many shopkeepers in Sohiong who take advantage of such times especially the price of rice because they know that without rice people cannot Even if they sell at a high price, the people will buy the rich and the rich will not be affected while the poor will be affected.
The Riew Tymmen has also signed the path of understanding in these other words: “Let us pray to God for it” – which is understandable to us all, as it were, from other thoughts and actions. work, we work, we get the path of humanity, they are another way of thanksgiving to God, in which the salvation to be mindful and take responsibility, in our humanity, according to the share, who from above.
In Sohra, the KSU South East Khasi Hills District (KSU) has gathered in Sohra to protest against the KSU's involvement in the incident in Ichamati.
N.Kingkerious Lyngdoh, Lyngdoh of Mawphlang Hima, Mawphlang Hima, has passed away on the 1st of this month. The funeral service will be held on the 4th of this month at 2 pm at the Mawphlang Presbyterian Church.
The semi finals will be held on the 20th and the final on the 27th of this month.
Such actions are against the law and seriously endanger the safety of civilians.
Such activities threaten the peace and freedom of Christians,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
On the same day, the Chief Minister also launched the website of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) and the postal stamp to mark the 2020 Meghalaya Games.
Another decision was taken that in relation to coal and other mineral resources and on land, it was decided to support the state government to amend the Sixth Scheduled which is still pending and The Parliamentary Standing Committee will visit Shillong on the 18th of this month. The MPLU has decided to oppose the memorandum of the state government and demanded that the Sixth Scheduled should be amended. land rights, rights over coal and other minerals according to the decision of the Supreme Court in
Sanjeev Chopra, Secretary DFPD, left for Imphal on the 14th of this month to inspect the implementation of the NFSA following the riots in Manipur.
Recently, 12 MDCs of KHADC from other parties have joined the PDF including HS Shylla from Nongkrem from UDP, Banteidor Lyngdoh from Mawkynrew from Congress, LG Nongsiej from Nongstoin. HSPDP, Morningstar Mawsor of Mawshynrut, James B Basaiawmoit of Mawkhar, KHNAM James Sylliang of Mawkhar, Grace Kharpuri of Nongshken, Latiplang Kharkongor of Nongthymmai, Hadrian Lyngdoh of KHNAM UDP, Blanding Warjri of Mawthadraishan of HSPDP, Albinus Lyngdoh of Umroi and Victor Rani of Jirang.
On the 18th of this month, Bah Lamphrang Kharkongor and Bah Mayborn Kharbithai lodged a complaint that on the 18th at about 10:30 pm, unidentified robbers stole their mobile phones. Police Bazar, Shillong.
On the occasion, Umsning MLA, Bah Jason Mawlong congratulated the Ryntihlang Village Organization for celebrating this 10th Anniversary and especially for working with various SHGs to develop the village organization. Be a mother and also to have a shared responsibility for the development of the community in the development or improvement of the community.
These blankets were distributed first to Wahiajer village and other villages will be delivered later.
Conrad said that there have been many discussions in the House to find ways how to promote our languages ​​in the House and many things have been done in this regard.
The meeting was also attended by MPCC Executive President James Lyngdoh, State Women's President Joplin Scott Shylla and Min Makri. The meeting was conducted by the President of Mawhati BCC, Bah D. Daminot Sylliang. Short speeches were delivered by Bah Charles Marngar, Adviser of Mawhati BCC. Short speeches were delivered by Bah PW Muktieh, Bah Min Makri, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, Bah RR Kynsai Makdoh, Kong Joplin Scott Shylla. Nongpoh, Jymmang 19: With the aim of bringing about unity, order and close cooperation between the Village Leaders and the Raid Leaders, especially from the The Raid Nongkharai on Saturday held its Pyllun Dorbar at Jyntry, Ri Bhoi District. .
In a statement signed by President Charlie J.Rani and Secretary Bah Teibor Shadap, the union expressed its anger after receiving a complaint from the shopkeepers who sell goods in the area. They are still under the Forest Department at 7Mer Upper Shillong.
At its meeting on Tuesday, the BJYM has decided to start strengthening the party by launching membership recruitment programs in various places by holding public meetings and lum is young.
Minister Duh pointed to the lack of a long-term vision for health for decades after independence.
A few days ago, we gathered the Rangbah Shnongs, all the executive members of the villages and the landowners, we gathered them all and we went to inspect the land not only to take a decision from the dorbar. SDO Civil, ADM incharge Revenue, NHIDCL officials and Engineers from PWD department and the decision was taken in the presence of the residents. for the improvement of the Pynursla Bypass,” he added.
He said that the meeting could not be held in the second month of July as scheduled earlier due to the government's busy schedule since the preparations for the Meghalaya Games, Meghalaya Day and now the Republic Day. .
It is a sad and painful news for a family in the midst of hardship and poverty where the mother and children often do not even have enough food to eat.
The ISO has urged the Assam Government to take special measures to punish those involved in this incident.
The President of Siejlieh, said that the same thing happened to Bah Pyniid Sing Syiem, where in a speech to the media, for the first time, they alleged that Bah Pyniaid had fought against the Siejlieh. organization, without evidence; Pyniaid has been campaigning for the HSPDP in Laban and Mawthadraishan Constituencies. “How is it that Bah Pyniaid has had a hand against the party since those times, but they are still expelling the party and raising those reasons until now?”.
However, all the three were kidnapped by the robbers and the robbers spoke to the families of the three and demanded money.
Speaking on Saturday, Agarwal, who came from Delhi to explain on the issue of T.500 and T.1000 notes, said that according to the Benami Property Act 2016 passed by the Central Government, Nailur, has banned any Benami activity and those who do so will be punished according to the law including the perpetrator and the recipient.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has announced that the 11th Division Football Tournament will be held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
These employees admitted that some of them have worked for between 10-20 years in casual work without receiving the regularization certificate and now they demand that the government company should issue the certificate. as full time employees, not to sign a contract, which has no future for them, but to be treated as day laborers.
The incident took place at Ziro, Arunachal Pradesh, in Subansiri district of Arunachal Pradesh.
The Hindu Adoption and Maintenance Act, 1956, states that a husband must obtain the consent of his wife to maintain his children, if his wife has a mental illness or if she is mentally ill. his wife had converted to another religion.
The State Government, through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, should have issued the menu of these hospitals, as in the shops or hotels, so that the patients can understand these. The treatment of these hospitals and the cost of their medicines, so that it will not lead to death and loss, to pay the hospital fees.
Shillong: U Rakesh Sinha, BJP MP in the Rajya Sabha, on Tuesday said that it is necessary to preserve and strengthen the uniqueness of the nation in the midst of the invasion of technology.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 14: Police of Byrnihat Police Outpost in collaboration with Assam Police, have foiled an attempt by robbers to hijack a truck bearing no.
However, at the same time, it demanded that the Rangbah Shnongs should take action to stop the sale of land to the Dkhars in Marwet as it is against the Land Acquisition Act in the state.
In the parties, laws cannot be passed even if the spirit is strong, but when you are in the Legislative Assembly, you have the power and authority.
After the young woman understood the difference in the way of walking of the man by using the narrow and forest road without walking from Mairang to Shillong, she changed the way of walking of him and with wisdom. The girl has informed several friends and family members about the incident by sending her location via Whatsapp, who have informed the Mairang Police Station. Police have informed the Ri-Bhoi and Umïam Police Stations to investigate the incident.
Foreign Secretary4
In addition, the government has tried to emphasize the opening of some of the shops selling food and beverages.
Therefore, when it comes to preserving the environment, they should not think only of one aspect but what is needed is to preserve the environment they see.
After the march, a short meeting was held at Mawlaingut Market, where the leaders of the Sengbhalang and a group of drivers, demanded that the law enforcement agencies, especially the police, They demanded that once arrested, they should come and face those robbers and also to sdien phasi them immediately because they have done a deed that destroys the society.
For the construction of New Shillong, the government plans to acquire up to 2030 hectares of land but so far it has received 370.26 hectares of land at a cost of T.33.73 crore.
He said that it was through the resignation of Bah HDR that they had the opportunity to gather all the former Congress leaders.
It is located below Laitkor village and to the west of the Umkhen River.
Regarding the destruction of the centre, Tyrsa said that many times the Rangbah Shnong and the Aganwadi have gone to seek assistance from the government.
Trunk : the trunk is the main part of any object or creature.
He said that this has affected the salaries of the employees.
This was also the basis of the G-20 statement on the conflict between Russia and Ukraine.
Che has surrendered to the government last month after 31 years in the party and has offered that if the state government needs, he is ready to become the leader. to invite the party leaders to come to the negotiating table with the government.
Every morning of the Lord's Day in the courtyard of the church Robert Raikes gathered children from poor, homeless, clean, rich families and taught them.
The Electricity Amendment Act, 2007 has provided for the prohibition of illegal use of electricity.
Rymbui said the ratio of teachers to students at Government Boys is 1:19 while at Mohan Massar it is 1:6 which means that one teacher teaches 6 students. student.
However, we have to stand together and demand that the government should complete these projects within 2 years without delay.
However, this time, after the conflict with the Assams, the Khasi brothers have started again.
Dr Mukul said that both the parties were invited to the meeting, but the ANVC-B did not attend.
Shillong: The residents of Mawlai Mawkynroh village together with MPGF leader Bah Marbud Dkhar, Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong Mawkynroh village today met with the SP of traffic and police. The Out Post Mawlai together with other elders of the village who have expressed their opposition to the construction of the one way Mawlai by-pass, which has just been opened recently.
Those who attended the program included District Social Welfare Officer, R. Passah, Incharge of Umkiang Patrolling Post, Sub Inspector S. Buam, Sub-Inspector, Ratacherra Check Post, Bah L. Syiem, R. Patlong, Program Manager of MCSWA, Umkiang Waheh Shnong, L. Pala and others.
The President of the Union, Bah Napoleon Mawphniang, said that the Union has already sent a letter to the Minister of PHE, Marcuise N. Marak and the higher authorities of the department. to find ways and means to pay the salaries of casual employees who have served for 10, 20 and 30 years.
Samla Michael Rajee Syiemiong, from Laitkor Village, who is an orphan child, but through the talents that God has given him and through his hard work, he has become a sweet child. He has reached the Mega Audition of the country's biggest dance competition, Dance India Dance and is currently in Mumbai.
He said the government would urge the National Investigating Agency (NIA) to investigate into the destruction of property of the Assam government.
S. Wanshnong scored the first goal for Umpling in the 42nd minute while M. Jana scored the second goal for Lamlynti SC in the 67th minute.
On the other hand, Lahkmen Rymbui said that the landslide at the school has also affected the neighboring houses and damaged the water tank at the school.
This is after they lost in the Shillong-Guwahati zone match in July-June.
In the penalty shootout, Mawkriah West SC won 4-3 to beat Mawkasiang SC and qualify for the semi final of the tournament.
“If the TMC has such an attitude for the Honorable President of the country just because she is an ethnic minority, how do they treat the ethnic minorities in the state who have suffered? problems due to lack of development.
The landslides during the rainy season on the roadsides have also endangered the vehicles that take passes due to the narrowness of the road.
In this book number 1.37 & 1.38 there is an article about the Khasi people which does not agree at all and at the same time it has affected and destroyed the people, because it is explained in this book. It is also written that a Khasi woman can marry many men, and it is also written that she can marry a household and a man after she has married comes only at night and does not go in the morning. It was also said that a man can keep many women apart from his wife and this book is written against the laws and customs of the Khasi people.
There are 9 members in this family including the deceased.
But at such a time Nahum prophesied that this great city would one day fall.
Before taking this decision, the HSPDP held a public meeting at Nongpyndeng, Nongstoiñ which was attended by about 500 supporters of the HSPDP. The party has allowed only the President and Secretary of the Primary Unit Nongstoiñ to decide where to put the ticket.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, CEM Pynshngaiñ N Syiem said that the Council will call for a meeting with these Chief Executive Members of Hynniewtrep led by Pa'iem Laborius. Syiem to understand that they should withdraw the letter which they have handed over to Bah Lapang.
He said that in fact, if there is any suspicion about the presence of Kaikhlaw groups, the residents and village leaders should inform the police, so that the police can take the necessary action. However, it is surprising to see from a Youtube post, one of the village leaders of Warmawsaw area, said that there was a movement of wild groups, but he did not inform the police.
The mother, who was very sad, did not believe that such an incident would happen to her daughter. who is the one who is in the house.
Before concluding, I have two issues that I am concerned about and that undermine the unity of the Jaitbynriew: (i) the misconception that Meghalaya has three major tribes (ii) the use of the name Khasi- Jaintia instead of the name Khasi.
“We have brought the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill with responsibility and if they have been discriminated against because they belong to a different religious group, then the country will continue to help them”.
Under the SPA scheme, GHADC has been allocated T.100.71 crore and out of this amount, T.69,21,44,816 has been released for the implementation of 1167 schemes in 29 constituencies. The Garo Hills District Council has released the fund for the year 2015-2
Welcome speech was delivered by Shim-ika Sungoh Members EJMDMWU, Leki Bareh Member East Jaintia, gave a speech on the problems of school teachers in the district. they met.
“Purno was a mentor, a true role model who taught us and guided us (his children) to do what we should do in life, especially in politics, which “We must put the people first and ensure that whatever decision we take must be for the benefit of the people of the state and for the country,” he said. .
Referring to the opening of the college, which was established in 2009, but has just received full recognition from the North Eastern Hill University in the past few years. Earlier, the college was led by the Seng Khasi College, Jaiaw, Shillong, after the governing body at that time, was ready to accept and approve the This is a request from the authorities to allow them to allow the students to sit for the examination from their college.
It is also the club that finished second to Madrid in 2020 and third to Real Madrid and Atletico in 2021 and last season. he went to Madrid.
However, the Dorbar Shnongs and the police at the police stations should know better.
The speech of Kariya Munda, who is of the same ethnicity as the Khasi-Jaintia, has foretold the danger that awaits the Khasi-Jaintia people in the future.
As Amlarem Sub-Division has grown in all aspects, we request the government authorities to provide the office and equipment as well as the staff who are trained to look after and manage the sub-division. in relation to the community in Amlarem Sub-Division.
In this regard, the students have sent a letter to the Controller of NTA (NEET UG 2024) through the center and a copy has been sent to the Minister of Education, DC and others to request to sit for the examination again.
He expressed his satisfaction with the government's call for talks with the ANVC-B and said it would be even more pleasant if other rebel groups in Garo Hills came forward to talk peace and fight against the claims through the right path and not through bloodshed.
The welcome speech and welcome speech were delivered by BH Syiemïong, Acting Syiem of Langrin Hima.
It was decided at this meeting to meet the Prime Minister, Minister of Home Affairs and to demand immediately to set up a police station of the Meghalaya government in these villages.
Father Lakhontre to explain this further by taking the example of the two disciples who left Jerusalem to go to Emmaus.
The party invites the VDPs, Sordars and Secretaries, Village Youth Associations and other NGOs to cooperate for this purpose.
“There is a difference between strength and weakness.
U Bah PM Syiem expects that Bah Prestone, who is a strong man, will use this Act to remove the Themiew Mawlong where the Metor drivers live which is too crowded and which causes danger to the traffic. public.
Modi bought two aircraft for himself worth Rs 16,000 crore last year and then sold the state-owned airline, Air India, for only Rs. 18,000 crore to its billionaire friends, she said.
Expressing his satisfaction with the reply of the Prime Minister, Bah Rymbui requested the Government to consider setting up a processing unit in Amlarem to improve the production and marketing of kwai.
The government should do many things to improve the skills of the youth to stand on their own feet,” said Bah Chyne.
The meeting was conducted by Sohra MLA Bah TW Chyne who is also a former student of the school.
We went.
She said that if the post mortem is not conducted properly, this is also a violation of human rights.
The 13 deaths are from EKH: 10, and one each from RBD, WJH and WGH. According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 742 new cases have been confirmed. There are 7496 active cases in the State.
Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew, Martle N Mukhim, MDC Mawkynrew were the chief guests, Marki Passah, President Unitarian Union, Nangroi Suting, Dr Kate R Walker, representative of the First Unitarian Church, Pittsburgh, USA, Dr Khlur Mukhim, Banjop Mukhim, Wanpher Muttyent, Chairman and others.
Dr Mukul Sangma (TMC) and Saleng Sangma (Congress) were ahead, but did not sit until the end.
At present, the VPP has only four MLAs and is in the opposition.
One of the students, who is a friend of the girl, appealed to the youth and men to accept that women are human beings and should not be taken advantage of in the same way. and the robbers of the Mantip Langstang.
The Khasi sohniamtra or Citrus reticulata is considered to be the best, because it is clean and suitable for conversion.
“I have spoken to legal experts to examine the options of how to appeal against the passage of the Bill.
The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) together with the Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) have called for a protest after the government has failed to provide places for students to enter Class XI at Kiang Nangbah Government Higher Secondary School.
Sna said that the pharmaceutical company does not buy its Synrai Lakadong without testing it.
To him, the way to intimacy and understanding of God's will is through prayer.
“The loss of property due to the fire has reached more than T.2 lakh,” said Ismingstar Kharhari, owner of the shop.
They said they came to this figure after conducting a survey which lasted for six months.
In Friday's match, Kingsmen beat Don Rua 80-75, SCB beat DSE 45-60. In another match, Onyxx beat Chutwakhu and Ladthadlaboh 51-1 Azriel won 46-43.
LP School, Kong Mon Tron, members of the Managing Committee, village leaders, teachers and especially the students and parents, the MLA said that he is a person who doesn't like to open the foundation stone if the work cannot begin.
Sengbhalang groups from Ri Bhoi, including the CoRP and HPF, also visited the bridge and after the inspection, they urged the government to take care of the bridge, so that At the same time, they urged the government not to allow those vehicles carrying more than 100 tonnes, so that the bridge will not be damaged. which will benefit the people.
If it is from the side led by others, they will still be able to bring any benefits to their region and their fellow citizens.
Consumers can also lodge complaints through an online platform called “edaakhil”.
In the party, the President or Secretary is the leader of the party while in the Parliament/Assembly and the Government, the party office bearers are not respected but only those who are MP/MLA/MDC. Sometimes MLAs don't care much about party office bearers if they don't win MLAs because they have nothing to do with the government.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the talks on the merger of the two MLAs of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) into the National People's Party (NPP) are still underway.
This is just a stupid thing to call from time to time at the negotiating table," he said.
“We have implemented the rules to protect animals in wildlife sanctuaries and national parks,” he said.
In a statement sent by the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) through the Public Secretary of the Education Cell, Samla Moonstar Nongrem, the KSU Nongmensong Unit urged the students to work hard so that they can harvest the soh. of victory so that they can be the pride of the family, the community and the nation as a whole.
“According to Para 12 A(a) of the Sixth Scheduled, if the laws made by the District Council conflict with the laws made by the Parliament and the Legislative Assembly, the laws of the District Council shall die.
Mumbai City tried to score but Bengaluru FC won 1-0 in the end.
He encouraged the children to join the training camp at the Assam Rifles so that they can keep pace in sports as well as in education and to progress in both fields.
Parties and candidates should have a plan or action plan on how to improve health in the state.
This initiative combines schemes related to biogas and electricity from renewable sources, waste treatment programs and sanitation initiatives.
Thus the book of Daniel is divided into two parts, chapters 1-6 of the time of the Babylonian exile and 7-12 of Daniel's vision or revelation.
“I’m a person who loves to work.
To mark the celebration of the Golden Jubilee, the WJDSA has organized many sports programmes.
Shillong, July 17: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Ranikor Circle on Tuesday warned the people from other districts who intend to take part in the Beach Festival near Wah Kynshi in Ranikor. On the 19th and 20th of this month, the Tourism Department of the State Government has warned against drinking or swimming in the Ranikor River.
Nongstoiñ, July 10: Agriculture is one of the best ways to improve income especially in the rural areas where the land is still fertile.
Out of the 16 teams that participated, Taxi Drivers Association, Sohryngkham and Pommura SC reached the final, where Taxi Drivers Association beat Pommura SC by 2 goals to Pommura SC, Runners' Up, won a cash prize of T.10,000/-.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad K Sangma said the party is ready for the upcoming elections and said the NPP will not alliance with the BJP or any political party, but The NPP will contest the election alone.
Think about it, many poor households don't even have enough food to cook for their children when they are hungry.
He said that the number of Covid-19 patients in hospitals is now more than 200 and 180 are undergoing oxygen treatment.
Announcing this after a meeting with the leaders of more than 10 Dorbar Shnongs of West Shillong Constituency, MLA of West Shillong Constituency and Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that Rangbah Shnongs or Secretary Shnongs have to appear in court many times and for many years and this has been a barrier for the Dorbar Shnongs to take part in the fight against drugs. .
And your coming to this place is sent by God," he said.
Firefighters have recovered a plane from a forest near Moia, east of Barcelona, ​​after the group rushed to get information about the crash. in this place.
The incident happened after the driver of the bolero tried to take a pass from a passing truck and then he could not control the vehicle and it overturned four times. change, the vehicle was damaged and the occupants of this vehicle were injured.
These include 3,301 regular and 376 non-regular.
He said that not only here in the constituency but the whole state is lagging behind.
It is worth mentioning that the parents have complained about the shortage of textbooks and the overpricing of books and recently the KSU in RiBhoi has found this and has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner to do whatever is necessary against the booksellers.
Shillong, Lber 22: About 200 people, men and women, have turned on the office of Syiem Malai Sohmat at Phlangwanbroi village, Mawsynram Constituency, East Khasi Hills today. mawbynna who stood in front of the office of the King.
On the other hand, the President of JSU Laskein Circle, Dapmain Suchiang, has expressed his regret and surprise over the stinginess of the leaders to help the people in the entire Laskein block. , Moolaber, Mojem and other villages The JSU has invited other groups and organizations and requested the government to provide relief to these border villages.
“We will complete the second phase of our strike on the 10th and we will write to the government on our demand but if the government does not take other stronger measures, “ said Bah Ardent while speaking at a meeting in Saitsohpen.
Shillong, July 23: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) has rejected an illegal appointment by the Minister of Soil and Water Conservation, Marquis Marak in the Program Implementation and Evaluation Department of the State Government.
“The ownership of land is the recognition of the citizens of the state.
Although I have won once and drawn twice, this time I expect to play well and achieve victory.
The stadium for the 2022 World Cup, formerly known as the 'vagina stadium', has been completed and is ready to host the games three years before the World Cup.
When asked whether there is anything close to the similarity between the religion and customs of the Khasi and Mizo who still remain in their traditional religion, Fela said that there is little similarity in the place where they gather. The meeting was held in a kind of trep house, where the priest used to give the strong advice, the exhortation, the praise, and there were also dances.
ejh-meg@gov.
However, in a survey conducted about 20 years ago, it was found that 40% of young researchers and 25% of students said that Ri Hynniewtrep should be independent from India, while the majority of churches said that it should be independent. grant to the Khasi Hima the rights, powers and status under the Constitution of India.
Why is it difficult for our Khasi leaders to fight for the implementation of the ILP and the resolution of the border until now? Could it be that if they implement the ILP, income will decrease and it could also be for the vote? What is more valuable, the economy, the vote or the country and the nation? Or is the inability to check the border difficult because we don't have permits and the Assam government will do whatever it wants because it has all the permits? Therefore, they have to wait for 50 or 100 years for the Assam government to talk after it can release time.
Arunachal Pradesh will play against Mizoram in Group-2 at 11 am today in the U-17 girls' category. Sikkim will play against Manipur in Group-1 at 3:30 pm.
HSPDP MDC Martle N Mukhim said it is the duty of the Government to set up a committee of experts to discuss this issue.
On the other hand, the BJP Mawhati Candidate, Dr. Evarist Myrsing and the President of the BJP Ri Bhoi, Bah Skhem B.Swet on this occasion welcomed the Rangbah to give his support to the BJP from Mawhati. They also expressed their happiness to have such a visionary leader to support the BJP because only the BJP which has the power in the central government can bring about change in Mawhati Constituency. The constituency is still in Ri Bhoi.
We cannot say that this custom of ours attracts and opens the door for foreigners not only to come and earn but to become rich.
In this competition, Seng Khasi College also won the title of Champion Team (Boys & Girls Category).
Thus, the earth and the stone have been the sources since the beginning of the earth which have been the tools and weapons for all the creatures in the universe.
SI Marbaniang was buried on 26th July, 2015 after the examination of his body, but the body had to be exhumed today and another examination had to be conducted. the second time on the same mountain; The relatives of the policeman have not accepted the allegation that he committed suicide, but they want to conduct a thorough investigation to find out whether it is true that he committed suicide or not. you have been killed by your enemies.
“I have decided to leave the TMC but I have not left Dr. Mukul Sangma, who has always supported me,” Winnerson said.
This is a sign because the time of the end of those days is near.
He said that due to the lack of a law to regulate the MDCs, there has been a lot of differences and some people have given the reasons for lack of leadership, lack of management and other reasons.
He said that in the implementation of the Roster System since 1972, the Khasi Jaintia community has been increasingly discriminated against, because there will be no special recruitment for the Garo community which they have not received. they have received less since 1972.
Afterwards, other speakers including the Children of the Hima Khyrim, Paiem Habapan Singh Syiem and a short speech were delivered by the Finance Secretary of KSU Sengkmie Samla Manly Nongpluh. B.Lyngdoh, Organizing Secretary of KSU Biangbor Paliar and finally Rocky Dhar, who was the donor of the ambulance and the chief guest.
Before the closing ceremony, the Dorbar Shnong in collaboration with the Namdong Christian Club Namdong-A donated kombor and pala sha to 18 residents of Namdong-A who have disabilities. their bodies as a sign of respect or value in society.
When asked why the DISHA meeting was not held in East Khasi Hills District, the Minister said it is the duty of the MPs to hold the meeting.
Wasa Utd won the title by beating Lutituber Ialong 6-0 in the 18th Above Football League Knockout Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah. Stadium on Saturday.
The NGT will estimate how many hundreds of crores of rupees it will charge the state, the amount (EC=PI x N x R x S x LF) and Tk. 2 crores per million liters per day (MLD) and Tk.300 per tonne. The part of the river which has not been properly cleaned according to the law, because the pollution of the Umkhrah, Umshyrpi, and other rivers, flows into the Umiam River and the lower parts of the river.
It is for this reason that we have decided not to leave Mawphlang and get caught in the trap.
How will they answer in front of the people in the MDC election to be held in March 2024? Many UDP supporters from different units have expressed their feelings that they have been humiliated by the leaders. their.
Meanwhile, North Liberty H/S School beat Kiang Nangbah H/S School 3-0
The commission has issued an order that the Meghalaya government should comply with the directives of the High Court of Meghalaya and submit a full report. on this purpose.
It is worth mentioning that the Cabinet of MDA I in 2018 has also surrendered in prayer before taking over the portfolio.
“At present, Mohali does not meet the ICC guidelines and that is why it has been refused to host the matches.
They were identified as Sheba Kharbani, 40, who works as a cleaner, Rupert Donbor Dohtdong, 43, and Blackstar Kharkrang,
Meanwhile, it was reported that some members of the NSCN IM have left the party and joined the NSCN U, of which there are 22 members. They have left the IM on 28th March 2019 and there are many others who intend to leave the IM in the coming days.
On receiving information about the incident, the Jerobat Police Outpost rushed to the scene to rescue the injured. The victims were rushed to a hospital in Guwahati.
A few days ago I had the opportunity to sit down with those who are HIV positive, they told me that in the past month there has been a shortage of medicines for those infected with HIV especially for children and emerging adolescents.
Speaking to reporters, KSU-SWKHDU President Forwardman Nongrem said, “We have expressed our concern about the uselessness of the Anti-Narcotic Task Force of South West Khasi Hills. The Police Station has not arrested a single drug dealer or drug user in Mawkyrwat.
Shillong: The Tourism Department of the Government of India has allocated Rs 190.46 crore for the development of tourism in three states namely Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat and Meghalaya.
At the same time, the elders of the village have expressed their regret over this cheating by Bah Pohlong and demanded that the District Council should suspend him completely. the public.
The procession, which is known as the Way of the Cross, is also a sign of the journey of Jesus to Mount Calvary.
Before reaching the agreement, the BVB team had already visited the MYFA in June for a three-day Preliminary Camp.
He said that the law is also created by man and when a man creates or builds anything it takes him time to complete it while it takes only minutes to break it. and to destroy it.
Besides, it was said that the marriage, inheritance and jait system in the Khasi Jaintia community is from the woman and not from the man.
He said that all this can be opened once the project is completed.
“The MPCC Working President said that the party is preparing for the Lok Sabha elections.
To avoid throwing plastic and other garbage in streams, rivers, roads and to have a responsibility to keep the society clean in all aspects starting from the rympei house.
Although the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) has tried to cover up the eight miaw, the truth has come out from a group of athletes who arrived in the city on Monday to perform. for the 4th Meghalaya Games to open its curtain today.
In response to this request, the government has decided to allocate up to 1.4 acres for the relocation of these residents.
However, the candidate is not allowed to fight.
To assist the street vendors, she said that through the PM Svanidhi scheme, there will be up to 30 beneficiaries who will have to pay the 1st installment of Rs, 10,000/- each.
Now these stones are owned by the King of Mylliem and the Bakhraw of Mylliem.
Plankers are those tools used to remove clods, or to level the field.
“If they give you 500 kamut they get 5000 tyngka and if they give you 1000 kamut they get 10,000 tyngka.
The ILP is a MOU and the Khasi language is no longer the demand of the people or the political parties but their promises, so they should take action to implement all these within these five years.
In another report, thousands of people of Mawlai have flocked to the Good Friday celebrations, where children, young people, adults and even the elderly have taken part. The ceremony was conducted by Father Marius Thongnibah who is also the Parish Priest of the area.
Imphal: Militants attacked the house of a police chief in Imphal last night and damaged four vehicles parked in the yard of the chief police chief.
Poems can also be a writing or a song dedicated to a person or something that will remind us.
Some of these passengers were planning to attend the Presbyterian Church of India (PCI) service in Mizoram. Before 2.30 pm, two Twenty flights, bound for Guwahati and Kolkata, left the airport without any incident.
Shillong, Nailar 4: The Annual Behdeinkhlam Festival 2016 of the Raij Muthlong will start from the 6th to the 7th August 2016 at Biar. The color of the Raj in Thadmuthlong.
The programs include radio talks, awareness run campaign, poster competition and many other programs held in schools and homes for the elderly, including the distribution of brut shut bniat, that medicine shut bniat bad so on.
Therefore, the participation of Ricky from Lad Mawphlang will be of great benefit to the sports federation in the development, to encourage the youth of the state in this sports and which is also a job that can be done. provide assistance in times of natural disasters.
I cannot fail to remind you that I have always said that reservation is one of the reasons for the survival of the nation.
Shocked by the incident in some places where those accused of men aiksuid have been tortured, the chairperson of the MPHRC, Bah Dino DG Dympep, said that the superstitions of the people have been misused. Their will is those who encourage others to do only what is right.
Thabah said the government has been demanded not to intervene as most of the victims are thousands of students from NEHU and others.
The Chief Minister also explained that the supply of electricity to the farmers will continue in the state, while the supply of low-cost electricity will continue to the factories.
Shillong, Lber 21: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government has not listened to the demand of Assam to stop the construction of the Kurliya Bridge at Wah Myntang in West Jaintia Hills. .
As it is also the day of confirmation of the office bearers of the NPP Rambrai, Bah M.Byrsat MLA also handed over the Syrnod of the Syrnod of the Working President of the NPP Rambrai Jyrngam. Bajop Pyngrope MDC of Rambrai.
The KSU said that the residents said that they are living in fear especially during the rainy season.
He said that not only in the mining of coal, but the government has also failed to look into the mining of coal at the coal bridges, where it has become clear that there has been a violation of the mining rules by illegal permission. trucks to carry more than 9 tons.
They destroyed the crops of the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: There is an expectation among the people today that at least 1500 to 2000 members of the Seng Bhalang will attend the protest held at KSU President Daniel Khyriem has been arrested.
Many have returned home, on the part of those who live far away and we should be grateful that until now, no one has brought the disease home, even if they came from Delhi, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu and other states are the worst affected areas.
Sandywell Gift".
The natural disaster in the state has continued for the second day, with 12 people killed in the landslide and the collapse of houses.
Therefore, this writer urges the people of the country to support the Congress in this MDC election and even in the MP election.
“It is after seeing the success of FOCUS that the government has decided to continue to provide 5,000 more by launching FOCUS+,” he said.
On the other hand, the village leaders of Barapathar, through Bah Soni Nongtri, said that these two persons, whose names appear in the ejahar, are the people who cause trouble and who obstruct the reach of development works in the area. He said that they have been involved in the demolition of the foundation stone of the village road under the MGNREGA scheme, which has happened in the past years in the village.
The reporter who accompanied these government officials during their inspection witnessed that inside the rooms of the school many electrical wires have been broken. and many of these pakhas were destroyed.
Shillong: There have been 532 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
He said that all these Ballon d'Or awards are unique and exciting in different ways.
Some have claimed to be MDC candidates of the VPP through social media and others as MP candidates without the knowledge of the party.
Meghalaya and Assam have a distance of 885 kilometers from Markhap.
They were taken to hospital while no one else was injured in the Maruti
He said the failure to stop the CAB should not be taken for granted by anyone but it is the voice of all involved.
The pride of the kiwi".
’Many chief executives also become chief auctioneers.
Shillong, November 19: The People's Democratic Forum (PDF) today announced Bah Pynshngain N Syiem as the prime ministerial candidate if the party leads the ruling party after the 2018 elections.
Most of the development works have been stalled and needed by the BJP government in the state.
“The teams in Group-A are Arunachal Pradesh, Meghalaya, Goa, Assam, Services and Kerala.
He said the central government has approved the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) 2019 and this has raised concerns among many that it will open the door for the infiltration of foreigners.
Rikman's visit to Modi came at the opening of a meeting of all top BJP office bearers and BJP Presidents from all states of India.
Therefore, without taking a detailed count of the expenditure of each beneficiary household, the corruption revealed through RTI has reached tens of lakhs of rupees, because among the toilet materials including Indian pan , Zyphone, Footrest, 6×4 pipe, 6×3 pipe, bend, tee, Reducer Socket, Covel, Dusbin, Rot, Cement, GI Sheet. but according to the truth, there are those who receive and those who do not.
The outbreak of the disease has forced the country to suspend Tuesday's protests in many parts of the country, including Tehran.
School Teacher, Smt.
However, they cannot share in the income of her husband once they are separated.
“We need to clarify the rules of the law to avoid confusion,” said Bah Syiem.
Jethmalani passed away at the age of 96 on 14th November
Co-Chairman, SDRC, Sengman R. Marak, Ex-MLA and Co-Chairman, SDRC, Suraj Prakash Thapa, Shri Vijay Raj, Vice-Chairman, SDRC and Dr. Fenella Lyngdoh Nonglait, Ex-Officio Member, SDRC has visited the inspection and directed the government to identify government land for the construction of a new water supply system in Upper Shillong and from there it will be distributed to the people.
Shillong, July 15: U Mukul Sangma, who is now, is no longer the Mukul Sangma, who was three and a half months ago.
On the purchase of electricity, Bah Arju said that if we buy electricity at a high price, how can we sell it at a low price of 4 or 5 tyngka, but we buy electricity at 8 tyngka. .
(iv) to respect and appreciate the employees working in various jobs, to increase the wages and pay the salaries exactly every month.
Yesterday, the currency fell in the morning, but later recovered slowly, reaching
Following this path, the United Achikan Liberation Army (UALA) came forward to sign a Text Agreement on November 18, 2015 and the government is implementing the Text Agreement. you need to give them help.
The CEM informed the House that according to AD rule 47 (1) and 47(2) stipulates that the remaining issues can be brought back in another session.
Jesus condemns the Pharisee by saying that he went home empty-handed, implying that he was barred from heaven.
“It needs to be improved to find ways to make it safe and secure and the same is true of the EVMs, there may be shortcomings but it is the a journey that is still finding more and more methods to make perfect, free from all doubts".
Children today are more intelligent than we used to be.
Welljune R.Nongsiej, Secretary of SWKHDSA, said that the association has also sent youngsters to participate in the 2021 Jngi Competition in Bangalore. The National Championship of the Federation of India in Bhubaneswar, Odisha this year 2022 and also in the Khelo India where one of the youngsters from South West Khasi Hills District has been selected to lead.
They were welcomed by MLA/MDC Bah Kimfa Sidney Marbaniang, in the presence of Bah HM Shangpliang General Secretary of the MPCC who is also MLA of Mawsynram Constituency. MPCC President Bajop Pyngrope, party candidate Bajop Pyngrope and other leaders and office bearers of the party in Rambrai.
Khliehriat, July 01 : The Mihmyntdu Community Welfare Association (MACSWA) in collaboration with the office of the District Social Welfare Officer East Jaintia Hills District today held a special program at Umlawang village. , where briefings were given on how to improve the health of adults and the elderly.
Meghalaya Mahacoal Mine Pvt Ltd, which is a partner of Meghalaya Coal Mine and MMDC, will submit its report at the next meeting as it has already submitted its report in want there to be a breakthrough.
Bhagaiah said the RSS was founded in 1925 during the independence movement and was attended by prominent figures like Subhas Chandra Bose, Ambedkar, Mahatma Gandhi and others. great.
At a meeting held at Majai today, Kohli confirmed that the BJP will contest against Jropsing Nongkhlaw from Shella constituency in the 2018 MLA elections.
On 10th November 2020, the commission, through PJP Hanaman and a member of the committee, issued an order that the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited Corporate Affairs, to pay T.1 lakh to Sepolda Syngkli, mother of Sepolda Syngkli. Fasting Syngkli, of Tharia Village and handed over Check No.24132 on
Attempts were made to contact Dr. Monoj Basaiawmoit but his phone number was not working.
Ma Balen Thubru, one of the leading leaders of cement and clinker truck owners and President of the All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Transporters Association (AJCCTA), has expressed his surprise over the statement by the former Secretary. Balen Thubru said that Kyrshan Dkhar is not even a transporter or involved in the transportation of goods. and Cement and Clinker from various dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills.
The shutdown of the Internet in this age is causing problems to the people.
The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, in an interview with reporters on Thursday, said, “The Deficit System will not succeed at all. Deficit System to be introduced in Adhoc Schools.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong, Shillong Lajong, are ready to play against Manipur Neroca FC today and the state team will not allow and sting in any way, knowing that the team that the opposite is a talented team that has always played in this tournament from season to season.
Them Metor is an issue that the indigenous people have been protesting against from Them Iew Mawlong since the 1970s. Nongthiem, criminals and people who disrupt the movement, trade and income of the church especially the Khasi people who are attacked from time to time.
In Ri Bhoi, there are 13 cases in Downgate Cluster
She also urged the Dorbar Shnongs and the Government to create the opportunities to increase the number of Rehabilitation Centers in different districts.
The sad thing is that there will be many people who will die from this Coronavirus and these will become evil spirits who will continue to destroy the world from time to time, because they have lost their peace of mind forever and now they are forcing people to be in peace.
The elections in Mizoram for 40 members of the State Legislative Assembly will be held on 28th November
When I was a Leader or Minister, I took responsibility not only for my own constituency, but for other constituencies whether within the District or in the state as a whole.
The total number of those registered from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018 is 1811 and those who have not been employed till 31st November 2018 are 29132 candidates.
He said that according to them, the cause of the problems within the Hima is through some wealthy people from within the Hima and also from outside the Hima who want to become rulers within the Hima. They wanted to mislead the people and those who did not agree to be ruled under the leadership of Pa'iem Nangtei Syiemiong who is now the king of the Hima Langrin Syiemship.
Police have arrested Sdangki Myrphet under the rules of law and seized 6.02 grams of heroin.
He passed away on 02-05-2
The unknown child was seen happy and smiling and looking at the people who gathered on the 13th of this month at Don Bosco Square, although his mother, the They are still in mourning over the destruction of their house in Mawtari by the Meghalaya Urban Development Society.
However, the question has arisen how the ethnic parties can form the EC after the elections when they have already won the elections.
Inu Sarma, Mr.Sajan Bhuyan.
Any driver who does not take advantage of the public should inform the office bearers of the Association so that the necessary action can be taken.
The MP election is not far away so we should not be surprised by the NPP's sympathy for all those who are still involved in the illegal mining and trade of coal.
In the toss and eyes, Khimusniang won the toss and elected to bat first.
In the second half, after H.Elias HSS had taken the lead, DKSP Bangladesh had a golden opportunity to score the first goal, which was scored by Urbanity Makhroh. .
The 15 athletes were selected from seven states in the North East including Meghalaya, Sikkim, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Mizoram.
The incident happened at 2 pm while they were on their way to Siju from Baghmara, the headquarters of South Garo Hills.
Hek said the report of the Food Safety will be submitted to the Fisheries Department of the Government to discuss whether it is necessary to ban the import of fish. from the outside.
Before 2004, horse trading was dangerous because the Anti-Defection Law contained in the Sixth Schedule was stringent.
At a short meeting held at Thangrai (Nongnah) ground, Bah Damang Syngkon, District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District, expressed his special gratitude to the winners. The children who have struggled to reach this stadium with their shoes are ready to be trained.
Seven members were also elected as members of the Executive Committee.
The arrest comes 39 days after the arrest of ACHIK Leader Labenn Ch Marak on 17th July.
Shillong, Nailur 8: The General Assembly of the Don Bosco Past Pupils Association Shillong will be held on the 14th of this month at 9 pm at Don Bosco Technical School.
Shella Constituency has also set a record as the constituency which has never won the elections of the National Parties of India.
Ten football fans today inaugurated the first Futsal stadium in the state which has been certified by FIFA and has been equipped with floodlights for nighttime games.
All participants were provided with materials, including explanatory booklets, water bottles/glasses, bags and badges.
He said the government has not said whether it wants ILP or not but the purpose of reviewing the Immigration Act is to ensure that it is comprehensive in terms of how to control foreigners.
“However, when there is a change of leadership, there is a difference and what affects me most is the statement of Rahul Gandhi, President of the AICC, in which he said that the elderly should leave the Congress party. “That's the reason why many of the leaders like Digvijay Singh, Ambika Soni, Janardhan Dwivedi, Sushil Kumar Shinde have left the Congress,” said Lapang.
At the same time, the youths who took part in the performances organized by the Riti Academy were also honoured.
how do you have a little feeling
Shillong: The Seng Kur Wahlang, after its establishment in 1997, celebrated its Silver Jubilee or 25th Anniversary on Tuesday at the Mission Community Hall Shillong. with billions of kurs, kha, meisan, kñi, mama and kynrem and lyndan of the Kur.
The Shillong Sports Association expresses its deepest condolences to the family and all those who have a close relationship with this former football star in the region and the State.
"I have taken the decision (to join the Shiv Sena-BJP government) to solve the problems of the people of Maharashtra," Ajit Pawar said.
The Annual Survey of Industries (ASI) is one of the sources of industrial statistics in India, which provides statistical information to monitor changes in economic growth and the status of manufacturing industries including manufacturing industries. related to manufacturing, maintenance, gas and water supply and installation and others.
One of my mistakes was that I used to wear a mask when I entered the homes of brothers and sisters, thinking that I was not at home.
Srikanth, who is also the silver medalist at the 2021 World Championships, won his first victory by defeating Thailand's Kantaphon Wangcharoen 21-1 -19 of the singles match.
"If you are detained for many days in the Covid room, you will be in severe water shortage.
The playground was inaugurated by Fr.Kmenlang Nongrum Parish Priest Byrnihat Parish who also took part in the blessing ceremony. In the presence of parents and elders of the village.
At Megpun 1.0, prizes were also awarded to the best performers.
“It's the end of the mobile story,” said Rangsan who had turned off the data from his mobile.
We have set a date for both the ECs to meet on these issues and that the development projects should not be delayed.
Nongpoh: The Seng Samla Tyrso Pyllun (SSTP) has expressed its anger over the outage of Jio and Airtel networks in the Tyrso area. in this area.
I can buy a house, set up an industry, open an office.
Staff of EMRI-108 who came to provide assistance said that Dechrang T Sangma passed away.
The Village Administration Bill is currently pending with the State Government under the District Council Affairs (DCA).
“We have had to set a time limit for the completion of this project which has caused delays,” said Prof Laloo in the Legislative Assembly on Monday and assured that the government will take necessary measures. to expedite this work as scheduled.
Amos 8:11-12.
This is our obstacle when we have completed various courses,” said Bah Kharjana.
Macmillan Byrsat MLA Nongstoiñ, was the chief guest and also laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Vocational Training Centre.
The training program was conducted at Ri Bhoi College in collaboration with the De-addiction Center of Downtown Hospital, Guwahati with the support of HDFC Bank, Nongpoh.
At the same time, the way to increase income in the District and to free the youth from unemployment is by encouraging them to turn to agriculture.
He said that in the past, there was a law against robbers and rapists of women by the armed groups of the state and he also asked whether the law against women is strong. The HNLC is the law of the government, so we will stand up and fight against such evils so that the pure era of the past will come back once again.
We are not the Secretariat candidates but to be a voice against the rule of this government at all times.
Hamlet said that since he sent the letter, he has not received any reply from the central government.
Shillong, Iaiong 21: Five houses were destroyed by a severe cold weather in Mawlyndun village, Pynursla, at 2 pm today. which were severely damaged, in which the tin roofs of the houses were destroyed, because of the cold, which was as big as a wheat.
The demands include the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, the implementation of the Inner Line Permit and the resolution of the problems faced by the people at the border.
On receiving information about the collapse of trees on the NH-6, the Ri Bhoi Police from Byrnihat Police Outpost, rushed to the scene to clean up the trees and to repair the damage. you went to the people.
“We cannot implement it now across the state but the government has decided to start the construction of the Housing Complex soon,” he said.
In the past few days, Agnes has been shifted from the ICU and is now in the intensive care unit, but she is still in critical condition and cannot speak.
Through this meeting with the Sohtrun farmers, they expressed their concerns about the marketing of Sohtrun and especially the lack of a place to sell or market at a reasonable price.
Some of the prisoners who came for trial in the court came without food on Thursday.
They said that earlier, there was a promise from the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh that the Government would pay the salary within two months.
Regarding the Pynursla Civil Sub Division which has been opened since 2017, he said that until now there has been no sign of the presence of adequate departments as announced by the previous Government.
The union strongly condemns and demands that the minister should immediately clarify and clean up the entire Mawlai village as this has affected the feelings of many churches who take care to look after and clean their own. village from time to time.
This will cause a lot of trouble and confusion not only to the students of class X, teachers,school authorities but also to the parents of the students as well.
Curcumin: Shynrai is known to be a rich source of polyphenol curcumin and can provide many health benefits.
In these days, we have met many synsar farmers who have started harvesting for the purpose of cleaning and marketing.
“If the OTS Scheme is implemented by reducing 30% of the revenue, it means that the Government will lose about Rs 195 crore of public money,” said the HYC. The Minister Incharge, James Sangma, has led the implementation of the scheme as this tax is what the people have to pay when they go to tied petrol pumps according to the price set by the Government.
The training was inaugurated by BDO Laskein and Barister Niang as chief guests in the presence of SDO MSSDS Lambormi Suchen and Dr.S Waanbah Chairman CIT who conducted the meeting.
Explaining on the demand for a 5 percent increase per annum, the Minister said that this is in the hands of the Managing Committee because when they collect the school fees they do not send it to the government but they keep it themselves.
Because their sin was greater than those acts of worship in the churches and those sacrifices with the blood of animals, until it caused God not to hear their prayers, because they smite a man with blood, and all their hands are full of blood against their neighbour.
This Act 2010 makes the riewthor a citizen to share like us in our share,” he said.
One morning she went out to Lanosha's house early in the morning.
Shillong, July 27: Reports that a woman has been expelled from the Delhi Golf Club just because of her dress have spread across India. Indian TV news is very bright today.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 25 new cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District. 2 soldiers, 6 BSF personnel and 11 civilians, 2 from East Jaintia Hills and 4 from West Jaintia Hills.
This means that school children have to take tuition at home.
Counsel for the petitioners, Pragyan Pradip Sharma, said the MoU has not been approved by Parliament, as it is in accordance with Article 3 of the Constitution of India.
The area where the company intends to mine is close to the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary and falls within the Eco-sensitive zone.
Fognini's entry as a wild card for the tournament has pleased the spectators of Rome, when Fognini scored 6-4 , 4-6, 6-4 victory to qualify for the second round of the tournament.
At a meeting in Pratapgrah, Rajasthan, Gadkari said this would also reduce environmental pollution and imports of Rs 16 lakh crore per annum. He said that the money will go to the farmers.
Kynjing resigned from the post after a complaint that he was not qualified to serve as AG in the High Court.
However, it is up to the people whom they choose to listen to and we cannot force them.
SCA started the match with Joanna Pyngrope (1/37) taking the first wicket but Kimtera and Tempali Basumatary both played well and managed to score 234 runs. round.
Miat by MW, a shop selling beauty products for young men and women, was opened on the 1st of July.
Shillong: The rift between the ruling NPP and the UDP, which is a close ally of the MDA government, has intensified, as the NPP has so far expressed its intention to contest candidates in all 25 MP constituencies. which are located in the south of India.
Meanwhile, HANM Secretary Damon Dkhar said that the government should pass the Village Administration Bill and the Bill to empower the Village Authorities in Jaintia Hills to enact the Village Administration Bill. “We are surprised that those parties with only four or five members have emerged to confuse the minds of the people”. he said.
Nongstoiñ, November 17: As part of the 'Viskit Bharat Sankalp Yatra', the program which was inaugurated and implemented on 15th November 2023 by the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, on Friday. Kartikeya Misra, Director DFS, Ministry of Finance, Government of India, visited Nongstoin and held a meeting at the Conference Hall of the office.
“The BJP has been in power for five years in Delhi and has also been a member of the MDA coalition government. What have they done to Meghalaya? What development work have they done? Shillong Airport has not yet been able to accommodate heavy aircraft.
He said the government will also consider the appointment letter of the young woman, in order to consider both sides of the case, the director and the young woman who lodged a complaint against him.
He said that the recent incidents have affected the state in many ways.
Straight to the point.
The WJNC urges all political parties, churches and private individuals to help the poor at this time as many poor families have been affected due to lack of opportunity to work. to meet the needs of their families.
“How many days have you been here, how do you know that these are Khasi, they are our own people,” said Bah Shylla.
Speaking to media, Bah PB Sylliang General Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs in the presence of Bah BB Makdoh Chairman and others, said that the Union strongly condemns the brutality of the police. Five people have lost their lives and many others have been injured in the shooting.
The RBDSA has been preparing to hold a memorable final match after the revival of the biggest football tournament in the district. that it was temporarily lost.
According to BSF officials, the two men had not planned to leave for Punjab as the father of one schoolgirl has been transferred to Punjab while the father of another student has been transferred to Chhattisgarh. “Anisha came home first to change her clothes and then met Pema near the place of worship outside the BSF camp,” he said.
He said the government will expand this work especially in the rural areas.
“I was accused of promising to give civil subdivision during the elections in Songsak but after careful consideration the Election Commission found that I did not promise,” he said.
It is believed that the incident may have been caused by the anger over the introduction of the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 in the Rajya Sabha today.
A total of 818 children from 12 districts of the State took part in the three day tournament.
On the other hand, Thomas A Sangma, after inspecting and sitting, confirmed that the meeting will be completed as soon as possible.
This has been resolved and work has returned to normal,” said Ringrang.
In the areas that have become more vulnerable like the borders, young job seekers need to turn to the fish farming because it is necessary every day and we will forgive more from abroad.
During the shooting, the ship was hit by a rocket and thus, caught fire and burnt down and could no longer operate in the war.
Almost all the NPP leaders and office bearers were present at the ceremony, which was held at Umsawnongkharai, Ri Bhoi. Victor Ranee, MDC from Jirang, MDC from Umroi, Rangkynsai Kharbuki, MDC from Umroi, NPP Advisor from Ri Bhoi, Clement Mawlong, NPP President from Ri Bhoi, Thomas Malai and others.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (SASA) led by Bah L. Marngar has demanded that the MDA government should release the salaries of SSA teachers for the past four months. from November 2018 to June 2019, so that the families of the teachers will not face any problems.
The AIM through the petition has also informed the college through the Principal that the reopening of schools after the lockdown should not be misled and should be used according to the freedom of education as it should be since starting without the need to wear masks, wash hands everywhere and also without following other protocols in the management of Covid-1
Shillong CA beat Shillong CA (B) by 30 runs in the first leg of the tournament.
Shallam said that after returning from America, he phoned him and told him that he could not come anymore. “I told him to ask permission from his President to come on the 12th and to be present on the 13th, but he said he could not do so,” he said.
He said he was proud of the victory of the Indian Navy.
And now they believe, because he shall come down on the mount of Olives, in the clouds of heaven, and every eye shall see him, and they also which pierced him:
“This is part of the preparation for the 6th Semester examination entitled “SAC against SUP Bottles” which started from 25th June to 4th June at St. Anthony's College. ," said the Head of Department, Dr. Cherry K. Kharshiing.
“The training provided by the Civil Defense Department has benefited the Dorbar Shnongs, Nokma and the people,” he said.
Answering a question on the number of students from Bangladesh who want to return to their villages, he said that if there are people from Meghalaya who want to return to their villages, If you want to return to your country, you have to inform the Indian Embassies in that country.
“We will get the final percentage of voter turnout in the state after we have received the full count and we expect it to increase,” said Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Dr BDR. Tiwari while talking to the media.
The court asked whether there is a report on the work of the committee. T.Dkhar Chairperson of the Task Force Committee promised to submit it within three months.
Police have arrived and investigated the scene.
Thanam is a minister in the Narendra Modi government and is also a Christian from Goa.
Parties which do not speak clearly on issues affecting the nation should be rejected immediately and parties which are slow and have a clear plan to promote not only economic development but also to maintain peace. We must promote and honor the uniqueness of the nation.
Shillong: The teachers of the Meghalaya Government LP School Contractual Association (MGLPSCA) on Tuesday expressed their regret that the government has not invited the teachers' leaders to meet.
“This is an irresponsible statement from the mouth of a government minister who should take responsibility for the problems of the people.
“...although the KSU has opened the door for young women to participate fully as leading office bearers by amending the Constitution in
We have prevention and intervention measures.
At a meeting held today, Mukul urged the people of the state to come out and take part in the celebration of the Republic Day.
On the part of the DSO, Bah K.Passah, he informed all the participants that the registration will be held on the 15th at 5:30 pm.
Shylla said that the letter sent to him by the Secretary is exactly like what happened to the former Secretary Welljune Syiemlieh, where the CEM Pynshngain N Syiem ordered it without going through. according to the rules, which could also cause problems for her in the future.
To mention a few, the number of tourist attractions in South West Khasi Hills District is very high despite the beautiful hills and rivers and the air we breathe. clean.
In a statement sent to the media, Samla Shemphang Masharing, said that the tower which has been erected in the village, has been welcomed by the residents of many villages of the area. from Mawlasnai to Tyrso and the villages on the border with Assam.
The JSU said that the PHC needs a doctor to look after the patients and to provide for the needs of the PHC as the PHC receives patients not only from Dawki, Darrang but from other neighboring villages.
Speaking at the closing ceremony of the Monolith Festival of KHADC held at the Khasi Heritage Village in Mawphlang, Sangma said the government will continue to support all the various activities. District Council in the State.
He said that in fact the PWD department had planned to complete the construction of Motphran as soon as possible but as they were working only at night, it had made them slow in the work.
“It is our concern that this arrest could lead to a tragic incident,” said Ma P Ymbon, President of the party.
When the earth dies, where shall your children cultivate, and where shall your children and grandchildren flee? Stop buying those drugs immediately because in the end only the seller's plate will burn while yours will burn and burn.
Soon, the people will be able to vote from their mobile phones to avoid the time and energy instead of going to their polling stations on polling day.
I can say with confidence that after the notification of these Acts, the working methods of our judiciary will be free from the feeling of slavery.
On the other hand, the ADM, CS Laloo has held talks with the EJNC leaders and they have decided to meet the DC on the second day at his office.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 17: With the aim of strengthening the services to the people of Meghalaya, HANM Ri Bhoi together with the Sengkmie today launched a new office known as the HANM, Nongpoh Circle and its leaders should take the responsibility to provide services to the people of Nongpoh.
They were arrested during a raid at Dampukaphal area under Rongra Police Station, South Garo Hills.
The Ministry of Education understands the contribution of the SSA staff and the success of the SSA programs in the State.
I started screaming and my daughter came and saw that I was bleeding.
Hence arise doubts, fears, great despairs of human life.
Pynshngaiñ said the new salary will be implemented from this month, but the salary to the employees will be paid after the KHADC presents the full budget in the next dorbar. in July this year.
According to the findings of the EC, they witnessed that there has been a border crossing by Assam to Mukroh village which has also led to a tragic incident.
Regarding this donation, Bah PT Sawkmie expressed his gratitude for the donation and he is very sorry if he cannot help the sportsmen to achieve their goals.
Rejecting this allegation, the Minister said, “At present, in Meghalaya, even the illegally built Coke Factories have been ordered to close down and therefore, they have been closed down.
Today, there will be a distribution of T.12 crore to various groups as part of empowering you to protect your forests and land.
The true church should not be governed by the will of the people, not by politics, but by prayer and the Word of God.
Recently, the MLA donated an ambulance to Nongtalang CHC and the union reminded him to donate an ambulance to other hospitals in War Jaintia so that the sick can use them in case of emergency.
The Prime Minister said that the rules should be followed, all the arrangements should be followed and the government will follow according to the rules and regulations of the law.
“If the turnout is less than 60 percent (60%), we think it is very low, but as it is now, the turnout is sufficient, but more is needed. that all the people should fulfill their duty as citizens in this democratic country,” he said.
The PSPB men's and women's team won the title after beating Maharashtra 3-0
Nongstoiñ: The leaders of the Gorkha Students Union (SSU) have expressed their hope that the people of Langpih area will achieve peace and stability through the visit of the two Chief Ministers of the two states to Langpih for talks. on demarcation.
The meeting decided to write to the government regarding the measures to provide relief to the indigenous people living on the border and soon after the meeting was scheduled , all 29 MDCs The KHADC will meet with the government authorities to discuss the issue.
During the rainy months, these villages receive rainfall almost every day (in the evening) due to the evaporation from the Umïam Lake.
At the time, the Law Commission said that the Uniform Civil Code is not necessary or desirable.
The driver of the truck was driving a truck number TR 01 AG 1689 belonging to FCI Anup Trade.
Nongpoh, Lber 08 : U Bah Mayral Born Syiem, who has been re-elected as MLA of Nongpoh Constituency for the second term, today sent a special greeting to the people of Nongpoh Constituency. He was elected to the Nongpoh Constituency in the Legislative Assembly to continue his services to the Nongpoh Constituency and Ri-Bhoi. whole.
Later in the day, the President will visit the Don Bosco Museum.
Guardiola, who coached Messi during his two years at Barcelona, ​​believes the 36-year-old deserves his share.
The second match will be between Lumparing Sports Club and Kharang SC at 2:30 pm while the second match will be between Mawlai SC and Ïasnohktilang FC at 2:30 pm. at 4:15 p.m.
no Rest..." while now, when in their villages and in their Assembly Constituencies, they shout 'Vote for NPP'
The office of the Executive Engineer PWD (RDS) Shangpung Division has ordered the contractor to clean and refill the Nartiang Ionglwit Barato road which the KSU and Thangrain Village have accused of building torti.
Two persons were injured and one died at Woodland WK Hospital.
It is to be recalled that the Government has introduced the blueprint after rejecting the proposal submitted by the HPC on June 25, 2022 which includes the allocation of 200 square meters of land in each European Ward. 342 households in addition to the cost of building houses.
In the second half, Ragdajied took the lead through Ieitlang Syiemlieh (57') but Khanngam Hora scored the second goal. second in 68′ for the match-tying Kickstart.
During the investigation, these people identified themselves as Ronand Kyndait and Daniel Syiem from Shillong.
He said that the meeting also discussed not only the issues of PLHIV, but also the issues in the society, income, issues affecting the community and others. can help people to participate in society.
The Umiam Bridge was constructed in 1958 and was completed in
Initially, CH Passah, Deputy Director, MIPR welcomed the film and gave a keynote address on the film. Muksor conducted the meeting and journalist Kong Emilda Nangbah gave the welcome speech.
We should not yet rest on shouting and working for unity.
She urged everyone to work together in the community through this Center to help HIV positive people and to fight against drugs which is rampant these days.
Shillong: U Ethelbert Kharmalki has been appointed as the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District and SS Syiemlieh has been appointed as the Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills. of Eastern Jaintia Hills.
After KGF: Chapter 2, Sanjay Dutt has signed another film South and the actor said that the stories of South films are now very attractive to him. the reason why he never dared to reject any South films he felt suited and suited for him to take part.
The KHNAM leader also strongly criticized the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) for not taking any action to issue the Labor License even after the KHNAM has requested from time to time. In fact it is the duty of the District Council to do these things but the District Council uses its police only at its own gate without sending “What is the benefit of having a Labor Department in the District Council? It is like paying salaries without employing the EM Labour,” said Thomas.
It is because of this that the villages, the countries, the Raids and the state are still lagging behind in all aspects which are the root causes of corruption.
The party itself cannot see if the paradoh parasnam are being insulted by other ethnic groups, therefore the party will think and take action against these other ethnic groups, who have insulted the Khasi, because of the The Seng feels that no one should be allowed to enter the border areas.
The next day, the President will visit NEHU to inaugurate the Innovation Club.
Hek said whatever is best for the people, the government will do.
DDG (Compliance) AK Jain explained the need for mobile towers and the role of telecommunications to ensure full connectivity.
While drinking, Bah Let started talking about the village issues and the land issues.
“Those who follow his teachings will remember him and follow his footsteps, the footsteps of love for his people, in whose footsteps he holds his foundation, and who puts first the land before him, before the people.
They were not afraid of us all, for they were all around us.
If you can do and you agree that you are still considering these issues then they should do something and implement these issues that are pending now and not fight politics with these issues which affect the state and the nation” he concluded. u Symbud Prime Minister.
The Kur system among the Khasi is something surprising and rare to find, from this Kur system we can understand and confirm that we come from the same ancestors and we are one Jaidbynriew and we cannot say that the Khasi and Jaintia (Pnar and War) are the same nation as appears in many writings.
The FKJGP has appealed for the cooperation and encouragement of the people to protect the ILP. The rights, land, employment, education have been taken away by the authorities like Polo, Madanrting, Jail Road, Laban and others.
Therefore, he urged the students to take part in such tournaments as a golden opportunity for the students to showcase their talents and costumes.
He said Meghalaya recently won the United Nations World Summit Award in Switzerland for the implementation of Digital in the service of the Government to the people.
Announcing this, the Coordinator of the Mawkynrew Cup Committee, Bah Tympang Pohshna, said that 16 clubs including Shillong Lajong will take part in the tournament.
“ “Also on Tuesday morning, during a patrol, BSF troops found a drone and a plate from a place about 700 m from the IB. 350 m away from the fence at BS. When the bag was opened, it was found that there was a bag containing a stem tape and a small torch," said the spokesman.
Marbaniang said the group will meet with the Vice-Chancellor of NEHU to inquire about the rules and regulations of the university. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has issued this article to warn the students that they will lose the opportunity to write their examinations just because they do not have an Aadhaar Card.
Speaking to media, Rymbui said that the peace talks between the HNLC and the Government have gone quickly and he does not want to say anything. you have not reached the goal of success.
The Khasi Disabilities Association (KHA) has strongly condemned the Congress candidate from Sohiong, Bah SWOsborn Kharjana for his speech which has affected the people with disabilities. he must apologize to them within 24 hours.
When this reporter inquired about the market and the sale of pataka bombs after the government has issued an order ban ban pataka bombs at will but only from 8 pm to 10 pm and while struggling to ask some students how they feel about not getting the opportunity to celebrate Diwali, a student of class IV said that he alone feels that it is enough what is the rule the government produces because it causes environmental pollution.
Shillong: The Supreme Court today fixed the date for the hearing on the 12th November 2018, on the availability of coal, which is still in the mines and which should be sold.
Although the excitement for the election of the Legislative Assembly in the State has now intensified as the entire State has already received its own Leaders from 2nd October 2023 but for The people of Sohiong Constituency are still waiting to know who will be the leader from this constituency.
Fortunately, Jemino won. If the rulers serve the rights of the people, Meghalaya is the largest state in the North East. help each other.
The Seng Samla Kur Lyngdoh Umiong and Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien once again appeal to the Kur Lyngdoh Umiong and Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien to continue to be the pillar of the Kur Lyngdoh Umiong and Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien. the kur and the Ri Khaiñ except for their own affairs.
Regarding the successful passing of the students this year, the management and founders of the school together with the elders of the area, in the presence of Bah KP Pangñiang MDC & former MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, on Tuesday Last month, they held a meeting to honor these children at the school, in the presence of all the teachers, parents, members of the Managing Committee and students. .
He said that anyone who intends to join the BJP and contest elections for his own personal gain will have no place because the main goal of the BJP is to serve the people. with righteousness without any deceit.
Recently we learned that a tender of NEIGRHMS was awarded to an agency from New Delhi on 13 July 2020, and this agency does not have a trading license from KHADC. ensure that non-residents filing the tender should ensure that the trade license is one of the documents required to be submitted along with the financial bid.
He is a Paid Khasi who says that it is wrong and it is exactly like covering and painting a new color on a tree that has already rotted.
My answer is straightforward – We don't listen, we think.
I have to admit that if it wasn't for MIIS, I would have had to wait another two or three months to get the documents,” said Bah Sungoh.
A momentary thought and life is the price of freedom, this is the saying in English.
Sylliang will get the Trade Department while Hadrian will get the Forest Department.
These compounds can help fight against the spread of infections in the body.
He said that the Myntdu River is one of the most important rivers in West Jaintia Hills district, which is also known as 'ka Tawiar ka Takan'
"We have ordered the siege of this bloodthirsty settlement," Israel's Defense Minister said after Hamas militants launched an attack on Israel on Saturday morning. More than 700 people were killed in Israel alone and thousands were injured.
Immediately this decree was spread by the fugitives to all the provinces of the Empire.
Tarak Jaiswal, 35, has worked for the State Bank of India for eight years and during these eight years, Jaiswal, 35, is Senior Assistant Manager at the bank's Memari branch, 82 kilometers away. from Kolkata, West Bengal and during his eight years at the bank, he stole a large amount of cash amounting to T.84 lakh.
The drinker often has a spirit of selfishness, pride until he doesn't know what is right or wrong, he speaks bad words and sleeps without being found even on the streets.
Speaking at the meeting, Grace said that her family in the past had a foundation in the Congress party and she never thought that she would join the party. Congress and its arrival in the Congress party is surprising.
Nongpoh, Nailar 12: For the past four months, the residents of Umlakhar village in Ri-Bhoi district have been facing a serious problem and have to live in darkness without electricity due to the lack of attention of the MeECL department to look after the problem. although the village authorities have already talked to the relevant authorities and conveyed the concerns of the people.
Furthermore, Bah Generous said that the government should take action to investigate those involved in collaboration with the party, in order to find out the root causes of this as they are the first to find out the truth.
He said that to find out the truth about the change of color of the Lukha River in EJHD, the government can also appoint a team of inquiry to find out the truth.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the Minister announced the services of this school which has produced thousands of teachers who have served in the field of education, and also to be a rynsan for training in teaching methods.
The election shall be held in different constituencies in the State or Union Territory.
From what was seen on that day, the police from Assam, have spoken to the leaders of the KSU and RBYF, requesting them not to go to the police station. The village, because it will affect the peace and order, especially at this time of turmoil in the border issues.
The teachers who are skilled and who deserve to be promoted have been forgotten and their rights have been violated.
Shillong: U Roopshan Dewan, 27, resident of Laban, Shillong, has died after being shot dead in several parts of Shillong today. He was shot dead by unidentified persons and about 9 people were injured in various incidents in Shillong.
How many people wrote the Bible?
C.Pynsakhiat Yeini Kyndiah July 4, 2020 In the morning, Muchai was still in the morning, on the last day of the morning.
There are those who say that mankind can feed itself on animal flesh.
The date of the final will be announced later by the SBSA.
However, he refused to ally with any political party and wanted to go into the elections alone.
It was at this time that the Assam Police opened fire and shot dead the villagers.
Some users deposited Rs 2,000 in ATMs on Saturday.
“On the other hand, the NHAI has not done anything to repair the road, so we will continue to close the toll gate until the repair of the road is completed. throw just a handful on the street," he said.
Only Mizoram captain Peka scored 102 runs from 136 balls, including 20 boundaries.
The two organizations seized several trucks on 24th November before lodging a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of South Garo Hills the next day.
Marcuise Marak, Minister of State for the first time, will hold the PHE, Housing Department and Soil and Water Conservation Department.
Shillong, Nailur, 09: The State President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya State Unit, Dr W.Kharlukhi, who is also an MP of the Rajya Sabha, on Tuesday said that those who “don't agree with the border demarcation do not need to vote for the Rajya Sabha. NPP" is the speech of a fool, a fool and shows that the NPP party counts dewthala and shows clearly that it has no responsibility for the land of the Kima Khasi.
He said that for the drinking water, the Laitryngew Mawkma Combined Water Supply Scheme has been provided at a cost of Rs 10 crore.
He said that the working methods of the State Government are satisfactory because in this Government many of the development works have gone ahead. It is necessary that until the situation improves, the performance or non-performance of various government departments will be recognized.
If you don't have 10, 7 Garo and 3 Khasi, you say it's enough, you say it's enough for the Garo people, you pig, the Khasi has 30 lakh and the Garo has 15 lakh, VPP will support you body and soul, in fact, the Khasi should get 7 out of 10, the Garo 3 because the Khasi is more paid.
“This petition is part of the Regional Committee to visit these 39 villages in the Langpih sector and to allow these villages to come to our state. "he added.
He urged the kidnappers to release Tymmenbasan Dinar Syiemlieh immediately without injury and demand money from the family members for his release.
“We need to give clarity to the people on this.
The Seng expresses its support to the church groups as well as the various religious groups such as the KJCLF and SAFF who have come forward to express their opposition and demand that the Act should be repealed.
People who work in many fields are smarter, more intelligent and more intelligent because of their relationship with people who know these different fields.
The bronze medals were won by South West Khasi Hills and South Garo Hills.
On the other hand, the President of the Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (JACATAM) and Chairman of JACATAM, Bah ED Nongsiang, said that the union welcomes and agrees with the rules introduced by the MBoSE to improve the quality of education in the state.
“Where are all the children?” she asked.
In the first quarter final between Mawmang and Puriang, Mawmang beat Puriang 3-1 in the tie-breaker after the match ended in a 1-1 draw.
Rephica finished in 8 hrs 47 min 29 sec, while the first and third places were won by the participants from Darjeeling. and Goa.
According to police sources, the deceased was identified as Darren Marak and the suspect was identified as Darren Marak. Your name is Henodson A Sangma.
The Chief Guest said that knowledge and understanding is a part of man and it is a wealth that no one can destroy. you the clear of the name.
Decently Talang 12' and Batskhem Dkhar 14' scored each.
It was Sunday, the 27th June 2022, and in the afternoon, the residents of Shillong witnessed a bright and strange red vehicle driving through the villages and townships.
The price for sub-dealers is 84.03 tyngka per litre, for the residents of Nongstoiñ (Town Area) is 87.03 tyngka per litre and outside Nongstoiñ, it is 87.53 tyngka per litre.
The four arrested include Noren Rabha, Nripen Sangma, Noksi G. Momin, Lachit Rabha and Pronab Rangsa, residents of the area.
Shillong, July 13: Youngstar and SMCA won the Shillong Cricket League 3rd Division on Saturday. Cricket Association in collaboration with Samkhamti at Urkaliar Stadium.
Many political parties like ARPA, PDF in KHADC, various political parties in Khasi and Jaintia Hills have opposed the Ordinance. Shillong, July 03: The Sub Committee will meet again on July 15 before submitting the report of the 8th Schedule to the Village Administration Bill. High Level Committee to include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Football Secretary: Nangebormi Suting (M) 9856500508.
Once the righteousness and the goddess have fled, they are now ruled by sin, blood, evil, and power.
Nongpoh: The RRTC Umran Niangbyrnai Pond today has been in trouble after a man went to catch fish from the pond. to this competition.
In this regard, those residents who have reached the age of 18 years as of that date and also those who have not yet registered their names on the Draft Photo Roll can register themselves at the Polling Stations where they reside.
This dance does not have the name of the dance or the style of dance and how to dance it.
However, the next day Phermeki asked us to delete this post instead of explaining about it.
This was informed by Shri Sanjay Kumar, Under Secretary, MHA, Government of India in a letter No. 9/15/2013-NE.1 dated 14th March 2014, sent to John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, Chairman, Chairman, Dorbar of Chiefs of Meghalaya, & Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, informed that the DO letter sent to the Hon'ble Home Minister and Home Secretary, Government of India and that the MHA has requested the State Government to look into the demand of the Federation of Khasi States to implement the promises and agreements.
On the activities of the NEICC, the example of the Union Christian College, Umiam, which was established in
At the same time, he said that there have been many comments regarding the demarcation and there are also demands for the renewal of the soskular.
They cut down the Agor trees, extracted the gold and sold it to the Dkhars in the market: Duddura, Boko and Guwahati at a reasonable price.
Speaking by phone, NEHUSU Finance Secretary Mandor Diengdoh said that the Vice President of the Union Easterson Sohtun was injured in the incident.
Before the announcement of the elections, it is expected that the Lok Sabha will meet again to get the approval of the House on the expenditure for the six months of until the formation of a new government after the Lok Sabha elections.
Debojeet Thoasen said that the provision of paragraph 14 (a) is part of the improvement of the ADCs. He said that the ADCs can be removed through this provision if no clear explanation is received.
Debasmita Dutta took the wicket for Meghalaya for 30 runs.
While there were negotiations inside, those standing outside burnt down the vehicles,” said Bah Nongtnger.
In addition to those languages ​​that already exist from all over the villages, there are also languages ​​that can be created by combining two or three words to create one language that is meaningful, clean and short. katïai in order to improve the quality of writing.
Praising the great courage, determination and courage shown by the women of various armed forces, Conrad Sangma said that women are no less than anyone else and that this program and motorcycle riding Thuk is one example of Nari Shakti.
At the meeting, the Prime Minister together with the MLA of the area, Bah Mohendro Rapsang, also launched the ambulance of the Hindu Mission, LED Streetlights and CCTV cameras installed in the area.
At the end of the match, prizes were awarded to both the teams, the winner received a cash prize of Rs 65,000 and the loser Rs 25,0
Rahul will lead the 67-day Yatra, with the aim of meeting face to face with various groups, farmers, workers, Dalits, tribals and others.
He said the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has already spoken to the Defense Minister of the West Bengal government on this issue.
B MukhimAccording to media reports, the alliance between the UDP and the HSPDP before the MLA Election, 2018, has ended after the election. candidate for the MP Election,
It was also during the time of Bah EK Mawlong as Speaker, when there were differences of opinion with Bah Humphrey Hadem MLA Raliang, who gave an example from the Fables of Aesop, but when we looked at the Rules, it was allowed. in taking example.
Minerva Punjab FC has also won the Hero I-League, Hero Sub-Junior League (U13), Hero Junior League (U15) and Hero Elite League (U18).
Like a soldier, who has decided to sacrifice himself and give up his life to become that soldier or hero who will be responsible for the death and life of the people in that kingdom.
Furthermore, the union said that how the MeECL department runs the 11kv signal of the Umkiang line from the houses of people, this action of MeECL is to kill people.
World celebrity Atiq Ahmed and Ashraf were shot dead while being taken to a hospital in Prayagraj in the presence of police.
“We will write to these departments that the purchase is insufficient and illegal,” she said.
After they had finished eating and wanted to pay the bill, unidentified persons on motorcycles and about 30 people came and shot them.
"Through our intelligence, we reached Baghdadi's residence and took a piece of his underwear and conducted a DNA test and confirmed that he is indeed the leader of ISIS," Can said. .
At the meeting held at the Main Secretariat, Shillong, the Chief Secretary sought information on the situation on the border ahead of the Lok Sabha elections.
And the servant was moved with compassion, and went and besought his lord, that he would give him his money.
“Maybe the Meghalaya dewbilat doesn't fit, so we should replace the dewbilat (government) and allow the BJP to form a government so that they don't fall. no more," he said while speaking to the media.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, has announced the areas that have been placed under the Micro-Containment Zone. places which have warned against people not to enter and leave these places.
“According to the Rakhuram Report, Meghalaya is the most backward state in the country and this claim of the Congress-led MUA-II government is unfounded,” he said. Mr. Mawthoh.
It was time for me to go back to the classroom.
A 7-year-old child has to carry a book bag as heavy as a class 10 book.
Police have recovered a bomb and about 2 kg of explosives from a house at 9mer, Khanapara. Abdul Barek, 23, of Chandler Goan, Dhubri, Assam and Md Hasem Ali, 19, of Barpeta, Assam.
He said that the government provides assistance to the youth as an encouragement to use their talents properly, whether in the field of art, music, sports and others.
At present, perhaps the government can look into such projects and strengthen them so that the people from the four districts of Garo Hills do not have to come to Shillong to complete their work.
Rai said the Ministry of Defense had given tentative approval for the establishment of five more battalions so that the soldiers would have the opportunity to live close to their families in their preferred locations.
Farmers continue to block the Amritsar-Delhi railway line at Davidyal Pura in Punjab, where many farmers are joining the protest. the Farm Bill of the Government of India.
Several houses and two churches were destroyed in Zokhawthar, near Champhai.
Mawkyrwat, October 19: Also present on the occasion were Bah HM Shangpliang, Secretary Health and Family Welfare Mission NHM Meghalaya, Deputy Commissioner of SWKH Ripnar Lyngdoh, DM&HO of Mwkyrwat Dr. (MRS) and M. Marbaniang. other other.
Marshal Manavendra Singh is the Chief of Army Staff in charge of the EAC headquarters and his son Siddrath Singh is one of the pilots of the Mi-7 V5 at the EAC headquarters. they were also those who came from a family that was filled with memory and pride.
Among the 35 members, the Mihmyntdu Dorbar Shnong has honored Khadwiwed Chyrmang who received his PhD from Annamalai University.
“I wonder why they look forward to the work that others do when they themselves cannot do it,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 25: Although the HNLC has come to the peace talks table, it is still an illegal party and anyone who helps them will be considered illegal to be arrested. .
The JHTOA has called for a strike if its demand is not met from the 20th of this month.
These include EGH: 20, EJH: 19, EKH: 238, NGH: 21, RBD: 46, SGH: 06, SWGH: 20, SWKH: 77, WGH: 97, WJH: 83 and WKH:
We started the exercise at 6 pm for three hours in which the children exercised hard, both in terms of physical strength, and also to get information on how to improve in the games.
“The people have supported us and the government should not take this stingy and we have a firm belief that this committee will not end up like other committees and we will continue to monitor.
To identify the beneficiaries of various Government programmes, to provide land for projects and others, for the development of tribal areas in the State.
Now some people say that a woman gets all the wealth at home.
In East Khasi Hills District, 69 cases, in West Garo Hills, 16 cases, in South West Garo Hills, two cases including one from the Armed Forces and one from the civilian district. There is only one in South Garo Hills and one in West Khasi Hills.
Preparations are underway to ban another 250 apps, including games linked to Alibaba, PUBG and others.
Shillong, June 23 : Umpling Presbyterian Secondary School has won the over all champion in the 4th Inter School Sports Meet 2023 organized by the Education Committee of Laitumkhrah District.
“During the elections, I worked hard and according to my calculations, we will get the number to form a government, but Rahul told me to terminate the term of office of President.
Recently, there has been a protest to change the reservation policy in the State.
but we have to cover our heads.
Of course, the HPC has accepted the blueprint but there are only a few requests to change,” said Sniawbha.
This was also decided by all the MDCs who attended the meeting,” said Bah Bajop.
Russian law enforcement agencies have strongly condemned Ovsyannikova's spread of false information about Russian affairs and the Russian military.
This is not only to inform the people how to prepare for the MLA elections but also to prepare for the MDC elections. The elections will be held in 2024 for the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and JHADC.
Remember not to use the words “hakhmih” or “peit”.
In its manifesto for the MDC elections 2019 to be held on the 27th of this month, the UDP has clearly stated that “The Election Commission of India (ECI) has The election will be held on 27.02.2019 in both these Councils (KHADC and JHADC).
The three areas with the lowest number of plastic seizures were Keshavpuram, central Delhi, and Karol Bagh.
The tournament will start on the 26th July 2019 at the NSCA Pahamsyiem Stadium, Nongpoh. The tournament is open to teams from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
If these are successful, City will agree a £30 million ($38.7 million) contract with Al-Ahli for the Algerian international.
The death toll in England in the past 24 hours has risen to 823, bringing the total to 8,9
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday announced that the state government has issued a tender for the construction of footpaths and drains in Ïewduh.
“The CM has said that the central government will not withdraw money from the ADCs, but will give it as it should,” she said.
Among the leaders who attended the meeting were Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh who is also the convener, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang, Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh and other party leaders. and the women's organization of Ri Bhoi.
The Minister also informed that the state government will soon set up an Education Commission to look after all aspects of the improvement of education in the state.
“We need more IAS and IPS from the area.
He said that in this state of ours, to live as an actor to earn and support your family only from acting and being an actor, you can't save but you have to do it with others. others do not live.
“We don't want to say anything on this issue yet,” said Bah Mawsor, adding that the party is still considering this issue.
Earlier, there was also a meeting between the residents and the District Administration as well.
“They don't have the right to trade because they don't have the documents.
Fire is the destroyer not only of plants but of all beneficial micro-organisms which benefit us humans and the environment as well.
“We humans have our own feelings.
They have already decided to form a government only with allies of the NEDA (NDA) like the NPP in order to seize power at will.
I gave the women the Lakshmir Bhandaar.
Adding to this, the EM in charge of the Elaka Department, Bah Bindo M Lanong, said that it is the government's negligence that has caused this confusion in relation to the boundary issue.
Also present on the occasion were MDCs from Jowai and Moodymmai-Wahiajer including Brightstar Chyrmang of Jowai, North, Lakhon Dkhar, Amwi-Khliehtyrshi, MDC nominee Octowatt Lamin and MDC Moodymmai.
The Trust was established by Shri Prashan Naik, Retd.IAS.Ex Addl.Chief Secretary, the State Government and others with the aim of recognizing the hard work of the Police in the society by providing reward them to encourage them to be smarter at work.
S.I.Dream.
Prestone Tynsong on Thursday said that they are waiting for a report from the district authorities on a complaint against one of the government ministers, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare, who allegedly distributed money to the people of Nongkrem constituency.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) in a statement today expressed its satisfaction that one of the former leaders of the Union in the past years, Colin Laloo, has decided to The MDC election will be held with the aim of serving the country and the people better.
The inauguration meeting was held on the 2nd of this month and was conducted by Dr. DS Diengdoh, Program Officer, NSS Unit of the College.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Special Court headed by the First Class Judicial Magistrate, Bah R Rymbai, has given six months to the Sengbhalang leaders to bring their cases. In fact , the court has summoned the leaders of 14 political parties today Only two organizations, the CSWO and the All India Garo Union (AIGU), appeared in court today.
If you thought shooting was a strength? everything can be done, but no it's not" he said.
In the men's 55 kg below category, Shemladbha Khongwir (Seng Khasi College) won the first place.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister also donated T.50,000 from the Chief Minister Relief Fund to a woman who died of Covid-1
The Dolloi hoped that through the existence of this village, it will bring about the welfare and development of the village. side.
The death toll from the coronavirus has risen to 3,000, with 42 deaths in China.
As the people of Bri Hynniewtrep, I would like each and every one of us to help develop the unique talent of this young man, and I would like to urge especially those people who have been involved in the production of films, or who have been involved in the production of films. They have produced a collection of songs to allow this young man to showcase his talent through songs so that the world will know about his talent, and especially to become a source of income for him and his family. you're your family.
South Shillong MLA Sanbor Shullai on Tuesday said that the KSU's opposition to the name of Ardhendu Chouddhury Road is only a political motive. Do you know that it is only a political movement of the KSU? I don't know what you're talking about, but it's out of my mouth.
Samla Ioanis said that these people who received the NoC from the Rangbah Shnong are from the Garo community from other parts of the country. Rangbah Shnong who did this without the knowledge of the village and the people of the village.
However, this January, 2023, till the 17th, the water level has dropped to 3,164 feet, which means that the water level has dropped to 56 feet from 3,220 feet.
About 600 pedestrians on that day had to walk up to 10 kilometers through 10 bridges.
Shillong, July 21: U KHN AM MDC from Jaiaw, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has criticized the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma for delaying the implementation of the report of the High Level Committee on Influx (HLCoI). ) has been approved for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
The government has taken a decision to clean up the light bill remaining to the light production companies and the government has taken this step and there is also a need for MeECL to bring in the light bill. change in work performance.
The office of Rupang, Sawmer, Upper Shillong-5, is looking for a computer operator to work in the evening.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Border Area Raid Nongtung, the Minister said that the second phase of the border demarcation will be completed soon which will include seven more areas. He and Himanta Biswa, Chief Minister of Assam will hold a meeting in Guwahati in the coming days.
No one can save except the Son of God.
On the allegation that there are high levels, Tynsong said, “Don't ask me that, but I say why don't they reveal the names of those high levels and one thing they say is not true. I don't know if these trucks are registered or not.
Even today these same church leaders who claim to be teachers of the laws of God, pyllein pyllein commit corruption and continue to join hands with the rulers/political leaders to oppress the people and use misuse power for personal gain.
As a leader, he said that he will fight as much as he can to provide assistance to the village for the development of the village.
“We accept this organization as a brother and humble ourselves before God.
Nongstoiñ: As part of the efforts to strengthen the peace and order of the residents of Langpih area which is also a village on the border with Assam, the MDC of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, Bah Bajop Pyngrope, has purchased a and handed over to the Hima Nongmynsaw Syiemship for the purpose of providing land to the government for the construction of a fully functional Police Outpost in Langpih.
After finding sufficient evidence, the leaders of the KSU Sahsniang Unit, have lodged a complaint with the MCS officer, the Magistrate in charge of the elections, against Deshman Pradhan who has taken the Chyrmang clan. .
Then there are the Zionist groups in Israel who want to exterminate the Arabs in Palestine who have lived and grown on the shores of the Mediterranean Sea since ancient times.
:Sunrise Cricket Club have won the First Division Shillong Cricket League 2022-23 by beating Nongthymmai SCC by 151 runs on Tuesday at the Polo Ground.
Thus, both Elisha and Ezekiel face a historical event that refers only to death and destruction.
He said that this issue will be discussed again when the Prime Minister comes and will be brought up at the Cabinet meeting as well as the MDA meeting and the meeting of all political parties (all party meeting).
The Government said that comparing the letter received from the PDF and ARPA to the Governor, it shows that the two MDCs have moved from one party to another on the same day. Another reason that the government has mentioned is the non-resignation of the incumbent CEM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, even though the ARPA has already elected a new leader. The CEM's resignation shows that he has not given any signs for the upcoming CEM elections. The CEM's resignation shows that the government has doubts and Sub paragraph (2) of Paragraph 16 of the 6th Schedule states that if there has been such an incident, sub paragraph (2) of Paragraph 16 of the 6th Schedule In the absence of governance within the District Council, the Governor may govern himself or delegate to any authority to govern within the District Council.
The elderly man has been missing since March 8th.
We have seven brothers, one sister and seven brothers.
The goal of the teachers of this school is not only to see all the students pass but they have a great desire to see the students of this school reach the Top 10 and Top “In the coming years, the teachers will be able to see the students,” said Shidalyne Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi, Assistant Teacher, Pearly Stone Academy Secondary School, Mawryngkang.
Sreenidi Deccan FC are one of the best hopes of winning the I League, led by Portuguese coach Carlos Vaz Pinto, who finished second in the I League. they are not yet finished.
Once these are completed, it will boost tourism and income generation in the North East, he added.
As mentioned above, selfishness is also one of the evils, that this selfishness is not about dress, religion, food and drink, behavior and so on, but about selfishness. also in the field of literature and philosophy.
He said that the Government of Meghalaya has recently decided to use NCERT books from Class I to Class X. Earlier, the Government had taken the same decision for Class XI and Class XII from 2018.
Ri Bhoi Police have seized drugs and arrested two suspects after receiving a tip about the Tourist Bus and the shrip at Umling at At 8.30 pm, police seized the bus and seized the drugs.
“We congratulate the WJH Police,” said the SP of EJH on the seizure of the drugs after the surveillance of drug traffickers in the area.
The incident happened at Langhemphi village in West Karbi Anglong district of Assam.
It was also announced that 2023 has been recognized as the International Year of Millets.
Shillong, March 17: The Regional Election Committee of the National People's Party (NPP) led by Bah Jied Kurbah as Chairman and President of the National People's Party (NPP) East Khasi Hills District has announced that it has released the forms for the election. those candidates who want to apply for tickets from the party in the 2018 elections.
There is a proverb, “When there is poverty, love also comes out of the mouth and the throat.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Friday launched the Prime Agriculture Response Vehicles at MAMETI, Upper Shillong.
In the evening, they have provided food and we thank you because our journey has been peaceful and we don't have any fear,” said the student and other students. message.
Alak Das was killed while sleeping in his truck parked in front of the FCI station. The driver was killed by two men who stole the vehicle. A truck carrying 500 byrni of rice, which was supposed to be delivered to Chansari, was found 5 kilometers away from the place where he was killed. One of the suspects has been arrested.
One of the phone numbers was disconnected, while the other was reachable.
Ankit Kumar, NCR, Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh, said that the installation of radium in motor vehicles and the delivery of First Aids boxes to the owners and drivers of vehicles in West Jaintia Hills District will start from 01.05.2023 to 31.05.2
The Government's silence has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of Mawlai.
The Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Professor Prabha Shankar Shukla, said that the university's position is clear on the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP) the approval of the Principals and students of the various colleges.
When we turn back to today in the ranks of MA/MSc/MCom, etc., the job search has increased.
Earlier, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare also inspected the CHC Sohra which is in dire need.
Miss India 2020, Manasa Varanasi from Telangana, has crowned Miss India 2022 Sini.
The Meghalaya Weightlifting Association (MWA) will hold the 2023 Meghalaya Weightlifting Meet at the Donbosco Youth Center in Laitumkhrah, Shillong on Saturday (29th).
Therefore, the PJ investigation team reached the scene on the same day for further investigation through those who live in the area.
In a written statement, the union demanded the appointment of a full time SDO of MePDCL Mawshynrut division.
There is no need to talk about the future of the students who are still in schools. Especially in Shillong and even in the rural areas, there is only one school. it had thousands of students.
The runners up Matador won a cash prize of 3,000 tyngka along with a trophy.
The struggle for statehood lasted for 40 years from 1960 to 1970, when hartals, processions, marches, public meetings and hartals were held. The last hartal was held on 15th November 1970. They came from Jaintia Hills, stopped at Laitkor, marched in procession from Laitkor to Iewrynghep Square. Bhoi, who came and joined those from Shillong, to march to Iewrynghep, those who came from the west, waited at the IGP and joined the procession. 30,000 people and during the rally, the slogan was “We want Hill State, No Hill State, No Rest, We Oppose Congress”.
This is a good opportunity for the youth to learn what they are doing and to have such an opportunity to come and sell and showcase their various food products.
On the MDC elections and the HSPDPRegarding the upcoming MDC elections, Bah Bindo said that the party as agreed in the last MLA elections, will cooperate in this MDC election as well but will remain in the HSPDP. in some places friendly competition.
The merchants who crossed the road because they sold in the square.
Many villages in the War area have been forced to live in darkness due to the loss of electricity.
There are seven candidates for the election including Samlin Malngiang of the NPP, Synshar Lyngdoh of the UDP, S Osborne Kharjana of the Congress, Sandondor Ryntathiang of the HSPDP and Stodingstar Thabah. Only the people of Sohiong constituency will know and understand whom to support in this election especially after seeing and hearing the campaign and meeting of the candidates. .
When I understood, I felt that these programs were not appropriate to commemorate this great Syiem of the Hima Nongkhlaw and when I heard, I felt that on that day, it should have been the dorbar bah of the Hima Nongkhlaw. Hima and the subject to be discussed should be the power of Tirot Singh to fight against the enemies and then his disciples, who were many, who should have sought more information perhaps like Monbhut, U Lorshon Jarain, Phan Nonglait and others.
He said the government has taken this decision after being satisfied with the services of the company to operate helicopters from Shillong to Guwahati and Tura to serve the passengers.
“I doubt that Ranikor, Chokpot and Sohiong have not been named in the Budget Speech but they have done their job, but we who have been named have not done anything yet. too.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 30: A riot has broken out at Iew Shallang, this morning, at about 5 pm.
It is better to think about it as the saying goes “LEAVE THE SMALL SKAIN, RETURN THE UT”.
Sadhu urged all political parties to urge their supporters not to disrupt the meetings of other parties.
The Congress has two candidates who have raised money online and one of them is Nana Patole, who is fighting against Nitin Gadkari, who is contesting from Nagpur and has raised Rs 81,7
You are going to Kur Khymdeit.
As a result, many children drop out of school and grow up without education, knowledge and literacy.
However, they say that he has godly parents who know how to teach his children not to walk in the wrong path and maybe when he wants to get a bike but with knowledge and he obeyed his parents' commandments.
This is not politics.
U Bah Dkhar appealed to all the people of the constituency to work together with love and compassion without discrimination whether they are poor, rich or poor.
“The BJP has no place for Dr Mukul Sangma and only after he loses the upcoming elections, he can join the BJP,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest recalled the hard work of the teachers not only in providing education but also in teaching the students. they as their own children.
This is a bill which will no longer consider Khasi women and their children if they marry foreigners.
On the other hand, the union said that the Assam government authorities on 28.12.2022 have visited the land under the jurisdiction of Lapangap village to set up a BOP. Rupsing Teron (MLA) 20th No Baithalango LAC, Rina Terangpi (Executive Member) I/C ICDS Library Social Welfare of Karbi Anglong District Council Diphu together with several Assam policemen.
“However, we don't know where people know, visitors flock to our house from Khasi, Dkhar, Mizo,” she said. paint the sohsaw.
Those who burned it were Shahjahan Ali and Jamal Ali.
The new office bearers of the Union of Village Authorities include Hambertus Nongtdu as President, Marius Siangshai as Vice President, Jespar Bareh as General Secretary, Deolangki Dkhar as Assistant General Secretary and Shillong Dkhar as Treasurer.
In this match, Kong Wanda fought against Aibok in the open weight category and defeated her in the final and won a cash prize of 10,000 tyngka.
Khliehriat Police have taken the vehicle from Assam Police and brought it to Khliehriat, while the driver of the vehicle, Bren Dkhar, has not been found yet.
Earlier we had to carry poor women, sick women and other problems, but now vehicles have reached the front door and this road will be necessary now to improve income,” said Bah. Sanbor.
Demthring SC beat Chutwakhu SC 2-0 in the first half. Richard Suting scored the first goal for Demthring SC in the 23rd minute. Spain in the 83rd minute.
It is a very strong market where Khasi and Dkhar are mixed.
The first President of the Seng was Rg S. Budom and Rg Krowell Nongsteng was the first Secretary.
The police officer (Islam) was suspended.
In the Folk Song Group, Sohkha Government Higher Secondary School came second, Jowai Public School came second and Jowai RMSA Secondary School came third.
Four persons died on the spot while four residents were seriously injured and taken to hospital.
Mawkyrwat, July 24: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, C.Kharkongngor, IAS in her speech as the chief guest at the celebration of the Day Against Drug Abuse and Trafficking “The spread of drug abuse is one of the causes of instability and the spread of crime around the world”.
Shillong, July 21: More than 200 Daju in Iewduh, yesterday, had to stay without earning a shipiah, due to the arrest by the Mylliem Hima for not wearing the Daju uniform. the kingdom has prepared them.
Madan Lal, AAP MLA from Kasturba Nagar, made the allegation during the dorbar, saying that all these people forced Kejriwal to step down after his arrest. chair.
At the HLC, the Congress MLAs, who are government ministers, participated in the decision and at that time they did not suggest to introduce the Meghalaya Regulation and Verification of Tenants Bill They support the ILP and suddenly after the election they withdraw their decision, this shows that they are not determined about this invasion of the authorities.
The colors of the fruit, and even the shape of the tree, only help to make the seed fertile, and able to produce children tomorrow.
The government has planned to build 259 shops in the new market.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 6: The independent candidate from Rambrai, Bah Francis Pondit Sangma, on Tuesday said that almost all the supporters of the Garo people want him to win the election. he will give a better service for them.
One unexploded bomb was found near Ramchandra Temple and was defused by a bomb disposal team.
Therefore, we request that at the second or third meeting, the top leaders should be present together in the discussion where we will discuss any issues and take steps to move forward with any results through communication.
The remaining body of Beena Sunar was taken to Civil Hospital Nongpoh for post mortem.
Those who, as someone said, 'the children have been burned and eaten' and also the 'ksan rympei rem dorbar'
According to the Minister of Food and Civil Supplies, Clement R Marak, the NFSA will benefit 21, 49,095 residents of the state.
The ADMs included DM Wahllang, DP Kharsati and SC Laloo, EACs V Hynniewta and HML Kynta, NIC District Information Officer Ida Rymbai, e-District Manager P Mawlong. Village Level Entrepreneurs of the District and Block Level, School Students, Teachers and District Leaders attended the meeting.
At the same time, the MDC of Mynsngat Khanduli Constituency strongly condemned the inspection by the people of Karbi Anglong and the MLA of Karbi Anglong on the site for the BOP which is the site of Lapangap Village in the West. Jaintia Hills District.
The new construction at Thakurbari has been funded by the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund (CMSDF).
He said that if the residents continue to protest against the shop, it would be better for them to go to the law enforcement authorities, so that the law enforcement authorities can take the necessary action.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Tynsong said; “Once again, I would like to assure you that the State Government and the Central Government stand firm on the grounds that they have the desire to continue the talks with the HNLC.” “We are still waiting for information from the HNLC. HNLC as the top leaders have not yet been able to attend the meeting, we have sent them (members of the HNLC) with our request that if they are ready to inform us because of the the state and central governments are waiting for the next discussion," he said.
These incidents are dangerous and we have to be vigilant and we have a good responsibility to elect people and parties so that these incidents do not affect us as the State and the country as a whole.
Because just like when we plant Phan, it is Phan, not Shriew, the whole world accepts this most wise creation of God. Yes, the Constitution of India protects the Sixth Schedule, it cannot be said, but it does not guarantee the Jait. Mothers, women, because all over India they use Jait Kpa, we should not misunderstand this.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The clash in Smit, Bah Lambor Malngiang and Martin Danggo, have arrived at 11.30 pm.
It is learned that the house was also completely destroyed.
The houses need not be fenced, the doors built, or the locks locked.
Pran Jala said that the incident in Ri-Bhoi District was a violent incident and it was not caused by anyone but it was a sign of destruction. of this family because there is a root cause for which they are now they don't know anything.
Democracy dies in darkness and suki2 you don't have any more freedom of speech and expression.
During the inspection, it was found that these foreigners did not have proper documents especially work permit, police verification and others.
It is therefore, necessary to debate the bill and send any comments to the federal government before it becomes law.
They urged MePDCL and especially the state government to take action on these issues which they went to discuss before the CEO. Khonglah said that he will try to take action and inform the authorities regarding the electricity problem faced by the residents of the area.
“Sit down like you're still a little child,” said Santa with a smile.
The program was held at the Chapel of JRTC in Mawklot and was conducted by Rev Dr BS Sohkhlet, Vice Principal of the College.
After arriving at the AG, the people broke the police line to stand closer to the Governor's gate and here, a meeting was held with the leaders of the political parties in the CoMSO. Jaintia Hills, Garo Hills, Ri-Bhoi District and West Khasi Hills have strongly condemned the Governor for delaying the signing of the MRSSA Ordinance. Narendra Modi, Defense Minister Amit Shah, who passed the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) which allows non-Muslim refugees from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan to enter India before November 31, , to become a citizen of India.
Let us look at the war in Myanmar and Manipur as clear witnesses of what will happen if foreigners invade and this CAA will become our biggest enemy.
With a victory in the second round, Barcelona have qualified for the Champions League semi-finals.
Adiam U Bthuh, District Secretary, said that the purpose of the Pre-Testing Camp is to enable the children to improve their knowledge from the preparation of Log-Books. ' in an attractive manner and Practicals which have to be presented before Examiners or experts.
The increase in drug users in the state especially among the youth is due to the lack of knowledge among parents about the condition of their children and this has affected many families. Prostitution is due to poverty which has led many young women to become involved in prostitution.
According to Washington, the purpose of this ritual is to thank the goddess Tyllu before the beginning of farming, planting and burying so that the children of the village will receive blessings. to bless and to prosper in the fields, in the fields, in the fields, in the fields, in the fields.
Jowai: The West Jaintia Hills District Executive Force (WJHDEF) through the Traffic Branch today sent a letter of Syntiew Kulab to those who violate the rules of driving as it is not the day of Valentine's Day.
He said the case against him has no basis or proof, and that it is a matter of despicable political vendetta.
These changes should make us aware and not just smile when we see these changes of the times in which the 'jonglang' has been destroyed by only a few people.
Yes, in this election for the Legislative Assembly, the paradoh parasnam candidates will receive their share according to the allocation.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, on Tuesday informed the public that on the polling day tomorrow, no one will be allowed to walk or protest near the polling station while the votes are being counted. also the results.
The Karbi Students' Association (KSA) has expressed its concern over the acceptance and surrender of Himanta Biswa Sarma and Conrad Sangma for the border settlement between Assam and Meghalaya.
However, if we look at the current situation, we as the citizens of the state are in a time of despair and distrust of the poor working methods of this government: all the works have become more bad and i have no hope if we turn in all directions.
“Please look after the people and don't want the fire to burn, in three days you have to return to your father, Bah KP Pangniang,” he said.
Out of the 29 constituencies in JHADC, the NPP won 12 and the UDP
Shillong, July 16: The North Eastern Council, Shillong will hold a one-day meeting on the 19th of this month at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
Members of the Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF), Shillong, on Tuesday said that some groups have expressed their hatred against the minorities in the area by destroying schools run by Christian groups. provide education to the youth in society and in the country.
The Government through the Urban Development Department should work closely with the Dorbar Shnongs to import this machine from South Korea because if the work succeeds as expected it will also benefit the villages. They are filled with confusion and wonder until when and how the garbage from the houses of the people will be cleaned.
These are the leaders of the crown.
Becky, who used to train the dogs, said that because she didn't have time to train the dogs, some of them took up to a year and when she finished training them, she shot them. and thus, she had to raise and live with them in her house.
Ko Bah Shullai, if you want the Khasi country to build a name and remember you in the future, please come and listen to our demand and follow the example of Maieid Hopingstone Lyngdong.
Preparations were underway to hold a service in Ahmedabad, but the VHP leaders blocked the meeting on the grounds that they wanted to convert people.
The union urges the public and students who have other places to stay if they have the opportunity not to be afraid to stay in their places so that there will be no incident in the community.
The FKJGP East Jaintia Hills has sent a letter through the DC to the Chief Minister and said that the construction of the road will endanger the small community and will be overwhelmed if there are no strict laws.
On the occasion, Conrad Sangma inspected the two projects in the presence of Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Kong RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi. heal with others.
The Minister said that these four departments have given detailed explanations on one issue, and that is to improve the working methods of the PWD department, which was in relation to the construction of new roads or the repair or improvement of old roads.
However, let us preserve our own customs and traditions which our ancestors have established and preserved in us. Let us remember that in the future we will make mistakes.
The order, issued on the 30th, also informed that Justice Swatan Kumar will be the presiding officer of the case and former Chief Secretary Ranjan Chatterjee will be the presiding officer of the case. be a member of the second committee.
According to the new Office Memerandum issued on 14th July 2023, the implementation of the Roster System will continue from the beginning of the Reservation Policy in
The second thing that made history in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today, was the translation into English not only in writing, but also in speech, in which while the Governor was speaking in Hindi, the members of the The meeting was heard on their earphones in English translated from the Control Room.
The school principals have been directed to provide all the necessary equipment in the classrooms including benches, chairs, computer systems, CCTV, drinking water, ROs, fire extinguishers and others. four requirements.
The 22-year-old silver medalist from Sargar in Sangli district of Maharashtra, who won the silver medal in the 248kg category, was beaten by Mohamad Aniq of Malaysia, who won the silver medal in the 248kg category. weight of 249.
Praise the Lord.
What do you mean by burning the fruit of the day (pep bah)?9
Furthermore, after the police and Magistrates had agreed with the KSU leaders, only six of them were allowed to meet with the Deputy Commissioner, Bah T. Lyngwa to discuss the issue. this is the work.
“Among these two soaps, the white lifebuoy soap is in higher demand compared to the other,” said the soap dealer.
He said that those who apply for the RTI scheme to the journalists are not doing it of their own free will, but there are those who give money because when asked by the journalists they don't know how to answer.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Sengkmie together with its Circles and Units, wishes a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to all the people of our State. .
Furthermore, the meeting decided to convene the election of office bearers on the 19th of this month at Hynniawmer.
Mondal said that besides the implementation of the solar power project, the Government is currently developing a solution to generate electricity from waste.
If they don't have these two, it depends on the discussion between them at the meeting under the auspices of the MDA. .
Speaking on behalf of the UDP party, u Bah Kyrmen Shylla said that the party should protect the state, protect the authorities, preserve the customs and traditions, preserve the language, because we have but this one country shall not be left alone.
When asked how he feels that the same issue that they have taken to the CEM is the same issue that former MLA Bindo M Lanong and his team have taken to the CEM. Former KHADC Chairman Adelbert Nongrum, Pa'iem Laborious said that Bindo speaks only in words and not in writing, but they take it with them in writing.
The Inter School Athletic Meet-2022 started today, 11th, will continue tomorrow, 12th and end on the 13th at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Every state and country has its own heroes, intellectuals, patriots and political parties.
Chairman of the PAC, Paul Lyngdoh, said that the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District has paid the land fee to people who are not the rightful owners of the land but who have claimed to be the owners of the land. which was taken to improve the airport at Umroi.
If we do not, we cannot force them to come to the house of the Lord.
The incident occurred when a children's cricket ball fell into the house of a Punjabi named Kuldeep Singh, who works as a guard at the government office.
The meeting was held at the office of the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) in Jowai. The meeting was held at the office of the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) in Jowai. Dance.
Conrad was speaking at election campaign rallies across the constituencies including Songsak to seek support for the NPP candidates Nihim D Shira, Rakesh A Sangma and Rakkam A Sangma. Party Leader Thomas A Sangma and others.
“Now that I have taken over the department, I will work hard to achieve these two issues for the journalists in the state,” she added.
I see that instead of bringing that development to the people, they develop their own country first.
Regarding Ampareen's remarks on Mawlai, the KSU reminded her that she has just received her doctorate from a school in Mawlai, and the khiew jyntah at her house. The spirit was filled with the kid who was brought to Mawlai.
However, the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has already made it clear that those who try to harass others in the name of cows should be punished severely under the law and the state governments should take action against them. "This is it," Kohli said.
The cause of the incident is still unknown and police are conducting investigation.
Shillong: The Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Timothy D Shira today announced that the election for the Lamphang of the Legislative Assembly will be held on the 13th of November.
Shillong: The independent candidate from Mawlai, Bah Teibor Pathaw, on Tuesday said that although he was defeated in the last elections, he hopes that this time the people of Mawlai will give him their full confidence.
Her mother was also pleased because she trusted the reason given by her daughter.
Shillong: The Kur Lawriniang on Tuesday paid tribute to Samla Kevinstrong Lawriniang at his residence in Pyndengumiong at 2 pm.
This scheme has been implemented after Mylliem MLA Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh in collaboration with the village authorities and the people of Mylliem area have sought ways in the past years.
“This plan of the government to relocate the PWD North Jowai Division has no basis and is only the force of the government and those in power in the government.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: Dr APJ Abdul Kalam Center for Policy Research and Analysis of IIM Shillong, with the support of the North Eastern Council, has organized a two-day seminar on 'Developing a Framework for Seamless Tourist Movements to North' Eastern States of India', on the 9th and 10th of this month.
Is the marriage between a woman and a man Shikur's father not shitrai? If you are a brother on the father's side, my husband's son is a shi jait and my father is still alive or not.
On the other hand, he promised in front of these Sengbhalang that he will close down and will not allow them to set up shops in Shahlang, said a statement from Wanteibok Lyngdoh.
Riki Mukhim, said that after the border students did not receive the scholarship on time, he appealed for RTI from the office of the Joint Director, Higher Technical Education, Shillong on 26th March
Shillong, Lber 12 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today met with the Secretary to the President of India, Jagdeep Dhankar in Shillong. Delhi doesn't greet you.
The scheme is targeted to be completed by the end of
There has been a restriction on public transport vehicles, in which they are allowed to carry only half of the passengers they usually carry.
The Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya from 193rd Battalion on November 12, after receiving a tip, conducted a search operation and searched a vehicle from Dulainala in the border areas of East Khasi Hills. Hills.
LP School, Dawki on the 12th of this month and the MLA of the area, Stephanson Mukhim was the chief guest while GPde, SDSEO of Amlarem was the symbud chief guest.
This colorful dress was specially made by the children of Niamtre Ïawmusiang, Jowai which brought all the products to Aitnar which is a sacred place to end the Behdeiñkhlam festival.
Harnamooid threw the boom from the right side of the road, The second time he went to Langdoh's house again.
Every day Bruton walked nine miles from home.
After this, the Congress party suspended Pynshngaiñ and five MDCs resigned from the party including Victor Rani MDC Jirang, u Arbinus Lyngdoh MDC from Umroi, Banteidor MDC from Mawkynrew, Antonio War MDC from Laitumkhrah and Hadrian Lyngdoh MDC from Mawkyrwat.
Speaking at the meeting, u Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh said, “If you think, coal is only 45 years old, but when you think of tourism, while the world is still alive, it is still alive. , people also get food, give me power, if I get power, within five years I expect that this area will be like Sohra, earlier I said that if Bah Kyrmen can not Speaking on the bypass roads, the candidate wants to build the bypass road from He said that this is the National Highway Bypass and another road has to be built from Lumshyrmit to Tangnub, Umshong and Rymbai to Kairang. “God has given me the ability and I have set a goal to accomplish this within five years and if I don't accomplish it I will stand up again to There is a golden opportunity, there is a lot of wealth in this area, but we need to work hard, in these three villages, in ïongkaluh, in Kairang, Rymbai and other villages will be visited by foreigners, wealthy foreigners who will come to stay in various guest houses. He urged that the children should be educated so that they will have the knowledge to manage the country. He urged the people to support him in this election so that he can do the jobs that need to be seen. to increase the growth and income generation in the region.
When asked how he would decide if he was offered the post of President, Hek said, “We are all Karyakartas and we all work together for the party and we will continue to work together”.
The KSU has alleged that the forest guard without the knowledge of the village leaders of Khajura village has gone to the kwai farm and jynrat to cut down the kwai trees which are still sprouting and said that he was sent by the authorities. However, when the KSU Barak Valley investigated, it found that he had done this because he wanted to own the land in the village.
“The roster system is in line with the implementation of the current Reservation Policy.
They also arrested the suspect who was trying to flee the scene when the police arrived and found him with blood stained on his clothes. his.
Shillong: The Budget Session of the State has started today and will continue till the 25th of this month.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Nongrum said that the Robert Hospital still needs a lot of assistance in many areas, so that the people can get adequate treatment in all areas. that kind of suffering.
On the other hand, the Assam and Meghalaya governments have not been able to verify through documents or documents to verify the occupation of these lands and after mutual agreements, the land between them has been reduced. There are 12 sectors in the country, which were approved by the Government of Meghalaya in
On the complaint of Rajesh Sharma, police have arrested Binison Shangdiar (18), Nangiaimankhraw Nongsteng (21) and Kitboklang Mawlong (23).
She said that we now need more patients in the health services not only in the hospitals but also in the community.
As part of the celebration of the International Day of Democracy, the MPHRC demands that the State Government should recognize the Public Assemblies as groups that can to work with the Government through the voice of the people in order to bring about peaceful governance.
Meanwhile, no one was seriously injured or injured in the incident.
On the other hand, the ATSUM leaders said that the Meitei community has no right to be included in the ST list of the state.
Jesus also said through the Samaritan woman that the time would come when you would not worship God in that temple.
The book, entitled “Philosophy and Essence of Khasi Religion”, was written by J Kerrsing Tariang, one of the leaders of the Seng Khasi.
The Act of 1867 was inherited from the British rulers which aimed to completely control the media and the printers and publishers of newspapers and books where fines were heavy and la There are also sections which provide for imprisonment for violation of this Act.
According to the new amendment, wine stores should be located within 500 meters of the National Highway or state highways.
“We are trying to talk about the laws that the state government can implement, because they say that the ILP needs to be brought to the House of Parliament,” said Sadon Blah. civil society and the government.
Shillong, Jymmang 06 : The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma today slammed the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) for claiming that the FOCUS and FOCUS+ schemes are government schemes. Middle.
These newly renamed areas are Harisabha Road Laban to Bhaskar Choudhury Road, Jackson Trace Bridge Road to Ajajhur Bridge Road, Brojen Mawlong Road, Sacred Heart School Road to Dong Pdeng Road, PL Nongpiur ( Bah Bing ) Road.
He said that the union would like to thank the Superintendent of Police of Ri Bhoi District, the officers and all the policemen who have taken part in the fight against drugs. work together for the eradication of drugs and other illegal beverages which destroy the society.
Regarding the change in Meghalaya, Fernandez S Dkhar admitted that as of now, only the TMC will bring about change in the state. Even though they are ethnic parties, they are part of the present MDA government which has not done anything for the people of the state in the last five years.
Many of us say that we are Christians, we are in our churches, but when we pray we don't get an answer.
To achieve this goal, Rashtriya Poshan Maah will be celebrated in collaboration with all stakeholders from 1st to 30th November.
Steps will be taken to promote special tourism expos which showcase the beauty of local handicrafts and local artisans.
In a meeting with the army chiefs and troops at Lumdung in East Kameng district recently, the Governor said that there should be a cooperation, relationship and cooperation between the army. and the state police as well as the relevant authorities in the state.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills, Shillong, today announced that the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills, has suspended the public meeting. they are not tomorrow.
These documents belong to Bah Damonmitre Diengdoh.
The Minister said this while speaking at the Silver Jubilee Celebration of Mawsynram Border Area College at Mawsynram, East Khasi Hills.
He said that the meeting will discuss many issues on how to shape and transform the North East.
As soon as he saw the blood that came out of Calvary, he fled alive and well, because the power in the blood to forgive all sins.
Now is the time for each of us not to waste our precious life, but to turn and surrender to Jesus Christ who is our refuge.
At that time, the farmers came out, shot and beat him, tore off his clothes and he escaped, through the timely arrival of the police, who dragged him away. , from the scene of the incident.
The soils in War and Bhoi are mostly soiled.
Women’s Doubles: Ashwini Bhat/Shikha Gautham, Tanisha Crasto/Ashwini Ponnappa, Radhika Sharma/Tanvi SharmaMixed Doubles: Rohan Kapoor/Sikki Reddy, Sai Pratheek/Tanisha Crasto, Hariharan/Varshini, Hemagendra Babu/Kanika Kanwal.
The BJP wants to bring all Indians together on the same level without discrimination.
The Dkhars gave money to the Lyngngam and took the Agor to Arabia to sell at a reasonable price.
On the same day, the Chief Minister also launched the Meghalaya Mobile Portable AI Based X-Ray Diagnostic System.
(This is God's blessing) When Isaac was old, God put Abraham to a very difficult test, but Abraham obeyed God.
Matthew 2:3.
The KSU has once again sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District to remind him that the government should take action to re-implement the filling station in Umiam. The union has met with Raja Brahma ADC of Ri-Bhoi District after the DC was not present on that day.
At the same time, the party through this statement warns against all those who steal the Khasi race and take advantage of the rights of the Khasi race.
Bollywood actor Kader Khan has died in Canada after a long illness in the country.
The demand for the IOA has been expressed not only by the HNLC but also by many other groups such as the Federation of Khasi State (FKS), HyTO, Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF). , SOMALA, has also released a manifesto of the RPA for the MP-2004 election.
The meeting started at 11:00 am and the welcome speech was delivered by the President of the Seiñraij Pasyih, Phaimi Kyndait.
Jowai, Jymmang 31: Several elders from East Jaintia Hills District have continued their public awareness campaign on the Reservation Policy in the rural areas. and support for the review of the RP, was held at Cheruphi Market of East Jaintia Hills.
The union has been doing this on the grounds that foreigners without proper documents are not allowed to work in the areas within its area.
The CM's statement came after UDP legislator from Mowkaiaw Nujorki Sungoh requested the government to consider the need to abolish personal interviews to ensure transparency. in recruitment.
According to the son of Kong Tilian, Banshimbor Lyngkhoi, on the evening of 28th November 2023 at about 4:30 pm, the BSF troops seized about 45 grams of sugar. 96,750 worth of sugar was allegedly smuggled to Bangladesh.
Furthermore, according to preliminary investigations, Ali along with his men used to appear at the DTO to get vehicle number plates for vehicles that were stolen, unpaid taxes or suspected of being fraudulently auctioned as new vehicles.
Khliehriat, March 13: People passing through the National Highway at Umkiang-Sonapyrdi, East Jaintia Hills District have once again faced difficulties in traveling due to landslides and rockfalls. They came down and covered the road with jyrsieh which flowed widely on the road until the vehicles could not pass and this caused a heavy traffic jam in the area at Sonapyrdi.
Our nation has seen a lot and is eagerly waiting for leaders who can walk together to achieve their vision.
Arkini said that doctors from Umsning, who have examined these cows, have confirmed that there is no more disease.
Until now, this remote area, which includes Diengsyiang and other areas, has been owned by the Iawren and Iawlar clans who descended from these brothers.
" (special provisions in relation to the States.
The incident is that at first Xiaoyu had a strong love and affection for her boyfriend, but she wanted her boyfriend to talk to her and to talk to her. with it, it was too much.
On the other hand, the DC informed the woman that the reason for the lack of staff in these two blocks is due to the lack of staff. the two blocks will be fully operational soon.
Speaking at a meeting held at Wahiajer in Nartiang Constituency and in Jowai on 8th June, he called on the party leaders and workers to work hard to ensure that Ampareen will win from Shillong Constituency in these two elections. Two meetings were attended by Sutnga MLA, Santa Mary Shylla, Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, JHADC CEM Thombor Shiwat, State Working President Hamletson Dohling and others.
The statement said that the reason for the closure of the Sub Center is due to the forced dismissal of a young man who is also the owner of the land. who worked at the Sub Center as a chokidar in place of his deceased son.
“This doctor was arrested yesterday and is under police investigation,” said the SP. This is what you have done.
At the same time, the Sordar requested the law enforcement authorities and the government authorities in charge of the welfare of animals and fish to conduct an inspection and punish those involved. to fight against the wicked according to the law.
MPSC Meghalaya invites online application from genuine citizens of India for the following teaching jobs in various Govt College in Meghalaya.
“I urge the market dwellers to cooperate with the Market Committee to maintain the cleanliness of the market to attract the market visitors,” he said. has brought this market for the benefit of the farmers of the area.
He congratulated the Union Minister in charge of DoNER, the Governors and Chief Ministers of all the States in the North East and also the residents of the region who took part in this event. show.
The four persons charged include Bobby Marwein, Chairman and Commander-in-Chief of the HNLC, Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary and Publicity Secretary of the HNLC and others. tip, like you @ Wanbor Khardesaw @ Lung @ William.
Raphael Warjri also announced the establishment of the Barikor Prithpal Singh Sehdave Memorial Award in the name of Barikor Prithpal Singh Sehdave.
He said the state government has also provided a subsidy of up to 50% for the farming of pigs, goats and other livestock through financial support under the CM-Elevate programme.
Speaking on the issue of Them Ïew Mawlong, he said that the government wants to resolve the issue of Mawlong Market. who live in the area.
According to the information of the union, the generation of electricity from the Kynshi Hydel Power Project will be up to 450 megawatts,” said the petition.
“The Chief Minister of Manipur should resign immediately.
The case was filed against the Political Agent, Colonel FG Lister, who is also the son-in-law of Harry Inglis.
Furthermore, the KSU East Jaintia Hills District has extended its condolences to the family of the victim.
Shillong, November 11: The People's Candidate Forum (PCF) has announced that it will hold its public meeting on the 23rd of this month at the Community Hall, Mawpat Pyllun, Shillong from 11 am.
Shillong Lajong Football Club will start their Second Division I-League campaign on 4th June against East Bengal Reserve Team in Kolkata.
Under the Chief Minister's Relief Fund, T.7.4 crore has been allocated for the purchase of Ambulances, Bio Medical Waste Plants and Maintenance of Community Quarantine Centres.
Replying to a question on the decision of MR to take over as the National President of the NPP, Conrad K Sangma said that two National Secretaries of the NPP will soon visit Manipur to discuss the issue.
This has affected the youth of the people of Hynniewtrep.
The Founder died suddenly on Tuesday at CMC Vellore after suffering from a serious illness.
“Anyone who has experienced any problems in the implementation of the Roster System should lodge a complaint with the GRO so that they can look into and resolve such issues within two months. the date of receipt of the complaint".
I would like to ask you to explain what it means – Ex.Rev.Because many people have asked me but I cannot explain.
He did not leave the house and this can be confirmed by everyone including our neighbours.
Shillong, Nailar 3: The FKJGP under the leadership of Bah Marbud Dkhar, Chief Organizer and members of the FKJGP, has met with the officials of the DHS including the Directors (MI). Dr. Budnah and Dr. War to demand the immediate suspension of Meghna Das, a resident of New Delhi, who has received a state government allocation to study MBBS, BDS. 2017-2018.
The union has decided to hold a strike on the 27th on the flag day, on the 29th on the strike day, on the 3rd on the day of holiday, on the 4th on the Dharma day in Nongpoh and on the 5th. Rally in Shillong.
The United States is investigating the incident after China sent its best doctors to the country to investigate and treat the leader. of North Korea.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The 65th Plenary Meeting of the North Eastern Council (NEC) started today in Shillong with the participation of all the Chief Ministers, Governors of the States. East.
Logging for the transportation of timber, burning of rnga and mining (which the government claims are development activities), is the main reason why Meghalaya has lost its up to 112 sq.km of forest area.
As they enjoy the music, the singing and the dancing.
Many passengers of the bus were injured especially the driver as the collision was on his side.
The HYC said that although it accepts the government's intention to resolve the border issue, it demands that the Meghalaya government should not make a mistake in the second round.
He is said to be undergoing quarantine at home.
There was talk that Conrad would contest the MLA election in Ampati, but he did not come out to contest against Mukul Sangma's son. candidate in Ampati.
However, at the same time, he said that while Jha is still able to protect himself, he has to find ways but when the ways are exhausted, he has to surrender to the law.
His son, MLA of 19th Shillong South, Bah Sanbor Shullai, said that he will meet the Speaker of the House, AT Mondal to discuss the issue. by presenting in the RTI the resigned person as its employee.
“Tharai, I'm not sure.
It cannot be said that the leaders were wise and intelligent but because of the joy of getting their own state, they forgot about the border.
This extension covers the fiscal years 2022-23 to 2024-2
Oh Too bad.
She strongly warned against such people who dare to insult Khasi girls and if found, she said that she would do her duty.
As the people we must not forget that the decision of a dynasty politic and some selfish people is not the decision of the people.
When we say “highly qualified” politicians, we don't mean those who are highly qualified, of course they have their own advantages when they are highly qualified, but the most important thing is the “ability to serve”. .
Inquiry by Rupang, through the Public Information Act, said that the amount allocated for these four projects is T.1606.52klur, while T. .776.47 crore, for civil works, land payment, land acquisition and supervision. loads etc).
As a sign of remembrance of the suffering of these nine children, the entire Kur on Tuesday 25th held a Dorbar Kur at Siejlieh.
JSU President J. Lalmuanzuala said that the students' union strongly opposes the proposal to appoint a non-Mizo to head the Higher and Technical Education Department. There have been protests against the selection of students to study abroad in various lines of study.
Mau: The protests against the Citizenship Amendment Act have spread to Uttar Pradesh and 15 vehicles have been seized this evening alone.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The National Spokesperson of the BJP, Sambit Patra on Tuesday said that the NPP, TMC and Congress also believe in the two naira and the family.
The LDA should not be set in the Pure Arts for those who have Arithmetic.
They also said that the gold was smuggled into Manipur from Myanmar through Moreh village, with the intention of being sold to other states of India.
Nongstoiñ: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District this morning at about 7:30 pm, has seized and seized an illegal coal truck (AS 01 EC 1541). They also planned to unload coal at the Shri Shikhambari Ferro Alloy Pvt Ltd at Riwiang.
Giving is the only way to identify.
He said the opening of this car manufacturing factory in this area will make it easier for those who own Tata cars and those who need to build cars as they don't have to go to Shillong.
Therefore, they cannot refuse to support the NPP, which has the largest number of MLAs to form the government.
The Power Finance Corporation (PFC) has approved the request of MeECL to pay the electricity bill to NEEPCO worth more than T.400 crore.
Rayonald Kharkamni, General Secretary of the UDP Ri Bhoi District, said that the UDP is confident that it will win all the three constituencies in Ri Bhoi District. The party has also decided to nominate candidates in all the constituencies in the district.
