When asked about the rain water harvesting project, the Minister said that the project is being carried out by other departments such as soil and water conservation. Private sector companies can also implement this project during the construction of their houses if they have the opportunity, as it will help to reduce the rainwater harvesting.
At present, as the situation is still tense to discuss the Village Administration Bill which aims to empower the Rangbah Shnongs and Village Authorities, they do not want to do this in a hurry but they want to think carefully.
It is worth mentioning that in the past few months, a group of robbers dressed in military uniforms and carrying wooden guns have robbed a house. Stone Crusher at Umduba, Killing and stole T.80,0
However, the United States and Israel opposed the UN call for an end to Israel's war.
The center is a joint venture between the Meghalaya Farmers Welfare Commission and IHM, Shillong.
Therefore, we will accept only the Prime Minister or the Ministers or the MLAs to come forward to support the MoU if any.
The villages and townships under the jurisdiction of the Shillong Municipal Board are working with the groups to provide information through mobile apps.
However, other reports said Sheikh Jassim's offer fell 6 billion pounds ($7.54 billion) short of the price put forward by the owners of the Glazer Family; however, other reports suggest that the current proposal could be worth as much as 5 billion pounds.
There was also a 1st Dr. Flinder Anderson Khonglam Penalty Goal Kick for the Rangbah Kur Men, a Tug of War for the Rangbah Kur Khonglam and a General Quiz for the Young Men.
Shillong, July 28: The residents of Umran Dairy Ri-Bhoi under the leadership of CSWO (I) today protested at the KHADC office in Shillong to demand that the Council should immediately suspend the dairy. Rohit Jain, owner of Umran Dairy, Ri-Bhoi, has been arrested.
“The House has agreed to set up a synroplang group in the presence of Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs, traders, the Syiem and Sengbhalang to find ways according to the law. for the purpose of expelling foreigners from this area," he added.
Scientists are now struggling to dig and destroy such structures, and are increasingly developing techniques to build stronger and more powerful structures.
Speaking to reporters, a longkmie said that when the Municipal employees come to check, they don't eat or drink their goods and don't return them. They don't eat the momo, and when they look at the sellers of cigarettes, they drink cigarettes.
Bah Lyngdoh said the dorbar is the right place to showcase the paid.
In the Open Men's Doubles, Rimilan Pssah and Mebanker Shullai won, in the Open Men's Single, Mebanker Shullai and Emilanadaka Chyrmang won in the Mixed Doubles.
He said that in these days when the income has decreased, the bill of the day is no longer there, the markets have been closed and the agriculture has improved. the government will imprison them.
From the many letters of her parents, Marilyn Lewis, who now lives in New Zealand, followed up by telling of their missionary experiences in 1933-39 in India.
There is also a rumor on social media that HANM has demanded the recognition of the Khasi language by demanding the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages. You have filed a complaint against him on social media.
Mawkyrwat, June 24: The District Magistrate of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat has issued a public notice on the occasion of the General Election to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly on the 27th June, that there will be no disruption in the pick-up and drop-off of Election Duty employees from 25th to 27th June, 2023 and that there will be a smooth movement of vehicles on Election Duty. Therefore, he has issued this order to ban heavy trucks from passing on the Ranikor to Maheshkola road from 25th June to 27th June,
Shillong: Umsning and Mawpat, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, who are welcoming the President of Bangladesh, during his visit to Shillong on Thursday: MIPR. Assam Rifles will play the 3rd Assam Rifles Invitational Football Cup.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Inspector General (IG) of BSF, Sudesh Kumar, on Tuesday said that the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) has terrible spies. Because every time they conducted a search operation, they received information before the police arrived at the scene.
Beijing and the Vatican have signed a two-year agreement to appoint bishops in China, which will expire next month. can be extended further.
If one woman has been able to tell 15 sisters, they will tell 20 others.
Hilar Warbah is a close friend of the incumbent MDC of Nongkrem, Bah HS Shylla and is also a strong supporter of Bah Shylla in the last mid-term MDC elections and also in the MLA elections. the god.
However, the MLA has remained silent and has not expressed his strong opposition, while Mairang has won because its MLA, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, has taken the lead in demanding Mairang District.
In his speech, MDC Rymbrai Jyrngam, Bah Bajop Pyngrope said that as human beings we need and need development projects and when development projects come, there is also damage to the environment.
He said that recently the government has increased the Chief Ministers Pension Scheme, the Unemployment Allowance and the government has also provided financial support for those who are special teachers.
Before the meeting, the Chief Guest led the laying of wreaths at the statue of Kiang Nangbah in the presence of leaders and members of various political parties.
Some of the initiatives are the Promotion and Incubation of Market -Driven Enterprises (PRIME), the Mission Mode Program under the Agri & Allied Sector, the Farmers Collectivization for Upscaling of Production and Marketing System (FOCUS) The Meghalaya Home Stay Scheme and the Prime Minister's Employment Generation Program (PMEGP) for the development of SHGs. Information Technology Park.
Through this survey, there are now 574 cases in the State.
“I have requested a report on the progress of the GSWSS Phase III scheme,” said Prof Laloo.
There are also 2 pharmacists in New Nongstoin, one of whom is a man who is also skilled in giving birth.
It cannot be said that if this industry can be really developed, it will be of great benefit to the state as the revenue collection will be in the billions and tens of crores per annum from this industry alone.
He said that according to this Work Order, the construction of the Community Hall in Jaïaw Lower Lansolane Block, the improvement and maintenance of the Community Hall of the Dorbar Shnong Mawkhar, the installation of CCTV cameras in the Upper Jail have been announced. Construction and maintenance of Jaïaw Community Hall, construction and maintenance of Short Round Road LP School in Forest Colony and one The meeting was held at JJM Nicholas Roy Model Trust in Lumdiengjri, Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 09 : All India Trinamool Congress Leader Dr Mukul Sangma at a public meeting held at Asanang, West Garo Hills. under the guidance of the state government.
Shillong: Sanmer FC on Saturday beat Lawmali FC 2-2 in the 3rd Division match at Polo Ground.
After the ceremony at Pung Aitnar, the Dat Lawakor was held in connection with the football match.
The sister of Sheba Mary Kharbani, Isidory Kharbani, resident of Mawlai Phudmuri, said that her sister left her house at 10 pm on the 4th of this month saying that she was going to work. as an office cleaner in Umsawli (New Shillong).
The issue of how low the deficiency is, researchers said, is important because taking blood pressure medicines can cause those side effects. or side effects of medication, which become more severe as more and more medications are taken.
The BJP spokesperson was strongly criticized yesterday for comparing a woman to a dog and not only that, but for forcibly claiming that he is a true Hindu.
Shillong: U MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie today clarified the reports that the Central Agricultural University in Kyrdemkulai, Meghalaya, has been destroyed.
Regarding this, the President, Kong Malviancy Shabong in a statement expressed her pride in the victory of Teimiki who is a member of the Executive of the union.
On Saturday, the Moorap Dorbar Shnong, the hometown of I Love You Talang, the Talang Kur and the JAC of Mynsngat-Khanduli Area came out to protest and condemn these four murderers. the knowledge of the souls of those who are selfish only to gain wealth every day.
On the other hand, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit said that the public meetings of 'Iada La Ka Ri' will resume after the Corona Virus has disappeared. They should not lose hope to demand from the Government of India the rights of the indigenous people.
Shillong: U SP Mahanta, one of the prominent lawyers, today filed a complaint in the Meghalaya High Court against the number of food shops in Iewduh, Motphran, Laitumkhrah. , Iewdak, Rynjah and Fire Brigade, where these foods and soybeans are also very dirty and dangerous to the health, because these foods are uncovered at all.
Of all the tits, the Shiitake tit in Japan is the most popular tit for East Asians and is also one of the tits eaten by Asians.
The Lama of the country should not have any signs on it.
The meeting was attended by Minister of Sports Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of PWD (Buildings), C.Ymbonm and Minister of Urban Affairs Hamletson Dohling. and members of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA).
Samlin said T.71 crore has been received for the year 2019-20 and the department will select the villages to implement the scheme.
“Sometimes the job seekers are not well prepared and don't even pass the written test.
Announcing this, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that Sweetymon Rynjah has been selected for the Tirot Sing Award for Arts and Literature. Clinson D Marak for the Kiang Nangbah Award for Sports.
Embhah Rymbai, President of Lamlynti Border Farm Society, delivered a welcome speech for the programme.
The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, has left to congratulate Conrad on the same day.
The UDP Youth Wing Mawthadraishan Circle urges all those who wish to participate in these games to inform the President or Secretary as soon as possible. The Wing will also honor the MLA of Mawthadraishan, the MLA of Mairang and the MDC of Mawthadraishan Constituency who have fought for the establishment of Eastern West Khasi Hills District which has brought great benefits to the people of these two constituencies. .
She said the office has no information and she has tried to get details from the office in Shillong and fellow officers from other districts but they too do not know anything.
In the case of the Indian Space and Research Organization (ISRO), the team has worked hard to meet this demand for space-related services and at the same time understood the need to look after research to come up with new technologies," he said.
NASA has not yet accepted the existence of these alien creatures, but believes that this is just a human imagination, in which the eyes can only see, from the imagination of man. the brain to things that are not true at all.
They received ST certificate in 2007. The HYC leaders today met with the Additional Deputy Commissioner (ADC) I Majaw, who is the head of the committee. HYC General Secretary Robertjune Kharjahrin said the DC's office is preparing to remove their names.
Six people were shot dead and two others were seriously injured.
Gambegre MDC Rakesh A Sangma and Deputy Commissioner Jagdish Chelani also attended the programme.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 13365 and the death toll has risen to 144, including one death in East Khasi Hills.
Not only that, but these militants also shot down helicopters patrolling in the Red Sea and it was because of their bravery that the US shot back and destroyed them. and killed all the soldiers who were in these three ships.
The story is as follows:-Lum Shyllong is 6445 feet above sea level.
A case has been registered against them at Mawlai Police Station under Sections 120(B), 121, 121(A), 34 IPC. Delhi Sikh Gurudwara Management Committee President Manjinder Singh Sirsa and HPC Secretary Gurjit Singh on Friday met the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik. , to submit a petition to convey to him their opposition to the state government's plan to evict the Harijans living in Them Iewmawlong.
The tourism sector in Meghalaya could reach T.12,000 crore by 2028 and the annual number of tourists has reached T.20 lakh. according to government officials.
The Supreme Court has rejected all the allegations of the JHADC against the Doloi of Jaintia Hills and so far, the Supreme Court has not issued any decision to acknowledge the allegations of the JHADC against the Doloi of Jaintia Hills. the head of the Jaintia Hills.
“When we look back at the year that the MDA government has completed two and a half years, we have already replaced two ministers, one from the NPP and one from the HSPDP. This has been the case since the formation of the MDA government”.
The Roundtable Dialogue will also be attended by the leaders of both countries, China and India as well as other special guests, youth selected to lead all the countries. two countries and others.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is also a political party to fight for “one religion, one culture and one language.
Electricity Minister Abu Taher Mondal on Tuesday informed about the problem of land acquisition for the implementation of Pumped Hydro Storage Projects (PHPs) in the state. land is a problem therefore, we will be contacting people and we will follow up on the issue and we will now turn our attention to the unoccupied areas.
However, he said that if the HPC demands heaven, it may be too much for us to give and “If they refuse, it means we will have to meet in court”.
The old ways, the old ways, the old ways of thinking, have failed to transform society.
“About 80 people attended the rally and expressed their support for the Trinamool Congress.
At the same time, their meeting held on 4th November, expressed their deep concern over the response of the Soil and Water Conservation Department of the State to the meeting to discuss the progress of the scheme. These days, even the chiefs of 45 villages have written daily.
Judging by the facts, it is not the Indian government that does not want the IOA but the MDA government led by the NPP including the UDP, PDF, HSPDP, KHNAM, NCP, BJP, IND, who rejected it because we remember that at the time when Dr M. Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA brought the motion on the IOA in the Assembly, the MDA rejected it.
Later, when I learned that there is a stone called “U Mawhati” (Moohati), near the village of Rongiangphong-Moolahin, a stone which they say, is in the shape of a Hati, I wanted to see it. gave him a Maw.
There should be a goal in the use of time.
This has prompted a family in the shop area of ​​Sohra and the owners of the Vintage Inn to put up a shakuriaw so that the needy can tied with the shikuriaw and the owners inside. household can hear.
The expenditure of the Ministry of Tourism on the construction of the footpath and the four parks has reached tens of lakhs,” he said.
The Voice of the People's Party (VPP) on the 12th of this month will submit a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and also to the Ministers of the MDA-2 Government.
On the 4th of this month, the Executive Committee met with him again and he promised to give the scheme on the 5th of this month.
Before handing over the items, one of the Sisters gave a blessing to the Seng as a whole to look after those who are suffering at this time.
The Deputy Commissioner said that so far, 26 people have been arrested for giving fake numbers or fake addresses and urged the people to refrain from doing so. , because it would endanger others.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs (SWS) East Jaintia Hills District has given two months to the government to repair the Sutnga Saipung road and NH-6 which have been badly damaged which has caused problems to the traffic.
Pangniang said that within this committee, the HSPDP and GHSMC will work together from now on to expedite this demand by working together and continue what the previous leaders have started.
The bareh kaia is a jait and niThe jait bareh kaia is a jait and no Long lives a woman and a man and if the father of both is the same jait but there is no relationship between them and no one else lives together. ki mothers of both arliangThe Khasi custom of counting the kinship is very strict and if a woman marries her husband's father she belongs to the same kur as her father. , ia Such people who are born like that, we count them as blood because they are brothers and sisters from the same clan of the father of her husband and her.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Lambor, who was with Danggo, said, “The stick from Motphran, you can't bomb people, hold your hand, come and bomb people here”.
The Bhagat movement increased when the RSS branch led by Khasi youth and elders appeared.
He said that the Meghalaya Games 2023 will be held in Tura this year with the participation of about 3000 athletes from all over the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The FKJGP will hold its 25th Anniversary Celebration on the 13th of this month at U Soso Tham Auditorium at 12 noon.
This family is a childless family after the death of their mother and they are looked after by their relatives.
The death toll has risen to 16, including two from Delhi, Himachal Pradesh and Punjab.
Prestone said the High Court's order not to set up boundary stones is very good, because perhaps Assam means to set up boundary stones without the rules agreed under the soskular.
These health messages are reviewed and perfected by medical professionals and you can find in terms of preventative measures against any accidents.
“Therefore, there is not a single newspaper owned by the people of Tripura,” the writer asked. The answer from the Pastor was “Yes”.
The country's athletics stars Sakshi Malik, Vinesh Phogat and Bajrang Punia along with hundreds of supporters arrived at Har ki Pauri to wash their medals in the Ganga despite security. police searched the area on Tuesday.
The Dolloi expressed their gratitude to the JHADC for its willingness to hold talks with the Dolloi and on this basis, so that the talks can go smoothly, they have decided to temporarily suspend the meeting. to their gates.
The incident occurred at 6 pm in Farah province and the dead included many women and children.
They come forward to vote, to ensure that the party they trust and give them hope will win.
Bahnah decided to change the day soon to go shopping with Riia.
The polling at these two polling stations under the 4-Mowkaïaw Constituency was under heavy surveillance by the State Police and the polling went smoothly without any violence or violence among the voters. vote.
On receiving the incident, the Nongpoh Traffic Branch rushed to the scene for investigation and took the injured to Bethany Outreach Hospital for treatment. A Yeti Airlines ATR 72 carrying 72 people, including five Indians, crashed in Pokhara at 11 am today. you step.
India will play Cambodia on the 8th, Afghanistan on the 11th and Hong Kong on the 14th in Kolkata.
She also advised the students of colleges especially women to refrain from jobs that could affect their studies. She urged especially the women to understand who the friend they are with is the one who wants to improve and become a disciple for the future. They are not good or he wants to destroy their future.
Hundreds of students of the college took part in the protest carrying placards demanding salary increase for morning shift teachers, the opening of the girls hostel. .
Weiñia is a valley where the river flows from above into the rymphum, while the Shadthum valley flows steadily through the crematoria and thlongmaw. and it is very terrible in the time of rain.
The Mothers Union demands that politicians, police, courts and leaders should apply the law properly and not allow these criminals to escape the judgment of the law.
Jesus has scored 95 goals in 236 appearances for Man City and has now signed a multi-year deal with Arsenal.
The reason for the march of the students of the college is because of the government's failure to respond to many of the demands of the students through the Sohra Government College Student Union.
They also cited the Uniform Civil Code which is one of the issues that the BJP wants to implement in the country with the aim of discriminating against the minorities. “Those who claim to serve the people have worked with the BJP party,” they said.
When we look back at the Hima Mylliem Act or the Hima Mylliem Act, it seems that the ruling party is stronger and when we look at the customs and traditions of the Hima Mylliem, it seems that the ruling party is stronger. The side of King Latho Manik Syiem was stronger.
He said that this was evident after the incident in Tura where a policeman caused trouble with a person until he was arrested but when he was tested at the hospital they said that he did not drink kyaid but used with other drugs.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) on Tuesday strongly condemned the attack and destruction of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) by its Working President Ronnie V Lyngdon. Catholic churches in Chattisgarh have been destroyed in the past few days.
We left no room for abuse.
Many Ministers know that Lamremsanga used to come to the Secretariat and used to go to the Prime Minister's house,” said Dr Mukul. task.
Miami needs to move from fourth to ninth to qualify for the playoffs.
Shillong, June 24: Immediately after the departure of BJP President Amit Shah from the state, the AICC General Secretary V. Narayana Samy and the Congress leader have arrived. He arrived in Shillong on the 23rd and will return on Friday morning, the 26th.
The containment area has been declared after one of the residents tested positive for COVID-1
There are 10,17,754 confirmed cases so far, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare said today.
At that time there was no grave among the Jews, and it became a place of terrible bones.
“In this regard, the Chairman of CDFI – Suhas Chakma said that the Chakma and Hajong people have been provided with accommodation by the Government of India at the North Eastern Frontier Agency (NEFA), and Since 1964, the Chakma and Hajong people born in NEFA/Arunachal Pradesh have been recognized as full citizens of India.
Besides, NEEPCO and OTPC have also been affected.
Therefore, it is necessary to cooperate, cooperate and work with the District Council authorities in making laws of the State.
Adding to the traffic jam in Upper Shillong, the Mawsynram MLA said that the tourists when they come from Guwahati are happy with the availability of the road but as soon as they reach Mawïong, they are satisfied with the traffic jam. car.
They admitted that Kong Toi has misused her office by participating in the NPP rally and said that Kong Toi should be removed from the office and removed from her position. candidate of Mr. Wailadmiki Shylla.
On the statement of Bah Barkos Warjri, that people should not cooperate with the curfew of the HNLC, the HNLC clarified that the curfew has nothing to do with Barkos, because he bam with your salary government.
The Dorbar Shnong has warned that during the curfew hours as well as the curfew called by the Prime Minister, the Dorbar Shnong has ordered all the residents to stay at home and avoid fighting in the area. people to break the chain of COVID-1
Up to 16 poor households from Nongmensong, Pynthor and Laitumkhrah should be accommodated from one house completed.
Lot remembered his daughters-in-law and went out to call them.
And if government purchases decline, it can no longer support the PDS scheme on which the country's 900 million citizens rely.
The CEM of KHADC has gained friends in his protest against the Prime Minister and said that the dorbar will be held on the issue of law. The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, has decided to appoint the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. .
This database is the most comprehensive database in Meghalaya.
Chairman of the party CEC Madhusudan Mistry said, “I announce the name of Mallikarjun Kharge. , as an elected leader of the Indian National Congress.
The number of polling stations in the upcoming elections is 3482, which is slightly higher than in 2018 when there were only 3083 polling stations.
Not only that, he said, the contest in Assam will be between the Congress and the BJP at this time.
Up to 41 people from Shillong, attended the wedding ceremony held at Greenwood Resort in Guwahati on 27th July 2020 and out of these 41, There are 2 cases of Covid-19, while 39 cases are negative; However, these 39 people will have to undergo another RT-PCR test after a few days to confirm that they have not been infected with Covid-1
During the meeting, it was discussed to help the people, who are in great difficulty these days, due to the outbreak of corona, to provide the right information to the people, on the the risk of this disease and others.
These two transformers have been left without any protection and have neglected the safety of the residents and especially the children, said WRD Siangshai president JSM Eastern Region.
Those who attended the program included Assistant Waheh Shnong of Lumshnong, Bah Embhahlang Lamare, Local Director of Star Cement, Bah Emlangki Lamare, Member of the Lumshnong Dor Bar, Bah Korma Mukhim. , Bah Grimland Dkhar and others.
The meeting was conducted by KCYS President Bah Powel Sohkhlet.
There are two Top Ums, one belonging to the PHE and the other to the Municipal.
“I thought there was only one Hitler but as it is now there are two! Ah! God help India,” said Singh.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District today ordered the closure of houses on RP Chest Hospital Road, opposite the crematorium at Mawbah Barapathar and the border areas. Ravi Marbaniang's house to the east, Aparna Sharma's house to the east, Arati Bhavan's house to the west and TB Hospital road to the west.
This evil spirit often frightens the minds of man even to the point of doing what is wrong, even to the point of doing against the will of God.
India played well from the start and scored the first goal in the fourth minute through Anushka Kumari from a ball passed by Bonifilia.
The players of Team D who scored the most goals were: – Luckystar Diengdoh 2 goals.
I think all these things will end after we get a new government in 2023.
The village authorities and police are conducting investigation to find Bren Dkhar and the vehicle.
Jawaharlal Nehru, the first President of India.
In addition, the MSL has also provided a large amount of financial support to the state government through the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs.
The teacher, who has passed the CTET, will be able to become teachers in government schools like KVS, NVS, Central Tibetan Schools and others.
"“I hope that the government will continue to support not only in athletics but in other sports because we have really talented children and I hope that we will see them become champions in the National and even as well as internationally,” said Bah Finely Pariat.
These traders, have been waiting from day to day for these offices to open so that they can start the business which has been going on for more than six months. The departments involved in the transportation of coal will be a huge loss especially to the traders as well as to the people who earn their living from the coal industry.
“You don't think so.
Gradually, the price of education has declined and the price of education has declined.
“Besides, he said that the 550 rupees they have already deposited will not be enough because if they go to write the examination, the information they get will improve their thinking and they will get more ideas. also how to write other examinations including the entrance test of the Post Graduate.
It is for this reason that some states have had to hold elections without waiting for the term of the Lok Sabha and since that year, the MP and Assembly elections have been held separately. year.
In 1966, Dr Bajubon R Kharlukhi graduated from the Assam Civil Service.
The HNLC has also sent a copy of the letter to the Chief Minister, the Minister of Home Affairs and to the Government officials and HNLC leaders at the peace talks table.
It was prophesied by Micah as early as the 8th century thousands of years ago.
Punjab lost one wicket in the third over and one wicket each in the 18th and 18th overs. .
The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) has announced the results of Matriculation or SSLC 2019 on the 21st of this month. of School Education (MBoSE) has clarified that it has not yet announced the results.
In the men's category, Rahjingshai (Mairang Block) beat St. Joseph Higher Secondary School (Mawthadraishan Block) 2-1
Shillong, Lber 10 : U Minister of Public Health Engineering (PHE) Marcuise N Marak today said that he will soon meet with PHE officers to monitor the progress of projects that need to be completed. not within these years.
“Those boys, who are stupid, as soon as they see women, I want to tell them that Islam says clearly that there is a way to respect women and when we go to the market, or to any public place and when we see women, we should turn away.
“The price of the HSRP is not reasonable because the theft of vehicles in the state has increased and the HSRP does not help,” said NKU General Secretary Bah S Diengdoh. bor today.
The Court also said that the remaining works related to the construction of this road from land acquisition, forest clearance and others will be done until the final approval is received.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: In the past few days, there have been reports in several English newspapers in Shillong, that there has been a protest by the Congress MLAs after the results. These newspapers also show that Sangma may be able to remove some MLAs from the cabinet posts to reassure those who are fighting against him and who can accept that they have been fighting against him. They are closer to Ma Vincent Pala, who is MP, who has just won.
They also expressed their concern that the government has not consulted the village leaders, Hima, Raid and District Councils in this demarcation, as they know better about the boundary, along with the documents. Through this meeting, the Hima, Raid and Village Leaders decided to send a letter to Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of the Government. They urged the Prime Minister to immediately amend the MoU signed with the Assam government, saying that the MoU which has demarcated the border between Meghalaya and Assam, has seen that many The land which was still in Meghalaya has now been transferred to Assam.
After investigation into the incident, police conducted another raid on a hideout of the PLA members and arrested another PLA member identified as Chingakham. Kshetrimayum (30 years old) – resident of Singjamei area, Imphal West District.
“The ongoing smuggling of illegal arms is a serious issue for Mizoram,” the Assam Rifles said in a statement.
He said that this time the party's request to the people is not to elect conmans and businessmen but to reduce and elect statesmen, and we are not against businessmen, because many of them are they have not contributed much to the rule of law.
These patients have recovered, but their examination is ongoing.
Since the middle of June until now you have not been able to pay salaries to those working in covid centres.
He said that the state government has promised that it will not try to build tyndong lyer shet in the schools in the city because even in the city there are still schools which have to build wood.
Unfortunately, the Government of Mukul Sangma has not implemented the policy approved by the Cabinet.
“We want the right to vote to be given only to the land owners who are eligible and who have the right to longtrai from the state,” he said.
Lando Rymbai scored the first goal of the match.
for, behold, the kingdom of God is within you" Luke 17:20-2
The union has given time to the employees of the company to provide the requirements for the operation of the tower. The tower in the village, the lack of employees of this company has forced the union to take action.
“What is needed now is that the state government needs to talk to the central government to recognize these two languages ​​in the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution of India,” he said.
The shooting competitions include 10m rifles & pistol, 25m pistol, 50m rifle open sight & peep sight and 50m pistol for men and women.
The program was attended by the Truck Owners and Drivers Association, Limestone & Coal War Jaintia Association, Union of War Jaintia Village Authorities and others.
Mizoram, which had chosen to bat first after winning the toss, were bowled out for 33 runs in 11 overs.
These villages include Mukhla, Khliehtyrshi, Myintdu, Sabahmuswang, Ialong, Sohmynting, Madur, Niriang, Loomkhudung and Plongingkhaw.
It was also decided to increase the price of pork from 220 tyngka to 260 tyngka per kilo.
Jowai, Nailur 26: The Welcome Gayang Memorial School, Jowai on Tuesday celebrated the Parents' Day.
It is worth mentioning that in the past few days, there has been a curfew by the Coal Owners Association to protest against the NGT's order to ban coal mining. The HNLC has declared a 48 hour curfew to protest against the NGT's decision to ban coal mining.
Speaking after the Cabinet meeting, Dr Mukul said it appears that women want to become commando police to take over the fight against terrorism.
“The neighbors as soon as they heard about this, they informed me, the Rangbah Shnong.
The Minister said the state has faced many problems in the field of education, health, unemployment of the youth and others.
He said that he has two pictures of himself, one when he was a cowboy and when he was acting in a film.
For many, the heavy rains in the state have been a curse rather than a blessing.
Last year, Khan reportedly earned between Rs 12 and Rs 14 crore from each of his participations in the Bigg Boss show.
“The allegations are allegations and neither I nor the people believe that the Prime Minister is doing this just for political reasons or just because he will stand against the Prime Minister in the MLA election. to be held in
They also decided that if the government cannot stop the strike, they too will stop working.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang, Bah Victor Rani MDC Jirang, Bah M Tongper ADC Ri Bhoi, Dr.P Kharnary DMHO Ri Bhoi District and other senior officers. you are a health department.
Shillong, Nailur 18: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Ardent Basa Iawmoit, today said that there is no change in the venue. On 19th November, the CEM announced this after it appeared in the news that he had not received permission to hold a meeting at the ground.
In an interview with this reporter, some of the people of Pynursla area who have been affected by this incident, said that they are very disappointed to wait for any assistance from the government because they don't get any assistance like they used to. expect.
The letter is from the Director of School Education & Literacy, Swapnil Timbe to the Principal of Government Girls Higher Secondary School, Jowai and was received by the Principal on the 8th of this month.
One of the issues they discussed was the condition of the road from Umsning to Umsiang in Assam which is still in a dark state which has caused a lot of trouble to the people in travelling. it comes when they speak sweetly and sweetly.
" “Phytoremediation plants have now been planted to remove waste and clean the river water as an experiment and the signs are good and we can expand the project and try in other areas. wah, which is strong and acidic.
The state government and the UDAI have planned to conduct a 100 day program for the introduction of Aadhar to the people, along with the opposition to the linking of Aadhar with the EPICs of voters.
Earlier, NESO had filed a petition in the Supreme Court on November 19, 2019, against the CAA,
“The cow gives more benefits than what we give them.
On Friday, the Manipur government issued an order empowering magistrates not to issue shoot-at-sight orders if there is no explanation or the warning does not work or if there is no shoot-at-sight order. lad shudder with someone.
They are only 0.7 percent, but they are the powerful and rule as they please, they are called in foreign languages ​​the “Elites” have decided to bring a new rule in the world (New world order).
When asked why they came to Shillong to work, they replied that they live in poverty and lack of wages and many problems they face in Assam.
All these are the promises of the BJP in its struggle for power in its hands.
The houses of Bipul Bhawan, Kalyani Dhar, Bijan Dhar, Nihar Dhar and Buli Roy (near Puja Mandap), Jail Road, have been sealed. covid 19 disease.
Later, police arrested Sujit Paul in a Mahindra Scorpio.
No one shall take this right away from you.
Shillong, Oct 16: The Meghalaya Indigenous Youth Federation (MIYF) has admitted that under the RTI Act 2005, it has found a breach of appointment by the Director of Information and Public Relations (DIPR).
The program was attended by the Superintendent of Fisheries, Nongstoin, Bah A. Laloo, other employees of the Fisheries Department, the Chief Minister of Nongkhlaw Hima, Paiem KM. Syiemlieh, village leaders and the people of the area.
Rev. Dr. H Hayong, Associate Professor, John Roberts Theological College, Mawklot and Professor, KS Nongkynrih, NEHU, gave a detailed training on the subject.
The legal notice was sent by Bah K Kharmawphlang & Associates, Advocate and Legal Consultant of Henry Lalremsanga.
From Tura, incumbent MP Agatha K Sanga will contest from the NPP, Congress MLA Saleng A Sangma and TMC leader Zenith Sangma.
In the women's 400m, Retina Hanse won the gold medal in 1:01:5, while the silver and bronze medals went to Damika Lyngdoh WJH and Albamery Sohsang of WKH. Meanwhile, Renaldi Dkhar continued to play well by winning another gold medal in the men's jump. However, the most exciting victory for the West Jaintia team came after the victory in the men's 4x100M relay where the team managed to complete the goal in the 4x100M relay. 45.3, where Renaldi led his team to victory. The district winners were EKH and WGH. In the women's 4x100M, the team won the silver and bronze medals. EKH with Angelina Jackson won the gold medal, followed by the girls from Ri-Bhoi and WJH who won the silver and bronze medals.
In this regard, he said that the Meghalaya Biodiversity Board together with the Forest Department are expected to play an important role in achieving the target under the Biological Diversity Act and Rules.
Justice Singh was born in November 1965 and started his legal career in
In the next 24 hours, heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and surrounding areas, while in the state as a whole, heavy rainfall is expected in some places.
Shillong: An ASHA working in Nongjrong, Mawkynrew C&RD Block, has been shot and assaulted by a family in the area on 28th November ASHA groups under the umbrella of the Meghalaya Asha Workers Union have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo regarding the incident.
“The fare of the people should not change twice or three times.
The Minister praised the way DoNER has helped to resolve the major problems of the North Eastern States.
“There are more than 6,000 cases in the state and East Jaintia Hills has the highest number of cases among the districts and East Khasi Hills has the second highest number of cases,” she said.
Another police station is located in Block 1 Area of ​​Khanduli Sector.
He said that the party demands that the Meghalaya government should immediately clarify that since when the Scheduled Caste (SC) and Other Backward Classes (OBC) have been given the special privilege to study in the fields of education through the State Quota which is reserved only for the youth of the State.
In fact, the government should have curbed the overuse of private vehicles in Shillong and encouraged commercial vehicles.
For now, Meghalaya Police have been sent to the Mukroh border to provide relief to the residents of Bapli who have been abused by others.
Mawlai had another chance through Nikelson, but his attempt went wide.
Rice Planting Methods, Diseases and Pests In the parts of Khasi-Jaintia that border the Dkhar country, all these varieties of rice can be planted in their respective areas according to the nature of the variety or the area and depending on the amount of water.
Shillong: Two HSPDP MDCs, Martle N Mukhim and Sherborlang Mawlong, have urged the HSPDP leaders to talk to them to end the violence in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) has urged the UDA MDCs to elect their own leader to become CEM. The twentieth constituency, the district and the nation have decided to request you party leaders to please find ways and means to allow the MDCs within the group to think, express and give The HSPDP MDCs said in a letter sent to the party.
Evinstar Nongspung under 56 kg and Tonroi Suting under 51 kg.
In the MDC election, there was a ticket struggle between Kanang Lynshiang and Banteidor Lyngdoh and the Congress party gave the ticket to Banteidor Lyngdoh (Paidang) and he won the election. After the departure of Bah Paidang, it was rumored in the constituency that Bah Teibor Pathaw would contest from the Congress party but later it was said that Pathaw has moved from Mawkynrew to Mawlai and now it is reported that the Congress has been formed by Khan.
He said that as of now, the state is facing a shortage of blood and it is very difficult to get blood from government hospitals or even from private hospitals. There is an urgent need for blood donations, but through such donations it will help to avoid blood shortage and it is very necessary. At the same time, the union demands that the government should set up a Blood Bank in the district, so that it will be of benefit to the people who need blood. he added.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 19: Residents of 22 villages in Umiam area to Umroi today protested against the Shillong Bye Pass on the Shillong Bye Pass. women and men to stop cars.
When there were other shops, in the squares, there was a need for music, but for those who wanted to play, there was a place nearby, inside the Library, at Polo and around to play. as you wish.
Fencing Syrti, Sergeant at Arm, Rtn.
We also have the desire to reach the semi final and final of this tournament.
Narendra Modi's focus has continued to be on making development a priority.
The Mawrie tribe has spread throughout the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
At Madur village, the meeting held on 7th July 2013 elected leaders including Advisor Esaid Siangshai, President Shimpor Langshiang, Vice President Tei Ryngkhlem, Secretary Bormi Dkhar, Assistant Secretary Heibor Slong and 20 members. that member.
The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, in the past few days, said that the state government has taken important measures to suspend the implementation of the the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) of the state.
The four arrested were identified as Bhar Uddin, 46, of Barkewon village, Syllet, Bangladesh and Kamil Ahmed, 28, of Barkewon village. Syllet, Koyson Ahmed, 24, of Panisona village, Syllet, Bangladesh and Faisal Alam, 21, of Panisona village, Syllet, Bangladesh.
Shillong, Nailur 6 : The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, on Tuesday said that he will not support the Central Government's plan to change the name of India to Bharat.
In an order issued on Friday, Bah Kharmalki said, “In order to make it easier and more convenient for the customers and shopkeepers in the District.
God fed them with manna but they rebelled against Moses and especially against God.
“I don't think there is a need to hand over the inquiry to the CBI because according to the report of the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Guwahati, there was no wrongdoing in the provision of materials and drawings for the construction of the Dome.
Those groups that are smart enough to seek such information should also investigate whether those who receive these development schemes from the leaders are really entitled to receive them or whether they are the relatives of the officials. in the villages.
The Tender Documents contain two conditions (Clauses 1.4 and 30.2) which state that tenderers shall not be selected if the price submitted is less than or equal to 10% of the amount submitted. However, in the Tender issued on 9th March, 2018, these two rules have been removed on the grounds that they may cause problems to the applicants. as the scheduled completion date for the project is November 2018.
The accident happened at 9 pm this morning on the Shillong-Jowai road in Pommura, East Khasi Hills District.
“I have never met MLAs, I have never met ministers and I don't know anything about the protest,” he said.
The People's Democratic Front (PDF) Candidate from Mawphlang Constituency, Bah Auspicious Lyngdoh, has expressed his gratitude to the UDP Leader, Bah Wilbert Rani, along with his supporters for the upcoming elections. on the 27th of June.
“It is a wrong way of thinking, to mislead the people, we are the national party, we are the party, and when the time comes, we will raise our own flag and ask the people to give us the I'm sorry," said Ronnie.
He said that the construction of the MeghFarm in this area will change the lives of 10,000 farmers.
Jagdish Chelani has been appointed as the Deputy Commissioner of East Garo Hills District while Swapnil Tambe has been appointed as the Joint Secretary to the Education Department. Vibhor Agarwal has been appointed as the new Deputy Commissioner of East Garo Hill District.
The results of the GHADC elections are a challenge for the party to work better in the state.
They are Hundalin Warjri and Subita Lapang, who work as Casual Laborers at MUDA. “We have met and discussed with the Minister three times in July before holding the meeting. lockdown and protest programmes,” said Bah Sawkmie.
At this District Talent Event, 22 talented youths in various fields received Checks of T.5000/- from the Government. Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Minister of Water Resources, Meghalaya who was the chief guest.
“There are Adhoc Schools which have not been able to appoint teachers for more than 1 year, due to the implementation of MTET. I have urged the Minister to look into this,” he said.
He said that the search operation conducted by the troops in the areas where the clashes occurred has helped to recover about 11 rounds of ammunition, 20 rounds of ammunition, two kilos of gun. Powder, one 51 mm mortar, one low-powered hand grenade, 10 improvised mortars and two radio sets from Imphal East, Churachandpur and Thoubal districts in the past 24 hours. .
Replying to a video circulating on social media showing Harijans taking to the streets carrying knives and other items, Gurjit said it was their intention to He said that he was not present at the scene at the time of the incident to confirm and explain.
“I remember in 2010-2011, when I was the Leader of the Opposition, I spoke about this road and I urged the Government at that time to improve this road because The state needs another road connecting to Assam,” he said after inspecting the road, which has been completed.
Nagaland scored 283 runs in the second match of the tournament at Polo Ground, Shillong.
“What we have come to explain to the CEM is that we are happy to have the first legally recognized meat processing plant in the North East, unlike before,” he said. Generous.
After the inspection, the HYC leaders met with Bah DP Kharsati, ADC Ri Bhoi, where they expressed the concerns of the people in Nongpoh, who have been facing problems regarding the The lack of drainage systems in Nongpoh, has caused a lot of problems to the people especially during the rainy season.
The increase in human well-being is one of the reasons for the poor lifestyle because many people eat as much as they want but cannot walk.
Kharjahrin said the ADCs in Meghalaya fall under the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution of India and are empowered to make laws on marriage, inheritance of property, customs and traditions. customs including inheritance, marriage, regulation of family duties and other laws.
The court, according to an order issued by Justice SR Sen, has fined former Deputy Commissioner, Bah R Rapthap, T.1000 for failing to stop the incident by using police force. It was decided to close down the Temple which is against the Constitution of the country.
Meanwhile, the PDF has no intention of contesting against Bah Pynshngain N Syiem who is also its leader.
The deadline for submission of entries is 9th October
“If Conrad Sangma speaks English well, I am willing to say that it is through the teachers,” said Babu Mayborn.
There have been attempts by the government authorities to bring these two ethnic groups together into one Autonomous District Council, which has resulted in strong opposition from the Garo people.
Bah Vincent Marbaniang, Senior Member and Former Treasurer of UUP SC as the chief guest, former members of UUP SC and EC members of the club. .
When we reached Mawroh on the road to Golflink, we found that vehicles parked along the road at night because there were no street lights.
The union sends a notice to any students who do not have accommodation, the union will first build at Maxwelton Estate and also to other residents who wish to farm please come to the office of the union to build according to needs," he said.
The BJP in its election campaign has proposed to build a Secretariat in Tura because it knows that it is necessary to provide equal administration and governance for the Khasi, Garo and Jaintia, and Marak.
Shillong, Jymmang 16 : The number of poor mothers who die during childbirth has dropped by 50 percent since the implementation of the Chief Minister's Safe Motherhood Scheme, said the Governor in his inaugural speech on the occasion of the Chief Minister's Safe Motherhood Scheme. Dorbar Mangtyngka on Thursday.
In an interview with the Chief Superintendent of Police, he sent a message to all the drivers, especially now that the school season has come and other schools are opening, the drivers, whether they are commercial vehicle drivers or Own vehicles as well as two wheelers must be disciplined and follow the rules of the Traffic Police.
The world news reports that every 100 years, these diseases called Khasi, have spread all over the world.
The Seinraij Kongwasan Chyrmang, one of the first raijs in Jaintia Hills, has concluded its annual Behdeinkhlam festival on the 28th of June amidst the beauty of nature.
The General Secretary of the party, Bah Witting Mawsor, said that the arrangements have been completed and all that remains is to announce the names of the candidates.
There are still many schemes that we will introduce from the central government and we will do this from time to time”.
The above and others will continue until the end of the term of this government.
OM Roy Memorial Higher Secondary School today held a Fit India Movement program at the Auditorium Hall of the school, Mawlai Kynton Massar.
As soon as the mother is separated, the piglets may lose weight slightly and lose weight.
“Although the excessive entry of businessmen into politics with bad intentions, not all businessmen enter politics to destroy has been bad.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) War Jaintia Circle has found that the IGNOU Center at Sohkha Mission has been erected without a signboard. diverse.
The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, on Tuesday directed the Education Department to set up a high-level committee to gather information on the incident. Seven students of Assam Engineering College were also killed in the accident.
From the increasing population in the villages, towns and cities of our state and country, we understand and see clearly that the pollution of these places is also increasing.
The Secretary also said that until now the Seng Khasi Sohiong Pyllun does not have a single meeting place to gather together the Khasi who hold fast to their religion.
So far, 61 cows have died from the disease in the State.
It is no longer to oppose but to demand that the State Government should create the ILP like Manipur and submit it to Amit Shah, Home Minister for approval.
While Pynshngain was inside the room with AICC leaders, Prime Minister Mukul Sangma, MPCC President DD Lapang were waiting in another room and MP Vincent H Pala was waiting in another room. one room with the MDCs who came with Bah Pynshngain.
Other leaders, such as Bah Ripple Kyndiah and Bah Maham Singh, also took part, while Bah Hoover Hynniewta expressed the views of the wise men and words of his time, which caused a lot of laughter in the audience. house of the Dorbar.
After the start of the curfew, there was also a clash between the supporters of the curfew and the police.
It could be November this year or June next year or even after that.
Regarding the order to ban the import of fish from outside the State after it was found that there is a widespread use of formalin in fish, the East Khasi Hills Department has directed the officials in charge of Block to inform the department about the ponds that have been used to catch fish so that they can be transported back to the market.
Jorabat traffic police rushed to the scene and took them to GMCH Assam for immediate treatment.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The state government's plan to set up an elephant reserve forest in West Khasi Hills has almost come true as 21 villages have been approved to set up an elephant reserve forest.
Perseverance, hard work and perseverance are also some of the things you must do.
In this regard, all the Waheh Shnongs have been requested and directed to follow the order of the Chairman of the NGT Committee, Justice BD Aggarwal to surround these coal mines with fences. There is no coal or the filling of unnecessary soil to avoid the destruction of all.
“It is necessary to stop the commercialization of schools by private groups in the state especially in the city,” said Dr Mawthoh while raising questions in the House on Monday.
Shillong: The Presbyterian Church of India (PCI) has expressed its condolences over the bombings of churches, hotels and surrounding areas in Sri Lanka. Sri Lanka and especially to those souls who lost their lives in the incident and those who were injured.
It is the presence of aromatic phenolic compounds in the leaves that helps to reduce stress.
The total number of cases in the State has reached 30492 out of which 22221 have recovered and 483 have died.
“We are surprised that there has been an attempt to mislead the people on the basis of ARPA to support the old VAB,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
The C-17 was launched on 2nd November and this shows that the air force can now easily reach the area.
Mawryngkneng DC. 27: The Dorbar Shnong of Mawryngkneng, Khyrim Syiemship, East Khasi Hills District today honored Barimika Myrboh, who has won the fourth category in the merit list and second place in the Tribal List in the HSSLC (Commerce) examination from Mawryngkneng Higher Secondary School, Mawryngkneng.
Nongpoh, Nailur 26: For the first time, a team from Meghalaya has taken part in one of the sports tournaments known as Lawn Bowling which was held in Guwahati.
It was suggested that as there are hundreds of non-Khasi raiot across the border of the Hima Mylliem, it was suggested to appoint a chairman of the Sub-Committee instead of the word Nongpyniaid Shnong. be under the jurisdiction of the Shnong Ruler or under the jurisdiction of the Raid Ruler.
Not only that, but it should also not allow tall vehicles, such as 12,16 wheeler vehicles, to pass through the area, because there are places that are very crowded and unsafe. the movement of such vehicles.
The heavy rainfall on Sunday has disrupted the services at the three synods of the Presbyterian Church which ended today 19th October
The BDO of Laskein C&RD Block, Ma B Niang, has urged the residents of Mowkaiaw Constituency not to spread misleading information on social media or public information about government schemes and development works. poured into different villages without official notice.
Jowai, Naiwieng 30 : The Save Hynniewtrep Mission (JSM), HYC, EJNC, CoRP and HANM today met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the JHADC. CEM of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) Tuliram Ronghang on the unfounded allegation.
East Garo Hills has the lowest pass percentage in Commerce with 93.75% while West Jaintia Hills has the lowest pass percentage with 61.08%.
Alia Bhatt as Anjali.
Demthring, Nangbah Iawmusiang, Wahiajer and Dulong have reached the semifinals of the First Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
The Covid-19 pandemic is caused by China's violation of God's law, which has created a virus to destroy others.
According to the Director of Soil and Water Conservation, Bah D Langstieh, the Central Government has agreed to implement this sixth scheme in the state and it will start soon as soon as the funds are received.
It is the most backward village in all aspects and not only Hingaria and all the villages on the Bangladesh border.
Banteidor said that what the President of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah Ernest, is saying is only to mislead the people who are using the FOCUS scheme, only to gain political power for his own party. government.
Mr. Mylliem is the head of the Taxation Department.
“The sohniamtra from this state is the cleanest, which can be used in other areas, even the sohniamtra stalks can be used in the manufacture of food,” she said.
Regarding the issue of ILP, Dr. Mukul Sangma said that the responsibility of the Chief Minister to force the Central Government to introduce the ILP in the state should be expedited. This is the issue of the people who are against the Citizenship Amendment Act passed by the CM last year.
The party expects that in the coming months the border will be resolved and before the 50th anniversary of the state, Meghalaya wants to see that Meghalaya will have its own border.
When the Seng receives the arrest, it takes the step of handing over or informing the law enforcement authorities for investigation, as it is the right step, but the Seng is surprised by the allegations of the Governor. state the organization without knowing the sources of the work.
Amit Panghal of Services won the flyweight 48-51 kg against Jayshandeep Singh of Punjab.
Jowai, Lber 23: Police in West Jaintia Hills District have arrested four trucks while they were carrying coal from a coal mine in Sohkymphor area on the Shangpung-Byrwai road.
“Remember that the District Council Election belongs to us, to the regional parties and not to the national parties because this is our subject and we should not allow it to be taken to Delhi. The UDP and the HSPDP are the leading parties in the country and are working to explain to the people what they have done to this place. Now let the PDF party win,” said Banteidor.
The question now is how can we escape from these dangers that await us as a State and a Nation? The answer will be the Amendment to Paragraph 12A(b) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
“As a supporter of the MDA government, the BJP is also ready to work with other allies for the sake of Meghalaya.
Ardent and these leaders left Shillong this morning accompanied by several VPP members to Guwahati Airport and arrived at Chennai Airport in the morning where they were welcomed by the VPP. TPF leaders dressed in traditional Tamil costumes at the airport.
The delay of NEHU has left the students in the dark and the question has arisen whether it is the lack of teachers to correct or is it an attempt to punish the students. ISIS militants and members of the Al-Nusra front have been beheaded when they attacked army checkpoints, police stations and the office of the eastern governor. of Syria.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 08: The Umran River, which is located near the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi, is one of the rivers used by the people along the river for washing and cleaning. The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Umran Unit today issued a warning to the people who dump garbage in the river. waste sha can you wah.
In a letter to the Chief Executive Member (CEM), JHADC, Thombor Shiwat, the JSM said that the Jowai District includes 83 villages in West Jaintia Hills and East Jaintia Hills Districts and 27 villages in Jowai District. fall into the Tuber Raid.
Brightstarwell said that this is also due to the delay in the work of the NTA because even until the day of writing the examination, the students have not received it. The Admit Cards have been a source of great concern to the parents as well.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has directed the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) to expedite the implementation of the Olympic Games. The IOC has also confirmed that the 140th IOC meeting will be held in Mumbai in April this year.
When asked whether he has faced any problems especially in the MeECL department which has turned off the electricity for many hours, David said that he has not charged the vehicle since morning or in the evening. electrified.
Ten years ago, the streets of Shillong were filled with workers who took to the streets to sleep at night and protest for their rights.
Trucks carrying heavy goods from Barak Valley (Silchar) to Mizoram have to move slowly and seem to turn around with the load.
Meanwhile, Manjunatha said that African Swine Fever (ASF) has been prevented in the state.
“The MUA-II government is acting like it doesn't know anything, even after we have been fighting for many years, that's why we have come to meet the BJP leaders to help us meet with the Prime Minister. “It's a good idea to have a country for this purpose,” said Bah Kharshanlor.
According to Bah Hopeful Kharsyiem who has just returned from a visit to the villages of this area which falls under the Hima Langrin, many of the villages have been in darkness for all the years since the independence of the state. .
Lynti Jam Football Center and SPT Sports Bangalore also distributed prizes to the winners and losers.
Ozil was born and raised in the German town of Gelsenkirchen.
This is evident from their reply to the last session of the Legislative Assembly where they spent only T.62 crore and what happened to the remaining money? This question is directly to the present government,” he added.
In the fourth match, Tyrsad Higher Secondary School beat Area Lai Kyntoit Secondary School 1-0
He said that the police in Meghalaya are only in Shillong and do not provide protection to the people in the rural areas.
Shillong, November 11: An earthquake has struck Shillong at 7:28 pm today.
On this occasion, the KSU will also announce the results of the World Environment Day Essay Writing Competition held on July 5th with the participation of five schools in Narpuh area.
The PVSM award is one that typically recognizes an exceptional service offering.
As the leaders of the State, we don't see that people will lose their lives,” he said.
Shylla has also announced that he will not contest the MDC election. At a meeting at Student Square, Shylla said that the CoHSO, a group of dozens of civil society organizations, should elect him. MP candidate and criticized all the parties in the state saying that the people no longer trust him.
After the meeting, they also visited another processing unit which has not been operational since
Two police officers were seriously injured in a bomb blast in Ankara near the Turkish parliament, according to CCTV footage in the area.
Indeed, various Dorbar Shnongs and their assistants have tried their best to help raise awareness among the people about this disease and how to avoid it.
However, it was not until Sunday that a body was found lying dead in a place called 'Riat Thawlong' near Mawkyrwat market.
“We still have to verify whether those HSPDP leaders have really disappeared or not...only time will tell.
NEDFi has won the Economic Times Govt Digitech Award 2023 in the category of improving education through digital solutions.
There are several cases where we have witnessed that the thylliej of our leaders has been unheard of.
On the other hand, Mr. Riquoma invited and encouraged other people to come forward to donate blood, as the blood donation will be a great help to other brothers and sisters who urgently need blood. it's hard.
The party has not listened to the complaints and thus, we have become stronger as a party”.
There have been 19,906 new cases in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases to 528,859, the health ministry said. .
“We have been living in this house for about seven years,” said Vikash.
Drugs worth T.6 crore were seized from many parts of Mizoram on 26th November.
Also present on the occasion were MLA of Shella constituency, Bah Balajied Synrem as the chief guest and MDC of Shella constituency, Bah Teiñwell Dkhar.
Bengaluru: Karnataka BJP MLA Renukacharya, who is also the Political Secretary to Chief Minister BS Yediyurappa, on Tuesday said that development works in the state should not go to the government. The MLA also made it clear that he will make his constituency in Honnali a full constituency of the BJP.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Twinly Roy Marwein said that the reason for joining the party congress is because he has a love for the party and the party congress. He said that after retiring from his post as an officer in the police department, he still has the spirit to serve the people and through the party congress he will be able to continue. you are a public servant.
In this regard, the KSU has met with the District Medical Health Officer (DMHO) Dr KC Ajar to inform him of the problem of the patients as they have to undergo scanning outside the hospital which causes problems to them especially those who come from distant villages.
On the part of Bah F.Rumnong, State NSS Officer Meghalaya, he took part in this program and encouraged the NSS Volunteers to continue doing such good deeds for the service of the people. you live your life.
The meeting was conducted by the Waheh Shnong of Saphai, Gino Synnah, where hundreds of people attended the meeting to listen to the strong foundations of the candidate to serve the constituency. especially in the case of cross-border households.
In connection with the championship, four prominent players of the country will also leave for Tura to perform as suggested by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who is also a supporter. this is the lympung.
In West Jaintia Hills, 3 cases are at high risk.
It’s a sudden and difficult loss to accept.
They said they had hidden the drugs at the residence of Mohammad Samir Khan in Demthring, Shillong.
Therefore, the collapse of the Dome has not only caused a huge loss of lives but has also put the state in a huge shame”.
He said that the people should know about the government schemes to benefit them as support for their skills and through this scheme it will help the people to stand on their own feet especially to support themselves. and to make India free from poverty.
Start by setting an example to other states of India that we are indeed the 'Scotland of the East' as the French have called us since ancient times.
I don't know what to do, but he started to complain that the price of tea in the office had increased.
Shillong, March 27: Coal traders in Jaintia Hills District have alleged that the operators of the coal bridge at Sohkha village in West Jaintia Hills District have been biased by checking only the coal trucks while releasing the vehicles. kit mining bad car kit mawum.
Issei Suhngoh, who was also one of the main suspects in the bomb blast at a police station in 2021, has been arrested by the East Jaintia Hills District Police. .
“However, this Government has been able to complete all these projects.
Shillong: The NCDMC today met with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla to monitor the pending development works in Nongshken Constituency. These are the development projects for which the constituency should benefit from the Special Assistance 2015-1
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Jaiaw Langsning has decided not to oppose or ban any residents working inside Bethany Hospital or patients visiting Bethany Hospital/OPD as well as visitors. patients or those who provide food to the patients to return home (Jaiaw Langsning) after being checked by the government health workers.
The Shillong Western Bye-Pass is estimated to cost Rs 1.868 crore when completed.
Mondal said he is waiting for the full report after the inspection by IIT Guwahati on the construction especially the bridge that runs alongside the Umïam Dam.
In the meeting, HANM has explained to these shopkeepers and ordered that within two months, these foreigners should be removed immediately and a Khasi should be employed.
In the evening, when Panah came, he brought special food for Rida and she too prepared to prepare milk for him.
On the other hand, the President of HFLWA, Bah Mawthoh, said that the government has banned the employment of children under the age of 14 years. they are poor families who cannot afford to send their children to work.
The US House of Representatives on Friday said it had introduced legislation to force US President Joe Biden to send weapons to Israel and to support Israel. in connection with the invasion of the Palestinian city of Gaza.
“To ensure the welfare of the people of the state, the ST Morcha will conduct various programs in the state, by visiting many villages and explaining about the schemes of the Central Government and to ensure that citizens will enjoy the benefits.
Bindo said that in the past there was a boundary settlement committee headed by the retired Chief Justice of India and another judge. Bah Bindo urged that if the former judges do not give their opinion, the government should think carefully lest it be a mistake.
The word Laudato is a phrase given by Pope Francis who spoke about how to protect one's own rympei.
After being tied up, the mob handed them over to the police.
On the other hand, the RBDTEDF leader congratulated the farmers and the people of the village, for immediately going to extinguish the fire. that all the trees shall be burned in the fire which is kindled by the flame of the enemy.
Mairang, July 03: Four persons were seriously injured and a woman was killed when a Getz (ML05E/5565) collided with a river at Shyrwang village. which is still under the district of Eastern West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 29 : The Roster System Committee of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) today met for the first time to discuss the issue and also to send The decision was taken by the State Government.
Declining to comment on the match between the UDP and the UDP, Ardent said it was a match without bruting each other but to shoot the ball.
Because it cannot provide justice to all without gender discrimination.
The injury was only external, without mentioning the whole body.
There are 28 office bearers under the leadership of President Samla Spailin Wanniang, Vice President Samla M Wahlang, General Secretary Samla Kitdorlang K. Rongrin, Assistant GS Samla K. Rongrin, Education Habanskhem Sohphoh, Organizing Secretary Samla Johnpoul Wanniang and others. other office bearers and members of HYC Nongjri Unit.
An earthquake measuring 7.8 on the Richter scale struck the country on Monday morning.
The General Secretary of the Seng, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, said that this incident has released the shopkeepers and food vendors.
However, you didn't have any faith in the work.
With the permission and permission to show Superheroes on Chinese platforms, the benefits will be to the country itself as well as to the owners of various platforms.
The three hour program was attended by officials from the mining department of various companies like Dalmia Cement, Topcem, Barak Valley Cement Limited, Hill Cement and others.
When asked who will take responsibility to ensure that the food items received through this scheme are safe to eat, yesterday we saw that in Bihar 22 children have lost their food. They don't eat the food distributed from the government schemes.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11 : The Boxing Championships of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 started on Thursday at Mawlai Mawroh, while the Badminton Team Championships reached the finals of the Indoor Championships. Hall, JN Sports Complex, Polo.
Acknowledging the role of the media in protecting the rights of children in the country, Shah said, “You should be careful when spreading news about incidents related to children. minors especially where these involve the sexual exploitation of minors, publication of such children and related matters.
He said that the shopkeepers can come to the police for assistance in installing the CCTV, although it is not to eradicate crime but it will be part of helping the police to monitor when there is any crime. what happened.
The cleaning of the river started from 7 pm to 7 pm and a lot of garbage was removed from the river, especially plastic which is one of the items. cleanse the environment.
Referring to the MP election, Bindo said that if the UDP from Shillong and the NPP from Tura contest, the MDA's victory is already there but if not, it could cause problems.
Shillong, March 24: The Minister of Urban Affairs, Amparenn Lyngdoh today honored her at the Dorbar Shnong Laitumkhrah Pyllun. Doctorate degree at the recent Convocation of NEHU.
The tournament will be held on the 15th of July, which is also the 75th Independence Day of India, at Lama Villa Community Hall, starting at 7:30 pm.
The swearing-in ceremony of the ministers in the governments of the North East, was urgent, like a storm, in which the Prime Minister of the country, had to sleep, about he will lose air.
Last Tuesday, Shobha alleged that the churches in Malnad, have been persuading their fellow believers not to be injected with the corona vaccine.
She said that the department generates funds only from the interest on the housing scheme for the poor and this ends only until
In Tamil Nadu, 765 new cases and five deaths have been reported, bringing the total number of cases to 16,277, with 7,839 still infected and people died.
Not only that, the storm also damaged some houses of the people and carried away the tins of household items. Members of the affected households had to seek shelter in neighboring houses. for it was no longer fit for them to dwell in the house, because the rain had come into the house.
Through the increase in the number of test kits, it has been decided to reduce the number of days from nine days to four days so that public money will not be wasted, said Sarma. today in Guwahati.
The students expressed their gratitude to the state government and the Indian Army for ensuring the safe return of all the students to Meghalaya.
Speaking at the meeting, u Bah Akbar Blah, urged that there should be a knowledge of the Kur in East Jaintia Hills District so that the Kur and Jait can be strengthened. don't agree, don't respect.
He added that all the candidates who have been nominated by the MLAs , MDCs and others after receiving the approval of their names from the circles and district level we feel that they are worthy, we will announce their names.
Among the districts with the highest number of convictions is Ri Bhoi District where 50 robbers have been convicted.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 02: Members of the RBYWO on Friday closed down the offices of the Central Government in Ri Bhoi District for opening their offices on the Shad Pomblang, Nongkrem.
The Rajya Sabha passed the Aadhaar and Other Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2019 by a majority vote.
In his speech, Samla Lambokstar Marngar said that the state government under the leadership of the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma should not just sit idly by passing the resolution in the Assembly but should take action and follow it. He said that if the Indian government introduces a law to protect us, we are ready for any part of the struggle. .
At the same time, at the program of distribution of fish boxes at Pynursla Block, East Khasi Hills District, he appealed to the fish farmers to produce adequate fish water so that the demand for fish water from the State will increase. The vision of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi – 'Local to Global'
Mylliem Lum Sports Club and Lawmali Pyllun Sports Club have won the SSA SRGT 3rd Division Football League 2023 held at the Third Ground MFA Turf. , Polo.
At the same time, the KSU has urged the Dorbar Shnongs to ensure that the issuance of syrnod to foreigners who work in any kind of work, and has requested the people to report if they find that there are foreigners who work in any kind of work. “The Khasi Pnar community should inform the KSU that it will take the necessary action,” said Iaikmenlang Lamare, Asst Publicity Secretary, KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit.
“Bah Robert June Kharjarin is a new candidate and has no registration mark. He is a new candidate without any registration,” he said. The party has elected a strong candidate who has the knowledge and understanding who can also represent the interests of the state in Parliament.
“The current Additional Director of MSCTE, A. Ali, will retire soon and it was decided at the meeting that she will be the first Secretary of MSCTE for 24 months,” she said. .
Shillong, July 20: As a precautionary measure ahead of the Republic Day celebrations, BSF troops of the 193 Battalion on Thursday arrested three drug traffickers and seized seized 1728 rounds of Yaba pills from their bodies.
Prof.D.K.Nayak, in his speech, said that it is necessary to commemorate the freedom fighters and the ancestors who sacrificed their lives for the liberation of the country. country.
Bose Swell Khongthohrem also alleged that Bitlinwell Khongthiem has strongly opposed the participation of women in the election of Rangbah Shnong.
Do you understand by the word “Paradoh” that you have that blood relationship? By the word “Parasnam” do you understand that all nations have that blood relationship? The Resemblance in Shape or Skin! – There is no difference between Shipara and Khunsynrop! Blood Relationship! – In the same family there may be blood group “A”, “B”, “O”, etc.
He said that today is the second time that the JAC has talked to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District and on the first occasion he has promised to complete the payment of the money. They have worked for the election duty and during the COVID-19 pandemic, but this promise has not come to fruition.
The party also congratulates the members from different units and circles of the state who have worked hard this year on many issues that the party has taken up.
HC Chaudhary, Additional Chief Conservator of Forests, Meghalaya, said this while speaking at a training program at the Divisional Forest Officer, Jaintia Hills Wildlife Division on the 1st of this month. July 2013 at Khaddum Village, East Jaintia Hills District.
He said that NESO has been asked to demand that the Indian government should terminate the Indo-Nepal Treaty in Meghalaya as the Nepalis have been able to enter the country easily and have been causing trouble from time to time. for.
According to sources, India has already scheduled to visit the country this year for four Test matches in July 2025 and the ECB has decided to All those matches will be played at Lord's, Oval, Birmingham, Headingley and Old Trafford for the Pataudi Trophy.
Before she left for Australia, Marina said, “I love you so much”.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Challam said that according to his understanding, the holding of election campaign rallies affects the cost of living and the power especially as he is in a weaker area in the country. the output side.
Watch NDTV, Al Jazeera, BBC and don't miss it.
Earlier, taxi drivers opposed to the implementation of the Odd and Even system refused to leave the protest despite attempts to explain by the district administration and police.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Isawanda Laloo, IAS, on Saturday announced that she has been allowed to open a farmers' market at 7 Mile and Lad Smit.
If you look at the Tourism Department, it has a relationship with the Arts and Culture Department, the Social Welfare Department and the Textiles Department.
On the other hand, the President of the Garo Baptist Convention, Sundarsingh A Sangma said that the celebration of the 150th Anniversary of the Garo Baptist Church is not only a celebration of its history, but also a celebration of its history. also the celebration of the advent of the Church which brought about a change in society and also in terms of the customs and traditions of the Achiks.
Shillong: The BJP Minister of State for Meghalaya, Bah Sanbor Shullai today met with the Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Ajay Bhatt and briefed him on the issues of the Shillong cantonment area. The reason for the increase in the number of STRs in the Cantonment Area.
The source said that the district authorities of South West Khasi Hills have suspected that the attack may have been carried out by a group of opponents of uranium mining, but nothing has been done yet. It is impossible to confirm which group it is.
In Ri-Bhoi District, 47 villages in Umsning Block and 29 villages in Bhoirymbong Block have been affected by the cyclone on 14th June.
The nomenclature Khasi-Jaintia has been used officially/administratively for more than a hundred years from the time of the 30 Syiems and 12 Doloi to the British Period and until the Government. India has known and recognized as follows:-As the protest against the Assamese language during the Hill State struggle, the same problem may arise if both the languages ​​cannot be recognized in the VIIIth Schedule. Khasi and Garo.
He said that the deceased were buried on 9th July and if necessary a post mortem will be conducted by the police.
West Khasi Hills came fourth after winning only one gold medal.
Out of 6415 rural villages, 3891 (61%) receive water through piped water and the rest receive water from wells other than piped.
Four minutes after extra time, Damebantei Kharkongor scored the second goal for Umphyrnai to take the lead 2-1
In knowledge we see a lack.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday slammed the state government regarding the power shortage and said it cannot accept that the power shortage will exceed 50 per cent. .
Paul Lyngdoh said that the inventor of the automated teller machine, which we all carry in our pockets, is John Adrian Shepherd-Barron, a Meghalayan born in Dr. H. Gordon Robets. Jaiaw Hospital, Shillong.
At this Dorbar Pyllun, the leading leaders of the Kur and the elders will give their speeches and at the same time the students of the Kur will be awarded the Academic Award especially those who have achieved 75% or above in SSLC, HSSLC and Doctorate degree.
Entry forms can be obtained from the office of the DSO during office hours.
“If this is to deprive our people, it has been very successful.
Jowai, Nailur 25: The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) will soon launch the Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 1st Division Football Tournament 2023 at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai. .
There are 11 recoveries from the disease.
Ashit Dutta, Leader of the Hindu Community in Nongpoh, sent a message to all the residents of Ri Bhoi District to continue to work together in all aspects without discrimination. U added.
He said it was very sad to hear of the harassment of the people in the area by the Assam police and armed groups.
Kong Nongrang, who took over as the Chief of Police, said that she will work better in other areas including crime against women and children.
Although there are many challenges facing the state, the state of peace and order is still good in all aspects.
Sources close to the Congress party said that the MPCC may also resign as Working President due to the allegations.
Shillong: U Dr FR Lartang, SDM & HO, Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills, has lodged a complaint with the police, where he found that the birth certificates of five persons, were obtained by mistake. tongue.
It cannot be said that these days, even the educated youth have had to stay unemployed due to the unemployment crisis.
You are the God of heaven.
He said the High Court has also ordered the appointment of a police officer from the Meghalaya Police Service (MPS) and the committee is in talks with the Ministry of Home Affairs for this purpose.
Speaking to media on Friday, the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Professor Prabha Shankar Shukla said that according to the current census, the population of Meghalaya has increased to According to a report released on 19th November 2023 by the Niti Aayog, Meghalaya is the second poorest state after Bihar.
If those who call without the knowledge of the Dorbar Shnong are found, they will face severe punishment,” warned the Dorbar Shnong.
The rocket launched from China at 1:30 pm from the Taiyan Satellite Launch Center in Shanxi.
The BJP MLA, who has tested positive for the coronavirus, has not been able to infect the Congress MLA. The incident happened yesterday, when the Congress MLA, u The BJP chief minister in Gujarat today met with the BJP chief minister and a few hours later, he was diagnosed with coronavirus.
You know that physical activity is good, but you don't know how good it is.
He said that the government should immediately start the construction of these roads in the area and should not start until the elections or to mislead the people, as Mawhati is lagging behind. due to inadequate road and development.
Dt.26/3/2022 relating to the order of the Hon'ble NGT under O.A N0.172/2
Women in France even after the French Revolution in 1789 did not have the right to vote, it was not until 1946 that they did not have the right to vote, and in Switzerland they did not have the right to vote. 1971.
Ko Bah Pala, we know that you bought the seat to become the president of the Congress in Meghalaya just because you want to be the CM of Meghalaya.
Shillong: Four candidates have filed their nomination papers today for the mid-term elections from Shella Constituency.
It was after the police started conducting investigations that they arrested a robber who was suspected to be involved in the crime.
S.Nongtnger SP WKH said that the public also has a role to play in eradicating crime because only the police department can temporarily eradicate crime but in collaboration with the villages it will be possible. He said that the public should not support the insurgents by providing them with food and shelter when they come to the villages.
“It is the involvement of a team that works all over the world, because without that team, it will not be successful”.
New Delhi, November 14: All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) National Spokesperson Saket Gokhale on Tuesday filed a complaint against the National People's Party (NPP) for failing to disclose the expenditure in the upcoming elections. long in 2018 within 75 days.
It may be recalled that the Thma-U-Rangli-Juki party held a rally at Khyndailad yesterday to demand the introduction of the Meghalaya Preventive Detention Act and the Meghalaya Maintenance of Public Order Act.
During the visit, a review meeting was held with the Heads of Central Agencies, State Government, Village Leaders and BSF. BDR Tiwari, IAS Commissioner & Secretary to the Governor, Animesh Tiwary, Deputy Commissioner of Customs, Shillong and Executive Manager LPAI Dawki, Thulisseryl Chacko.
New Delhi: The Government of Narendra Modi today decided to merge the OBC and the United Bank of India (UBI) into one Punjab National Bank. (GNP).
However, on the seven disputed areas, the government has taken a decision without taking the consent of the land owners of the land in the border dispute areas.
Meanwhile, the ticket offices in Mawkyrwat, Nongstoin, Mairang, Tura, Williamnagar and other places in Garo Hills and Khasi Hills take from the leaders of East Khasi Hills and other places,” said Jt.
Commenting on the order issued by the DC of East Khasi Hills recently, Bah Sadon said, “If such incidents happen here and there, we have the police department to fight but not to allow. The curfew order for all citizens to stay at home is a violent order against the right of freedom of movement of Indians and also the right to freedom of movement.
AHAM has demanded that the perpetrator should publicly apologize to the Youtuber for his inappropriate behavior against the tourist.
Since the beginning of the boycott, some films are said to have suffered losses which have negatively affected the production companies.
In this regard, the union reminds and urges the government to take action on this issue before these buildings are destroyed and so that it will benefit many from the students, job seekers, and will The development is not only for the region but for the state as a whole.
India has been one of the countries in the world to have developed the vaccines called Covishield and Covaxin to protect citizens over the age of 18 years.
HS Kharpran, MLA Mawryngkneng Constituency on Tuesday launched the Intensified Indradhanush Immunization 5.0 program for children and poor mothers for the East. The program was organized by the NHM in collaboration with the MCH&FW.
Of course, the problem of SSA teachers is important to discuss, but let us also explain some of the issues which have been the cause of confusion in the implementation of various schemes like SSA in the State.
He will attend the award ceremony of Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU) at Soso Tham Auditorium at 1.30 pm.
Dr Ao also clarified the news about him by saying that it was not what he said to the media but some people phoned him and informed him about these things and this affected his feelings and In such a feeling, he spoke and some recorded and sent what he said to the media.
Before the start of the first match in the city, both the teams had a training session on Thursday at the stadium in preparation for the next day's match.
The Cultural and Arts Secretary of the party, Bah Samuel Shadap, said that the party has strongly opposed the Assam government's plan to dam the Umiam River.
As a Khasi, he will not think too much about the party but he will think about the nation,” said Bah Sunn.
In the religious sphere we witness that religious groups are selfish and do not own the truth and in this selfishness, if they cannot, they carry swords, guns, knives, knives and sticks, they shoot and kill those who refuse to accept the truth they preach or teach.
Therefore, we need to understand crystal clearly that MEIKHA plays a major role in the transmission of the Longrynieng of the children, through her son(s) and has the right to be the successor. 99.9% of the children are born by blood.
Even the national highway has been improved and the roads to the villages have been improved.
Then the song says, “My little son, he is happy and smiles, where he used to go, when I went on a journey.
Sildamicresha Marbaniang, who tied first, scored 42 runs from 37 balls with nine boundaries.
Shillong: Thousands of party leaders, party workers from the state, districts, blocks, mothers and youth groups at the State Central Library, in the presence of the party's top leader Mamata Banerjee.
“The Iewduh is the market of the farmers, the Iewduh is the Secretariat of the farmers and the farmers set the prices for the traders and not the traders for them. farmer.
Regarding the increasing power outages in the area, he urged MeECL not only to collect the electricity bill, but also to take action to provide electricity. for the people living in the area, he added.
Before the cleanliness drive, a meeting was held by the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Dahunlang V Lyngdoh, MCS. including the SDO of MeECL, E. Pohshna, Traffic In-charge of Jowai, Rocky M. Umlong, Executive Officer of Jowai Municipal, S. Amse for their hard work for the betterment of the city. miat in society.
To train people and involve those involved in this work, 99 Government and private groups have been called Key Resource Centers (KRCs).
Until they have become rich, they don't know the manners and they don't understand the right and the wrong, so that there is even a lot of violence and even murder.
“In the past four years, it is surprising that there has never been any intention to abolish the constituencies but Laitkroh has been abolished in these few days,” said Bah Carmel.
Reenborn holds a BA, LLB degree. He served as a First Class Magistrate from 1984 to 1988 and as an Additional Judge of the District Council Court, Khasi Hills from 1988 to 2005 and after that he worked as a Judge of the District Council Court from 2005 to
New Delhi, November 13 : With the hope of a glorious victory in the Super Over, the Indian cricketers are now preparing to improve their performance especially in the bowling and bowling against Australia. In the next two matches at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai, the national team will return to the Brabourne Stadium from part of the next challenge.
“At first glance, I don't like it because I see that you are a shy person and that you don't want to spend time with me like yesterday especially when we went to the water.
He said that there are many problems affecting women and the government is struggling to address those problems.
Congress leaders from the state have left for Delhi to discuss the issue with AICC officials.
The HYC in the presence of the General Secretary and Vice President of the HYC together with the office bearers of the HYC visited CHC Khliehriat to conduct the post mortem of both the deceased. They have also consulted with the family members and witnesses of the incident to get sufficient evidence before the party can move forward to demand justice. On the day of the funeral of these two people, the union has visited Wapung village at the residence of these two people who died in this incident to pay their condolences. They also informed them that the party will not remain silent on this incident until they get their rights.
However, there are still some organizations and political parties that oppose without grounds.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Pul Klein, Chairman of VEC Umshit, who expressed his satisfaction after seeing the orderly turnout of the residents to welcome the day. opened the village water supply system.
On the other hand, the union, through the leadership of Samla Myrthong, said that these foreigners had arrived from Delhi.
Jowai, Jymmang 11: Police in West Jaintia Hills have charged 16 trucks for smuggling clinker from coal factories to Assam.
The sign has fallen to the ground and it is a serious threat to the people if the department in charge of such an incident does not take action.
She only arrested them because Germany was at war with Britain.
Shillong: A clash between the residents and the police has spread near St Dominic School, Mawkhar, where shooting, shooting and shooting continued till 1 pm. do not write this message.
She said that the BSF has seen the need to maintain a healthy body and also to develop the talents we have.
The meeting was reportedly scheduled in Bara, Rajasthan; However, before the date, the writer tested positive for covid.
Speaking on 2018, Ardent confirmed that the HSPDP will not cooperate with the MUA government at all. “How can we cooperate with a government that has banned coal mining, shyiap mining, “It's a surprise to the people,” he said.
“The NPP Ri-Bhoi and Umsning Block strongly condemns the attack on the MDC residence,” said NPP Ri-Bhoi President Clement Mawlong.
Prof Lakhon said the Academic Council of NEHU will meet again on the 31st of this month to discuss how to implement the NEP and also to discuss the syllabus and examinations of the students. this is a new Policy.
On the other hand, Bah Bajop said that many of the decisions taken by Bah Titos were personal without taking the consensus.
We thank them and we hope that God will bless them and we will also pray for the people of Sikkim who are still suffering and I ask each and every one of them to encourage and support them. Remember them in your prayers,” said Barihunshisha Lyngdoh, one of the students of Himalayan Pharmacy Institute in an interview with media at ISBT. The rainfall started on the 4th of this month at about 2 pm.
Nongrum in his appearance before the High Court apologized to SR Sen for the remarks he made against him at one of the public meetings.
Loniak recalls that in 2004, when he went to different villages and told them that his shap was a sword, they asked him which party he was fighting for. When he asked whether he was fighting under the banner of the National League for Democracy (NLD), they asked him again what party it was. The HSPDP and therefore those who support the lion, want to stand in the shap of the lion and will not want to stand in other shap.
Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has been sworn in as Chief Minister for the second time and this time it will be a great honor for the state that even the Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the first time has witnessed the ceremony. ministers of the MDA-2 government were sworn in on Tuesday.
These issues remind that the Government should have its own vision for the urban areas within the State.
The RDA is an alliance of the UDP and HSPDP which has been in existence since shortly before the 2018 MLA elections.
“In my opinion, there is no need to be afraid of the Aadhar number, but it is up to the free will of the person to explain according to their opinion,” he said.
After the meeting, after discussing the election of office bearers in the Nongstoin Constituency, they unanimously decided to elect the temporary office bearers first, as the party is currently in office. After the people have approved the decision, the proposal for temporary office bearers was made.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 3: The deterioration of the 10 km road from Langpih Market on Mawdiangsnam Road on the Assam Government has put the people in great trouble especially in the Assam Government. you carry it and you go.
The Edge-10, an Australian team led by former Olympic athlete Ian Campbell, was selected for the search.
He said that Provision 9 of Article 244 A, says that there should be transparency or accountability on both sides regarding the collection and distribution to avoid financial crises.
“We will ask for more information on this,” Niak said.
Although the Legislative Department under the leadership of the Chairman of KHADC, Bah Lamphrang Blah has scheduled to hold the Dorbar for three days, but as there is a counting of votes for the MLA election 2023 on 2nd October and there are up to Two MDCs of the Council are contesting the election, so the dorbar can be postponed.
Leading investors include LVMH, which has pledged 200 million euros ($233 million).
Also present were Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister, Ministers, MLAs, MDCs and family members who received the body of Archbishop Jala.
During these two days, there will be a live DJ, Beach Queen Contest, Fashion Show, including Mawpoiñ, Beach Volleyball, Camping, Tambola, Tan Tyllai, children, zip lining and others.
After hard work, the school has now been able to harvest the jhur that the children have planted in their garden.
“The Madanrting Village Act is still stronger than the state government's immigration law,” said the General Secretary of the HYC. only the Inner Line Permit.
As we are the Nodal Office for the National COVID Vaccination Programme, I was at the headquarters to support Team Health India.
Especially in these times when there is no Covid-1
In the morning and afternoon, Shillong witnessed a protest by drivers of commercial vehicles near Shillong Civil Hospital after the police implemented the order to send these vehicles from Kachari Point to Khyndailad and Khyndailad. Chapter.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Polan Sohphoh, Rangbah Kur Sohphoh Sengkmie, said that on the 2nd of this month, the relatives of Sakwang, South West Khasi Hills District met with the police of these three districts. to request assistance in the search for Bah Justin who went missing from Tura on the 16th of last month.
Brazil will face Venezuela on Thursday morning in Cuiaba.
For example, you can enter a One Time password for 50 tyngka.
Shillong, July 19: A delegation of BJP Meghalaya State Unit leaders led by President Rikman G. Momin and Bah Alexander L. Hek on Thursday met with the Archbishop of Shillong Archdiocese. Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh at the Archbishop's House, Laitumkhrah and handed over to Revered Akshat and a letter of invitation for the opening of the Shree Ram Mandir.
Ma Tohlangsakhiat Bareh, Range Forest Officer, Forest Department, Government of Meghalaya, passed away on 4/6/2
Speaking to Kynjatshai, Bah Star said that his entry into politics is not new.
According to a statement sent by the Ribhoi District Police, on Thursday evening, the police received a tip that three persons identified as Ronand, Daniel and Naba Singh were arrested. They met at a farm house in Lumkeni village, Umran, Ri Bhoi to sell drugs.
D.F.Majaw (PHF) Director Club Service RC-Jowai, Rtn.
Their demand is a reminder of the petition it has sent to the State Government since
John 14:26.
Shillong: The Asian Football Confederation (AFC) today celebrated its Grassroots Day with the aim of increasing participation in football at all levels.
It is not that I am on the side of the new EC or that I have anything against the old EC, in fact my friends are more in the old EC and I am more enthusiastic about the old EC. EC bar; Therefore, when I show these things, it is only because I don't like the rulers to speak without mentioning the rules.
PFR, who came second, have scored 12 points from four games and scored 29 goals to concede 10 goals from four games.
Former Treasurer Lucky Thangkhiew has been appointed as Vice President, CEC Member Lebi Marwein has been appointed as Treasurer and Dhruba Thakuria has been appointed as Adviser. Babit Lyngdoh Mawlong as a member.
On the other hand, Bah Joseph Warjri, Executive Member of the Dorbar Shnong Qualapatty, said that most of the foreigners living in the village are old and the families of the foreigners in the village. There are about 600 households in the village and these are fully qualified.
The Chief Secretary explained about the pollution of the rivers and the measures to be taken to protect the rivers.
He said that the union will attack Topcem at any time if the government does not explain about the bombing of the people when they protested against the dewbilat company.
The Council also said that there are also villages inhabited by the Pnar community within the border of Assam.
The bridges have been in existence for hundreds of years and the people of the Riwar Valley are still maintaining and maintaining them to this day without any teachers or explainers because it is the wisdom and understanding of the ancients who have been able to build them. this.
Hundreds of teachers today staged a sit-in in front of the Additional Secretariat to protest against the actions of the state government.
The Minister also acknowledged that his government has been able to convince the rebel groups in Meghalaya by bringing the ANVC to the negotiating table which now awaits only the decision of the government. center on their agreement.
Punjab took the lead from the start of the match but Gurtej Singh's ball did not go into the net.
Thus, most of the time the duty of the woman is to protect the men who live in raitong and the man to protect the women who live in rangli.
In a statement issued by the Director of School Education and Literacy, Kong RM Kurbah, said, “Due to the extreme heat of the day which could affect Garo Hills, the weather conditions have changed. make the students uncomfortable as information has been sent to the office.
The Government has issued a letter dated 25th November 2010 dated No.MEGH/SSA/SMAM/PL/42/2010/243, which states that the school has no rights. to get help.
Furthermore, pregnant women infected with COVID-19 are at risk of premature birth and other complications such as postpartum death.
Although the case has been in court for six years, the child has received a fair trial after the Special Judge POCSO Court West Khasi Hills on 24th June The court sentenced Drolishon Wahlang to 3 years, 5 months and 26 days imprisonment and a fine of T.10,0
Speaking at the meeting, Bah HDR Lyngdoh said that India is one of the countries with the largest number of Cooperative Societies in the world.
If the state doesn't have peace, who will come here? Why can't various organizations control their followers? If we continue to do this and disturb the village from time to time, the problem will become more severe for us and those who earn a living every day.
Police have arrested the suspect who has cheated many people by claiming to be the head of various companies and even a government official of various departments.
A total of 123 candidates have qualified for the KHADC elections to be held on 24th June.
The drivers of the four buses left the road to resume their business and pass through the road to Motphran but the traffic police did not allow them as they had not yet received permission to pass.
If you put it together, it will increase the price of all the wheat; but if you choose them, the price will be much better.
“The Prime Minister will leave for Delhi next month to schedule a meeting with Amit Shah.
They are 'Garib' (poor), 'Mahilayen' (women), 'Yuva' (young) and 'Annadata' (farmers).
Meghalaya tied for 96 runs in the first innings while Uttarakhand scored 556/8
However, the numbers of these students who have passed have not been published in the booklets of the Board.
Congress MLA from Mawhati, Bah Charles Marngar asked for clarification on how many Anganwadi Centers have been donated by the villages for maintenance, construction of shelters and water supply.
The President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Bah Daniel Khyriem, was arrested on Friday after refusing to take bail and sentenced to 14 days remand.
“The Disciplinary Committee will take a decision to take the necessary action,” he said.
These mafias are said to have links with powerful officials.
He married a young woman from Chambakpara in Chibinang under Phulbari Police Station.
It is to be recalled that the government has allowed 50 percent private vehicles to operate within EKH and Shillong and 50 percent commercial vehicles outside Shillong or surrounding areas.
“The health department including Superintendent Ganesh Das has been ready to take good care of the mothers who give birth especially those who come from the containment zone,” she said.
These are just a few examples of people no longer accepting the understandings of scientists.
These are 191 Assistant Engineers, 150 Junior Assistants, 200 Assistant Executive Engineers, 20 Executive Engineers, 10 Superintending Engineers and 130 Clerks.
It goes around and brings about changes for good or for bad.
The winners of the tournament will receive a cash prize of Rs.50,000/- for the men and Rs.25,000/- for the women.
With the introduction of Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology, there will now be QR codes attached to the clothes to verify that these clothes are produced in the State and Eri Silk.
Methodius Dkhar MLA Mawshynrut, Gabriel Wahlang MLA Nongstoin, Government officials of E.Kharmalki, Secretary, PD Sangma, Director of Mineral Resources, Chakraborty, Head of Mining & Geology, Two elders, Bah Teilang Pde from East Jaintia Hills and Bah Shingstar Khardewsaw from West Jaintia Hills, were also present.
This is because there was a public meeting of the farmers of Mawpdang area and civil society at Malki Square, Shillong.
The term of office of the State Legislative Assembly in Maharashtra will end on 9th November
“This NEDA was created not for the development of the North East but for politics to fight against the Congress,” he said.
Arden said the state itself wants to have a border settlement because this is a long standing issue but the settlement should not be done in a hurry because it will not be possible. to accept this and if they intend to resolve it with a lie and deceit how can the people cooperate with the government.
Jesus said – when we see these things happening, it means that the last days will come.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Students from Chilliangraij SSA UPS, Chilliangraij Govt.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 1: The UHM Mawshynrut Circle under the leadership of the President of the Circle, Stevenson Nongsiej, has found that the SSA school at Mawlai Umdang Mawshynrut has been destroyed. and the tables were broken down.
There are people who write only about religious news, there are those who write only about politics and there are those who write only about Khasi culture.
He said that the government's efforts on this issue have the hope of reaching the goal.
Regarding the number of residents who eat ar maloi, this reporter in collaboration with the village headmen, elders and youth from these border villages, found that there are more than 2,000 residents. villages registered to vote in Meghalaya and Assam.
The incident happened on the 1st of July during heavy rainfall, according to media reports. The coal truck was not working all day until 4 pm. was long pat.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08 : Nongkhyriem FC have won a cash prize of Rs 20,000 after beating Madanrting 3-1 in the Platinum Jubilee Football Tournament Nongthymmai Sports & Cultural Club as part of the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of the Club.
Edwell was born on November 20, 1947 in Umkrem village on the border between India and Bangladesh.
In the men's category, Dkhiah from East Jaintia Hills District came second and Jowai from West Jaintia Hills District came third.
In his speech, the Minister said that the state government will continue to support the CRC Shillong so that it can provide the best services and that is why the 10 acre land at Umsawli has been allocated. .
The Hima Sohra, besides the table land and the steepland, also included two Parganas in northern Sylhet, namely Angajur and Fatehpur.
The funeral service of Dr Sanjoy K Shylla will be held tomorrow 09/12/2022 at 1 pm at the Church of Jesus Christ, Wahiajer.
Not only that, with this policy we have also exempted these officials and traders from taxes.
If we compare the district councils between them and us, we have two district councils, JHADC and KHADC, while the Garo people have only one GHADC.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District, Sanjay Goyal, on Tuesday said that the district administration and police are searching for the leaders of the Sengbhalang who are involved in various protests. .
Farmers have been directed to inform the Rapid Response Teams of the Veterinary Department by calling the helpline number to spray the affected areas and also to treat the affected animals.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 81445 out of which 78375 have recovered and 1404 have died.
Your point is correct.
" In doing so, parents make the family a community of believers called to holiness (cf.1 Pet.1:15) through the preaching of the Gospel and the spreading of grace. the worship of love through their daily actions.
Despite the high number of private vehicles, we also see that thousands of people rely on commercial vehicles for transportation.
For more information, please contact Sports Secretary Teddy Laloo.
The match between Sumer Veteran FC and Evergreen SC Nongjri ended in a tie breaker in which Sumer Veteran FC won 5-4 goals against Evergreen SC Nongjri.
Deisy, still awake, got up from sleep and did her chores.
Imran Khan's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PKP) is expected to hold early elections especially in Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. The Pakistani government wants to hold the elections on the same day across the country and the legislative assemblies of these regions have collapsed in July. is expected to be held in March of this year.
They are the ones who have built and endured many obstacles.
Nongpoh, Lber 24: The Ri Bhoi Contractors and Suppliers Association (RIA) has decided to hold a meeting of all the contractors and suppliers in the Ri Bhoi District. from Ri Bhoi District will be held on the 25th October 2023 at 11 am at the Dorbar Hall, Sajer Nongpoh.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Dr Mawthoh said he will file his nomination papers tomorrow morning at 2 pm. The party will be held tomorrow.
Nik Dan (58), Peterson Lamare (35) and Firstbornson Dkhar (30) contributed runs to the Lions in 28.4 overs for the loss of seven wickets. Sylvester Mylliempdah took four wickets while Deibormi Rangad won the man of the match and the highest wicket.
After careful consideration, the State Government (Govt.
Students, teachers and staff took part in the march to raise awareness against corruption.
Phermanbha Lyngdoh came forward to shoot from the penalty spot and did not miss the golden opportunity and managed to score again in the 38th minute.
At this Diocese, the Catholic Church of Shillong also offered a Holy Mass for the souls of the deceased. Mass for the souls of the deceased in the presence of other Priests and thousands of relatives of the faithful buried at the church cemetery in Laitumkhrah.
At the same time, the union encourages other youths and students of the area to follow this example and work hard because nothing is impossible if we have the spirit of children. you're Minot and you're working hard.
Other speakers were Emi Phyrngai, Rangbah Moosiang Lamare Thymme and Ma T Suting, Secy of Chiehruphi.
The WBC said it would also discuss with the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) its concerns about the presence of clomiphene in food.
Many people think that the VPP loves the people but the truth is that it doesn't love the people but it loves only the party to strengthen the party. to strengthen the nation.
“I would like to inform all the people that I have a decision and I have decided to resign from my post as General Secretary of the State Youth Wing of the HSPDP. “It's because I don't have the intention to serve the people in another way,” said Bah Thongni.
Don’t wait until nothing can be done.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 10: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) in a press conference led by Khrawbok Snaitang, President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on Tuesday said that The Government of India has been allowed to interfere in the extraction of mineral resources from this area and South West Khasi Hills District.
This will also be a meeting of all the farmers of the area with the leaders of the Seng to discuss the problems that our farmers face from time to time.
The 47th Anniversary of the party was celebrated on the 29th of June at the party headquarters in Mawkhar.
We set goals to reach our goals and respect the rules set by the government and others.
Secretary of HYC Central Body.
“She died in my hands and I don't know how to explain to these tyngab mothers, because I am not the killer, but I am trying to help,” said Kewat, who is beaten every day by these groups of tyngab. .
What would happen if Israel could rebuild the Temple in Jerusalem? We know that until now neither the Jews nor Israel have been able to build their Third Temple in Jerusalem.
After the 1000 years, there will be a final judgment at the Great White Throne (Revelation 20:11-15), which says – “And I saw the dead, the great and the small, standing before the throne; the word on the Throne
However, according to inquiries from some people, they said that the President's refusal to sign the PS Bill in Delhi, will have the same impact in the state where the Governor will not sign the Bill. sign the Ordinance of the State Government.
'Now let us look at the kings – whether they should still exist or not.
Shillong: Forever Young will hold a Wine Festival on the 10th of this month at 1 pm. at State Central Library.
At present, the number of women MPs or MLAs is only about 14%.
It depends on the collection and after the calculation and distribution here and there, the money will be released to the District Councils”.
In a letter to the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, Clifford R Marak said that the protest of the GHSDC members is in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution of India. Meghalaya has been involved in the past, but nothing has been done at that time.
On 20th October, 2022, the Ministry of Finance and Ministry of Education released T.60 crore from the allocation of T.104.36 crore to pay the salaries of SSA teachers. In October, the Government of India released the Second Installment of T.44 crore to the Government of Meghalaya for the payment of salaries.
Family members, friends, NGOs, volunteers or through Helpline number 181 in collaboration with Police, Ambulance and so on.
The total number of cases has now reached 2.80 crore, the health ministry said.
“From time to time I have warned the government not to sign the MoU but they have laughed at me because they don't understand the matter,” he said. Dr Mukul Sangma has not been able to create a new map of the state and this government has not been able to create a new map of the state because it does not match the map of the Revenue Department.
Samla Jason Lennox Nongrum, President of the HYC Ri Bhoi District, said that the reason why the leaders and members of the HYC have left the party is on the grounds that as the President of the HYC, District has been affected by the Vice President of the party, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh and also that there are some problems within the party that cannot be resolved within the party.
He said the government and the people themselves want Meghalaya to get its border not through bloodshed but through peace.
Hamas has reportedly prepared enough weapons and ammunition to attack Israel for two months.
Babu Singh said this victory was special and congratulated everyone.
There are also some lands in Khasi-Jaintia which have been displaced from their place of origin, by their destruction from their place of origin.
Now to apply a sohjew stick directly to the skin will not show any results.
Naomi and Ruth returned to Judah without a husband to carry them, but they were determined to survive and settled in the fields of Boaz, who was also a relative. of Elimelech.
The teachers of NEHU have demanded that the VC of NEHU, Prof. Shukla, should step down from his post, alleging that he has violated the rules of procedure of the university by appointing and dismissing the According to the teachers of the university, there is a rule that if the VC of NEHU is abroad, or if he is on leave, the post of VC Incharge shall be appointed to any Professor, who is older and who has served for a long time in the University.
Let us see whether the politicians win or defeat the religious leaders or the religious leaders defeat the politicians on this issue.
“We have lost many of our loved ones in this way,” said July Nongpluh, Secretary Shnong of Huroi.
I would also like to extend a special message to the HFU which has gathered together with us farmers and has taken into consideration the problems we face in our State.
Jowai, March 14: The State Coal Owners' Forum (SCCCOMDF) today lodged a complaint against the government through the Transport Department for the failure to issue a challan for the coal miners. The coal will be transported by 12 shaka vehicles with a capacity of up to 19 tonnes according to the order of the Supreme Court and the order of the NGT to the State Government.
Thousands of byrni of rice have been seized by the Assam police from one source.
The film has been nominated for Best Film, Best Director and won the Best Female Actor award through Wanri Pyngrope at the recent Prague Cinema Awards.
This order was issued under the Disaster Management Act, 2005 to protect children from any hazards caused by heavy rain, thunderstorms and lightning in the district.
In the afternoon, Hindu devotees carried the idol in a car to break the idol of Durga in the river in the presence of women and children who danced along the road from Shiv Mandir to the temple. Myntdu River in Pohkhyllem which was also visited by the District Administration.
He said that next month the foundation stone will be laid for the major water supply project in New Shillong Township worth T.1600 crore.
The house was constructed under the PMAY-G scheme with the contribution of the Jaintia Hills Development Society through KHUBLEI Germany and others with the contribution of Rs. ,32,000/- Rs.
Ten groups of teachers from one school said that they have left the election duty from the same school, except for the BLO. , said that they have to take leave because how can they send the students when there are no teachers in the school.
Biden received 56 percent of the women's vote, Trump 34 percent, followed by 58 percent in the suburbs and Trump 35 percent.
“We cannot give up our land,” he said, adding that the Council will soon convene a meeting of the chiefs on this issue.
However, the government led by the NPP, BJP, UDP, etc. has changed the language by making Hindi the 1st language by allowing the Governor to speak in Hindi. .
On the other hand, the Seng is deeply saddened by the increasing number of cases of violence against children, abandonment of children and others under the age of 18 years. There is a great threat in relation to the path in the society that it has led the organization to hold a public awareness campaign for the special needs of the future of the Jaidbynriew in relation to the children who will become the children. the future of life in tomorrow is ten days.
When asked what steps the Congress will take to free these departments from political influence, the AICC spokesperson said, “The people should be surprised, the people should stand up. rasong and they shall be able to elect a Government ruled by the people for the people.
The union said that the power outage for more than a month has caused suffering to the residents of the area where they have to pay for petrol and mombati but at the end of the month the department has come. beat exactly right to collect and burn fire.
The Tongsoh screamed and said to Tangmar, “Tangmar, take the sum first but it will fall into the blood.
The Units have requested all the farmers in each village to come and take part in this meeting of the HFU to discuss this important issue which has affected the farmers of the state as a whole. .
Arjun Munda – Minister of Tribal Affairs14.
“Since 2018, KHNAM has been in trouble and due to the lack of time to prepare for the current elections, as a party we have decided not to contest the 2023 elections,” he said. .
Therefore, it is necessary to create more jobs in all these jobs so that economic growth can be accelerated according to the demands of the time and this will also help to eradicate the unemployment rate among the youth.
Furthermore, Nongjri – Nongkulang Road (L =8.14 KM), Bridge No.3/1 (Span = 6.25 m) (Chainage at 3rd Km), Bridge No.3/2 (Span = 6.25 m) (Chainage at 3rd Km), Bridge No.4/1 (Span = 7.10 m) (Chainage at 4th Km) and Bridge No.5/1 (Span = 7-15 m) (Chainage at 5th Km).
The Khasi film 'Pynngop' is one of the Khasi films which has reached almost all the villages of Khasi and Jaintia Hills. The public was invited to tour the Khasi Jaintia Hills as some of them did not have the opportunity to come to Shillong to witness it.
The deceased has been identified as Betuwel D. Shira (22), son of Porindro Sangma, resident of Arenggre, PO-Betasing, PS-Ampati, South West Garo Hills. .
Earlier, speaking at the meeting, Angela warned that this is only the beginning of the meeting and if the government does not remove Bah HDR Lyngdoh, more violent protests will take place.
“First of all, various sports events have been canceled for many reasons but this will also be in conjunction with the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the state and also from the DIPR and the Department of Tourism. held on these days of the tournament.
On the other hand, Thomas said that the registration of the NPR will be related to the collection of names for the NRC. the role of the NRC and whether the NRC will affect the citizenship of our minorities.
“Therefore, we expect to complete the work within the stipulated time”.
“The decision to convene the dorbar is only a formality,” the newspaper said.
The prize money for the winners will be T.20,000 for the first prize, T.15,000 for the second prize and T.10,000 for the third prize.
Shillong, July 30: Foreigners especially tourists from all over the world have to take a breath before entering Shillong. and the lyer pyut that came from the bread field of Marten.
The Center will be built on an area of ​​9 acres which has been agreed with the land owners of the Kharsahnoh clan.
As a responsible mother, she should have taken immediate action on this issue.
Nongpoh, July 04: The Dorbar Shnong of Mawtnum Village today held a village khana for all the residents of the village from parents, youth of the village and children in order to bring love and unity among fellow citizens.
There were about a few farmers who said that they have worked hard day and night to provide the necessary equipment in the fields for cultivation and planting which has caused them physical illness when they saw that the crops had been damaged by the rain.
The major political parties in Meghalaya with MLAs are the NPP, TMC, UDP, HSPDP, PDF, KHNAM, NCP, Congress, BJP and Independents.
we will pray for you.
The people also have their own part to count themselves. If you vote well, you will not be defeated within a year but if you have already defeated, no one can save you. politicians, you should count yourself in your children, in society, do you really help to elect a person whom you can trust to rebuild what has been destroyed?.
The group of youths led by Bah Wellborn Bynnud, Bah B Lamin, Bah Vickey L Mawnai and others left after receiving a complaint from the drivers of vehicles who have been stuck for three months with their loads. the merchants.
“Except for one Minister Longkmie, who took part and supported the ILP, as demanded by the Sengbhalang, three other Ministers did not oppose the ILP, because they just sat without saying anything,” the statement said. said the statement, released today.
Another incident has occurred today, where a nurse working at Breach Candy Hospital has tested positive for the virus.
Dozens of farmers of Rongmasek village took part in the ceremony to show their respect for what was led by their ancestors. traditional cultivation before sowing rice seeds in rice fields.
“One of the prominent figures of Jowai has sent an SMS to this reporter in which he has expressed his anger against the engineers and employees of MeECL in Jowai over this frequent power outage.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today announced that 852 health workers have tested positive for covid-1
These new leaders were sworn in by Bah Samuel B Jyrwa, former KSU leader and senior leader of NESO in the presence of former KSU leaders, elders and leaders of the KSU. different languages.
Dia, who played the role of Bheed in this short film, will also focus on the death of marine animals due to the actions of humans in throwing garbage and at the same time. The time of plastic is very long.
“How are you?” asked Bah Sokon to an old man.
On the other hand, the chief guest will hand over the Dong Musa to Bah Beningstar Lyngkhoi (International Athlete) who is the Torch Ambassador and the Dong Musa will be taken to Tura.
“Anyone who finds children forced to work in places that affect the health and well-being of the child can inform Childline by calling 1098,” she said. Mandakini Nongtdu Coordinator JHDS and added that Childline works 24 hours a day and through Childline they help children who are vulnerable, abused and exploited by providing counseling and exercising their rights.
Chief Secretary DK Shivakumar on Tuesday expressed his satisfaction with the CWRC's rejection of Tamil Nadu's request for Karnataka to release about 12,000 cusecs of water.
Not only that, but we see that even the government officials have lost their minds on this issue, because even the news of the corona virus, we get all the time, without any truth. There is also no Twitter and Facebook account of the Prime Minister and thus, the journalists and social media have been informed; after that, came the speech of the second prime minister, who explained about the corona patients; However, when their knowledge does not allow, the discussion of the disease, ends up with the doctor, who knows and understands his responsibility or the DHS. The State, has always trusted the Village Authorities, the Rangbah Shnongs, in terms of peace and order, to set aside to fight this disease, while it does not help at all and the fight against this disease, has Fortunately, many of the villages have the responsibility to take a fee of Rs. 50,000 or 50,000 from the State Government.
This order of the state government to punish has encouraged the contractors who live from hand to mouth.
Meghalaya will face Mizoram for the top spot.
The CEO also discussed the arrangements for sending and receiving EMs at the counting centers and the welfare of the voters.
On September 13, 2013, students in Bihar will sit for the examination.
Shillong: The double-lane Umpling Bridge, which will connect Shillong and New Shillong, will be opened in October this year. This was announced by Bah Charles Pyngrope, Chairman of the Public Account Committee (PAC).
We must understand that those who hold high positions in the Council rise from promotion.
The Asia Book of Records is affiliated with the World Record University and the International Protocol of Records.
“In the 59 constituencies, 26 seats were won by the NPP, 11 by the UDP, 5 seats by the UDP. TMC and Congress won 4 seats, VPP 4 seats, HSPDP, BJP and PDF 2 seats and independent parties.
Instead of rising the state; to rise and grow; to increase the income of the court; I will go down to hell.
Shobitam is a company that produces clothes made and sewn by local designers and Vidya has been selected as the spokesperson to announce the products of the company and also to promote the textile industry in India.
He said that they have held a meeting with the NHIDCL regarding the Jaika Project for the construction of the highway from Shillong to Tamabil Dawki and He said that the work has progressed well in talking to the owners of the land and once the land has been provided, the work will start on the construction of the land.
A single family will receive 10 kilos, two families will receive 20 kilos and three families will receive 30 kilos.
“The preparation of the DPR is ongoing and soon if the preparation is complete, we will have a Rain Museum in Sohra,” said Bah Warjri.
Jar said, 'Bah, I'll see.
Other political parties can all be judged to be selfish parties and trying to get the opportunity to develop themselves and the group immediately.
On the contrary, they are now anti-drug preachers/soldiers.
Shillong, June 06: The Managing Director of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) Sanjay Goyal on Tuesday said that the new plan will be implemented after the trial.
KHNAM MDC from Mawkhar, Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit, in his speech, said that he is deeply saddened to see that when there are football tournaments, the people have filled them from the beginning. but when it comes to the life and death of the Jaidbynriew, many of them are just staying at home but they don't want to come out and express their rights but to give reasons. and how cute.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: Fourteen political parties including KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, GSU, JSU, RBYF, AJYWO, JYF, CSWO, Kwada, AYWO, AIGU, ADE and FAF have announced a curfew. The curfew will start at 8 pm and end at 5 pm on the 19th, 20th and 21st of this month.
Many churches have experienced a decline in income and poverty because they have no jobs except government jobs.
Not only that, but he spent more and more money on various activities.
What followed were the objections and in some of the discussions there was a feeling of racial difference among the Hynniewtrep people where people treated the hardworking Pnar with contempt.
Speech and explanation was given by Bah D.Rapsang on behalf of NYKS on the schemes and assistance provided by the government for these clubs and organizations and also encouragement by Bah Pynïaid. Sing Syiem regarding the need for Youths Clubs in the village to work and develop the community in the village as a whole.
Gratia became more and more angry and gradually she became more and more angry.
He said that Sanbor has been spending the MLA scheme of T.2 crore per annum by buying equipment for the people.
These include EGH: 28, EJH: 13, EKH: 135, NGH: 12, RBD: 55, SGH: 19, SWGH: 19, SWKH: 24, WGH: 64, WJH: 113 and WKH:
He did not want a temple built by human hands.
There are no schools in the past, but the schools have been opened for each other.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) during the tenure of CEC TN Seshan, MS Gill and Bah JM Lyngdoh, when they saw this money laundering during the elections, strengthened the Commission in The Model Code of Conduct has been introduced to combat fraud and illegal activities by Political Parties and Candidates.
On the electricity department, Malik said that the department has undertaken to implement many projects to develop the department.
The three Khar-iong were identified as Chukwuma Celestine Okwuwa, 34, Lucky Osas Enebi, 36 and Ndubuisi Moses Chime,
The government factory has been established since the 1960s and MCCL is the oldest government factory in the state.
Website : snurpartip- snur is a type of snur that spreads from one country to another; knowledge is the knowledge, understanding and understanding of anything in the universe.
He said that through the vision of the leaders of TVWPS we believe that even after 60 years we will be able to hold this Amur Falcon Festival.
Those who have been selected as the winners are Tipriti Bareh, Ibankerbha Mawlong, Phibanylla Marweiñ and Feridica J Nongrum.
They are from Mizoram and Manipur.
Expressing her support for the bill, Sonia Gandhi said that women belonging to Scheduled Caste, Scheduled Tribe and Other Backward Classes should be included in the Caste Census.
In recent days, there have been rumors that the Indian government will not approve the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya and this has upset and saddened all the people and leaders who want to get ILP. Time is running out and even after more than a month since the resolution was passed, the Defense Minister of India, Amit Shah has not yet met with the Ministers of the Meghalaya government.
From the increase in the number of cases last year in the second phase, the occupancy of beds in the hospitals has reached nearly 80 percent, the source said.
Regarding this issue of vaccination where there have been those who say they should not be forced, I would like to clarify this.
In Barato, which is also a village that has been harassed by the government and leaders because there is no one to lead them, because the villagers in these areas do not recognize the agriculture department of the state government.
In East Khasi Hills, 146 cases and in West Jaintia Hills, 53 cases.
“Without delay, the second Bill was sent to the Treasury by the State Project Director and the Secretary to the Ministry of Education. The two month salary of SSA teachers for the months of July and November will be released tomorrow to the districts,” said Bah Rymbai.
“We have already issued NoC since June to apply for TL from KHADC and we have made it clear that they should not operate until they have received a license from KHADC but they have ignored this rule. and violate too," he said.
With the urgent information of the residents of Mawroh and others through the whatsapp group and the Mairang Police, the vehicle was recovered before reaching Mairang on its way from Nongstoiñ.
Speaking to media, Donald Thabah General Secretary said that the four organizations have decided that the state government will continue to open the gate. the state on November 21, 2020;  These four parties will come down to implement this gateway to the state.
It is learned that the blaze, which occurred on Friday, shook the area like an earthquake and could be seen from the sky. , which threw so many families out.
These aspects were emphasized in the recent speech of the G20 Presidency last month in Bali, Indonesia.
The article also said that the shops set up by the Dkhars in the market are clothing shops, juti shops, medicine shops, kyiad shops and other shops where Khasi youth can work. She said that only the shopkeepers in the market, the Dkhars, take advantage of the price of goods to cheat the people.
Classes were held at the Cherra Theological College, founded by Welsh Missionaries in
A total of 100 Common Service Centers have been allocated in different parts of the country.
Not only that, many of the prime ministers did not agree to continue the video talks, which have been held four times, because they wanted immediate financial assistance from the Indian government to fight against against the coronavirus.
But we will see that Israel will destroy the kingdoms of the world.
While QC Springsides was not present.
On the other hand, the party has strongly warned against the leaders or village officials who sell the country and the nation as a whole.
The two were reportedly detained for three hours at Alinagar and released when police rushed to the village.
There are 4,305 confirmed cases so far and the death toll has risen to
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of Agriculture, M Ampareen Lyngdoh and the MLA of Saipung-Sutunga, Santa Mary Shylla.
“It is also surprising that some of the leaders don't even understand the meaning of the word 'Party'
The winners of this competition will receive Rs 5000/- for the first prize, Rs 3000/- for the second prize and Rs 2000/- for the third prize. (Rs 2000/-) for the winner along with trophies and certificates.
Giving examples to other states and Assam, Bah Kynta said, “If you look at other states and look at Assam, the Forest Guards are always ready.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM), Meghalaya on Tuesday held a rally with two shakas across Shillong to celebrate Independence Day. to the people.
He also urged the government to lift the ban on the Internet.
If we read these verses, we find that a lawyer asked Jesus, “Teacher, what must I do to inherit eternal life?” Jesus answered by telling a story about a man who went down from Jerusalem to Jericho and was beaten by robbers on the road until he was badly wounded.
Former Delhi Chief Secretary and Aam AAP leader Manish Sisodia has been ordered to remain in jail till October 20 after being arrested by the CBI. There was a request to extend the detention for two days, and this was over.
We work for the people, then the party and lastly for ourselves,” he added.
The reason is that if I say 'brothers' I am afraid that your faith may not be the same as mine.
Several persons who were arrested recently on suspicion of involvement in illegal drug trafficking have been taken to Jowai Police Station.
Nongstoiñ: The Regional Officer of CDFC Guwahati has issued a notice that under the Cinematograph Act, 1952 of the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) Films which include all types of films whether advertisements, songs, films etc. shall be certified for the safety of the public before being released.
The one day program was led by Bah Pilastar Nongsiej, National Mountaineering Climber. He gave many trainings to the students of Nongstoiñ College. Zip-lining, Rappling, Rope Knot, Jumaring.
This plant also grows very quickly.
According to reports, the body found in the Brahmaputra River, Assam belongs to a robber named Saidul Islam – a robber who has escaped from the hands of the authorities. state police after the arrest.
It is an honor for the state to be recognized as the Top 3 States in the ODOP Awards
Bah Lambor Malngiang on Monday inspected the Umsaw village road connecting Umïew village, which falls under Mylliem Lum, Nongkrem.
This will happen under the fourth seal.
Shillong, June 26: U Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, President Rangbah HSPDP, today held a meeting at Smit. The meeting started at 12:15 pm and ended at 2:00 pm. At 3 pm, more than 10,000 people attended the meeting and listened to the speech of their MLA.
In the order, the court headed by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee said, “It seems appropriate for the court to bring in 10 CISF troops instead of the CRPF troops. The CRPF operates under the control of the State Police Department while the CISF operates independently.
"Any attack on our people without prior warning will lead to the killing of a civilian we have kidnapped from Israel," said the Ezzedine al-Qassem Brigades. Hamas armed group, in a statement, various media reported.
India has now been completely affected by the disease, with only 5.6 states reporting cases in October.
Sabalenka also defeated Marta Kostyuk in the first round of the tournament.
“I have explained this by referring to rule 279a, the allegations fall under this rule and according to rule 304, the Lamphang is empowered to withdraw the statements from the matter, if there is any doubt, the decision Therefore, I reject the statement of Dr Mukul Sangma as a violation of rule 279a.
The UDP demands that the former Minister of Education should not be dismissed,” said Bah Dkhar.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall is expected in parts of Shillong and surrounding areas tomorrow.
Test patients for symptoms of COVID.b.
Kim attended the Met Gala for her company and Kylie Jenner for her company Kylie Cosmetics.
She said that as usual, patients who go for treatment at NEIGRIHMS have to register themselves in the Medical Record Department (MRD) Register in order to know their names. and their addresses and registration should also be in the In Patient Register.
DFA invites all interested parties to participate in this one-day training.
The programme, which will be held at Bir in Himachal Pradesh, is the second highest paragliding center in the world at an altitude of 5000 feet above sea level. 8000 feet above sea level.
On the HNLC, she said that they should not misuse the name of the HNLC, but should take a clear path to join the party.
The Aizawl will leave Aizawl on Sunday and arrive in Shillong on the same day.
On Friday, 87 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, 3 people died, bringing the death toll to 1431 in the state.
The Laodicean Church or the Church of the People in the Church of the People is a Church that has the appearance of godliness but speaks of its BOR; from these things we must turn away.—2 Timothy 3:5
He said that at present the MTC operates only few buses from Shillong to Garo Hills and Guwahati.
On this occasion, prizes were also awarded to the winners of the competition which was held in the afternoon before the event.
Less common are A and B in many ways.
The reason for the decision to end Indiana Jones in the fourth part is because Harrison Ford, the lead of the film, no longer wants to act or take part in it.
“You are like this.
On this issue, KHNAM has sent a petition to the Minister of Home Affairs of the State Government, to ask them to allow these foreigners to enter the State. It is because Assam has expelled these foreigners from Assam.
Chanki Langbang received 5506 votes and defeated two candidates Daeiladmi Sungoh with 2720 votes and Harising Papang with 2720 votes. 194 votes.
However, the Government has not been able to find a way to ensure the safety of the residents in this area.
The JSU also expresses its gratitude to the Thangskai Village Council for accepting the mistake by lodging a letter of complaint against Ayush and his father to the DC of East Jaintia Hills. long is successful.
The Speaker has directed the government authorities to clean up the flooded areas, as it will be dangerous if the floods continue.
The delegation was led by Chairman Sieddesh and CEO Ajay Gause, while the KHADC was led by Chief Executive Member Pyniaid Sing Syiem. Speaking to media after the exchange of information, Siddesh said the purpose of the visit was to gather information on the working methods of the KHADC and how to transport to Goa, to improve the KHADC. the method of working is appropriate.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Tens of thousands of supporters of Bah Paul Lyngdoh, the candidate of the United Democratic Party (WDP) for West Shillong Constituency, took part in a rally in the villages of West Shillong Constituency on Tuesday. Thread.
Referring to the situation of the family, the union is deeply saddened by the fact that these 4 children who have lost their parents and caregivers are facing difficulties and difficulties to support their families. Besides the house that has been destroyed, they need urgent assistance to get a suitable house to live in and avoid the rainy day.
Speaking to media, JAC Chairman Bristar Mawthoh said he was pleased to receive a reply from the CEM who said that it is an amendment and the Council will The JAC will also make written recommendations to the Council to address the issues of the consumers.
Three cases have been confirmed from East Jaintia Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong: Due to the high number of cases of Covid-19 in East Khasi Hills, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday urged the people from outside the state to Shillong city to refuse to come to Shillong.
On the same day, turning to the public service which was held at 10:30 pm, a story from the Word of God was heard through Pastor PL Muksiar, while the main part was to distribute the Word. The service was delivered at 1:30 pm by Rev.Dr.R.R Cunville.
The foreigner was identified as Roshan Kumar, who works as a light manufacturer.
On the other hand, the Village Leaders and Sengbhalang Leaders said that the site where the KAAC has set up the Khyrdop belongs to Meghalaya and Block I belongs to Meghalaya before the 1990s. Notification of the year
The Act aims to abolish the current 10 + 2 education system, but to change it to 5+3+3+4 and those aged 3-8 will be in the Then 8-11, they will be in preparation for school, 11 to 14 years will go to middle school and 14-18 to secondary level.
Bro. Anub Kumar Lakra, Principal, St Francis of Assisi School, Nongstoin was also present as the Chief Guest.
However, without counting the teachings of the Holy Word, there are many reasons for the breakdown of the family; not only the woman, but also the man is the cause and is responsible for the good or bad of the household.
The NABH is a body of the Quality Council of India (QCI), which is appointed to oversee any quality health facilities, their management and operation.
They also expressed their gratitude to Msgr.
To meet the needs for the transportation of goods and transportation, the facilities and services at the Land Port have been improved.
The union has decided to stop the supply of petrol to Meghalaya after a petrol pump employee Bittu Patel was shot dead on the 12th of this month at Bokmagre, Tura by armed groups.
Nongpoh: The North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEMU) has staged a strike in Umphiang to demand the release of its members arrested on charges of smuggling. Through this meeting, the government officials have strongly urged the leaders of the Union to approve what has been proposed. Government officials and those who have decided to continue the smuggling of Umphniang to the state.
Today's incident is the third since the war between Hamas and Israel lasted for six months and on Friday, nine people were reportedly arrested. and three of them were killed, because they worked with Israel.
He added that the VPP does not want to abolish the Reservation Policy for other ethnic groups but there should be a fair arrangement according to the number of ethnic groups in the state.
Shillong: The State Government today appointed Claudia Lyngwa, Commandant of the 1st ML Battalion, as the Commandant of the 1st ML Battalion. Davies R Marak has been appointed as SP (VIS).
“He added that the training is necessary to improve the skills they have.
Y.Mawlong, Additional Deputy Commissioner.
CLP Leader Ronnie V Lyngdoh on October 13 accused the All India Trinamool Congress (TMC) and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) of having links and understandings. ahead of the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
Bah/Kong, I alone feel that it is the church leaders who are involved in such activities, because how can the chowkidar do as much as he has said? What is your educational qualification? from 2013 to 2019 he can provide all those bank statements etc.This is all the theft of the Mawkhar Church, why doesn't the Mawkhar Church give the accounts at the end of the year? brothers? If you don't know, you'll be in the church.
He said that although the SDO of Pynursla Civil Subdivision has called a meeting with the groups, it has not come to fruition.
“If we can stay here, it will be a blessing but every day I sell kwai by walking around every day but if we can stay here, our body is better and we can sell more than that. daily.
?Panah replied, "Why are you talking to me...?"Rida looked at him.
Speaking on behalf of the athletes, Bah J.Nongsiej said that as athletes, they should work hard with self-discipline so that they can improve in this field.
During these four days of the programme, various competitions were held with the participation of nursing students from all over the districts and districts in the State including men and women. The awards were presented through momentos, trophies, medals and certificates.
The candidate is Shemhok Garod, former MDC of JHADC and Secretary of the UDP.
The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly was the chief guest in the presence of BDO Mairang C&RD Block Bah V.Swer, employees of various government departments, Sordars of the area, religious leaders and others.
Kohli said the BJP will lodge a complaint with the Returning Officer against Congress candidate Dikanchi D Shira. “Their speech shows that they are already tired and cannot sleep peacefully,” said Kohli, responding to Dikanchi's statement at one of her public meetings that the BJP is against them. Christianity and Muslim religion.
The establishment of the State University in Garo Hills will be another milestone in the history of Garo Hills. The State Board Examination in Tura, West Garo Hills, today, with the vision and understanding of the political leaders from Garo Hills. He graduated from the State University in Williamnagar, East Garo Hills District.
The KSU has sent a letter to the DC on 2nd June under the leadership of KSU President Streamly Suchen and General Secretary Kwilinis S Suchiang.
Sinha said Modi will campaign in Meghalaya on the 24th of this month.
“The fund for the construction of the Assembly has been allocated by the Central Government and recently the Speaker of the Lok Sabha Om Prakash Birla has increased another Rs 100 crore to complete the construction but the work has not been done. and the council was broken down.
“As it is, the Government has struggled to improve the implementation of this roster so that it does not affect the districts.
We understand that only a few people really earn.
At the election campaign meeting held on Monday, the people from all over the villages of Mawryngkneng constituency gathered at the Dorbar Shnong Umpling to hear the explanation on the election issues from the party leaders especially from the party leaders. candidate, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh.
On this occasion, it is up to the Khasi Authors Society (KAS) or other organizations to praise the State Government for this initiative. in the ears of thousands and thousands and that there is no need to translate with others.
I believe that if it went to the Khasi and Garo, they would have been shocked but ours would have been silent.
S.Kharsahnoh, DSEO and In-charge Sub Divisional School Education Officer (SDSEO) delivered the welcome speech, and Staising Khartbteng, Sub-Inspector of Schools delivered the greeting speech.
As a religious man, he is one of the priests of the Catholic Church who has made a great contribution not only in the religious but also in the social field for the development of the state.
He said that if the CAB is implemented in the North East and in the state, it will pose a serious threat to the small Khasi community because if they come from Assam, tens of thousands of people have been excluded from the CAB. registration in the National Register of Citizens (NRC).
Nongpoh, July 28: About 33 TMC leaders in Mawhati today left the party to join the UDP party to give their full support to Bah Baiahunlang Makdoh who is the UDP candidate in Mawhati. .
In addition, there will be a quiz and many other competitions.
The Bishop of Tura Catholic Diocese, Reverend Andrew Marak, conducted a special prayer while the Pastor of Hawakhana Baptist Church, Reverend Frithing D. Sangma, spoke about the arrest of these two groups. Their arrival is an acceptance of God's prayer to stop the violence in Garo Hills.
Fullmoon Mukhim in the 12th minute, Kevin Rymbai in the 47th minute, Brolington Warlarpih in the 49th minute, Donlad Diengdoh in the 72nd minute and Romarius Laban in the 76th minute. .
Regarding the appointment of one of the MLAs of Ri Bhoi, the RBYD has announced the names of Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang from the NPP and Bah Jason S, Mawlong, MLA Umsning from the PDF. Nongpoh: Hundreds of trucks have been parked at petrol pumps and other places along the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi, last night, they were arrested by the District authorities of Ri Bhoi, after it was found that these trucks, violated Section 144 CrPC, which has already been enforced in Ri Bhoi.
“There will be opposition and struggle if the government intends to violate our rights because we only want the road because it is the source of income especially in the backward areas like us,” he said. Chairman of the Union, Bah Christopher Lyngdoh and members of the Union.
However, when the people of the Raid went to complain to the Meghalaya government, it did nothing”.
The body was first found by the cowboys from Mawmerang village.
They said that the state government will have to implement the UGC as it is salonsar.
Shillong, July 18: The District Administration today conducted an inspection of the cemeteries, following the order under Section 144 Cr PC of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills. news, that someone worships demons in the cemetery.
“I hope that the people also understand this, so we will work with the people from time to time,” said Bah Vincent.
Similarly, the TMC has won only five MLAs in the 60-member Assembly.
Higher Secondary School.
The Business Advisory Committee will meet soon to determine the dates of the session, said Andrew Simons, Commissioner & Secretary, Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
In this regard, we understand that this report that the government will submit within 15 days to implement the Roster System, I will say only this one, you can deceive us once but you cannot deceive us many times”.
Shreyas Iyer's exclusion from the India squad for the match against Pakistan may have surprised many.
The Forest Department will plant 216,700 trees on an area of ​​453 hectares while the Soil and Water Conservation Department will plant 151,000 tree seedlings on an area of ​​152 hectares.
According to him, it is through this vision that the government has now implemented many different missions ranging from Piggery Mission, Poultry Mission and others to support the people to stand on their own feet. .
When she gets home, she cleans, cleans the clothes, which are dirty and dirty, and feeds and drinks to put her husband to sleep, like a child.
He said that such people have no right to be inside the police station of Ri-Khasi Jaintia and should be expelled from the police station and punished because they have taken the law into their own hands.
The purpose of this awarding ceremony is to encourage the development of all children in the field of education.
Assam Police, on receiving detailed information from intelligence agencies about the attempt to smuggle drugs from Agartala, Tripura through Assam, immediately conducted a raid to seize a drug smuggler. a vehicle transporting illegal substances.
So, you must pay.
“It is the theft of the BJP government which has destroyed the memory of these two great men of the country,” said Amarinder Singh Raja President of the Youth Congress.
The cause of his death was due to acute respiratory distress syndrome, COVID-19 pneumonia, CKD stage V, hypertension and anemia.
Shillong: The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) today decided to hold another meeting to discuss the joint candidate for the upcoming MP elections from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
Regarding the 'OM, dated 10 May, 2022', which is believed to have been prepared, it is necessary to consider it thoroughly, to third and to It should be carefully considered by all those who should have a part in improving it.
This shows that the party leaders and workers have been trying to impress only themselves and those close to them but have forgotten that many churches are divided.
“The party does not believe in the grounds that just because we have the right to attend meetings as we please because this affects the money of the people,” said Dr Myrboh.
Many of the youths said that this is to warn the candidates who are afraid to distribute money during the elections and if everyone does this, it means that the time will come when the candidates will not dare to distribute money during the elections. distribute money during elections and shall implement properly the assistance or schemes that are entitled to the people.
At the same time, Bah PN Syiem, said that the Act, which was passed by Mukul Sangma, in these days, has become a null and void law. he says “The law without bni”.
In Meghalaya, the tournament will be held in Shillong on the 24th and 25th of this month at the Assam Rifles Football Ground, Laitor and on the 29th and 30th at Mawlum Ground, Pyndengumiong, Mairang.
The rally was held at Sookilo.
However, the transfer of patients to other places is only when there are too many patients and there is no room to sleep, as there are only a few beds.
Police have been directed to carry riot gear, tyndong lyer pesat, sticks, shields and others and to take strict action against the village leaders as this incident could lead to bloodshed. Community.
These two wrestlers include Badonkupar Synnah and Bhalang Shadap who won the first round on Sunday and the second round on Sunday.
After the completion of the Aitnar sacrifice, the Kmai Raijs, namely, Loompyrdi, Loomiongkjam, Panaliar, Dulong, Tpeppale and Loomkyrwiang, gathered at Mynkoi Pyrdi Square, Ongpiah. They threw a bomb at Biar ka Blai.
“Now we have looked back at the challenges facing the supply of water to all in the state and how to resolve this.
“This is only the beginning and a small one, and later there will be a bigger one, so the party urges the government to lead by Conrad, that this will be a special one as a demand of the people. “It's not like I'm going to vote,” said Bah Donbok.
The driver of the Maruti car, Sanju Lyngdoh and an unnamed foreigner were seriously injured.
The JSM has alleged that the government and the District authorities of West Jaintia Hills have not taken action to protect the land of the indigenous people.
In the past three years, it has released 141,000 square meters of land mines in many parts of Cambodia.
Similarly, other foreign companies want to buy and take over the villages of Domiasait, Wahkaji, Umdohlun and others under the Maharam, Nongstoin and Langrin Himas. underground Uranium.
The tournament will be held at the Indoor Training Center of the Sports Authority of India (SAI) at NEHU. , Sutirtha Mukherjee and Achanta Sharath Kamal will participate.
He said that the party is deeply concerned about this.
Speaking to media after leaving the office, BJP President Donbok Dkhar said the investigation they want the CBI to take over or the ED is on many corruption cases including coal smuggling, appointment of teachers, corruption in the Social Welfare Department on ration, corruption in the Saubhagya scheme, corruption in the construction of ISBT, corruption in the construction of a new Assembly building, corruption in the use of funds in District Councils, corruption in the installation of smart meters, and other untold corruption in the present and former governments. .
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Seng Khasi College has won the Silver Jubilee Celebration Committee of Mawphor College on Tuesday.
He said that the VPP does not teach people to ask for assistance such as medicine, school fees, car fees and the like from the MLAs or their leaders.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the residents of Umtyrnga area expressed their deep concern over the increasing power outages and the lack of attention by MePDCL to provide electricity in the area.
He said that according to his information, according to the National Highways Fee Rules 2008, the distance between the two toll gates is It should be about 60 km from the nearest toll gate, which means that there should not be more than one toll gate within a distance of 60 km on the National Highway.
He urged the government to take action to expedite the issuance of the challan as this work is still pending and the reason is known to the government.
Through this statement, the union urges the residents to be vigilant and if they receive any information please inform the village authorities and the union so that they can take the necessary action.
Shillong: The BSF of Muktapur of 30 Bn, West Jaintia Hills District, today seized 58 smuggling boats carrying 45,000 kilograms of illegal motorcycles, which were smuggled into the Indian border. through the river Lakra.
He urged the Government to have adequate health facilities as this will help to reduce the cost of living of the low income families and the residents of the State.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 15: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri-Bhoi District has decided to hold a march on the 23rd of this month due to the problems faced by the people in the border areas of Ri-Bhoi District.
D.C, together with the cooperation of the residents of these areas, through this cooperation we have seen this fruit of the lack of awareness among the people living in these areas.
On behalf of the EJNC, Sambormi Lyngdoh, President EJNC-CEC, expressed his gratitude to the mothers of Seiñraij Tuber who have taken on the responsibility of raising these seven children.
Six Assamese from Karimganj have been killed in an accident at Ratabari Police Station, Karimganj.
In this incident, US police said they found a woman identified as Danicka Bergeson, 33, from her residence in Hopkins last month. After about 11 days, her boyfriend was released from jail.
The Government will strengthen and increase the number of rehabilitation centers to provide training to these youths in collaboration with NGOs to rehabilitate those who have gone astray. “The whole state in the next six months,” said Paul.
Besides the Rs 12 crore irrigation project, Hamlet also announced that he has allocated up to Rs 1 crore from the Soil and Water Conservation to improve the fields in Mawpun.
Explaining this, Prestone said that this allegation by the AITC spokesperson is groundless and completely wrong as the Meghalaya government has agreed with the central government to implement projects worth T.731 crore. Prestone said that these projects under the Meghalaya Economic Infrastructure Development Project (NEIDP) have been funded by the NDB at a cost of T.731 crore. for the year 2022 to
Shillong, Nailur 22: On the last day of the Synrao Dorbar today, a clash broke out between the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma and the VPP MLA, Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit.
According to the Sister who employed Junita at St. Joseph Mawkynrew, Junita has been working for three months now. that she should not bear children, for they thought that she was a wicked woman.
During the raid, there was also a shootout between the members of the group and the police.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie expressed his pleasure to take part in the program of the school.
In the lawsuit, which is currently in Virginia, it is argued that Depp admits that he never beat Heard and that his wife insulted him and that the newspaper, you shall not be ashamed of him.
No Entry areas are from Parking No 5 to the church venue, Parking No 10 and Parking No 11, Sutnga Presbyterian Higher Secondary School. , , No vehicles are allowed to drive from the Mission Football Ground to the venue, from CHC Sutnga to the venue, from the main road to the venue.
Almost all the villages in South West Khasi Hills District have spent their days and money to provide quarantine centers for the foreigners and not only that but they have also provided male and female volunteers to ensure that There is a smooth operation in accordance with the government's guidelines regarding the Quarantine.
Shillong, March 19: U Bah HDR Lyngdoh MLA Sohiong today inaugurated the road from Mawdngung to Mawlynthoh (Sohiong constituency) and laid the foundation stone for the improvement and cleaning of the road.
Meghalaya is the poorest and most backward state in terms of health, illiteracy, unemployment and especially the destruction of the environment.
The KSU-Laban Circle on Friday alleged that members of the Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP) in a recent rally in the city called for the transformation of Meghalaya into a Hindu State.
Shillong, July 25: The PDF today moved a no confidence motion against the Chairperson of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Teilinia Thangkhiew. The Deputy Chairman of the KHADC, who conducted the Dorbar today, said that the discussion on the bill will be held on the occasion of the meeting. The KHADC Budget Session will be held on July 30, 2013. The PDF MDCs will speak in the House that they no longer trust the Chairperson. It is understood that the Chairperson of the KHADC, Teilinia Thangkhiew, MDC of the ARPA, will lose the election because the ARPA no longer exists. On the 2nd of July, it is understood that there will be no election of another Chairman, but on the 10th of July, there will be no registration of candidates for the post of Lamphang.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the victims said that after the incident, they went to talk to the employees of the road construction company, but they allegedly did not believe them. However, they did not lodge a complaint with the District authorities.
That speech of the cow made the man think, “Why does the cow speak to a man when it has never spoken before? This is the wonderful work of God.
Shillong: The Shillong Senior Citizens Forum (SCF) has been formed by the elderly.
To reach the 50th anniversary of the State but the condition of the Block Offices and most of the offices are Assam type but the present government under the leadership of the Prime Minister has allocated Rs 120 crore. for the needs of the blocks, said Bah Dohling.
These are examples for you to know the different names of God called by people according to their places and religions.
With these six deaths, the death toll has risen to 945 in the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2 : The State Government has not yet taken a decision on the Show Cause Notice issued to 10 Superintendents of Police (SP) and 18 Inspectors of Police for their inability to stop illegal mining and quarrying of coal in the state.
Projects worth tens of thousands of crores of rupees will bring back hundreds of crores of rupees to the state per annum.
On the same day after the rally, the village in collaboration with the North East Network, Meghalaya also held a briefing on violence against children.
When the MLA and MDC of Rambrai Jyrngam learned of it, they rushed inside.
If we turn back to the history of Hynniew Trep and Hynniew Wasa, the era of Diengiei (the era of Pap ka Sang) will come again.
The elders who have served the people and some of the members of the Dkhar clan who have achieved in various fields in their lives were honoured.
Shillong, March 22: U President of India, Pranab Mukherjee today honored more than 2,000 students who have completed various courses from the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU).
On the other hand, the young woman has given 10 days to the suspect to return the money and the documents he has taken and if he cannot return within 10 days, they will lodge a complaint. complain to the police.
Meghalaya's Gurinder Singh scored 5/50 to lead Meghalaya to beat Arunachal Pradesh by 166 runs on the opening day of the Ranji Trophy. Cricket Association (MCA).
The recent incident happened at Saba village, a village on the Assam-Meghalaya border near Mukroh village.
Jowai, Naiwieng 24: Three trucks carrying illegal coal from Skhentalang to Assam have been arrested by Amlarem Police Station at around 10:30 pm this morning.
For this reason, there will be these misuses of power and these vehicles.
“In 2019, there are 16 vacancies and 10 posts have been appointed for Khasi Jaintia and 4 posts for Garo. that someone has retired," he said.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 17: In order to ensure the safety and convenience of the passengers in the state, who used to travel by air, today Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of State in charge of The Transport Department of the State Government, together with other senior officers, conducted a visit to the Umroi Airport.
The domestic workers group is one of the most discriminated against in the country.
Sohra, Jymmang 26: U Samla Nazariolan Synrem, who came fourth in the Top 10 of the Class 12 Science Result, said that the students of the state should not be left behind in the Common Examination. University Entrance Test (CUET) because it will help you to keep up with other Indian students.
He gave an example of this because many of the cases have been appealed to the High Court of the state.
It's too quick.
Speaking to media, Bah Jemino said that the suggestion is good and will not affect any ethnic group but should be accepted by all.
Commenting on the Karbi Students Association (KSA)'s threat to bring about the same situation as in Manipur if the people decide to go to Meghalaya, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “Anyone can say whatever they want. .
DF Majaw, PHF Director of Club Service while Rtn.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Felix said that when he saw only on YouTube, Bah Ardent didn't want to watch it through his mobile phone, but he wanted to come and congratulate him face to face.
He explained that the virus does not spread from one person to another just because of sexual intercourse, eating together but through unprotected sexual intercourse. by using the same injection needle and by donating or taking blood from people who do not have the disease.
Welcoming CB Marak, PA Sangma appealed to other political parties to join the NPP to work for the state.
He also urged the students who have completed their training from this Institute to go to churches and villages to teach others who wish to learn and know the sounds of songs and also music.
Noting that the Roster System was introduced after a court case, he recalled that even in the last Budget Session, there were Ministers who said that the posts could not be filled. On the other hand, it is clear that the Government has not yet decided on the right path to start.
“On this occasion, many of our relatives have donated money to this foreigner, without asking or investigating properly to find out the truth.
It was also seen that a bus carrying CRPF policemen was passing through the road in front of the Civil Hospital but on the way to Laban, it was seen that some people were injured. The CRPF personnel in the vehicle fled the scene after the stone was thrown at them.
The High Court made these remarks while hearing a case regarding the presence of overloaded trucks in the state.
Pakistan captain Babar Azam is once again leading the rankings while Mohammed Siraj is third and the only Indian player to reach the top Australian bowler Josh Hazlewood took first place in the list of bowlers.
In the second match, Umpling SC beat Board Presidents XI by 4 wickets.
Vedantu is ready to transform even the classrooms and make them fully equipped with the latest technology, so that the children can get the opportunity. ideas and involve the participation of all children.
Jowai: The All Jaintia Tourist and Commercial Vehicle Association (AJT&CVA) has decided to increase the fare except for the fare from Shillong to Jowai which has been set at 200 tyngka.
Jhalupara Outpost Police are conducting investigation into the incident to find out the cause of the fire.
The Ïewduh, the largest market in Shillong, is one of the largest markets in the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
When asked, he said, “I cannot promise anything now, but there are concerns about some areas and we have already moved forward, the MOU we have signed and while we are conducting the wat secondly, we will see how we can renegotiate these areas".
When asked how many kilos she gets per day, she said that sometimes she gets 50 kilos and sometimes she gets only 5 or 7 kilos.
At first glance, that statement of theirs seemed to be a joke and a joke, but as time went by, it became true and right.
At the same time, he urged the Heads of Higher Secondary Schools and Colleges to inform the students about the closure of registration for CEUT. He demanded that the two Deputy Commissioners of Jowai and Khliehriat should accept students through the NIC Cells of these offices so that the students can apply for CEUT. Shillong, June 24 : Students and teachers of Shillong Secondary School, Forest Colony Shillong, have come forward to raise awareness among the public on the dangers of consuming alcoholic beverages. thunder.
The Waheh Shnong of Tuber Kmai Shnong, Bah Miki Lyngdoh, congratulated the Deputy Commissioner, Abhilash Banarwal, the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Jonathan Shylla, the Project Manager of DMFT, Bah Lumlangki. Pohti, Assiatnat Technical Engineer of DMFT, Bah O.Pariat and other government officials who have helped to provide the roads for the benefit of the village and the residents, said that the The use of these shawla will help to preserve the trees in the forest, will help in health and as the Waheh Shnong, he hopes that all the households in the village will use these types of shawla. It is expected that the Deputy Commissioner will introduce more such shawlas in the village.
Many times the world has tried to destroy the Word of God by the enemies of the Gospel, but after many centuries the printing press was invented by William Tyndale, but the enemies burned it. He was imprisoned and executed in 1536. Before his death, he prayed, 'Lord, open the eyes of the King of Bilat!'
Take precautions in your home, places , roads.
“We don't know, ask the senior doctors maybe they know,” said the doctors when Rupang tried to ask them.
